I'm going north of the border. Yeah. That place you do. How's it up there today? It's been on my bed, a little murky and notes. Billy, no snow. There ain't no snow. It feels like it's going to snow here. Well, good idea. You should see Duff the salesman. He just walked into the, you know, do you think he's still... He's still... He's still very. He thinks that he's still working over here. There's a big size. There's no salespeople allowed. There he is in the control room. But he had all dressed up, he's in the easy suit now. Yeah. Yeah, now that he's a sales guy, 20, suit and tie and... You're fairery. He's a fashion plate. Is that what it is? Yeah. Anyway, let's see. The beast here, I want to tell the beast that I was right about the dollar wheel of fortune. No, never played again. Beast is also in a very crowded control room right now. Is he really? I hope there's nothing wrong with whether they look in like they're in panic. Somebody passed out in there. What's going on? No. Beast is making his way this way. Oh. He's getting out of there. But fix it's in there, duffs in there. And... Oh, maybe they haven't some technical effubilies. That's a QM specialty. I like the massage. Yeah. Here's the big... Ghosts have played the dollars, okay. I lied. You went back to it? Well, most of Mark closed down because there's switching over to the tickets now. It's the end of the coins. Right. But to the ones up front most of us are lovin' by. I knew we're busy, so I went in the back and I played a five dollar for a little bit. I played a little money, Carl O. Spindlewind. And what you're laughing about was up about $100 bucks. How did the blazing sevens? I looked at the jackpots and those, those are crap. There's just no upside. I want to play stuff where there's an upside, okay. So anyway, did you listen what I just said? I got two spends on a five dollar machine. Wow. And I'm up a lot of $100 bucks with that money, Carl O. And then like a schmuck, I go back. You know, we just pour a hook on that stuff. I told you, I go back there and I hit like $500 bucks twice and $400. And I still lost. So to make a long story short, I gave back what I was a hit. I didn't, I went home even. But that convinced me, try other stuff. If you're going to play Wheel of Fortune, play the final. There's no upside in the dollars for suckers. Except for one schmuck, this nasty old bastard. He's playing a machine and people are waiting online. He reaches over and puts a $100 bill in the machine next to him. And he had no business doing it because there's other people waiting. You know, he has to play two machines when it's busy. Right. And a bastard gets $3,000 on the line. Oh. He's a crap. I want to just puke all over him. Of course, nobody would notice this smell of wood vine because it goes with the ambiance. What a place. Anyway, so I guess the mad dog had a little bit of an accident yesterday speaking of a posterior. Missed taken identity? Yeah. Case of mistaken identity and trashed everybody on channel 6 for an hour. I didn't hear it, but I heard my reports about it. You heard it? Yep. Gave inside the stories about people. All kinds of incestuous stuff going on there. Oh, six. Oh, I didn't hear that. That's what I heard. Didn't hear it, but I heard about it. I just heard him say that they better watch themselves over there because he's going to be the watchdog. Is that it? Or the man? Or there was a lot more than that. I didn't hear that, but anyway, then it came back allegedly after the break. I heard that. I said yes. It was a channel 7. Yeah. Wow. That was really not. Oh, right. That was uncool. Well, if you're going to start trashing people, least trashed the people of the house, I didn't hear them in trashing people, but I missed that. Well, we had that a bad report ever. I was saying they were sending names on it. Yeah. All I heard him say was he mentioned the names and the context of saying that if you all have a kid and rehab or you have a personal problem or something, I'm going to find out about it. Yeah. And I forgot to kid and we had nobody. Nobody. Everybody did that as governor. He's got a kid and we had. He doesn't work in me. He doesn't work at the channel 6. How do you know that? The governor's something after this year. I hear he's going to leave the country. Yeah. Maybe go to Bosch Marine with Michael's accident. Trade missionary. A couple of weirdos that we don't want to see again. Fat asked. Yeah, Bush and Michael's accident. And maybe he can also sing on the pubs to see the Michael's accident. You see that? Yeah. Fat asked governor can sing on it. The fire may have be left. No. Kissing goodbye. Too late though. Look at all the damage he's done. He can take out and brown with him. Downtown Allen Brown. Of course you knew governor. What else is his name? The attorney general. Charlie Craig. Charlie Craig. Charlie Craig. Charlie Craig. Yeah. Chris. You're fair. And then maybe Mark Fuller can be his better half. So what about this ESPN thing? This is very disturbing. This is just an ABC. Why don't want to put you on a spot because you work for those people. But nevertheless. Which what? What is a portion? What an abortion. Oh, the group they put together. The Monday night football. The best they can do is Mike Tereko. I mean, my little mimpin would have been a better play by play in person in Mike Tereko. Joe Faisman, who's just marginal at best. Very tolerable. And Tony Cornhoor. I mean, what is that? They keep trying to reinvent Howard Kosoa today. What? And how many times have I told you that? They can't do it. There was only one Howard Kosoa. It's like Einstein. It was one Einstein. There's not going to be another one. It's like anything. I'll tell you. Tony is very good at what he does. That what he does. Yeah. He goes again. He's a great columnist. Yeah. He's a great humorist. So was Drew Pearson was a great columnist. Did you think he should have been on Monday night football? Me, really. And not listening to what I'm saying. Go ahead. Finish him. He's great at what he says. He's always back Anderson. Go ahead. Now they're putting him in a different time and a real all together. Yeah. Trying to recreate our Kosoa in his greatest moment. He can do that. I don't know that he can do that. Can't do it. So. And Mike Tereko is so weak. I like you. You realize how desperate it is these days. You know, I guess what's happened over the last 20 years or so is that they've discouraged all the young people from trying to be played by play people because all the X-Dax get the jobs. And as a result, there's like, there's nobody. I mean, you know, let's face it. I know Al's a friend of yours. But Al and Madden, six more years. I mean, for Christ's sake, what are they going to do? Very them on the air. Go to God Almighty. Madden must be 100 years old already. He's always like a little lie. Is he 68? Yeah. He's like 78. Good. God. Get somebody new. And, you know, just like Al these, another thing got these 80s and in games that they got abroad. You just said it. Who? Somebody knew like, but the person, you know, somebody you aren't there. You know, you know, something. That's why you got. My career goes young. Yeah. He's, well, that maybe he's young, but he's not good. That's the problem. Well, then who do you want? Who's out there? How about Stan Major? That's a good name. Yeah. It's like you said that he had a just. There was a ton of his talent. I just got to tell you that because all the extracts took the jobs. So now there are no, a bunny young sportscasters coming along. Our forboker. Yeah. He's available. But the same. The same. The same. Although Al the be honest with it, he'd been improvement over Mike Toreco. If he had any idea who was on the field. But, you know, he sure is all does a better job than Mike Toreco. You know, trying to be a fair and not letting your prejudice interfere. That's an correct. And you know, who's trying to pull his impoverished. Have you heard the ego do football? Yes, he did the orange bull game. He sucks. Very boring. Cypher that. Yeah. And very, very, of course, along with size men in Tony Cornhoer, that would ought to be really, really, sit a lady in broadcast. It'll bring, it'll bring, we can't, all those memories of. In fact, the only one that will bring, can't, will remember is of his gift because he was only boring one of the three. All I got to tell you about. Everybody has this guy. Cocell was great, but I didn't like, Meredith. I never liked that crap. Turn out the lights. The party, all the singing and the crap. I didn't like him. I mean, the broadcast were fun because of Cocell, but not, don't merit it. Then he'd done just doing. And then, of course, they had OJ on there for a while. He killed me. And I was, and who else did they have on? I liked Meredith. No, I didn't. I hated him. Turn out the lights. The party, we all read neck. You know, we all the Yahoo. I love the combination of Cocell and Meredith work. Yeah, that worked. Okay, yeah. But that was because of Cocell. I was so jealous of the mix. What do you got left? Well, Meredith, we did a pretty good job of being a foil at times. Yeah. Yeah, I thought it was, yeah. Well, it was a good set of things. But most because of Cocell. I mean, you're for it is vanilla as tapioca pudding. He's just terminal. And barely, barely even literate. He's like, semi, almost illiterate. And you know, it's true. I know you don't want to say it because he's not one of your buddies, but he's horrible. They didn't just start to take away the great sports cast. Because we went through this a million times. The good sports cast is, we're all dead. God, he used to be so many. Never Frank Delebrit. They used to do the Browns. Yeah, I do. Oh, God was he going to Ken Coleman to the games on television? Frank Delebrit. Frank Delebrit. He used to work for CBS. Frank Delebrit was in Dallas. He also did the Cowboys. Remember, he was great. And even Chris Schakel is dead. Not that he was all like great, but he sure was better in Mike Terrico. He faked him out of his juxtra. He faked him out of his shoes. I just, that's six in my mind. That's from like 50 years ago. That's a true story. That little carried away. You couldn't say joxdrap on here in 1956. I mean, God forbid. But he said it on live TV. I was almost as bad as Janet Jackson entered. Who we flap. And of course, they, you know, believed a couple of words of the Estones thing. They're the stone. The stones, I think, are the same ages that John Madden now. 110. Too much old, funny, dirty stuff. And I think it's fine. Yeah, by the way. You don't want to leave the Estones. It was done in the stadium. Yeah, it was not done on television. Really? Well, they were on a five second delay. They never used it. I think pretty soon the whole world is going to be on a 30 second delay. You know? But they don't have to. But they play this song. I think it's a personal stadium. All cartoons will also be published on a 30 day delay. Just, we'll have to clear it with the whole world first to make sure nobody gets offended. And then, of course, you're president. And that service would not be possible. Well, he ought to be on a 30 year delay. Yeah. After I'm dead and buried, he can bring him back. I don't want to see him no more. I don't want to see him brother. In fact, I'd rather get mold back than see the sub-boosh master. Yes, I know. I just don't know if you'll ask. I know. So you don't mind that to Monday night football thing. I'm not going to want to continue working for you. Yeah. He sees you like it. I didn't say anything. It reminds me of Marshall Cassidy calling the races of Belmont and Aquaduct. Same, you know, there's some nepotism involved somewhere. Remember Marshall Cassidy? Sure. God, he was awful. The Monday night thing is going to happen. I think that's not true. He was like related to somebody. He was terrible. He was terrible. He was his back. He was my fatagally. You're good buddy. Oh, he's just horrible. I don't think my fatagally is good. He's rude. No, he's not just not good. He's horrible. He's just embarrassing. He'm really eating and degrading. He's a nice man. He tries hard but finds the sub-boosh. Yeah. Yeah. He just isn't ready for prime time. He would be great at the old County Fair Harness races. That's what he sounds like to me. He's a county fair kind of guy. Like in Sturgis, Michigan or Hillsdale. He'd be perfect there. Lime or Ohio. Maybe solo and Ohio were mad dogs from. You know, mad dog that ripped out six all day yesterday. Solo and Ohio. You know, they Joe Marsh Jr. The great driver from a filial Ohio. He once drove a horse called Solon Pick. That's the only reason I can think of Solon or Ohio. I'm not a solon and filial Ohio or close together. I think they were. Are they? Yeah. You know, you know, you're actually heard of Philly Ohio. Yes. Wow. That's scary. But you never heard of Joe Marsh Jr though. Here in T.O. No. No. Hockey and harness racing man. I could tough circles about you on end. At least harness racing there's something going on in the flats. You sit there and you wait. You wait. You know, nothing going on. And it come out like China dolls in the post parade. And look like if they even read hard, they would fall down and crack right on the track. It's just very unfortunate. It's boring. I guess I missed that. Which is why you got to have a big name entertainment. Like Gary Puckett, Union Gamp and the Brooklyn Bridge with Johnny Mystro. Bring a crowd out for some excitement. I've been a gulstering course. All those people remember those groups who all did, but never less. Who was the, I was yesterday. There was a story about some guy, Dwarthe. And I kept thinking, remember the Jackie was really hot for about 10 minutes. A short Dwarthe. George, hard hate Dwarthe. Remember him? Yep. I don't remember Gary Colano and you keep forgetting to ask a K about Gary Colano. I'm a seniority. I'd rather Marty Colano. I'm a seniority K in a while. Well, you, I'm Tony. This is an assignment. I've been your slip of man. I've been asking about this for months now. And you, I can't believe that you're just putting me on. First of all, how many Jewish Jockeys have ever written in South Florida in the first place? Well, it's a blum. I mean, 20 of drivers, but yeah, well, Walter Blum is a, it made dead now. He was a steward for about 50 years. The officers around is eating about 110 years old. You know, there's a lot of Jewish Jockeys. No, man. Well, there was a David Colano and California. You finally figured out who he is, right? Yeah, I know who he is. But Gary, you don't know. And he was right there in your backyard. Who the old, who the old, Pizzua? Yeah, he's Jewish. Victor Molina, he's Jewish. Jose Belez, Jr. He was Jewish. My friend Mike Gonzalez was saying. Sounds like an Adam Samler routine. Oh, and yesterday I mentioned Bobby Breen. You remember Bobby Breen? I remember him. Yes. Long shots. Man, I can't some good tickets on Bobby Breen. He wasn't like the greatest writer, but boy, I remember him. And I really care what the audience doesn't like this. And I'm loving it. I enjoy it all the old. Yeah, I do. I enjoy those good old days. I don't know how good they were, but. And then who is the risk-score-teen-o? I remember him. He had a little low-prop, but boy Rick was really hot there for one year or whatever. I was saying it a little. Got too much money too fast and had some problems. He was on my show on time, risk-score-teen-o-9Z. To watch a Grammys? You were on my show on IZ with the Tony cigarette. I won't be there. I said, I don't remember that. You know, I was on a show on IZ with the Tony cigarette. One time too. And I said, cream-free. You're something like that. You both looked at me like I was in lunatic. And you know, I was on a show. You know, I was something like that. I remember that show. You know, I remember being on your show when you were there, when I was suspended from the interview. I got the, really? Yeah. I don't remember that. Yeah, you had me on. Yeah. And I said something about you and my Emmy news story. Oh, because I was asked, what my favorite radio show was or something. And I said, you. Yeah. And that's for some of that show. Well, I'll be there. Yep. I don't think that's right. The first time you met me was on a panel of Larry King when I was like, a cult Bill Carter had me doing a couple of weekends on here and Larry had me on with you and Sinshai and Phil Salsman talking about gambling or handicap in a sausage crap. You were on that panel. I was. And that's when Larry was having his panel. That was probably his first panel. You know, Larry's always got these great panels. Yeah. We were the first panel. They said, sure. I probably did Bill Salsman there was a surprise long gone. Yeah. And you and me and Phil. So there's three Jews still around. And Bill, do I buy the way to see Phil Salsman anymore? Uh, I saw him at, uh, I think I saw my costume that they got. They gave me his hockey tickets to middle jackasses, but I don't go to games anyway. So what do I care? That would show you. Yeah. Well, well, how am I going to go to the games? If I don't go to games here, why would I go to the games there? No, I would play games. I would play games or would get a hockey tickets. Yeah. Well, let's look. We already did it with the jackies. We're not going to start with that hockey stuff now. Okay. We'll say that for a bit more. Well, I said, have a great day. I'm already way past the first break. Tell love fix it that I said hi and stay in hell away from here. Don't ever even think about coming up here. Okay. If he comes here, I'll be gone. You know what I mean? Yeah. That person just, I don't want to see him. I can just see the two of you hanging out with. Yeah. I can just see him coming up here and did it with this equipment. Man, it's all I need is him in here. About a half an hour. It is place would be a warm battle zone nightmare. Have a great day and thank you so much. I'll be able to see you up in a minute. I'll be able to see you up in a minute. Cool is money or soon-ported. Okay. On you guys. Bye. Bye to spread your animal or his land and coast more. Gets the only mortgage company in South Florida at the same location since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch and ready to help serve you. If you want to free crews, don't call them. If you want it to rain on a sunny day, don't call them. If you don't want the big closing costs, don't call them. If you want great. Straight dog call them. A Atlantic coast mortgage. In day called real by 944-073-3. Or borrowed a bomb each at 985-4-987-8077 for a Atlantic coast mortgage. Hang, go for it. Weekday morning, 7-10. Wayway, Joyce. On Sports Radio 5-60-QAM, these two games this week. Are they a measuring stick in a way for you guys? I think I'm saying we don't want to gain that if we lose these two games, we're not nothing. I'll see. I want to give you a kiss. Okay. Okay, that's all we've got time for. We don't have time for a bit now. Let's go see talk to ourselves in a way, we'll back ourselves in a corner. How are you today? 10-15-60-WQM-Happy Thursday, February 9th, we got guilty of two. guilty of a bad dog is four, who's going to rip a channel for today. Kind of balance it out, then channel 10 tomorrow. Robert to the long-go show with guilty of 6-30, 7 o'clock at 3-Kane hotline for Bernie Cose, our steak house. The beast at Bernie Cose are at 9, so there's three hours solid hours you can take a nap. And any KM-Four event, stuff. Hey, okay, all you guys out there, Valentine's Day's come up in just a few days next Tuesday, last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping, so here's exactly what you should do. Send a pajamagram. A pajamagram is the perfect way to support your wife or girlfriend or both, and give them exactly what they want. Show receive the best pajama's delivered in a hot box. She'll love along with a laveter sachet, a gift card, and a do not disturb sign all for free. Setting a pajamagram only takes a few minutes, but you'll think you'll spend a month planning it. It'll make you look like a real munch. Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIVPJs, find all the top brands from company to sexy. Great bath and body gifts too, all the spas stuff that women just love. Plus the packaging is amazing too, and I have to wrap anything. A pajamagram is the perfect gift, and best of all, though think you, take a view, and think about you, and think on you every time they put them on. Women want to be pampered, and this is a gift that you'll both love. Valentine's Day delivered guaranteed, you stop plenty of time, so call today. 1-800-GIVPJs, or visit pajamagram.com right now. Be sure to tell me that ancient Leo told you to call 1-800-GIVPJs. This is Neil Roger. That's fabulous. This is 5.62-8. For the fact of station. I need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. TARES FOR YOU MY need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. To build an end again. All the sugar boots are mountain. For a gosh of day, go for a hour. At the toes. For you my need a pump. To build an end again. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a cow. Full stand. The bear high. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. My need a pump. Yeah, no founder. Here. The bear. His need. He needs серges. He needs to fix it. He needs to fix it. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. They equal to 40 degrees and 40 degrees students. Old classes. I guarantee if the 1930s they would have had television Hitler would have been on TV every day Yeah Propagandaizing and Brainwashing Characters name a literally was catchy there you go, but it would put it every day What did I tell you he said is on show every single day on the talking head and that works every day They got some contrived reason to have him on here. He's making a speech over here He's talking a lot of crap over there. It's disgusting So the good news is that I got my copy of beer ass mounting right here George Sammy You're legal copy by the way, but yeah, that's right my address is I sure hope it's a fine copy It's adequate so I guess I'll be watching that today. Maybe this afternoon We want to see it. I mean, we just weekend or maybe I just won't watch it at all now watch it Although I got so many others on my list now American history X and crash Chimbers list and a shot strike by them said I guarantee of my son man Yeah, but I said that is a nice safe movie for you to watch Nothing but I'm really really terminally bored just a good story I'm glad I mentioned that thing about the money that football a hack But he can't say too much because I can't see too much about a few people because he's part of that sports Return to you know, you don't want to alienate these people having throws pitfalls at him next time they see him A Marlon stadium deal maybe a long shot and there's a thing in the here. Well, here What's I don't think I've won a waste any time going through this because it's the same old days and it's highly unlikely But a beep better poop but about it's a long shot They've got these models through in the towel yet and they're talking about doing it over here next development stadium which they need some help from Wayne and Putting a roof on the current stadium which certainly isn't gonna happen and highly a which nobody would ever write mine Once to a highly even the people who live there one out A plot of landization to mommy in her modal center. I have no idea if you ever hear that the intermodal center No, but the way they change the names these and emphasis transit have under construction near the airport They provide access to the metro rail train and busroads. Oh, yeah, out by the airport. That's a real good spot for it And then And they're also talking well maybe how about I have sent increase in the sales tax for maybe a full penny's Increasing the county and they can come up with an extra 160 million or 300 million the need for the You know, whatever Yeah, and having a referendum I don't even know why they'd waste the time because it would be so overwhelming You know the public is not gonna give you guys a dime. Okay. That's just a bottom line's the way it is Well, maybe even the people are going to the games. They're not gonna give you no money to build you guys a stadium I beg of her maybe if we were to does a triple negative. Yeah, yeah, are you against it? But you really think you're for it and no matter how this comes out can we give them the money? Some like that right Mark from howl and the ill beat says oh He's let me do yesterday's poor results for a settle take couple hours Then I got a great story from the two out of star They must be psychic or maybe I was touring Torino was the name of the game about the whole thing with a name I hate to break the news to you, but they're wrong NBC is wrong anybody else who's calling it Torino a games. I mean, yeah, it does make any sense and the art of bears that out by the way And other no no opportunities Anyway, here's the original Oh, he just oh seriously there. There's just no words to describe him. I just I want to just do giant piles when I see him How how like a big thing it says at the bottom of our website how can 50 million plus Americans be so stupid? Are you really that dumb that this is your idea of a present that this butcher this murderer this dufist? Is you idea of the leader of the free world Seriously the fact that he still got 39% approval rating that indicates to me that there are a lot of rich folks out there who love those tax cuts I got the tax cuts. I'll be more than glad to give him back just to get rid of him Please just Why I said you can pick it down stairs Yeah, old style yeah other than godfather movie could watch a zillion times is how many votes that we have we had 17 10 Well, that's a frequency of that first sports the competitor 7 to what that? 17 90 the fan 18 90 blazing saddles 175 that's just this whole thing is just makes me almost as angry as and because of these efforts It's him blazing saddles 175 public show 134 animal house 103 my cousin Vinny 90 was my cousin Vinny read that good It wasn't that good. It was just fine How's that the shark tank redemption 75 one? We watch and that this weekend National I'm putting vacation 70 See that very funny see that more than once. I don't want to see it again. Very funny caddy facts 67 seen it more than once very funny don't ever want to see it again airplane 64 I watched that again sure Wizard of Oz 60 shot 100 years ago was very entertaining very interesting Judy Garland was very cute and Yeah, and don't want to see it again the greatest game 57 plain strange and automobiles 54 Let's see Steve Martin was John candy and that too. Yeah, see we okay Fargo 53 with the great Francis McDormand and the William H. May she but she's just huh? They both are great. Yeah, what are both great but she just especially well cuz everybody talks about him You know who but and the Frank McDormand Oh Kind of funny look why the same producers and the and Francis also in raising Arizona Which is right very fun. See that very fun. I am that to my list Scarface 52 good fellows 49 Blender England Ross you're fair 46 the natural 41 stupid baseball movie star wars 39 Rocky har pretty sure show 35 the life of Bayern 32 That's about to chicken neck order the rings Not good man, but good to bat and Dan D'Broski they've been broski 29 Dan D'Bruck and bro heat 25 office face 23 the big Lebowski 22 dumb and dumb or 19 reservoir dollars 19 West Side story 18 come on Silence the lands and smokey the bandit die hard Joe dirt each had 17 14 Catorce for coming to America and since city today the earth stood still has old lucky number 13 Casino 11 let it ride 11 nine for the K9 mutiny Roger rabbit rounders eight for a pink Floyd the wall Little big man seven for the exercise in Spartacus half baked for a six platoon six five Her standing the shadows the most hungry for my naughty report swing blade for long as you are three karate kids three and two for Benher and imaginary heroes My choice was dead last would been her I asked me if I don't hear if it was on a good myself Once again, I just like it and that's just the email her share loves to go any weaver in there and Jeff see the part about the bastard father You know, let's see I can relate to that. Why is it so many bad fathers? I don't know I mean murder is I mean mothers can be real pain in the asses you might know and I know But but father is generally tend to be the real hard-bitten bastards Really real huh oh Especially fathers of Guys, I think fathers get along better with their daughters Okay, well, I only have a daughter so I get all of this here you go But but fathers and sons is just the generally speaking almost always something really past style I don't well certainly the sons. Yeah, oh and what about if two sons? Yeah, oh my god, yeah, but you're over the edge by convincing people across the Muslim world 28 past 10 a QAM I just got a arriving this summer from executive reproducers Brad Pitt and an young as you leave comes the blockbuster birth you fall then wait for Mr. and Mrs. Smith's genetic perfect baby For your old magic says a beautiful younger sibling to pick on I'll give it forward Why you are says I love I cried I prepared a suffer from an acute case of little child Jennifer and since I'm glad it's not a news pregnant If you see the one some love or the negative or this summer See Mr. and Mrs. Smith's genetic perfect baby 32 at five sixty wqm here today's pool and mark from hell and they'll be charred he has a suggestion I guess mark this realize that Oprah's gonna have her own channel on XM Huh can't wait all over all day while I'm in plus her friends and maybe she'll have that author again with the attendant lies Yes, so tiny on George as far today's pool question which is what he listened to before 10 before this show on a radio I listen to my XM radio until 10 a and then I listen to the real round your show when it's entirety you go Mark When he owns a day off I listen to Mr. George Rodney because he doesn't have standing job Please excuse the flagrant suck up. It says thank you. I think he's adequate if upon the old retirement George does not land his own radio Show especially locally. It'll be a damn shame. That's what he says Yeah, also I tried to call the show regarding yesterday's movie pool. I would have suggested cookies and that's why I was too late The scene with Charlie Cheswick demanding a cigarette some nurse ranchers is a Mahaya No, that's I would say it's a panic not a Mahaya Mahaya is like market with it. Learn some you this if you had that sound by could you play his play Oh, yeah, here you go. I want my cigarettes this ranching. He's good by the way is it yeah She's not though and I always think it's Ellen Burston, but it's not it's Louis sweatshirt Louis sweatshirt Same person I think anyway. There's Mark from hell. Oh, listen to XM so we did throw XM on there But I think a lot of the people who all those truck drivers that have XM are not that they know that Oprah's gonna be on there And you got Martha Stewart on serious. I mean what more could you want you know? Oh, that's where all the you know how it's on there So that all the audience is gonna go there. They're never that way a lot of Mark is our poll today We got six hundred eighteen votes and it is shocking What radio show do you listen to in the morning before 10 a.m. Hank 132 the Humper 21.3% of this audience none 83 that's what I voted adolescent the radio period. I'm tired of it sick of it era America 79 NPR 74 Howard Stern and there's serious fifty-nine nine and a half percent Aren't you shocked by that or actually spending money? Well the reason I know there's spending money because we had a separate category for listening to Howard on some pirate either Pirate station or on the internet or through some devious means not paying for it That's separate category. Stern fifty nine on serious Joe rose 46 and there's more of our people listen to Howard than there are two Little dog Ron and Paul 37 Bob and Tom 37 Now that's that how do you like that? They're not even in officially in the right hour during Palm Beach on a station We have to make an effort to listen to Bob and Tom. They got to call the other day. He was right. He was absolutely correct I think that's the solution man. Bob and Tom six to ten mad dog two to five Hank five to eight How's that? I think I'd like that because you only be working like an hour and a half most days because we thought all these Yeah, he'd like that Other music station 27 I don't want to install the music stations because it's you know what cracked that is W. What? Yes, it is W. I would be 14 more way wing crap I don't even know what that guy's name is then back is at it rhymes with Todd Dreck. That's one other name Is that a no-sticky in gray station 10 and again I certainly didn't want to list those Is that something 10 of our people listen to some stationos feeling when I could be music like radio amor or radio Romance or whatever Haitian melodies or it could be that too Monxm8 Howard Stern power five illegally. We're gonna trace all of those and congratulate you I mean, what else should we be peoed about them? I'll see it again more pirate radio. We don't have no license WFPL4 magic one or two points seven four mr Ego's Steve Kane on the station that if you paid me fifty million dollars cash right now I couldn't tell you the call it is two is that pathetic how it makes to I used to think it was W and and or something like that and that was the motivation station I believe remember that thing that lies about ten minutes and they motivated they could motivate It might listen to it. This week goes got a pair while 100's got a pair It's not our crowd and power 96 solement to you and that's definitely not our crowd and in addition Which all those punk super in school right now so like tonight when they get chance to vote on this for when I get home from school afternoon tonight there'll be zillions of a punk swan there voting not that's not our crowd Would want to poison their ears with all these Filth and venom and spew them that we spew on a ways on a show I'll occasionally I do get it right this turn story is fabulous WQAM hello And you yeah, yeah, let me ask question on that playlist today with fair viewers. They all fun there no All right, I was pretty good anyway at first Bob and Bob go There the in my opinion there are apologies for the human race so have Of not just people like paint manning on there and When they have that scandal about the girl getting a race or having that or gee on that Vote a couple months back we minnesota. Yeah, they have paint manning at that type of thing really goes on in the NFL Like like he's really gonna tell them and they move your op and they they they're pathetic Like I said I think let's forget about Bob and Tom. Yeah, I listen to them because They get other basically nothing else on almost in 0b child listen to NPR because You know it's pretty informative and I'll switch back and forth because Bob and Tom will have good comedians on there One thing that got me about Bob and Tom they had a black comedian out there one day and they brought up the N Word and Bob says oh that word just makes me feel so uncomfortable and after that I was like Mike Yeah, these are just apologies for the human race All of the probably like ripping the cartoonist now, too. Okay. Thank you Today we're in okay I have no idea what he's talking about you. They know that's probably a zero beats probably big story up there Anyway, I don't know I mean Bob and Tom to me. I've heard him many many times for a long time ago And they do some funny bits. I'll open them But I guess we don't want them I guess well I kind of don't want them. Although he does listen to them because there's nothing else on see that I'm always very suspect about that. I just I don't know you know he seems to know a little bit too much about everything They do you know I mean like the people oh And I mean a Rogers I would listen to him because he does this and he said that and just the other day He said yeah just the other day. He said and then he go on chapter and verse they can quote every single thing You said they can tell you how many times oh and by the way speaking of that So I've been fighting up notice the great job. I mean they're fighting up that cold very good job Is about I was right on the edge of and any I guess today it would buy and I'm I'm a stupid to go there I should never go in there and I'm my throat is really scratchy because the environment there to air You know and they keep it too cold in there to keep you awake and losing your hands and I thought for sure my neck was getting stiff and so I came home and I took a hot shower And then when I went to bed I put a whole bunch of vix on my neck and under my nose You know very good magic love vix But in this shower I'm gonna try to do something right now. I I Want to get too graphic yeah, you guys will get all better I'm going to do some gas I swear to you you talk about getting away from world dependency that kind of feel Everybody who's listening to me right now could have fueled your automobile for at least six months all of you Feel the wallpaper. I am just the peeled my layer of skin off my face. I felt like I took from France there with a face France all You're a little too. I gotta be fun Bad job. Oh, I tell you and There's long well, that's gonna pay transplants for him. So I just don't have to look at that push anymore Oh, a cartoot about a face transplant is better fact. Do we on your website? I'm not well I don't they look at the cartoot tonight. Oh, you don't I don't want to be offended probably some thing This show Ojo on provocative tour put a monitor. No doubt anyway after the break I got a stir from the Toronto star tour in Torrino was the name of the game And this is exactly what I was talking about yesterday. It's not Torrino, baby That's Italian said that the Ionel and I'm gonna save you one more time if the games of the Olympics are ever held in Florence They will not call it the Farins the games that they just won't do that That's a Titan for Florence and if the games are invented, Italy It's certainly won't say Venetcia and I know they will not do that So where they come up with this Torrino crap on NBC is probably because you know Brian Williams hit his on cock-eye That's probably what it's got to do with and the fact he's got 98 teeth Is Neil Rogers to fare this is five 16 Don't drop there in the taxi But ah You have that means ketchup ring Dark So I acted my posture raise into my arms the trees are made No, smoke me speaks English I weren't down to Michael. I met who do we have, the weather is nice and sunny I walked into early gusts, but the guarders, fox-roaf, one-eyed, and fog-kind of fortune-beam is just not the end of what does that mean? The butter's cooking list, and more. That's the toilet, dear leads. Hell, I think I've been practicing Stance, taking this smelly. Are you in your back to your hour, Anne? Yeah! I'm not gonna play for fun, but I'm gonna play for fun. That's a great name. I came here for a month and a year ago, and I learned my ABC. I don't say much as grossly as I said, pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me stand. Put your butt as dangerous for you, baby. That's one of the more mild ones, but then again, it's one of the few we can play anymore, because you're a voice. So when you have your lunch with our leader on Monday, you might want to read, you're going to be doing a lot of self-serving stuff, which is fine, because you never got that chance before. But you might also want to mention that, don't over-skinflicking signals. Find out if we can say hello or goodbye, and don't give me any false hopes so we're going to go back and do this. Because they got my hands tied behind my back and can't do the show, which is fine. You know, I always got good intentions, but you know what they say about that. Right, right. Now I play the cover all the bases. Some are all the bases, touching twice just to be nice, just to be safe. Because there are some things that still do remind my answer about that whole approach about, well, you know, that you can't do this. You can't do that, that's not right, you know. You can't even get a green light, and all of a sudden, well, I guess what, the joyces we're calling the shots. But I help with joy, speaking of shots, there's one for you, Joyce. Bitch. See, be one thing if she was qualified, if she had any idea what she was talking about, and if we were like operating with an FCC guidelines as grotesque as they are, I have no problem with that. We're operating with enjoys guidelines, and she has absolutely no business in making up any of this crap, and then of course the excuse being, well, we still don't have our license, and that's because our Greg Reed made a lot of really bad mistakes. Yeah, well, some of the words we got to pay the price for that. We have to pay the price for Greg Reed's mistakes, but it wasn't a skit and paint two days early this Friday. We'll see what happens next time. You know what I mean? Yeah, well, I think the guy's got very good intentions, and he's a good guy, and Yaddi Addi Addi Addi, but there's, when you're working for this company, from Mendus restrictions on what you can do, because they just haven't got a clue, and you don't know what to do, because you know you're going to get screwed. Anyway, turn to Reno as the name of the game. So Bush just used his latest opportunity, you know what this is all about? I have absolutely no. And over the first time, we've got details about this foil terrorist plot to build the, to bomb the LA library building, the tower. And how they were going to use shoe bombers to break through the cockpit of a commercial jet, and then we're going to take over to playing in the LA library tower. This is all part of this green washing going to be American public safety safety safety. He troubles the let's get out of the security. Right. In other words, look how a lot of great job I'm doing and protecting you and all the people that could be dead now, if we weren't doing this great job. And of course, all the other things they've talked about, the alleged plot that they forward to Detroit, and that's sell that they've had to turn out to be BS. But what in Buffalo also turned out to be BS. So I've never even believed that this one got full well. The only one that we know got full was the LA airport, LA X. And that was because of a very alert customs agent in Panama, and they can even use border on a West Coast. Remember that? If he was versus suspicious of the guy in the open the truck and it was all these explosives, that had nothing to do with homeland security, which George W. Bush would rent whatever his name is. He rent the, Mickey, what is his name? From home land security, churtoff? Oh yeah, Michael. Yeah. Mickey churtoff, not Michael anymore. It's always Mickey Brownie, you know, Brownie hound. So that's what this is. So in other words, if we eavesdrop and we follow, we, oh, oh, oh, that's what this is all about. Damage control. To try to like turn a whole deal around like Carl Roeva's running around threatening with death. All the Republicans, you better not vote for that, or this guy, we're going to get impeached. And then you're really going to, you're actually a grass. So that's why things go. And of course, they got Mrs. Limbaugh on there. She's, you know, anchoring this thing. And they got a bunch of chills on there. Oh, it was very interesting here for the first time the details of this foil plot. Yeah, just sucking up real big time. CNN needs to be taken out. Yeah, that will worry about the real, the other evil. I can't watch her. Who's that? Mrs. Limbaugh? Yeah. And by the way, although I did before I flipped, just that she was standing up. They almost never show her standing up. Yeah. Percibuting her, her belt. Or was the her boobs? They hang lower than her belt. And they do their honours. That could be. Could come in handy, you know, like when she's sitting down. Turrentarino is the name of the game. Italy and media tell the tale of one city and two spellings. IOC and NBC go Italian. Others mix it up for the Olympics. This is an article in today's tomato starry. Turrentarino, that is the question. You say tomato, I say tomato. I say Turrent, you say Turino. If you're Italian, you can say Turino. If you're like an Italy, if you're speaking Italian. If you're speaking Italian, huh? If you're speaking Italian, if you're a primary language. If you're like an American or like some dumb frog. For example, I mean, I'm trying to think of a way to express it. But like Spanioli, that's the Spanioli. That's the Spanioli that's Italian for a Spanish. Right? To them, Sam? Right. We're like the various countries. I mean, Spaniac. It's Spanish. Right? We say Havana. Not Anna. Right. How it's Spanish. Spaniac. It's Spaniac. Right. It's Spain. If you live in the city hosting the winner-all of the things. Turino. If you live there. Same if you're watching NBC. In this paper, in the Toronto star, it's Turrent. Oh, how do you like that, eh? USA Day? To be honest, I say today, Turino. Listen to CBC. Well, the city is Turrent, but it's C Turino games. There, it's CBC. You're all over the place. It wasn't Roma. It wasn't Munchen for Munich or Max V. For Moscow. But Valentino Castellani, chief of the Olympics, organized and committed for Turrent, said it decided a year ago with NBC to give an attided identity of these games. That is the lamest excuse. Mm-hm. As a child, it referred to New York as New Oval of York. He said, well, that's his problem. Okay. What else do you need to be screwing up the rest of us? Now, we all say New York. You said, I would like that after these games. People remember Turrent as Turino. What? He, you don't get it. He doesn't understand it. It all depends on what language you're speaking. I mean, because people speak Spanish or Italian or French or whatever, they don't refer to New York as New York. You jackass, you idiot. You're fair, exactly. God, what a moron. Hey, Germany. There's another good example. What do they call it? What is who called, Deutsche Land? Exactly. Right. We don't do it to our land. Right. You better get with Deutsche Land, Mr. Yere, you know what? That's for you. That's right. Let's see. WADNA, the mic in Mike, or what does that mean? Mike and me. He's just putting ESP in radio on there. Jim Sarnys favorite. He's working real hard to get that Evan Cohen hired on our station. Nobody ever heard of him. Evan Cohen. Good Jewish board. This will be an other Jew on here. Good God. What do you think about that idea? Or WDNA. Is that still on here, 88.9? And what is it? I don't know. Do we want to put like KPS on there? Okay. I can't go anywhere. Let's put WKPS. WDNA. WDNA. The mic wasn't on the show. Hey. I wish I could pick up either one of those stations. But I can't. And with your idea of print organizations have decided to do a buy by longstanding style guidelines to Englishize foreign place names when writing an English. It's the shot. Oh, yeah. That's right. All very good example. Leave it to the this guy. Mm-hmm. It's the shroud of terrain. For instance, not the shroud of Torino. And when the world comes to Germany this summer, we will write that games will be played in Munich. Are youißed to retire or show a phrase that was not known for the destroyer's movie or the prison and the location for Russia'sいや. Oh. It's Maria a critical point. So Why do you go on that really so far? So why would you call music aimed at Ultima as Parks chief? So what do you say it would be like to read children? Hello people. Yeah. Good intentions, cause, do not care which consumed this habit. Yeah. Good question. Yes? Yeah. Your job as a person is just to say the hard mission of Amazelle Young. and cities. We write about Rome and Florence not Rome and Faranza looking ahead we'll write about the 2008 Olympics and Beijing. I hate to even think how the Chinese fella. I think yeah NBC which has broadcast right to the 2016 went with Torino after NBC sports German Dick ever saw visit the former national capital. Dick was hearing the way the locals were saying Torino and how it's so magnificently Italian how it rolls off the tongue. Torino said Mike McCarley, Vice President of Communications and Marketing for NBC sports, he decided on that trip we would call Torino. Again a really half-assed excuse for getting it wrong. You know he decided. And that great all these individuals making up a crap. And again maybe nitpicking and I don't like nitpickers or no stickers, I'm going to tell you right now, it's right across my ass because it is not Torino. Even the official website of the Olympic movement reveals division on the issue we're referring to Torino 2006 but the city has Torino. Sportsman Mark Dolly said yesterday the organization follows AP style guidelines but also wants to use the official name of the games. The CBC and Radio Canada taken slightly different approaches. The English public broadcast is calling the event. Torino 2006 and the Torino games to reflect the IOC decision to accept the Italian and it uses Torino to describe the city where it be happening. Does that accentst you know? No. With the possible acceptance of some graphic elements, the French broadcast to refer exclusively to Torino 2006 at Radio Canada's post-person Gulain O'Ferro. A Then of Ferro! We are doing French and also using the name of the French. Creed St. Olaf. Jint St.I,wise the Anacodoneian who told Holas Extraord the people from the Communist Party. But the English connected kevin who lets Carlos and Walleye Sinton. I guess the reener to me sounds like it would be a city in Italy. Turin could be what color color is not Italian. I don't care how you just said it. That's not correct. Sorry. Well, that's not Italian. It's his name. What? Crystal ball colon. No. Colone colon. Spastic? It is now. I guess to read to me sounds like it would be a city in Italy. Turin could be any number places. Germany France. It doesn't have a particularly Italian sounding sound to it. Put it that way. Well, that's a good excuse. We don't like the way it sounds. It doesn't sound schmalsino. So let's call it Torino. Why not say it properly? That's right. Call it Turin. You jackass. You don't have to get the pronunciation 100% right now. Right on to make the effort called Torino said Turin is appreciated. Said this jackass. This idiot. That would be by saying Turin told that there is a original Turin. Turin is in Italy. Turin told is how they said. They don't say that here that way. See what I'm saying? Get it right. Idiots. All the excuses. Some individual makes something up in the world's arms right on you. NBC. Dick ever saw is the anti-Christ. Stinking NBC. Hope the peacock gets a bird flu. Okay. 659 votes on our poll today. Very important and scientific survey to find out what's going on. 69 the ends of matter. Fact we're going to make a thousand in a day Josh. Josh there is an happen. No, I'm here. You waiting for the food? We have an order. Anything yet. Well, why not? I don't know. We have four for the other. I don't know. We have four for the other. I'm the melting pot, man. But these guys went to the melting pot. Now which one was it still? So the one at four lottery. I'll write out four letter. I'll write it out. I'll write it out. I'm just raving about how great it was on and on. It really took a little while not just dipping it and dunking it in the now it's more elaborate than it arranged to be used to be fairly simple and straightforward. Now they use the double boilers to keep everything the same temperature and rate. It's just then again, all the different flavors and you dunked marshmallows with gram cracker crust into all kinds of raspberry chocolate. You'll see the things. They don't come into it, boy. Good thing I'm not there. I'll take it that. That would finish. I want to fill it. What video showed you this morning before 10 before you and of course you better be listening to the show. We're going to be really piece T piece off. Hank 143. None 97. There you go. Era America 88. Who they got on the morning? Do we have any idea? We don't care. NPR 83. Howard Stern, they're serious. 70 9.8% of this crowd. Listen down serious in the morning. Joe Rose 51, Ron and Paul 46. Bob and Tom 45. And spite of what that guy said that to we're into that school bus. All the music station 29 WOD 14. All right, wings all the time. No speaking in glazed station 11. XM 10. What I can't wait for all over all day. Howard Stern Pirate 6. They're stealing it. And I commend them highly. Why don't I why why pay for it when you get it for free? I already knew 2. Magic one or 2.75 WFTL4. Mr. Ego Steve Kane. He's still stuck on 2 on a station that even he doesn't know the colors. Why 1002 power 961. Mike and Mike in a morning. That's ESPN Radio None and WKPX None, Pypar High and VOM nobody is listening to Mike Rosen-Tolish. How about the game room? I heard it said it's a doll. This is the new Roger Show. Service Cint okay anything. I got to be the king of journalism now and is this being the king? Sure, that's right. I'm the king. I know I got to interview you. It's a big deal and stuff, but that is. Can I ask you one thing? Dead. Who are you? What do you think I am, Lulubrain? It's on a spot whole scene. What's going on? The same as I'm fire! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's a little bit... It's a little bit... There was a fire. And it's like that. Yeah, I love it all too. At 5.60WQM, but it's definitely an angel. It's a week when you do it. I got everything I wanted to know about. Christopher Columbus, except his name, his really name. Oh, because I found a biography that's got him as a Jew. Jew made that up. No, it was going to print it up into the city. Christopher Columbus, who's that picture? Josh Columbus. What else is name? He ran out of the room for some reason. Possibly because of that. But I'm kidding. I don't know where he went. You ran out of the room? You ran out of the room? The brain got a nice infrelegible input here. A little input out for Lulubrain's foresight for Tease. And he's out there dittling around. Probably dropping some of that melting in the pot. Anyway, he was born in January 1451, instead of a low-book merchant and weaver. I didn't know Bob Weber was that old. I like that. Swims is sure when his ship was sucking a battle off for April 1476. I don't want to go through this whole thing until we get to the Cuba Park. Uh, joins his brother Bartholomew, a cartographer in Lisbon in 1476. In Lisboa. By the way, that's how they say it over there. Lisbon? See, not Italy. Next fortune for ages is far as Iceland and Guinea in 1477-82. Guinea. 1484 conceives of the enterprise of the Indies but failed the convinced King John of Portugal to back the plan. 1485, who moved to Estepania. 1492. For then, his Velocaptor grenade had less more city in Spain. Oh, let the last Malvina's that is. There's that to talk to the Germans. I'm sorry. Let's invade grenade and we'll worry about to talk to the Germans. All right, it confused. He parts from Paulo's Spain, New Huelva in 1492, uh, uh, martyte. The parts, the Canary Islands, after repair and re-refit, uh, June 9. New World cited the two o'clock in the morning on December 10th by Rodrigo de Triana, somewhere in the Bahamas, man. Somewhere in the Bahamas. See, if he had been Jewish, they would let him in there. And then, uh, now I got my dates wrong. We're using the, uh, October 29th, 1492 arrives at Cuba. Cuba. It's good to have you, but see. November 22, 1492, martyne al-anso pizón. Captain of the Pinta desserts, the air-spedition of Cuba, and with an into the Pinta in the Santa Marinta. Right. And then the third voyage, when he got to his panola, he was arrested in October 1500. Arrested in San Homen, he was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man. He was a man, he was a man. That's right. He wasn't really in ice. Anyway, he was faster. Columbus. That's what I heard. When I was just reading some of this stuff online. Arast at St. Hoodemingo, his préαρό 1950-2. He arrived at the Musquito Coast, which is now called Nikata Agua, where he was at and the SQ. By the way. Yeah, where you go in this article that I said, you uh, QR SCR, QR SCR from Jamaica in 1504, returned to Spain in November 7504 and died that Validolid Validolid and uh, 1506 is the second article that I found saying that he was a view who changes his name to conceal his identity because in that time not only were these standards fighting the moors, but they were uh certain you know on fire anybody who wasn't a Catholic I see anybody who was anti-Sumansic or anybody who was anything except a screaming Catholic. Are you starting again with that anti-Campion propaganda? We didn't have done he was here. And then at the dentist down a hole he's gonna get it. How did that go? No torture moda was uh up and running in those. Ha ha ha ha ha. Are you talking about our attorney general again it's bad. That's a descendant. According to most historians, Christopher Columbus or Christopher Colombe is or Christopher Colombe is in Spanish. He that wasn't that that was not his name that was the name he changed it to as this thing says. That was his Spanish name. It was not born Christopher Colombe. That was the name he changed. I can't even know the name. I can't even know the name. That's what he's been saying. I've got another story that has his original name as Christophario Colombo. Colombo. Colombo. Any word a crappy or trench code. Guess he did and he had a glass eye. Right. Was born in general alien. I see it could say genova. Genova. But it says genova. Because that's the way we said. And Italy it's the genova. Which is also way up there and nobody wants to go there in the in northern and the house. In 1451 there's a little country evidence about the background of the man who came to be known as the discover of America. Some of speculated that Christopher Colombe was not even as real name. A current theory being discussed by historians is that Colombo Smith actually been Jewish. And a time when Jews were being expelled from Spain. Well, how do you like that to Jews discovered America? I told you. Do you believe it? Sure. The threat of a spouse may have been enough to persuade Colombo's to change his name and identity in order to fit in with the of Graham. If this is the case he hit his Jewish identity so well that historians until recently had no doubt that he was Christian. What is in everybody except the course for those rabies Muslims. It will be said or I'll bet out a shave about Doomsbury. His ancestry aside historians have not yet been able to print point the exact date of location of his birth. While prominent fiber for Samuel Morrison claims that Colombo Smith was born between August not what we don't care about the engine over. Other researchers have made very different claims. They suggested dates of his birth of the range of Missouri as 1436 was there as 1455 kind of like Johnny Bauer. Nobody knows when it was really born. With these two extremes Colombo Smith would have been setting out on his voice to America's Yermy's 37 or his own footless 56. To imagine that in the time of plague in poor health, a man could live into his 70s. The later date would place Colombo Smith's 70s over his death is unlikely. Most historians agree with Morrison's choice of birth date. In fact, Colombo Smith made many amelette Morrison's which is probably what led to his death. I thought it was syphilis. Was that what it was? Did he have syphilis cut up from the engines? That was their gift to us. I thought maybe he was smoking him cancer sticks. And of course that was just before George Washington started tapping phone calls in America. 560560 pound five 60 reburized in cigarette arrivals line. Who said it's not an educational show? It kind of orders a lieutenant general Russell on a way there in all means. Well he's a real dodo bird man. In fact he I think I saw him in Southern comfort. I think he was in there. He was going to star as a net movie real dodo bird. Maybe he was a K-doll. That whole thing done. I just got a story about him. About how black people may not be coming back at all. But how no means may be vanilla and scutted chocolate. W2AM hello. Meals. Yes. Got delkies for race. Derek Hayward. I don't care where you are or what I have to do. But I will find you. Still several. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. That was very good. I like that. Put that kind from 2 to 4 for the mad dog warm-up show. Speaking of that we got guilty of day 2 to 4. Well nothing's perfect man. Nothing's perfect. You got any unexpected company. This is a squeaky mouse and a house. You can't find it. 560 pound five 60 and a Verizon singular. Wireless line. Christopher Columbus. And that reminds me that the whole world is Jewish. I wish I had to still hand that out. You can't get it nowhere. No. That was great. When you were loved the whole world is Jewish. Remember you said that song. Right. And I get terminated that. What does that call? I don't think we got it. No more. Do we. We have a very. Very. We do have that. Yeah. Thunderdome. But we probably can't play that though. Can we? Well play it until you can't have been cut it. Oh. I don't think I got it in here. Don't cut. You got it. I got some autos. I got some drills in my life. Ha ha ha ha ha. The flag. Insights in my life. That's a bunch of things. I'm thrilled about my cards. Two quarterbacks. And I'm hungry. Well that's real thickness. But the thrill. The grails. Themes out the cloud. Was the thrilling evening, one I'd really win.saw and out. Can I get you a drop friend man? Was that one fitting. With a little flag? Oh you. Gary Bruce once was but couldn't retrieve us. We asked our little hope, We just left our micro scope. Just the K won't show it and you might as well as us all to willing to... No! Randy's gym once did, but then it wasn't too fulfilling. What?! Harvin's unsurced eyes, but can't believe us. George smiles all the wild and splint the smell as a matter of taste. The whole world's uncertain sights since I've now foreloat McGow easy on the carb bubbles since I've now foreloat me again. I'll leave me again, play a day day if you're hungry. Wow, that was emotional. I haven't played that in a long time. There was nothing there that... Joyce with the only one. You probably wouldn't be happy about the subject matter. About four skin. The nevertheless. What were we just talking about our four fathers? I think this we worked. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 7, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 9, 9, 9. We got to do a little break. Twelve minutes passed, let it a QAM. Valentine's days come up on Tuesday just a few days away. Last thing you want to do this weekend is spend the whole weekend at the mall. You're right in your head. Try to come up with a great gift idea. Here are three words for you. Vermont Teddy Bird. Call one of their birth counselors at 1-800-829-VR. And then help you pick out the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend or both. Don't live a right on Valentine's day with free chocolate and a gift card in their famous box. Ask about the love-vanded bear. The lover boy bear. The mad about you bear. The new red hot red neck. For about the price of a dozen roses you'll be giving her something she'll love forever. She'll be squeezing it. Vermont Teddy bears are the only bears handmade in American guaranteed for life. The rest of all are be thinking about you every time she hugs her bear. So make this the best Valentine's day over with a gift you'll love. Always remember call one-800-829-VR or shop online at Vermontt TeddyBird.com. Send a creative alternative to flowers and don't forget Valentine's day. Lover is still absolutely guaranteed. Tell that old meal totally to call one-800-829-B-E-A-R. One-800-829-VR. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixteen two-eight. This is made. What is this I think? An event in the public. Take power. An angel Joe Peshie? Yes. That's right. Well, I mean introduce myself. I know how it is made. The life-ful star and the board hole radio. We're selling balls here. Good for you. That is online. I want to get a f*** out of here. It's not like made a gosh. But can I take a picture of you? No. I don't want to picture. I don't want to. How about raping me? Break you. Yeah. You haven't done that yet. What? What do you? Some kind of clown? When you were when you're bleeding in a sentence? Okay, okay, a picture. A picture? You do hear when I told you no f*** you. Hold it. I think you're going to like this one. Silly. Silly. I said no f***ing. Who? Do you need that chance? Oh. Not my pohadores. Swing him. And I'm dead. Who? He? What's I in the room? No. No. No. No. 117 at 5.60 WCM boy. We missed him or what? No. Like a 400 pound tumor. Ready for more. Oprah XM hazard. For all you, uh, satellite radio geeks out there. Oh, yeah. It's going to be really great. And you're just missing the boat. Uh, Martha Stewart and Oprah and um, Linden Samuels. What a, what a star said line up. I think I Howard. I think I Howard. That's about it. Sounds great. Yeah. You'd pay for that one. Oh, Bartolo Colon. Bartolo. That's what I thought it was. I want to say it. Bartolo Colon. They mean he's can do a, uh, Christopher Columbus that Jewish sailor. I'm sure somehow. Because then that's, uh, what George leave not to? Yeah. He's taking a do. I see. Well, I tell him the melting a pot sent everybody right to the, uh, pot this morning. Is that where you were? I, I went last break. It's just turned I guess. Not what I'm talking about last break. You were, uh, a wall and now he's, uh, a wall. We're all to pot. I probably could play it about five seconds of that bit. Not no more. Oh. Yeah. That's about it. We'll get you a, if we played that whole thing. XM satellite radio assigned a three year deal with Oprah Winfrey's Harpo radio to launch a channel featuring the popular talk show host. He subscribed her radio company said today. Oh, my God. Amen. The deal is valued at 55 million according to writers. Oprah and friends, which will start broadcasting in September will feature a original programming from Harpo radio. That's Oprah, backward. Uh-huh. Including a weekly reality radio show with Winfrey and her best friend, Gail King. Who, XM research said in this statement. Gail King, I wonder if she's can do, uh, Larry. I doubt it. Daily programming on the channel will cover top is ranging. I bet you all those truck drivers that Joe Costello says, Listen to XM radio. They'll love Oprah. Okay. If you were like a big old truck driver and guy, grabbing a big rig. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to let all the truck stops meet in the greeting. Daily programming on the channel will cover top is ranging from nutrition and fitness to self improvement and current events. Several popular Oprah personalities including Bob Green. And talk to your Mammette Oz. We'll appear on the show. Whoever tell either one of them are. Oprah went for a, a prolific force in our culture, whose unprecedented achievements in TV film publishing in philanthropy. We're bringing amazing radio experience today. XM nation of subscribers who, Panerol, president and CEO of XM satellite, send the statement. When free is caught up, uh, big caught up recently in the media storm involving James Fry. Who admitted a lying to his teeth about many events and his memoir amending little lies and pieces. When free is selected the book for a popular book. Initially supported Fry. A later challenging author on her own show and criticized him for betraying readers in her very, uh, phony. In Dignan. Oh, you're making me look foolish. And I've only got a billion dollars. And I'll too bad open. And we, you think you're fooling somebody with that stem in craft. I don't think it meant, uh, Oprah's. I don't think she's doing anybody. So I got fear ass mountain here at Mounting. And I can't wait to watch it. Good. I can't wait for the report. I don't know. Maybe I'll watch it tonight. Maybe not. I guess I might have more morning. I'll give you my review on Buraz Mountain. Right. Especially the homie. I guess they want to look at events. The Tudino. Buraz Mountain. Could be using them, uh, poor bears that came all the way down because of the melting of the polarized camps. 5 6705 60 pound five 60 leave horizon singular. Wireless line. How many Q a m? Hello. First show is nothing without m. Okay. Great. How many Q a hand? Hello. Yes. I'm a good person. Yes. I was just going to add a little bit to the, uh, Christopher. I'm trying to, uh, I'm trying to relate. But, um, When we have a little bit late, never two light man. Okay. Well, let's say you're sorry. Christopher. This was definitely Catholic because he spoke a lot. And he didn't stick any spats. He's a big spash arrow, but it didn't stick any spash. I'll be damned. Yeah. So, you used definitely Catholic. And it is about the Queen. She loved me because he spoke glad. She knows best guys spoke glad. She loved speaking loud. I heard that all the Queen's love them. Uh, So, uh, let's just go and go around. Oh, I think they, they, We both, we both are in something that they have a great day, pal. All right. Thank you. Good Catholic boy. My little hot dog. I see that's Catholic. And you were to be me on your head. That's Catholic. How do I know what anybody really know? And who cares when you come right down? Well, I do do you bring that juice? Why do you bring that up? Oh, we're going to bring that juice up. You know that this was all very controversial. What's that? All this Christopher Columbus stuff because there are other theories that he was actually Spanish and not Italian after all. Oh, I've got a fabs here saying that. And then the fact saying that, uh, uh, most Jewish historians don't consider that Columbus was Jewish and, uh, and refuse that. And then the other one that I'll look at. Next thing you'll be telling me that Jesus wasn't Jewish. By the way, this one fives that's calling me an E. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm saying that the Europeans were the ones that gave diseases to the Indians. Yeah, but to see, syphilis was part of the, uh, was, uh, what do you call it? Like, the Indians had it, but they didn't really have any symptoms of it. You know what I mean? It was benign. And then so they gave, basically, this is quite a new UC. Yeah. So this looks like a senior wens is a person who called me an idiot. They're an idiot. George, learn your history right. I've used seen Philos. Haven't you seen the, like, uh, handpuppet that's in your wens. He's used to do. So I'd, sorry. That's what our, the water not. He looks like. But you know what I'm telling the truth. I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. Um, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, I'd like to be a flying a while during George's lunch with our boss on Monday. It's the first time George's, George's input has been requested or any input output back and forth, etc. The first time I've ever had, well, in eight years that a general manager has asked me a, uh, you know, Well, that's because I have to personally. My hand is going to remind you, didn't hate you like poison. And once you've got the fire to the, we should mic them up. Yeah. I don't want to hear this exchange. That'd be, but it would, but about. And of course, you know, if we did, uh, take a mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic. I don't hear Wimpad. I'm wired. He talks to big game, you know, on the air and, uh, way, but what he's sitting there face to face, Eat and that suitee. I'm sorry, what I'd say about, uh, but this facts me down a list of things to go. I know. No, no, I don't. I'm not going to put the words in your mouth or anything else. You see what I mean? You want to say whatever's on your mind. I don't want to put the words in your mouth or anything else. You see what I mean? Well, you think I don't show up on it and I've got to get better with it and I just do that a lot before. I just don't that kind of talk around the city that paradise thinks that I do believe that my crít can be worse than before. Really? Yeah. Is it just it. Well, Cud? Wait. No pie food? We don't get into this city. Let me get to the beach that city is. All the infrastructure is in this area. No, was not tough. Was, absolutely. Do you know that in there? Pretty sure. I am. Do you? You're fairie. How are we trying to about Duffer Norma? Let's say the rumors about Christopher Columbus being Jewish are thought by most Jewish authorities to be in correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. However, there's a strong indication that Columbus did have Jewish ancestry and followed some Jewish customs. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. But I didn't hit them. They also have a Jewish grandparents allegedly, like grandma or something like that. Yeah, somebody, some old Mubbacheke. It is known that the sailing of his first expedition was delayed because he waited until after they had a tissue buff. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. This is the best facts we've ever had. Thank you. How are the facts? And this is not how we've been debated. He delayed the sailing of his first expedition because he waited until after the Jewish holiday of Tishabov. I thought I was the only other person in the world that had even heard of Tishabov, which is the ninth of the Hebrew month of awe, remember it is that they have duty as more most things bad to place. Oh, God. This includes supposedly the expansion position, also launched in 1492, as well as supposedly the destruction of both temples to begin the Holocaust, et cetera. How do you like that? Never, ever do anything risky at Tishabov, right? Don't want to ship. Wow. Frank says, you are incorrect. You are correct. Christopher Columbus was Spanish, not Italian or from Portugal. Well, I'm reading it off the internet. So I don't claim to know any of this crap. OK? He changed his name to the fact that his noble family was at war with the Spanish monarchs. His ship was sunk in his survived. And I have wish-bladied changes name because he wanted to hide his true identity, who the fact that his family lost the war. The Spanish queen, I don't know many of them. Oh, yeah. What have never given him money for the voyage of stands why they talk like that. Gratif, Gratif. Hmm. What have never given him money for the voyage if he knew his true identity? Finally, he married a woman that was born to a noble family. Back then, if he couldn't prove your bloodline, you couldn't marry to a noble family. The person in Italy who was thought to be Columbus was from a peasant family, not noble. The whole investigation could be looked up on the history channel website, Frank. Well, if Frank did on the history channel, I have a field of, yeah, I'm leaning toward them. Nothing I care about any of this, but it sure feels fabulous time. And here's another one says, George, Lee, learn your history right. All of it says, Lee, well, you learn how to spell and judge the learned. That was a scrolling name. Europeans gave the diseases to the Indians, not the other way around. If you have one, syphilis, two of the common cold, three, lice, four, gonorrhea. I love this feeling of that. And more the diseases practically wiped W. I, oh yeah, this is called right, but what's that? Penmanship. Why did it out half the Indians in what is now? Uh, Haiti Dominican Republic Puerto Rico and Cuba. And others, they're almost right. I saw it as your every animal to that shower. I know they didn't shower. What do you mean did that shower? I guess. And they're used to it. Cyphilis was indigenous in the Indians and it was benign and then, but when the Europeans started having sex with the Indians, they got the Netherlands. One thing I'll say about America and about Canada. And that is that most people shower, at least once a week, a few months, you know. I suppose there's so many other places in the world. And of course, some of the people that come here from those places, like some of the people from Inja and Pakistan and some from the Middle East, also, they're very nervous about dropping that. So maybe it's kind of a cultural thing. There's this thing called body wash. You might want to try it. You just squeeze it, which reminds me of that. Find some new ascending body washes. I'm getting really, I'm going to really board with the United 10 bottles I got sitting on my counter during the shower, even the, um, the orange stuff. Whatever that is. Right. I just found the definitively. See, I've, uh, I just found the definitive list from what could the idea of Columbus names. It's for kind. I'll get a boy come back after the break. We'll do this whole. I didn't realize we're going to do this. And of course, you can never start planning to early for a tissue. 11 29 a Q. I'm when you're shopping for shoes, trying to make one trip. And that's the brandy shoes and pop out of the streets and stock up on great name brand shoes for you to hold family at unbeatable prices. At Brandy's you'll find all the top names. They got echo and four shaman rock port and S.A.S. New balance with fistO all the others and Brandy's professional shoveders will always make sure that you and everybody in the family gets a perfect customized video favorite come for two. Ask for Arnie. He'll take the best carry out there at Brandy's. The pros, their specialized in wide width as well. If you got big fat, platypus type feet. No problem. Looking at your perfect fit. So Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in time because they have an unbeatable combination all year round for comfort, sound fit, value by selection and brandy shoes where there's always something special going on. By the way, in the fine brandy's at 12.90 North federal highway in Pomp and Abitabits often daily Monday through Saturday till nine and Sundays till five. And this week's something special is it's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes. They 20 to 40 bucks off the retail price of all great S.A.S. men's and women's styles this week. So Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. Two. Eight. Part of a standby for news. It was this little girls first day of school and the teacher asked her what her name was. The little girl replied happy but the teacher said, honey, I don't think that's your name. Need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out. So the little girl went to the principal's office and he asked, what's your name and the little girl said happy but the principal called them other to get this straightened out once and for all. After getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said honey, your name is glad. It's not happy but then the girl exclaimed, glad ass happy but what's the difference? Paul Harvey. I know. Good day. What radio show he was in the morning before 10. That's our poll today. We got 815 votes. Hank 155. The Humper. None 115. A American 98. NPR 95. Howard sperm on Steerhouse, a studio 79. Joe Rose 64. Bob and Tom 53. They're not even in the market. That's pretty good. I said Bob and Tom ought to be on the morning. I think so. Thank you back to the afternoon. In fact, night dog back to 2 to 4 because we got to the mode him for a take one hour away after we didn't get the estimated channel six. On and 1252 other music stations 32. That Bob and Tom edge out right in Paul. They're not even in the market. Does that tell you a lot? Other music station 32 WOD18 all right wing propaganda all day. No speaking in glazed station 12. SM 11. They're waiting for Oprah. Mike and Mike in the morning eight. Manchip 102.7 Ricky Tickey is he still on the morning and there we don't know. 7 Howard Stern, Pirate 6 through a DBS means WFTL for Mr. Ego Stivo is still got the same two votes him and Brian Craig both voted they got to power 96 to a while 100 to KPX, Pepper High non and VWM non so evidently you're not the only one to camp pick up those signals right or the people listen to them don't listen to what's that's you know and of course the you went. Why would anybody on the U.M. campus listen to this show. Especially with our hospital editor attorney hurry can's right screw them. Now let's say somebody sent us all the different ways of spelling and pronouncing Christopher Columbus in 18 million languages. My favorite is the Georgian and the Japanese I love those. Yeah I don't know what those symbols are. But it's in it. Like the George I don't think I've ever seen that Georgian writing before. No. It looks like windings the Hebrew one I actually can read that Christopher Columbus. Okay. Yeah. Even though there's never little vowels on it. In fact a lot of those is really they what they need is a good vol movement like every else you're own anybody heard about his condition. It's like he disappeared. Poof he disappeared and I got this for you when you weigh 600 pounds like when you disappeared that easy it's really something quite accomplishment Latin Christopher and Columbus and I've heard all these Christopher for a columbal Italian from Tudino not really but it's just rolled in social small cement from Sicilia. Chris Doba colon in Espanual and by the way you can see was writing everything in Spanish because he was working for the Spanish that's that's the identity that he was using during that whole time. Chris Doba colon right. Colum and Chris Dob Columbus. Chris Dob Polish. Chris Dob Colum and it goes on all the different Turkish. Chris Dob Colum. No, sir. It's just can't come up with nothing originally. I like to still do like that Turkish taffy and we were talking about that and I haven't had it a hundred years which is good. It's probably still I have my teeth right. Notice I didn't send you why somebody brought you some. No. No, but we found it on the internet. I could have ordered. There's a lot of Turkish taffy real soon like extra sugar in it. He has ways. Well he's carrying on Hitler's work in it. You know, somebody's on the patio and never saw that before my life. Are they ruining you? The apartment of a bug me. No, I when you can't all I can see is the bottom of the patio where the overhead. But I meant about it. And it was a schmata that we were just like putting schmutz over the other the balcony there. Luckily it went right on my mind. Maybe it was like pigeon droppings or something like that. I think maybe I'll open the windows and not do a little trick here to pigeons because they might have that bird flew. Don't forget killer bird for Christ. It's a really good idea. 560, how do we get side track with all this Columbus stuff? Where did that even come from? We're at a conference. The whole terrain argument and how people have different names and different live with me. And of course you started with that crap on my tissue buff. That's right. WDQAM Hello. Oh, he must have his touch above the phone. WDQAM Hello. Yes. Hey, I got my serious stuff. I'm waiting for you to sign up. Yes, sign up. What? You get on the air. Sorry to be late. Okay. Hold your breath. Let's see what I want to exhale. I'm waiting for you to sign up. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560, and you've arrived in a wireless line. It's because he's got it. That's why I don't want to be on it. I want to catch nothing. I get the disease. WDQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing today? Okay, pal. I got a PSA. It takes the Earth's announcement. It's a fine figure. We're having a game. We don't know crime in thermopine. Sure, it is free. Just just east of 75. It takes five cops to shoot radar and I hope you'll all get cancer. Okay. Five. Five. There's shoot. And then Pembroke finds is one of the worst. The answer to the worst. Yeah. I remember one time, I was trying to think of the intersection. It was like a tap street and I want to say, Pines. Okay. I think I was coming back from that dust. I was like, coming my lunch from that. Smorgas board somewhere. And I went through the intersection and there was no stop sign there. And of course, it's a mirror flight and get killed. There's no light or no stop sign. And then the pork or pulls me over. He gives me a ticket. And I said, there's no stop sign. And we say, well, you should have known to stop there. Are you kidding me? No. You should have known to stop there. It's a major intersection. And he's, okay. So in other words, the psychic police. If you're not psychic, and didn't know that you're supposed to. And that was they screwed up. They didn't put the the DOT or whatever takes care of that. We better know your laws, but they're because they are. Because you sure don't. That's right. And I said, uh, happy she was. How many QA and hello? Hey, how you doing? Okay, Sally. I got two things for you. You know, all the movie polls we ever do. I never knew anybody bring up the man who would be king with Sean Connery and Mike. Very good movie. Really? That was a nice one. What was seen in George's saw. He said it was great. Yeah, it is one of the best ever. I don't know. We're making it the man who would be queen with Tom Cruise. Another thing is that never soon John mad and then he would be divine in the same little. What do you think? I tell you, you know, the giveaway when John mad and half time and a Super Bowl said, punk your magic, hang your owl. I'm like, oh, no. That's good. Thanks. Good point. Yeah, John mad and turn on. Rd and tell you how Hank I, you can tell the embarrassment is voice because he knows what I'm saying is true, but he doesn't want to go there because he's buddies with these people. They work for the same now. They feed out of the same trough. Which if Hank and mad and our volent must be a hell of a big trough. This is the real Roger. This is 5.6.2.8. Our David's a bit tough. Now, I'm gonna have to really agree with the things. With an apology for the apologies, with more apologies as we've been hearing of apologizing, Mr. Lucas Roger. Mr. Richard VWC. A M5. 50. I apologize. This apology for the last apology. That we apologize for the show of loyalty to our listening audience. I apprehended the boy, boy, the traders in this manner. I hit them over the head with a showable. I prefer to see them to drag their bodies into an abandoned building. I chumped a towel in both their mouths. And then use my shovel to shovel their legs. I was a show by a management that is driving this type of justice. So practically as I had was well within the fuel, Lieutenant, full guidelines of clean family and the paint. Not like thoughts, for this I am honored and grateful. Okay, that's all well and good. As nothing to do with that other one, which shows what we want to do. No, but the TaoChic and I, he said, losing it. Well, in 1945 at 560 WQA, and waiting here this is going to turn your head around. Just like Linda Blair was spinning round and round and like Perry Coleman. I'll come on. A little bit of Perry. Just a little teeny tiny bit. Wait, wait. Finally. Oh, boy. He got one out or one. No. He was a barber. He was used to making like sudden move. Find a weed. What a talking brand that goes round round round. There's a skins and long. Twice in the past four years, a top justice department lawyer, won the presiding judge of a sequence of aliens court. That information overheard in President Bush's eavesdropping program may have been improperly used to obtain wiretap Lawrence in the court according to two sources of knowledge of those events. Oh, my God. The revelations in Fury at the US history judge Colleen Coler Co. Telly, who like her predecessor, Royce Lamberth, had expressed serious doubts about whether the warless monitoring of phone calls and emails herded by Bush was legal. Both judges had insisted that no information obtained this way would be used to gain warrants from their court. According to government sources, both have been assured by administration officials that it would never happen. The two heads of the foreign intelligence surveillance court were the only judges in the country, briefed by the administration on Bush's program. The president's secret order issued sometime after 9.11 attacks allows the NSA to monitor telephone calls and emails between people and US and contacts overseas. James Baker, the Council for Intelligence Policy and the Justice Department's Office of Intelligence Policy and Review. discovered in 2004 that the government's favorite insurance information about its fine program had rendered useless. A federal screening system that the judges had insisted upon to shield the court from tainted information. He alerted Coller Co. Telly, who complained that justice prompted a temporary suspension of the NSA's fine program, the sources would be saying. Yet another problem in 2005 warred application prompted Coller Co. Telly to wish away stern order to government lawyers to create a better firewall or face more difficulty obtaining warrants. The two judges' tougher with the NSA's fine program was previously known but this new account reveals the depths of their doubts about its legality and their behind-the-scenes efforts to protect the court from what they considered potentially tainted evidence. The new accounts also showed that agreed to which Baker, a top-and-taught judge's expert at justice, shared the reservations and aided the judges. Both judges expressed concern to senior officials that the president's program have ever made public and challenged in court. Renée Significant Risk of being declared unconstitutional. Let me say it again. Being declared unconstitutional. That's a court who has sources submitted with the actions. Yet the judges believe they did not have the authority to rule on the president's part order to be used dropping government sources said in focused instead, I'm protecting the integrity of the FISA process. I like that. That's why Carol Roe was one of my like a chicken with his head cut off. Trying to get to these Republican senators. Don't do it there. You've got to go to the court and get him peached and put him in your ass. He's going to be grasped without the hula skirt. And then of course he's got to go on here again today. Making up this crap about the LA library tower and how they just plan to sanction this. And of course he didn't bother to mention all these terroristies. I'll cut a lunatics at Bombay West as coal in 94 and just escape today's you're in Yamon. How do you like that? Yamon. Yeah. And we're still at loose and other navy over there is peeing in their pants because they anticipate that these people are tining more hijinks and lodging and a bomba grommet. How do you like that? So we can't catch most of them. And then the ones that we do catch we'll ought to be hanging out somewhere in some a tentor old country. And they just do it. Just kind of like, you know, Mozi on out. Yeah, but why do you hate America? U.S. plans massive data sweeper. You'll never guess who wrote this article for the Christian Science Mander. That be Canada. Mark Clayton. Who? I'm sure Josh remembers Mark Clayton. See even Georgia members Mark Clayton and Superduper. What's he doing right in this crap? He's not. Oh. Different guy. Same name. Different guy. Like Christopher Colombo. Chris. Maybe they're talking about Chris. Chris. I could be one leading drivers. Chris. Chris. Thomas. Oh, he is Greek. But nevertheless. U.S. government is developing a massive computer system that can collect huge amounts of data and by linking far-flung information from blogs and email to government records and intelligence reports search for patterns of terrorist activity. A massive computer system. Got that? I got the system parts of which our operational parts of which are still under development is already credited with helping to force some plots. I'm ready to plot just read this. It's the federal government's latest attempt to use broad data collection powerful AA analysis in the fight against terrorism. But by delving deeply in the digital minutia of American life, the program is also raising concerns that the government is intruding to deeply in a citizen's privacy. What else is new? We don't realize that as we live our lives and make little choices like buying groceries, buying on Amazon, Googling, we're leaving traces everywhere to lead 10. We're turning with the electronic frontier foundation. We haven't added to that no one will connect all those dots, but these programs are about connecting those dots and analyzing an aggregate in a way that we haven't thought about. It's one of the underlying fundamental issues we have yet to come to grips with. The core of this effort is a little loan system called analysis dissemination visualization inside and semantic enhancement known as advice. What a nice acronym. Why? Only this one is advised with no consent. If you public documents mentioned advises of research and development program with the VHS, Homeland Security, part of its three year old threat and vulnerability testing and assessment portfolio, the TBT, we see nearly 50 million bucks in federal funding this year. While the people in the Orleans, of course, are starving and can't go home and are getting kicked out of the motels. The HS officials are circumspecting when talking about advice. I've heard of it said Peter Sand, director of private tech, not power on privacy technology. I don't know the actual status right now, but it's a system that's been discussed, something we're involved in at some level. And is that their monitoring news what it is? Everything you do, every time you take a BN, every time you take a shower, every time you drop the soap, squeeze the body wash bottles to tight, whatever you're doing. That's right, if you're squeezing the tube tight, they're monitoring it and they're marking it down. Just like it QAM man, just like VZL. And we had that whole big episode there that whole conglies episode. Yeah, and Duff got wrote up because he had to be single, that's it to be the scapegoat. So they had to write it up in his file. You don't want to get written up when you work for Beesley. Oh, brother. 560, 050, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. I'll tell you, it ought to be who asked them, no email from the room can't buy the way. Too busy being a radio star of it, earthy Floridian, with a bunch of silly old fags from the courthouse. Just tragic, yeah? And he also wants to send his regards to Charlie Chris and Mark Foley, Norma said. Do Ferry. 560, 050, 050, 60 in the Singular and Verizon Line. Got guilty of two of the mad dog and a apologize for two and a half hours. To his close personal friends at Channel 6, that was it. And finally, yesterday, from what you told me. For some good based on what you said. Josh. Robert, Bill, do you want to QAM? Hello. Oh man. Do you want to QAM? Hello. QAM. Hello, me. QAM. Hello. Okay. It's a go over down guy. On the movies, I won that, also stood out was the line and winchers. Captain Huffer. What about what is that mean? What pull was that? What did he do to that? Maybe it's stood out. You were talking about, you were talking about movies that you could see over and over again. Right. I see that. That's the one you're talking about yesterday's pull. Sorry about that. No, no, be sorry. What was it, cancer and hamper in one? It's called the line and winchers. Captain Huffer and Tanya. Okay. Okay. Now that's good. I never saw it. Don't get so sensitive. Have a great day. Good idea. Do you see the line and winchers with cancer and hamper? Yes. And it's all right. It's one of those, you know, you want to see it again? And again, no, no. Is this wrong? Tathar and hamper and kind of bug and her voice. And Jimmy's story. Thank you. The last day. Catherine Huffer. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're out. Oh, you're good. Oh, you're good. Oh, you're good. You're good. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. It's a number of grown-up. I was going to go there. You was giving me Stewart in the joy. So not really sure. I don't think there was Kate. She wasn't trembling enough. Line 9. QAM, hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, I pulled up. I was thinking, you know, I love it. How you guys use joy to imply other words in an offensive way. Yes. I was thinking another great one to use would be for Rush Limbaugh. Getting rushed from behind or, uh, Sounds like something you're, uh, helping for. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He wants to get rushed from behind and then raped it. I think it's what he means. You know, like the sneak attack. Well, we're going to get a little bit of joy. Okay. You know, these people are just with Rush and with Howard and with us when we're now. You just stick with us, okay. Well, what's the good our own stuff? We had enough trouble with joy. So that we're in about some fat ass, pill pop and hypocrite liar. Some doctor shopping piece of turd. What the, no, no, no, no. Oh, there's a great article on our website. I think it's for tomorrow. I believe I sent you a, for me, former Dido Hayden. Dido, you see. No. No, you, Josh, did neither because I think it's for tomorrow. I could have been for today, but I missed it somehow I'm smoking smurfling kink. Confessions of an ex dido head. See anybody who says that, you know, like dido. The, what they saying is there on the one on you know. Yeah, all of us, although that's most people. Right. Most people go a lot of thing for themselves. Most people want somebody else. It all. What's to think? How to dress? You know, be a snappy, dresser like me, okay. Don't be walking around where like a, uh, in swadling clothes. Are you wearing the plaid boxes? the poca dots. I don't have no poca dots. Dr. What are swaddling clothes? Can we down with? Wasn't a baby Jesus in swaddling clothes? Do you really want to? Yeah. Come on, let's hear about. We're hearing about Christopher Columbus. Maybe Christopher Columbus so was once in swaddling clothes. I think sometimes walk around in swaddling clothes. That's right. I've been accused of that. Waddling all over the place. Yeah, the beast, whereas swaddling clothes. Swaddling is something you do. It's wrapped up like loose clothing and then you swaddled the child up in them. You swaddled? Yeah. Don't you? No. Better call a dress and say, see we can say that. Or see we can do it. All right, let's say it. Try not to try not to swaddled. I can't say you want a little bit. Yeah. You're a better. In fact, it's on walk this way by aerosmith. And then of course, they see me. And oh, not that way. Walk this way. Kind of like the movie La Cajja Fol. You never saw that. Not the original or the, you got to see the original. That's a good thing. You'll peeing your pants. That's better. You know? It's like one of the funniest movies ever in history of the human race. Isn't it subtitled though? So what difference is it make? No. Just. This is the same guy that came in a solid dance for life. It wasn't Wayshee got a seat for me. Got out of it. I have a bike. I had just a little bit. And you know, it's helping you. You'll still peeing your pants. Doesn't that make up. But it's just. It is hysterical. Hey, then I'll find out who's a decorator. Well, there is no faggotorn in this movie. That must have been a remake. That Robin Homesething, whatever that was. I didn't see it and I wouldn't watch it. I saw some of the clips from it just stupid. La Cajafold did not need to be remade. Anyway, does the scene is where he like there? Is there any cafe or whatever? He tells him to walk like John Wayne. He's trying to butcher his partner. Because the son, it is a complicated story. But the son is coming all the way in the family. Yeah. And anyway, so he gets up and he goes to the doors to the back room of this cafe. And he walks through like a real missing quases. I said John Wayne, not pay Wayne. Is it cute? You have to. Or maybe he's talking about Marion Wayne. This is Neil Rogard. Talk about Wayne. That's, he's 5. 16 games. This is at a Homeland Security Tom Ridge. Advising you to put duct tape on your radio. When I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers. The Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. And now, another verse of some liberty poetry. He is a tale of lunacy that's by Scientology. Your brain cells left in Tom Cruise covered for they were stolen by El Ram Hubbard. When Tom speaks his mouthed phones affirming his love for Katie Holmes, upon the couch he jumps with the he thinks he's saying remarkably. His mind looks like a ren-war mural for a hippy-ding Katie in F-a-dural. He says others don't use their brain when it's Tom himself who is insane. He calls Matt Lauer cold and flared when it's he who needs a dribble bib. His lady friend smiles her foolish smile. She's no smarter than bathroom tile. The eyes to close her teeth as you perhaps he has the avian flu. Feel free if you must disagree with the teachings of Scientology, but on this my friend we can find Common ground their level of brain damages pro-fowl. The facts are strange the future shady. Full crazy Tom and Beyonce Katie. This says be another verse of celebrity poetry. Oh, speaking of that, speaking of... International warships under the command of the US Navy move today that he waters off. Yaman, Yemen attempting to block possible escape routes for 23 prisoners of escape last week. The ship station about 14 miles offshore will patrol busy international waters near. Yaman. You know something and where we time I play that he actually is saying. Yaman. He's not saying, yeah, he's saying, yeah, Yaman. Yeah. Yeah. The vessels voted the area within the last 48 hours under the control of the US Navy central commanding Bahrain, which is where Michael Jackson say and I've seen connected dots. Interpol, the international crime fighting organization said at least 13 of the 23 year escape last Friday were convicted al-Qaditir as some of whom were involved in the attacks on the US as Cool and uh, friendships. Among the escapees were they reputed mastermind of the Eccola attack, General Gamal Ahmed Badawi and Jabra Al-Bana. A lot of tuber-dabra. Badawi was sentenced to death in September 2004 for orchestrating the cool. Well, you know something, he sentenced to death 10. Oh, okay. Anyone to escape next time. You idiot. Al-Bani is charged in the US with Friday material support to terrorist and was a member of a senior Buffalo New York. But at the right, you sure he was. So I'll hold show on that. Then I'll hold thing about the sales and Detroit and Buffalo is totally total bullcraft. But hey, we we have wanted that uh attack at the LA library tower. And so we've got to be listening to all your call. Open all your mail. I'm checking out all your abm. Yeah, right. Fascism runs the US make no mistake about anybody out there deluded to think that you've got a democratic government anymore. You're in any of it. You had two presidential elections stolen right and brought deal. There's absolutely no confidence that there would be another for election. That's the right I've read a couple weeks ago about the the way that they can dittle the uh deal or the all the voting machines now. That and nobody cares. That's the best part. Nobody cares. Here we got a bunch of ragheads rioting because somebody told him to get pissed off a bunch of stupid cartoon some of which weren't even legitimate just fabricated. And they're like carrying on and burning buildings and killing people. And you murk in public. They got two presidential elections stolen back to back side by each. And they're like, oh, look who wanted Grammy's lies. Like you two swept the Grammy's all boy. Sure, right. I missed that. You're close. I stayed away long enough to uh it would buy and to give that money back. Just just so I didn't have to see the Grammy's. Not that I would have watched it. You must have didn't you? Yeah, it was. You must have noticed. He was a smoking power. I was a hitman. Were you dipping it? Dip it in dive in. What the hell was that? New year's day, but that's the bed. It's what? What? New year's day? Yeah. Isn't that like right and right after Tisha-Ball? Wait a year, this? Who's another one? You're going to have to get a bag pretty soon. Pretty soon. I sure could be out. All right. Fucking dumb. Well, Ben Salle, have avoided the scratchy trod and even had no cough drops today, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, is soon ahead of silence, soon then she won't figure it out Whatever situation we've done, the reizers, the roots, here we, here we are, aии, a enjo sum on what screen what don't you believe that been threatened, defeated, climate comment on letter and said pointed to Mars to which the British Bush avoided directly including Brown among his advisors. At the time, Bush defended his administration's stance on withholding some information, saying, well, they're always withholding everything because it's a secret government. It's a secret government. It's a secret government. Everything's a secret. Save the safety. Save the safety. Saying they're providing all the material would chill the ability of presidential advisers to speak freely. Right. Why not say it's given 15,000 documents about the Sturmursponste to send investigators. Brown has said to testify tomorrow, and has said it in Korea of the slow government response to Katrina. Senator Julie Brumann of Connecticut, who blasted the White House last month for what he called attempts to stonewall the Senate in Korea, said he expects Brown, now I private citizen to answer every question that committee puts to him truthfully. Otherwise, I don't think so. He's got like, you know, get by hang or death by electric chair. I see no basis for him to refuse to answer any of our questions. I hope the White House will not try to direct him not to answer our questions. Lee Brumann said, you know what he said just after he finished saying that? Yeah. Being the equivocating law for that he is, him and John Kerry my ass. Contact at Wednesday Brown referred questions about the letter to his attorney, Lester. Is that like, oh, you know, there might be a inspectorless stride. Remember inspectorless stride and shot our homes? No. Because I'm the too many lester. I'm a regerelester. I'm sure chicken I remember him on the night show. I think he did the first night show, Jerry Lester. You know, Lester Greenshirt. And a Lester Pearson. The lawyer described his client as between a rock and a hard place. Rock solid. Between the administration's reluctance to disclose certain high-level communications and Congress's right to demand it. Mr. Brown has been testified before Congress if he received no guidance to the contrary. Will there was any sentence should do? And as to answer all questions fully, completely and accurately, Lester said. Someone in the situation officials are refused to refuse by sending investigators or defy to answer even seemingly innocuous questions about times and dates of meetings and phone calls for the White House. Everything is a big secret. Senator Susan Collins and public in a main another whiner said if the problems have been addressed earlier, the response to the Katrina could have been better organized and perhaps we could have lessen the devastating impact on the people of the Gulf Coast. Could have should have been what have been didn't do it, didn't do it. The zaster. And they still have them off the surface. No matter how many the zasters there are, it's always the same. Always comes back to the same crap. Safety, safety, safety. We're always fighting this mysterious war on terror against this unnamed enemy. That was a harmony. For this side of the next day, it's somebody else and of course now it's a solemn. Even though he keeps running out of court, it's still solemn and Gamora. 560, 560, 560, he Verizon, Singular Wireless Line. Don't see these phones smoking off the look here today. It's very weak, very, very weak. And very sad. Double DQAM, hello. I guess I had this number, my car. I guess you had this number in your call, right D? Yes, me, D. No, okay. This is a radio station. This is WQAM, you're not listening to that? That's who I want to speak to them. What do you mean you had the number in your call, ID? What is that mean? From when you call it an yesterday. I don't know, it's just on my call, right D. Maybe you had it on your call, right D, did I try to call it you? And I got it. Maybe we were calling you back. Oh. But I doubt it. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. Speaking. Oh, it's real. Yeah. Yeah. A. Hi, Neil. Love your show. Been a loyal listener for many, many years. All right. And actually, it's the only time I turned off the TV. It's a retired, oh, yeah. I'm only 40, but I invested very well. Excellent. And, uh, how many minutes did it take? It's a big bag of money. Yeah, I got a big bag of money. And the size that I got to house here, and how stuff's to read, et cetera, et cetera. Three. But, uh, I wanted to speak to him about Columbus. You're talking to him. This is me. Why do you keep following me? I'm talking to me in a third person. I'm sorry, Neil. I'm sorry, but don't do it again. I didn't realize it was you. It's me. It. Where I wanted to tell him was he was definitely fanitious. I read both of his. And he was definitely Catholic. Yeah. In fact, he had his own little thing on his shift. And first of all, the queen would not have fun with him. If he was doing it, it wouldn't have fun with him with the ships. Yeah. If it wasn't to the fact that he was fanitious and that it was Catholic. He was sitting in his direction. There wouldn't have fun with him. Maybe he was fan sports. He used to attend Jewish Catholic. He was Catholic. He was Catholic. Maybe he had little Jew in him. Maybe he was in thanks, pal. And be sure and tell the caller that it was a pleasure talking to him. Wow. He kept saying it. Even after I told him, he's talking to him. Oh, tell him. Right. You know, who did that song? Tell him. Tell him. Tell him. Remember that. I know something about you. Oh, that was a barbege George. I know. Is that the song I'm saying it out? Barbege George. I know. But it is. It was on an orange label too. I'm looking. Barbra George. Never trust. Like, you know, you're the Bush one, Barbra George. I know. Is that it? I know. I'm saying, no, that's not the song. That's not I know by Barbra George. That goes in different ways. Who is this way? Tell him. That's the name. I think by the exciters. See, yeah, that's that's Barbra George. And I know. The death not the song I was talking about. That was by the exciters. And I was just doing a great talk up and you stopped playing it. Jesus. Christ, you're a sheep. Look at for the exciters. I think that's it. Is that it? Tell him by the exciters are my wrong about that. It's not coming up. Let's be quick. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I mean, well, you were not going to have it anyway. So how are we going to know what Taylor Lewis are? Tell him, uh, I wasn't coming up. Well, too bad. Tell him, like, I did tell him by the exciters. What I said, I want to mine. What a mine. What year? So we were with crap. I had two ladies to the book on the floor. I don't know. I think, I don't know. Certainly after 60. Oh, well. 1214 at 560 WQM and it comes to manfaces. Lot of gimmicks on there these days. The latest are sleep numbers. Otherwise, no one is air mattresses. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak. They top. They can lose their setting to revive. And they cost a fortune. If you want to really high quality brand name mattress that lasted for years and years with no BS, then call the great folks at dialometres at 1-800 mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get no run-or-rounds, no showroom shenanigans. Just factory direct unbeatable prices on the best brands you know and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can choose from Florida's biggest inventory of silly and sorta, Simmons King coil, tempered pedic tyrants and fostered a human, even morons of her to all these brand names. Already for a single delivery, it prices lower than the so-called big name chain stores, even during their so-called big sales. So call 1-800 mattress. You can have the big you want delivered the date and time you want. You pick today in the two-hour window and they deliver right to you. They toss it right through the window. So many people include a yours truly a QM-Sandestide customers and I guarantee you, I'll bet you Todd Rice Life on it that you will be too. Call today 1-800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S, leave off the last S-B-Cosod stands for Stoo-Pendous Sensational Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-62-A-6. It's a lie, I am not a Nazi. I have a shoe. Don't worry too. Everybody is both new five-cylinder-fifth. And I'll tell you fast as why you need. And that is really five-cylinder-fifth. Todd, are you super-smile me? I've been so chaneled from funky China town. If you're doing them up, you'll be six-two dollars all. If you don't want to catch the flu, do not touch the cup of flu. I'll talk in Paris, Jent and so on. But can we call 911 everybody's world-proof five-cylinder? Six-thirds now inside me. Now to do 30 standing, time for the global five-me. Oh Robert Blake, you said he's such a hypocrite too. So my team is five-62-W-U-M-Happy Thursday too. We had guilty of two mad doggy four, and then they rubbed her long-go show with guilty of six-two too much guilty of it. I don't want to like start expressing negative opinions but just too much squeak and you know. Squeak is okay but too much squeak and then people started adjusting their radio tuners. Don't think? I'm doing it now? Nine and forty-six volts. We're going to have a thousand by one o'clock again. Just let me have to ask for it no more, you know? See Joshua would agree with that. It really gets to the pinnacle of enjoyment. We don't have to even ask for it anymore. It's automatic. Right. And the full two. GOP Lawmaker once review of NSA Eve's dropping. I got a very important bunch of stuff here. You know what? I'm pound right through it because it's very obvious to me. And you know what that's fine. There's nothing to build on this. Pulling out every radio station has been invented in some of the neighborhood of before. That's okay. It's just kind of like our curiosity. The hoppers doing pretty well. Not great. What has he got? 18.7% of the audience. Listen to Hank anymore. That's like I said pretty weak. 177. At least he's in first place though. Right. Right. None 136. Air America 112. What was that all about? The NPR 105. Howard Stewart on series. 91.9.6% that's a hell of a number. I think in this market. Isn't that nice going, Howard? Really? I'm serious. Almost 10% of the audiences pay in to the steering show. And then it doesn't even count the a few people that are pirating it. R. Which are six of those who are like by hooking by crook. Listen to Howard in the morning or whenever they feel like this into it, I guess. Breaking with the White House representative Heather Wilson, we publicly have new Mexico. Children of the House of Committee on Technical and Technical and Health Sciences. The time has come for a complete review of President Bush's eavesdropping program spokesman said yesterday. How do you like them, apples? Wilson who chairs a panel of overseas and ask those security agencies. Also, on Congress a change of 78 foreign intelligence law following the disclosure of the NSA program, Joel Hanas Wilson's spokesman said. She believes he has a constitutional responsibility for the receiver's program. And the House Intelligence Committee sent a full briefings he said. And at all, Hanas also said that Wilson believes the 78 foreign intelligence surveillance said needs to be updated to take into account new technology. The law governs the monitoring of calls inside the US financial security reasons. The White House has insisted that it has the legal authority to monitor, terror-related international communications in cases where one party to the qualities in the US. Senior administration officials also say they were within the law when they chose to brief only Congress is so called gang of eight. The leaders of the House and Senate and its intelligence committees. While the gang of eight can't be notified, Wilson believes that that is not oversight, Hanas said. A board-air force, one might house enforcement scum or colony yesterday. We had a way to demonstrate the position that Congress has been brief. He said the White House will continue to listen to the ideas from Congress. Yeah, these are the biggest bunch of impairs, Jackasses. And just like he said a couple weeks ago, he'll sign whatever law they pass. He just ain't going to follow. He'll do whatever he wants. Because you got to protect the people. Right. Well, I came up today with a scony balloon. He saw him at dance. Now, House and Senate intelligence committees are having closed or meetings with a turn-a-general Alberto V.05. Don't call me here. Vellish J. Gonzalez. And General Michael Hayden, the number two official intelligence official today. And about to be put a book, put about that. There he goes. They just stole a wall in the line. He comes down there. How dare you last me about things? I don't feel comfortable answering that. Even though I'm not under oath, you don't get a lie anyway. And then technically he is saying, well, why should we expect you not to lie? Are you lied before? It's stuff like that. And they're all making cost to comments. But that's as far as it goes. Right. We're going to shake our finger. You. Yeah. And say, not in the nasty. Don't do it again. I have to make it one of Taka. And I guess you guys are a good start. Yeah. Yeah. It's that sore girl. Okay. He's got enough problems with his absolute rape of Channel 6 on the area. For what I'm hearing man, what Clarence told me. Said that may go just trashed Channel 6. And then found out it was Channel 7. I put that piece of his wife and his kid on the air for the pictures and the hoodie along there. It was a shkookies. I think. Oh, it's a god. Yeah. Shkookies. You're right. I believe. And if not, let's play. Anyway. We don't like her. Channel 7 is a foul. You can. In fact, when I'm at home, turn on Channel 7. You can smell it. Right through the TV. You can smell it. Yeah. Now that may be something Sally Fitzlow behind on the set there. But you can still smell it. That's a long time ago. Oh, yes. I was telling a certain one. I got home and I turned it off real fast. Speaking of Channel 7. I give up. Rift Sands in. Oh boy. What an idiot. The Bush administration yesterday condemned the violent response to European and Cartoon's mocking Islam. See they've changed their tune completely now. They stuck their finger in their toe out the window and the wind is blowing in the wrong way to say, oh well, I'm going to be pitiful but about. Good. And the accused Iran in Syria were splitting the international controversy to inside on Russian protests in the Middle East. They finally are getting this one right. As opposed to sucking up at the beginning. I mean, of course, for these people to be talking about freedom of speech is most amusing anyway. I have no doubt that Iran and Syria have gone out of their way to inflame sentiments and use this for their own purposes. Secretary of State Conner, Lisa, or Rice told reporters yesterday that's stocked or Rice. The world ought to call him on it. Yeah, well, we ought to call you on it too, bitch. Idiot. You. You're fair. A few hours earlier at a White House ceremony with Jordan's King Abdullah. Jordan's King Abdullah. See, that this is the thing that media they did. Nothing surprises them. Nothing. They don't fight any irony in it. All this crap about democracy. First, they have a Palestinian-Saharan election and they elect Hamas and we don't like it. We're pissed off. We're given them no mole money and it's outrageous. And then it's King Abdullah comes calling. King of Jordan. Have any democratic elections? Of course, the Egypt on the have elections. And the barcans, the opponents killed all the time. So the elections aren't too contentious. Yeah, they have this. Yeah. And of course, our good, the royal family in Saudi Arabia. They're right there, man. Notice we have some people every now and then I see some hits on the domain report on our website. Listen, in Saudi Arabia. I want to tell you right now, okay. Passed the message along to those, uh, ravaged ragheads over to them. Shmothheads. They're going to be next. They should have been first. Then we got into the law of Pakistan. It should say until we've a, uh, a blow of Saudi Arabia. What we can't do that. That's our ghost to come to that long. Yeah, buddy, my ass. That's the bushings buddies. It's a bandar bush. Those were the attack the enemies. And stand in the run on the White House on a balcony. They're smoking in big fat ones and big Cuban cigars. And drinking that fine wine. A couple of days after 9, 11. While the after, of course, the rest of the family, the, been, Lodden family, been safely, uh, Estounced out of, uh, this country. Whatever that means. Nobody else could get a flight. Even, uh, bush one couldn't get a flight. Like that. Or like they pointed out Ricky Martin. Remember that in the turn of 9, 11. Even Ricky Martin couldn't get a flight. Well, he's got the royal get year. Yeah. And I got a line for that. I'll turn. A few hours earlier at a White House ceremony with Jordan's King Abdullah. And they don't come no duller than the two of them. President Bush rejected the violence, but not the cartoons that Instead of bloody protests from Afghanistan and Denmark with the drawings first appeared. We reject violence as later as tries to consent with what may be printed in a free press force. Free press my ass. We don't have no free press in America. No more you fascist. You learn tick. You Nazi bastard. Votion rice making their first public remarks on the growing worldwide Controversy. The first day of the day shift in White House strategy. The focusing on the killings and destruction agreements, the protests and revelations in contrast to earlier statements and include criticism of the provocative drawings. And the administration officials said Bush doesn't want to debate or free speech to the minister of deflected tension from the US condemnation of the violence. Try to debate or free speech. You can't debate free speech in America because it doesn't exist anymore. The only speech that can be on is like cure our Phillips. I'm CNN and Mrs. Limbaugh. And David Gregory, Rambling and Ranting and Raving like an idiot. The Hamas. Cheers to a bunch of butt suckers. All you people in the media ought to be in jail. You ought to be in prison. You may undets row begging for mercy for the crimes against the country that you're doing. And that prime Williams under what is 922 T.C. Yappin about Torino, Torino, Torino, my ass. I'll get the elbow. Or do you only ever get funny? I still wish I knew what that expression was intended. My ace in the hole. He doesn't say in the titan. He says to him, as we say in America, my ace in the hole. Remember then? Yeah. And he got to him and said, Ace Hole. Yeah. Have you raised it a hole? Joyce, I don't think she'd be too fine with that. Here that made fully pre-sane. Ace Hole. What to wear outhouse once in the seat was broken? 28. Passed noon at 5. 60 WDQM. The Ammo coast is Florida's number one Asian group may be phased raided by. Is a get restaurant review. And believe me, they know their stuff. Now I'll be Friday to send a net. You can enjoy lobster fest featuring may lobster served thermidor style. And every night of the Ammo coast is crab fest. With less than still crab life, dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. In wine real bad today is soup. They got the all kinds of different delicious soups that the Ammo coast. The menu still includes fresh oysters on the have sell. A sushi bra with over 30. But turn the meat. Different items. Count them if I'm dying your line. The Ammo coast also serves juicy delicious New Yorkstakes cooked to order in handcar Prime River. On the weekends for dessert. Leave it over room in there. Take a crowbar and shut it in your pants and create a little bit of extra room for the Ammo coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can hand if your own strawberries marshmallows, crowbars, other deck of treats are different right on in there. Check out the all-new you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi. Tuna. Tattaki. A big burger 20 different types of sushi rolls. Tuna to Taki. I'm not sure we can say that. The Ammo coast has got three conneal locations to serve you your five of in sunrise sunny hours beach and pepper pines. Reservations existed. Call the Ammo coast at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two and tell Richard and he'll said go leave go. This is New Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Oh. All right. Oh. She authorized and purchased their bagelette. That's it. This jolly wears her cheese bill over her hips. She's got a really bold sex toy with that angeline of makes cast. I have small arms. She's a pretty powder in the times or full of food. There's no marriage they from coast to coast. If she meets your man, your love lives cold. And jolly doesn't make that time of fall. She'll start by taking on her shoe. Let the wind blow up her shirt. It's in our brain just can't read you. Because she wants you for dessert. She wants to arts you in her gardeners and poems. What's the land and will you like to call? What is the dream we give her from? And the way she goes makes cast by a song. That's me. I know. I know. She's in all mighty upholding for her. You lose everything in your doors. But what you're with her there's no remorse. Angelina makes cast by a song. Before you know if you're nothing you're given. I'm a way we're like a dog. When she lay in the shade of your life it's the end. You'll re-bow it in her voice. That's the way that we're jolly in her voice. Maybe you should stay with your wife. You'd like to play who's bad of track. But hey, baby, you're missing a fan of fall on her voice. Angelina makes cast by a song. That's the way that we're like in her voice. Oh, right. Coffee, 5 a Q.A.M. Happy Thursday to Amanda Summishan here. It's beautiful. That's it. No snow, no mo. No bo. No animal. Absolutely. A little bit here, a little bit there, not too much. Your times as an editor, but I think I'm much as read right now. Very short, right to the point. The voice of administration law in your own secured a special place in history for the Audacity with which it manipulates science to suit its political ends. But it's said a new standard of cynicism went allowed NASA's leading authority on global warming to be mugged by a 24-year-old presidential appointee who quite apart from having no training on that issue and inflated his resume. In early December, James Hanson, the space agency's top climate specialist called for accelerated efforts to reduce industrial emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases linked to global warming. After his speech, he told Andrew C. Reckon of the Times, he was threatened with dire consequences if he continued to call for aggressive action. So every that last sentence again, after his speech, he told Andrew C. Reckon of the Times, he was threatened with dire consequences if he continued to call for aggressive action. This was not the first time Dr. Hanson been reviewed by the Bush team, which has spent the better part of five years of voting in the issue of global warming. It was merely one piece of larger pattern of the section and denial. The administration sought to influence the policy debate by Muslim people who disagree with it or as was in the case with two major reports on the EPA in 2002 and 3, editing out inconvenient truths or censoring them entirely. In this case, the sense of his George Doge, a functionary in NASA's public affairs office whose chief credential appears to be in his service with President Bush's reelection campaign and inaugural committee. Kind of sounds like Brownie Brown again, isn't it? Well, but on his resume, Mr. Doge claimed the 2003 bachelor's degree in journalism from Texas A&M, but the university alerted by a blogger said that wasn't even true, Mr. Doge is now resigned. The shocker wasn't NASA's favorite event Mr. Doge's credentials, but that this young political would no qualification was able to impose his ideology on other agency employees. The one point he told a web designer had the word theory after every mention of the big bang. And Dr. Hansen observed Mr. Doge was only a bit player in the administration's dishonest game of politicizing science and issues like warming, birth control, fourth policy and cleanier. This from a president knew promised in the state of the union dressed to improve American competitiveness by spending more on science. Lyrallyer, your thing is on fire. How do you like that? You've only only. You've coaxed the Orton Boos or Goa in the future. God. Well, you have to have respect for our president. Not this one. Oh, I'm going to all choke up about it. I've got to both know. Where you were sneezing before. No, not gagging. Just sneezing. Ow. Hmm. See, that's why I go as Bush. I'm getting stuff out of my nose, not. I'm going to turn something into it. As the case may be, you ever do coke? I got died right here. No, I did not ever do coke. Why? Don't I just take it a survey? No. But I'm not a judge. You ever do coke? I have not. No. No. It's not my kind of thing. No, George has done it. That's why you have the question. But it's not my thing. No. George has dropped the acidity done coke. He's crystal. No, no, no, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No No. No. No. No. No. No. Youf cambiai sushings a스가 구멍cat�� الطringay That irresponsible esos I'm a great, I'm a devotee, shall I let my life be a good start to it? I'm a devotee, shall I let my life be a good start to it? Hey, here's some exciting news, and thanks to whoever I've asked you, and I've got to find this, because I don't really check that unless I'm receiving that often for whatever reason. I don't know either. Cookie, story of it. Man who drove through S. Adrovesi, and Adela Shep kills himself on board flight. He's dated. The man Adrovesi knew S. Adrovesi, who will lie me, dated four-day, or she even said it on fire killed himself on board a commercial flight last night. George, I'm sorry, Gerard Gerard Gettis, with charge with a heart-openeric hormone. Christ of Alcolone, Bartolor Colone, came in in the forthcoming. Gerard Gerard Gettis, with charge with arson and criminal mischief after the incident, said, they have known that Metro Fort in Miami. The FAA said, a passenger was found dead in the bathroom away, united airlines, play Wednesday night. The plane was flying from Washington, D.C.D. L.A. L.A. was never to the Denver. The Denver Medical Law, or can you imagine walking the team, Romaners, a guy laying there dead as a door nail in the, and that's small, pretty small, the bathroom. The Denver Medical Examiner's office confirmed that the man was George Gettis, the fire at Metro Fort caused about a million dollars in damage, NBC-6's Nick Vogerd spoke with George Gettis on Monday, who said he regreted his actions. We just stupid, George Gettis saying. And now he had dead, come down the bathroom. So he killed himself on board a flight. I guess he was having like second thoughts about doing something that's stupid. I guess he was saying how he killed himself. I said that channel six is continuing. I don't know. I mean, that's the whole idea. It's to keep a little bit of suspense out there. I want to shoot the whole, people are going to go in. I don't know. Maybe he impaled himself with one of real dull plants to nine. I don't know. I don't know. I did it. He drank that water from the sink. That would do it. Or maybe just the humans from that toilet. Maybe they said it didn't flush. Maybe they'd flush that blue liquid down the, well, 560, 560 and the Verizon and say, that's one thing about when I'm in a course I hate all I hate doing in the airplane. But sometimes, especially if you're definitely eating their food and boy, all of a sudden there's a music explosion. What's even worse is doing it on the bus. Yeah, like a kid that fell out of the bus yesterday. Right. Because the bus got to move the round. Yeah. Yeah. Of course they had airplane kind of like hits one of them pockets and all of a sudden, wow. Woo! You talk about a moving experience. Remember Peter Sellers with this leg up in the air with the broken leg? Right. Anyway, what was I just going to say? I don't want to talk about it. And the thing I forgot to mention before about that, and it's a true story about my experience when the shower last night, that was all brought on by that whole super-stream mental lipos. They make it have a special tip. Oh, brother. I am serial man. That was enough to gag. We could have gasped the whole alkider with that. Water damaged autos from hurricanes are flooding the market. They're beaten up, they're bad news, but they're good to hide in their past by the time the truth comes out. It's too late. They're flood cars. Water damaged vehicles that have been cleaned up and resold. In the next few months, unmarried shoppers could get soaked. As thousands of salvaged cars from hurricanes, Katrina, Rideon, Wilma, Rollin' to up, states around the country. Insurance investigators already uncovered flood cars in Florida and California. Although so far, no complaints have been filed with consumer-fair's agencies in Broward or Palm Beach, County. No one is sure how many flood damage vehicles are in the Sunshine State. And listen, that's perfect for Florida. Suckers board every minute. Look at the governor. Look at your fat ass governor. He's proof of it. For last year's hurricanes arrested and made to a lieutenant-ray between 250,000 and 600,000 flood cars. More than any storm season in history. Investigators think thousands might be in Florida more on the way. We know they're out there. It's going to be a huge headache for everybody to stand, Dawson. A senior special agent in Tampa with an National Insurance Crime Bureau, and investigate an educational organization financed by the insurance industry. It's not illegal for dealers of private owners to sell vehicles damaged by water, but it becomes fraud investigators say if the sellers don't disclose the car's history or a certain event state title regulations requiring such problems to be declared. I can just see that right now, can't you? These are the worst cars. Big signs saying, well, these are from an Orleans, by the way, this from the hurricane. Look at me like 10 bucks off. These are the worst cars on the road. No one should be driving them said Larry Gamache, spoken for car facts, which conducts title and accident of history research. These are cars that said infested water. A water-great-word, FETID, Fendedwater, filled with industrial and human waste. Ooh, man, kind of reminds me of that Toy Art Turd. Many New Orleans dealers crushed their stocks of unsolved flood in New Cars rather than risk having them back out in the market, Dawson. A recent Louisiana law requires all total cars due to the flood and to be destroyed assaulting parts. In hopes of protecting customers, consumers of the Bureau for the first time is open as private flood files, so buyers can check if a vehicle is a hurricane survivor. About 2,000 flood damage cars are ready in the online database. The Bureau's database, logging flood damage vehicle identification numbers or VINs recorded by insurance companies and agents like Dawson is available at www.nicb.org. NICB.org. It also includes hull members of the damaged boats in ICB.org. Carfax, normally charges 20 to 25 bucks per report, as law and consumer students flood database free as well, go to carfax.com, backslash flood. Got it? Got it. Carfax and Abby. I mean Carfax.com, backslash flood. What's all those Carfax, Abby? Isn't that where Dracula was hanging out? I thought it was fair. Huh? I thought it was Fairfax. Fairfax, Carfax, Mirror Max. Spending all the lanes in our flooded cars. The city of New Orleans could lose up to 80% of its black population of people and stocked to be chocolate, baby, rain, eggants going to be really peoed. White chocolate, baby. The city of New Orleans could I don't like white chocolate, do you? I don't know. No, no, no, no, no. It's sickeningly sweet. And it doesn't taste like chocolate. It just tastes like sugar, right? Do. Two-fleet. That's why you don't like Amyl Hirsch. Two-fleet. What do you stop? Well, what is it? It's a good movie, man. Imagine you're here always as great and you're going to be a good movie. I'm sorry, people from watching life. You said, we're taking it to another one. Oh, you're here. And you're the one that just sent me bareback mountain. The factory in the imaginary here was very, very subtle. Very, very, very, very, very subtle. And if you're like taking a week or something, particularly moment when our kids take space early, even though it's a boy kimbiscuit. That's it. I mean, they did. I must have been the, uh, right. Exccency. That's what it was. The city of New Orleans could lose something 80% of its life population. People displaced by Hurricane Katrina are not able to return to damage goods according to an ongoing university study. This means that policy choices affecting who can return to which neighborhood would with what forums of public and private assistance will greatly affect the future of the character of the city according to the Brown University study, other Brown University study as opposed to the White University study, which is being funded by the National Science Foundation. The lead researcher, sociology professor John Logan, determined that if the city's returning population was limited neighborhood's undamaged by Katrina, half the white population would not return 80% to black population would not return. So you're right. It's going to be like light chocolate. There's very good reason for people to be concerned that the future of New Orleans will not be a place for the people used to live there that there won't be room in New Orleans for large segments of the population that used to call home set, Logan, who studies urban areas. All they mugg ones will be coming back from the bio instead. The study used net from FEMA that detailed flood and wind damage in comparison to the data from the 2000 census US census determined who and what areas were affected. It found the storm damage erase had been 75% black compared to 46% black and undamaged areas of the city. It also found a 29% of the households in damages that below the poverty line compared to 24% of the households in undamaged areas. This iconic Jimmy Carter was saying that correctic King's funeral yesterday. While he and everybody else were taking good, well deserved shots at your dumb ass smoking chimps president. But then it's right here. This raghead from Syria again on here. This prophet, and this is bald hitty geek on CNN. Iran is adamant. And then the bad. They may be a castle hoist baby used Syrians van your next first societies and then you and then the packies. Right. Right. And then the Canadians. And then the great day and teach them to be put in them damn cartoons in there. 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 in comparison to cigarette or wireless line. It was the tremendous info we're getting out all the stuff today. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. What from the audience? Yeah, from the easing knuckleheads out there. Or if he takes it calls. Well, I just gave the number again. I don't know. And when we delay catches up in about 20 minutes. Maybe we'll get some. One thing about us man. We got like 45 delays each one 30 minutes or longer. That's right. If we want to put them all into effect, you'll hear the rest of the show like about seven weeks from Tisha above. That's the thing about Tisha above. That was just it just my insides are just rocketing around like wow. That's a good story. A classic quote, quote, quote, quote. Right. WQA and hello. 2 AM. Yeah. Are you doing fine? Okay. Give the two years that the talk is and who's out of that hell hole down there. I'm not going to have a west coast out there. So it's not a hurry up. Oh, I'm telling you. I'm not going to have a. Hell hole. But I'm visiting family over here and I did think of story. I have to. You might have appreciated 20 story. I'm taking my wife out there. I'm a grocery dinner and friend of mine. I'm going to go to the dirt company and find the money. Some passes are going to form a dinner cruise, right? They can do shows up when they're in a cruise. This can't turn out. It's not way to go. It feels better. And then I think the. That's right. Here's. Yeah. You've got the main society. You've got the charity of it because I've been with the dirt. The guy gave me a free pass and it did her cruise. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. We're annihilated in this ship. Yeah. I just walked up to a horse. Okay. I've got a total of 50 election. I mean, the house. I'm going to ask you a question seriously. Yeah. I said you have a wife. Yes, sir. Now you speak to where in this voice. You use this voice. Oh, here's a fact. Not a serious. I don't know how the guy like who speaks like that could possibly have a wife. If you ever want to know how to translate something from while I used to go to freetranslation.com. So this facts as the name indicates it's all this from Charles and Newfield Beach. Second Chuck probably shouldn't say Chuck because you know, there's some people named Robert who don't want to be called Bob, right? Because they can choose it would like Neil and Bob. Not Neil Rogers and Bob Green, but Neil and Bob, although we have that bit. And some people in Charles don't want to be called Chuck because it reminds of them of ground beef or maybe like. Off Chuck. What's up Chuck? As the name indicates, it's a free service of the Translation. There's some time a little rough would show. I don't always come for slang. For instance, when I typed in my ace in the hole and then selected that English would tend to say, I'll me or also know, for all. Oh, my God. I'll me or asshole. Also. No, for all. P.S. If you ever see the movie, the formula that started George T. Scott and Marlon Brando is checking out. Can sit me in the times of the event. It's right for a remake of the Wakanda Medjame when giving it a foreign's in Brando. It'll play the head of a large oil cartel. The last scene was gotten Brando is great. The formula sounds very familiar to me. You've seen a form of a very four-millionaire. I've seen like V.O.5 from it. I was like Alberto V.O.5 from Brando. You'll me or asshole. If you do you click. Careful. No, for all. You'll me or. Oh, you'll solo me or. I've got to go through every careful. Because I'm right under the verge of it. Right. Same over the way. Oh wait, we don't have one. 1258 of QM, I would come back with my swear and Italian for an hour. Okay, guys, those new Italian. This is Fossipini. A. The Ronda Deloars. From the producers of ABC's Psychicular Innovation, comes a show about even scaring more pale follicle chair. The government has to write their existence for years, but they're here on one of us in your town, even in your own or just waiting from jumping up the floor. You'll be a star. As the listener in invasion applies. You know, this is going to be a smart. What is being requested under a program with your product, that door service please? Yes, you might computer just crash. Not on it. Did you hear that? Yeah, I'm doing it. Is someone out there on the line? Uh, no. What? Who is this? It's like going. Don't worry, your name. It's just me. You're president. Go ahead. Don't mind me. Mr. President? And how's your name? Oh, I know a lot about you. I like your nickname, his Bubba, and your computer. Have a Friday night. Let's see here. Looks like he missed a few payments on that student loan there, Bob. I said, well, you can't do this. Thank you, I'm there, Bob. Oh, yeah, what's up, good one. Right here's Indonesia. Watch it there. How'd you put tail of Newbennie? But this is what you're being a private god. A private, overseas call there, Buda Boy. I am not a bonus, sir. I am Hindu. I don't care if you're a shamu. Don't mess with Texas, son. Because I got a predator grown. Circulate 3851, Calcutta Court right now. To watch it, by the name of the president of the United States. Tonight at Rick Springs, we'll be sitting the right station on ABC. On 02560, WQM, the Harold says at least several public and state senators with Judas support for Miami's Alex Villalobos bid to become the first Cuban American Senate president. The senators all followed conservatives say they have different reasons for swinging their support to Senator Jeff Atwater and North Palm Beach for public in for backing away from the moderate Villalobos who's made a few high profile votes against the party line. Estelle is by fat ass governor, Jeff Buda. He's getting his seat. That's right. Whether this means Villalobos is officially not felt of the future leadership post, which it began 2008 is unclear. Villalobos support a say, still has enough votes from the Delaware Republicans who control the 40 member Chamber, which 26 vote. Villalobos said he's not given up, but it announced he was caught laid in the active well organized conspiracy engineered by Senator Alice D. LaFortia, a fellow Miami Cuban American Republican, how do you like that? Backstabler. When I first ran for this office, I was behind that I had the votes. Now some people are saying on behind. This is far from over Villalobos, be saying. The as they LaFortia didn't comment this morning at water who met with Villalobos this morning couldn't be reached either. Meantime, Senate Democrats who can conceivably team up with moderate Republicans to keep Villalobos are staying out of the fight. One South Florida Democrats said the party is eagerly watching Republicans tear each other apart in an effort to remove a Cuban American from more of the states top-law making toast. The hero reported in today's edition that the cool attempt at fail Wednesday night high ever, two of the senators said that when Villalobos came from Wednesday night, switched this morning. They switched. A third, Senator JD Alexander refused to comment Wednesday was among those who back to away from Villalobos. Somebody got too hot on how do you like that? Speaking of your fat ass governor Ann Kattenhurst and a guy who talked in a very high pitch voice. I couldn't listen to him no more. He was just too squeaky. What was he talking about? About Kattenhurst. Some crack. Fear of U.S. drove Iran's nuclear policy. Just too much of this propaganda man, too much truth. Murphy Publicator like Jack Nicholson said. You can't handle the truth. Actually what he said at Tom was, You're fairy. The George W. Bush administration's adoption of a policy threatened to use military force against Iran. This regarded a series of official intelligence estimates going back many many years that consistently judged Iran's fear of U.S. attack to be a major motivating factor in its pursuit of nuclear weapons. Two former CIA officials who were directly involved in producing CIA estimates on Iran revealed in separate interviews with IPS. That the National Intelligence estimates on Iran have consistently portrayed its concerns about the military threat posed by the U.S. is a central consideration in Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons capability. Paul Pilar, who managed the writing of all NIEs on Iran from 2005, that's National Intelligence Systems. Pilar, one of his kind to Pilar on the passions. Told IPS that all the NIEs on Iran during that period addressed Iranian fears of U.S. attack explicitly and related their desire for nuclear weapons to those fears. Iranian perceptions of threat especially from the U.S. and Israel. Oye! We're not the only factor, Pilar said. Bloodborne, our judgment part of our drove whatever effort they were making to build nuclear weapons. Pilar said the dominant view of the intelligence community in the past few years has been that Iran would seek a nuclear weapons capability, but aimless to also consider that the wilderness had a part of Washington to reassure right on security fears would have a significant impact on Iranian policy. They like that. They don't want that, but they want to do his going in like, you know, kill a whole bunch of people. Because after all, isn't that what compared, compared to conservatives in the Taliban? That's right. I'm sure I remember that first debate when Gore Anstom, what does that really mean? Compact in conservative and Bush said, kill some people. Yeah. Website, Hawking, this is good news. I think websites, Hawking, phone records shut down. First of all, how that ever started in the first place has got to be in a fond me, you know, as they see in Torino. Following a wave of native publicity and pressure from the government, several websites that pedal people's private phone records are calling it quits. Give me the schmits. We are no longer accepting new orders, was the announcement posted yesterday on two websites, locate sell.com and sellfools.com. They should find whoever put those sites up and shut up things. And you want to know how that guy got in a plane? Yeah. We don't really know. I just rejected because I know that, you know, in query lines, well, no. I don't know. How we often sell how to convince suicide on the plane. Maybe we took up pill. Okay. Maybe we had a sign I'd tablet. Thank you for your pay for it. You was a player serving you, though, site said then they closed down. The FTC this week could benefit the sweep of 40 sites, known to have been selling private phone records. According to the FTC's live, it lit up parans, more than 20 sites have recently shut down or stopped advertising for new business. The agency has sent letters to about 20 other sites, more than them. Maybe violating the Lawshar Review of Business Practices, said parans, director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection. Parans who testified before a Senate extremity on consumer affairs said the commission also has a number of ongoing investigations into the sales he did not elaborate. While some sites have been closing up, shop others have seen a boom in business, where they reached immediate tensions in Mark Rottenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. Rottenberg urged law makers to ban a practice known as P. texting in which data brokers rather call a phone company in person at a customer and then persuade the company to release the calling records. I mean, they have to, they have to, he has to urge law makers to ban it. It's fraud, right. Those records usually include whom a person called, who called them in the duration of the calls. We did them, they this back. In one case, that we received a lot of attention recently. The blog was implemented by the phone records, a former Democratic presidential candidate Wesley Clark, who was found to be calling the Delhi Dend for takeout. All the site needed to send was Clark Cellphone, number to credit card payment of 89.95. Ever that one, Wesley Clark was campaigning? And I wouldn't shwuck that punk, all that. Anybody who's good on meet the press is going to be a whatever he said. And then he said, he said, he's going to be a Democratic president in the out of cramped. Right. Just like the other punk that called it, thank you Mr. President for the low gas prices. And then, of course, Wesley Clark started in South Florida by eating Delhi at the Delhi Dend. That was in to him. He's panicking to the old Jews. How do you in the hell and then? What do you think about that? Pretty stupid. Pretty stupid. Transparent, pretty stupid. And of course, he turned out to be a bungery idiot. And again, even though I agree with a major thing, so he said, he's still a bungery idiot. We got Dennis Kocen and she nobody would take seriously because he's got that sort of little hairpiece. And he's about two feet tall. It comes up here, knees. I'll sharpen. Al Sharpton is a little bit too chocolate and too a big mouth. And what else we got? That Hillary? I got in fact, what a segue in a minute. Hillary Clinton and Walmart loves story. You're going to pute I feel like he's. Okay. That melting pot stuff is good as a buzz. I think it's going to come back and melt it in my mouth. It's where it like that song by the four seasons working my way back through you. What radio show do you listen to it a morning before 10 Hank 1951. Aero America 1.29. That's an informe. What have they got on? NPR 112. Howard Stern, their serious 139.9% more than Joe Rose has got 79. Has that interesting? Isn't he on 79? Okay. Robin Paul 71. 72 just changed again in Joe Rose with 80 because we're too embarrassing. So now Bob and Tom succeed. Joe Rose, I hear as many peo to the management over there once to come back to us. We went to back Joe. I would do that song. We went to back that was in Machaxon 5. Wasn't that for a song? I want you back. I want you back. Bob and Tom 68. Well, I can't believe I remember the name of that group. The exciders and tell them that was in every of their smash one hit wonder. The exciders. And he's still can't fight a can. No. I can't. But at the finalists. Oh, I want you back. Jackson 5. Michael's recording for the Pope now on the CDs from the Vatican. And he's living in Bahrain in the listening level kids. But we can like this. This is from what he was interested. This is from what he was like maybe being blessed by Joe or somebody else in the family and maybe his right reason. And with the chocolate. He was just, yeah. A little bit shocked that back then it's a post-alike way to go. Looks like cast for the unfriendly ghost now. 5 in Tom 68. Other music station 36. Wild22. XM18. They got opera. Woo. No speaking in race station 16. And you're right. That could be not really a spinal cord. But maybe a hotician. See. Mike and Mike in the morning 12. Howard's during pirate 8. 8 people are picking up Howard legally. Magic one or 2.7. Why 100? What? 5. WFCL4. Mr. Rigo Steve King. Always up to three now. That means that Nick Lawrence voted finally. Power 96 has got a pair. KPS finally got one of the UMGO1. Solomon Thuuna. Well, that's because all in Pulse are in class. They do have classes that you don't have. What's in a while? I'm sure the jox don't attend any of them. But I think they got a class every now and then. And of course, if you have a low class, what a place. What a, what a place. What a, oh, brother. I can even begin to tell you. Very sad. You know what it is? There's a word that covers it very nicely. Airsots. Airsots. That's university like like my room here is university. In fact, I think this is a bastion of greater knowledge that are in that is net joint. Oh, but what about that great school medicine? Oh, yeah. I can tell you stories about one doctor in particular who fainches himself as an expert on diabetes. Oh, brother. You know, it's in spite of him that I'm still alive. I don't want to use his name on here, but maybe someday. Put it in that book. I'm telling you, Ashmeer doctor is when he used to say, just scary. Oh, yeah. Take one of them pills or whatever you feel like in him. Yeah, right. That beat is my ass. Probably to see, you know, what's the best deal is? I don't want to get him that health kick because he already intakes it. Be your own doctor. You know, unless you got something chronic going on, but very often it's a good idea. Be your own doctor. It's good idea. Now, what about your own body? You know, stick your finger away up your nostril and check out what's in there. Do it now. Finally, it could be experienced like no other Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and has lots to love. And today, you can try it for only 34 99 a month or three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home and fruit we chose, get tire lessons and so much more. You always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. And don't forget about control. With on demand, you can start, stop, pause rewind and fast forward programs, use in that road, especially if you're real quick. You can't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule. Who could possibly ask for more? Invest of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your show time, sit back and you wonder how you ever manage without it. Call today or to Comcast digital cable, hb over the power bond of demand for only 34 9 9 months or 3 months. In date call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. What are we black baby in this country in your crime rate would go down? Yeah. Oh, you sure come me with my DS stock. What does this mean? What does this mean? We got an A short abrasion plane. Joyce Bush doesn't care about black people. How are teens? How are the first and interesting rates? We are leaving one track but we are going on another track. Oh, how are producers? You mentioned we're not going to go. How are teens? The classic rock is. We're going to go down the fairly. We're going to go. We're going to go down the fairly. We're going to go. We're going to go down the fairly. These guys are like the oldest that we're going to watch on TV. It starts with me where I was running for? What is that? What's that? Our teens. Quick towards socializing. What?lining.oni- brown. Everyone. They mentioned rumble. Myrst. I'm just a little bit of a fucking man, I'm just manipulating him like like a puppet on a string. Just in, I'll cut it to where it's planned to fly plane in LA, a US bank tower. Great. Oh well, all this crap that he came on in this morning, other all hyperventilating. Safety, safety, safety, he's keeping his safe. We don't care what in other words, let's just give up all our rights. Let's just tear up the whole constitution. It's just like he says, it's just a crappy piece of paper anyway, who gives a crap about it? And immediately, just willingly, man, just sucking along, sucking along. That's my message to you people that immediately, especially you idiots at CNN. You suck, you best got him gross. That's what Columbus would have said. You best got him gross. He would have rolled his arms a few times too. He probably was rolled a big fat one, as he said it. God, can you imagine what he, he must have had a good, he ever make it to Jamaica Monk? He was in the Bahamas. Yeah, man. All over the Caribbean. Yeah, he went all over the Caribbean, I'm sure he did. Yeah, he was a Jamaica Monk. Can we make Clinton Wal-Mart a love story from the United States? I'm not talking to Smokin' kind of talking about the. Even Wal-Mart, the largest and arguably the most powerful corporation in the country is no match for the triangulation, pan-rean, office-cation of Hillary Clinton. With Wal-Mart rating, his public enemy number one among many liberals, progresses and just regular voters, Clinton is finally her past eyes to Wal-Mart, too hot to handle. So, presto, over the side the beast of Bentonville, Musco. For those not in the know, Clinton served on Wal-Mart's board for six years prior to her husband's run for the presidency. She recently received five grand from Wal-Mart. I raised the Wal-Mart relationship where it's Jonathan Tassini on the hopping and post repeatedly. My current race against Clinton causes deep uneas among voters. I believe it's basically the incumbent's close title, Abuse of Corporate Power for large corporate financial contributions. There's a for-for-so-called free trade, which is simply trade-abent-for-corporations. Her support for so-called, and her unwellers to confront corporate power that dies every American among other things, universal health insurance. So, I had a, did you crack your fingers again? Yes. So, I had a chuckle when I read that Clinton having never said a bad word about the company in the past. Recently said that Wal-Mart should pay more for its workers' health benefits, and to boost you return to five grand she received from the company. But when asked what she did about the company's benefits for workers when she served on the board she replied, well, you know, that was a long time ago. Half-year remember. You can't have it both ways. You can't provide an image of being an intelligence woman as a pile of facted offing her tips, but at the same time, you suffer a sudden bout of amnesia when asked to answer for your record. That will be an inconvenient record to defend. In 1992 Wal-Mart was simply smaller than it is today, but it was still huge with $43.9 billion in that sales. It's $1700 plus stores, and she had written the 71,000 employees. Even in 1992 Wal-Mart was already the world's largest retailer. And the board, Hillary Clinton, said, on was rapidly anti-union of splitting, swit shop labor around the world, discriminating against women workers, forcing workers to labor off the clock and distract communities that didn't want them. This should not be a shock. Cart Clinton was a partner in the world's law firm, or the most active anti-union law firms in the country. So the question still remains, what did Hillary Clinton do or not do when she served on the board of Wal-Mart? Maybe for memory was refreshing to tell us how she protested the company's relentless union investing, expressed feminine outrage of the widespread discrimination against women, and was horrified that the mushrooming wealth of Wal-Mart family was made possible on the back of slave labor around the world. Her behavior then, when the spotlight was not on and her record didn't matter to voters, she'd tell a lot of voters a lot about her principles and values and a carefully orchestrated image of MPs, New York doctors tried to figure out who this was deserved to know. Rahu 100 first inevitably memorized the council newspaper. Number one, the formula Mr. Eisenuego Middleんと. In inches of danger, in ahead, it was not terribly efficient. Elder The wife agreed to prove不要, according to the unsuccessful evidence We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. We are not going to be able to do anything. About 18D vd. Yes. Are you heard about the Sony Blue Ray DVD that is coming up? When is that coming-up? Ok, actually, that the NFD 3 years they have projected towards November December. They are releasing places 3. Blue Ray Compatible. They are planning basically launch in numbers. basically launching first like a game station which is a compatible with this type of blue ray and then that's going to be the first platform for Sony and the competition for Toshiva. Yeah, and Toshiva is coming out next month, and why don't I wait till the end of the year till Sony gets around to it? Well, the blue ray has an advantage of it. Well, it's got a more capacity for information with the blue ray DVDs to have all those trailers and extra features that you won't find on an HD DVD from Toshiva. I think it's got four layers of data instead of two from Toshiva. Well, I mean, how much amount of layers do I need? Like about about 30 minutes. Well, we're currently using one main thing. In fact, I think it's all here. It's going to be a pretty thick on this phone call to be honest with you. Yeah, well, not too many different. This is the dance video of the DVD and the machine. It's a good machine, man. The place is it a good machine? Yeah, it is a good machine. Well, that's what I'm looking for is a good machine, man. I nailed that. That was it for him. Okay, thanks for the heads up, pal. No problem. And heads down. heads up, heads down. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, leave a rise and sing it a wireless line. So, it's your choice. It's like when we went with the VHS and the beta, but always do the same thing. You know, with technology is going to be the better one, which one's going to stick around it. And then you go out and you buy something, you spend a whole ZIN in the pot full of money to buy it. And then you find out since months later, it's not so late. Or in our case, they'll both be obsolete, because it's not back at a 40. Oh, yeah, you and Josh, you can. I mean, I'll always get that big raise out here. He's going to be working out there, power 96. He's going to be censoring all the filth that they're playing on the air over there. But, well, when you have your meeting with our new sales manager, you might suggest you know, that one issue that I have going up, we don't want to say on the air. And, you know, and the other one I talk about. All right, about feedback, you know? I'm thinking about like that. How many QAM? Hello. QAM? That I got to know. Speaking. Do I? Yep. I don't know how to tell a little bit about this man just saying, what happened? I listened to him a little bit yesterday. He was so pissed off and that's how he was. He liked him. Yeah. Well, his wife and his kid to make a long story short, they were in Detroit. I guess, after the Super Bowl. And they went to some bar or some club or somewhere. And they were waiting online outside. And some punk made some comments about Mrs. Mandage. Mrs. Mandage. And of course, the son actually is stepped in for mom and beat the crap out of this other guy and turned into a bra and they got busted. They went to jail and that's it. And Mandage. And then, evidently, Mandage stuff that was channel 6 that put her picture on the air. And then, once we were all son and then, it came to find out was channel 7. So, we're going up a bit like we were going on. How many of your friends? Who was in there? No, he was here in Florida. All right. Okay. Now I understand. If he had been here, the other guy would have been dead. You know that. It's okay. See if that. There's no question. There. That wouldn't have been good because then the matter would have been having to do is sure from behind bars. That would have been kind of interesting. Martha Stewart could do it. Why not? Maddox. Johnny Cash. Johnny Cash could do it. There you go. He walked the fine line between life and death. Many finely trip right over it. Oh. What was the biggest difference with Johnny Cash? I'm sure Mayor Realize here. I walked the line up and he was good. That for you. He was good. Yes. At what? At singing and doing his own wrongs. Writing, doing his wrongs. Getting in good. That's good. Like what? I walked the line and ring a fire. How about a boy named Sue? Boy named Sue is a good guy. Boy named Sue's. Sunday morning coming down, written by Chris Christophe's and his very good son. Chris Christophe, rural, racist, he driving in. He discovered America. Yeah. Colone. He discovered Colone too, Germany. There's you didn't know that. I did not. There's a city or you've got to see that place before you broke. Go to Colone, Germany. Never after by that HD DVD. Just before you go to Torino. Hey, what do you live near downtown for a lot of day or not? Want to tell you about a restaurant that's worth a drive if you live anywhere with in driving business. It's called Terror State and Lobster House and it's located on the 17th Street causeway. Tara will be there personally. She's there just about every night reading her guest at her brand new fabulous 200-seat restaurant. Lange probably bringing East Coast residents the same unique fantastic terror dining experience that earned her Markle Island restaurant. Their perfect marks in these against survey. And also a line spectator or word of excellence or a line list now boasting over 380 selections from the world's greatest line regions. Maybe even from Torino. The main attraction in Terror State and Lobster House is just like the name of its Exitutia. Juicy delicious states in Lobster and they also do a fine job with their conia continues lobster, bisc, moms, classic crab cakes, a great selection of fresh seafood and chops. The guard of many people is the Peter Lugur of the South which I think speaks for itself. Tara incorporates family recipes to complete the menu. The boss and dressings are made fresh in house every day and hands selected dry aged short loins used to pair their signature porter house for 1, 2, 3, 4. Our serve cut away from the bone on a sizzling flatter and they're so succulent they will melt in your mouth. So eating tenders you only wait to describe Tara's 3 to 6 pound made lobster collection prepared whatever way you like. Steen, brood, stuff will lump crab meat or fillet for the ultimate serve and serve food that and now being stone crab season Tara's quickly becoming the stone crab house as well. No need to fight Naomi traffic if those jumbo sweeties but make sure to reserve advance because they go like hotcakes. Don't let Tara's happy hour if her Monday to Friday 2 for 1 specially drinks or the complimentary wine tasting like tonight every Thursday from 530 to 730 when you stick around for dinner. Tara's taken lobster house your final mid 1430. South East 17 sweet causeway in Fort Lovardell for reservations call it's 954. 765. 62.0 to a hielding for a really fabulous feast. This is the place for you. 954. 765. 62.0 to or you can find more on their website at tuesdaykinlobsterhouse.com. 655. 660.2. 1066. 1 anyone suggestions more! 666. 10 blocking 112. 10 16 15. 900 heartbeat. 150 seconds. 30 seconds 10. 31,51 seconds, two seconds. 567. 1015 beneficial for lunch and niece for lunch. 10At leastates. thirty eight minutes. Our blood. Ten levels. One. Remember? One hour today at the seventh spot. One hour? 11 güzel. Monday to the next morning at 2 Station. 10個小時, next evening. 1030. There's no one left. University of Council the Arts School. The White House says what all to do now In the issue with a minestrike neck Yeah, with no disrespects because of all of the stress From stress to with that, I want to hear The word I feel in the ear In the tear as far as I am Oh, the rubberman said to be brutally And I'm seen This ain't not even fun Now I'm so sick, I'm a preter, I'm a joke Yeah, think there are a whole steaky-fueled me, a stroke I'm think that I'm just real and boring Yeah, I'm just my dad Enjoy the ride, my dad, can you buy it? Yeah, I'm a real, a fake, fake, fake This is great, cute, this ass is the idea You think it would be a point of view But I think your way off the mark today Voshes correct on the LA It's that I remember watching it on TV I think it was called 24 Yeah, I think Johnny Bower is the one that's Interveined Was it Johnny Bower? Is that who it is? And Jack Bower And Pablo Barr If you ever watched 24 As a matter of fact, I am borrowing the series right now And have not started watching it yet Well very seriously, President Bush today This closed new details of a full terrorist New details, new details See this is a new, there were bunch of new details We're going to run their boobies in the building and knock it down This is not a new story, this is an old story That's a disgusting off and it happened in early 2002 And the fact of the matter is, you know, we've heard about this before And now we're just getting new details And they're making a big stimulus about this Of course because that's the idea To justify the idea And also says Bush made no mention of a controversial NSA Eavesdropping program that the administration is credited with helping Thor terrorists, Pots and Save American lives But if we put a boob, that's what it's all about The West Coast Club was described in general terms last year After Bush and the speech on terrorism that the US and its allies had Tored at least 10 series of fat of plus which was alive By the way, since 9, 11 attacks including 3 and 10 It'd be cured out of the US territory Oh, you know those dangerous guys in Detroit and Buffalo And they would total lie If I have one of those shows those CBC shows that we had on our website I forget which one it was, one of those passionate eyes shows The bunk all of that in detail And gave the real facts there But don't confuse the public with the facts Let's just try out this thing right now Give us greater detail just to keep it in impression And mind of the public Save the safety safety Because they know damn well that this whole thing's going to blow up in their face And of course if it isn't that maybe it'll be a real rivalry playman scooter Or if it isn't that maybe it'll be a time delay Or maybe it'll be Duke cutting hand Duke, Duke, I gotta play that over and over again Gene Chandler man Duke of Earl What do you hear? No What you were, why not? A little bit Now let's see how do you talk this one up Yeah, just like that Okay Well that was big In fact I think I could be wrong Let me look at my book I think that was released more than once like Louis Louis Not according to my listing here How big you for? It's just got it listed under 62 Well, excuse me I could be wrong about that If I think you are And then there's Daisy Duke of Earl was number one for three weeks January 27, 1962, 11 weeks on the chart What a whole house that it was released Josh Oh Robert Creeper said it Yeah Born Eugene Dixon 7607 Chicago Gene Chandler RB Singer producer I joined a Duke K's vocal group in 57 They first recorded for NAT in 61 Group recorded Duke of Earl on the contract Renatee However VJ purchased a recording released a record as by Gene Chandler I'd like that All right Many formed his own label Mr. Chand From the 69 to 73 Any had some moderate hits Just be true Bless our love what now Effing and stress stop me and groovy situation Never heard of any of not a one Did you? No It was number one for five weeks on R&B charts Duke cutting him Duke of Earl House burns while man makes a food run A man and this is in Washington A man who went out for a few minutes to buy food Came back to find his northwest Washington house A place yesterday A lady in the block Said is that your house I said I hope not Up to that point I wasn't even sure Said Joe Howard The fire was so intense and building someone's stable That firefighter said it would evacuate Resorted to battling the flames from outside DC fire emergency medical services department Spokesman Alan Edder said sections of the home We're falling apart Either Howard and Randy firefighters were hurt Cause of the fire was known It was unclear for whatever we found But cause of that fire guy dying on the plane It'd be just died Maybe Maybe God just smited him You think? Possible Fire investigators will go in Effort determine safe to go in And maybe they'll never go in or investigate Founders He went out for a quick fight and bit him in the ass Firebrake I probably shouldn't read all these bedtime stories Cause that one crank caller was very on edge I think the guy would squeaky voice How come we got so many people with squeaky voices lately Or speak of that guilty at two And they come back after Mad Dog with it Robert Alvango show Live from Torino Robert Alvango by the way We'll be going to Torino How do you like that for the Olympic team? Why they're playing in these Olympics I have no idea because Gary Bettman's a schmuck It's a very very bad idea After a year of Noah and a child And they build up all the momentum Where they are now they build up the big moor Oh, that's too couple weeks off All of their some guys that need to heal up their wounds You know what I'm saying? Or you say? Go to the sometimes dating couple of weeks to heal up your wounds To pender what? What did you? Dominic, who I am? Hello Hey, how are you doing? Okay I'll listen, I just say There's the immersion of that To this dumb by Cyprusale That was pretty cool from Diggavarrel I've never went to a child out Cyprusale on a George might know it Cyprusale Cyprusale? No that version, sorry Now I've got his group name Cyprusale They came out with a song from that I've been with Cyprusale Okay, thanks Now this squeaky voice guy And I think that's all the same guy Well, I've always thought it is on our sixth different calling Is that Cyprusale Cyprusale's creed as a date? Yes, you can, we're all? No, it's Cyprusale No, Cyprusale Same in the membrane Don't channel Rectome Go to the QAn, hello Okay No, that's David, you're playing What? I'm not sure Wait, don't I'm not sure Let's see What I want to say What technology we got nowadays In 2006 we got the best ant technology These people go out and buy these teapy cell phones I think I think they get a market in a cereal box You know, we used to get in a bought-up He gave you a valuable gas station cell phones Convenience store cell phones Yeah They have the sort of little cameras We got sort of what a cell phone is now Call any riders show it in Tell it, QA, hello QAN. There's another one. No more bad times, sorry, please. Bye. Just for him, I'm going to read like 400 of them. Drop that, okay, holy, I'll get back out of the vananibode. And this time, don't make it. Get on Likki, a rubber raft with Captain Harris. All right, Captain Harris, now, where'd you do about her episode on the plane? Wow, I'm not sure I can put that on the area. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. The old quarter, got a full foot pull? Yes, sir. Got the, I was listening to the Aaron Gilchau this morning. Who served? What show? The Aaron Gilchau and the Kami, the Annie Kamotoshau. What tell us that? That's the show on the terrace. You've been looking out. A show on one? A terrace? Cyrus? Yeah. What tell us Cyrus? I mean, serious? Yeah, serious. Are you serious? Yeah, I get Cyrus, will you? That's what they call it, Neigept. On Cyrus. But, my amnogatset is something. Your people need to be certain, speaking, ways. That might be terrible. You're going to, yeah, your people. You're always working. Yeah, right. He was one of him. Right, right. He said, what am I? He was calling from inside. Did you see what I strange your car? He was inside your home. It is really this. It's Neigept. This is 5. 16. 8. It's an uncoachable. His animal magnetism knows no bounds. He's a man. He's a beast. He's boy, go. He's a boy, go. He's a boy, go. He's a boy, go. He's a boy, go. He's a boy, go. There are seven in this. That's what it means. It means there's one in this. It means there's one in this. It means there's one in this. It means there's one in this. It means there's one in this. Yes, that's right. You can talk dirty to Bowenko too. Have the moose with air, satisfy your every beastle desire. Don't stop. I'm almost there. You're here. I'm almost there. Boy, if I knew you were coming back, that's it. That's the kick. Bowenko. Make me scream. Well, okay. Do it credit for it. That's it. It's been your group. It's a... Ha! Yes. 30 to go, wake up. Call 1-900 boost me. $2.00. First minute, 6-0 is additional minute. The boost is waiting to talk to you. Oh, you have been cool. Great. Call 1-900. Boost me right now. 1-25, a QM, and the good news for you is that that last God I call to you actually is in your house and even better news is that when you get home, he and your wife both will be gone. Gee. That would be safe. Sigh or something. Things are really looking up now. So, by speaking of you and your kids, surprise decision by Gallagher may change your priority school. Start day. Oh, my God. Is that exciting? Gallagher the comedian? Yes. No, the magician. Oh, you're going back to school. I don't know about kids in the South Dakota school anyway. They weren't anything at all. Huh? No, it's just like a certificate. No, it's cool. They don't. No, it's Florida. No, that's what I'm saying. She's just going to say, I live in Florida. Don't blame me. They can look straight. Instead of having like a diploma or something like that, just a piece of paper. A surprise shirt around five, one-brower county school board. Remember me, Lee, the latest school starts eight after all. Beverly Gallagher, a member of Pines, now says she will back August 14 as the new starting date for the coming school year. At this time as a pervading vote, I would like to bring back the calendar issue for reconsideration of the next board meeting, Shroud and E-mail, sent to the school superintendent this morning. The next meeting is February, 20, and I'm two days school board voted to find four instead of a date of August nine, which had begun school on a Wednesday. The decision sent the audience to parents pouring out of the boardroom furious. Pistoff and fired up. If no other board members altered their votes, Gallagher switched with two of the way for school to start on a Monday, August 14. Why would you want to start on a Wednesday so people have to script their summer vacations, right? Just to piss people off. And we had enough source already with all the hurricanes and all the other crap that people are still trying to put their houses and their lives back together. Again, you idiots, you quizlings, you fairly. Gallagher wrote that angst over her vote to support the August 9 star. They later had trouble sleeping Tuesday and Wednesday nights. She had her made it with the rocks on the winter's mind. And she had some of the do it. She ended as she feared the decision meant the board lost credibility with the community. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. She got what time is her show on? By the way, is that last break really 90 seconds? What are all these 30s we got? That's why I got caught short of that first break. I'll be short breaks. That's right. When you meet that new sales manager, tell me the other guy was an idiot. I'm going to get with it. Good thing we got these ABC 30s, which I have no idea what they are. I'm sure we don't either. But the boy, that's weak. A long board member who voted on the opposite side of Gallagher on to this issue was thrilled her in the change of heart. Ford member Stephanie Craft, I applaud her courage. She said it takes a big person to step back. I grew up as divided between the 14th and the 21st, but unanimously, they'll want to 7th or 9th, the extra five days. Makes a huge difference. Said Stephanie. And I think she is. Absolutely correct. Man, right? Right. Don't be messing up people. Some are vacations. I think I've used to tell me that my summer schedule and like in August instead of like a week after Labor Day, well, guess what? You mama. No chance. So none of us on to show watch any of the, um, um, granny's lifestyle. I was busy losing my wins and getting back to even a wood vine, giving them back what they were giving me. And you guys were punching your lungs even if the melting pot and for a lot of it. I don't know. I mean, I shouldn't be jealous. No, I would have killed you. It's not because they are portion. I mean, I couldn't pass on all that stuff you described. The Raspberry chart and the white top was part because you don't want to dip bread into the cheese because you want to eat. Why not dip the bread? I sure would. Well, it was phenomenal, but you don't want to eat the bread. But the main course of it's just like all kinds of meats and things on skewers, meats and something is right, Christ that you'd depend there and cook up. Wow. That parts are right for you. You rest of us? Yeah. Oh, the marshmallow and the drum crack across and different and the chocolate. That sounds beyond or gasmic. That's a good way to be true. Well, it was passed out. Wow. Mm. The expected coordination and this is so, this is just, it reminds me of our polyester. And the people movies that they want to see over and over again in blazing battles and pulp fiction. I mean, you know, I, I can't, it's like a vanilla ice cream factor all over again. You know, you're waving about the melting pot experience, which I'm sure was fantastic. Fabulous. Fabulous people. They want their vanilla ice cream. You know, yeah, it's just so bland and so boring. They're just too many boring people, okay? Boring. That's what we're saying here. We need to be at times so I'm just going to show us how beats talk about some of these jackasses out there who sit there with no life. Oh, I'm going to call up. I have to find still play on Cyrus. Idiots. Yeah, that's a trio of a little circle circle cave room. He's out of black to me. It was not black. The last caller, are you starting to get you like Susan Smith man? Always blaming the crap on the black guys. I'm the dark chocolate guys. I'm going to send my dog back. I'm set a rate negative after you're a, and I'm so tired right now. Yeah, after this morning it's chocolate. And I'll bet. Oh, brother. Just don't keep leading me there with those lines, okay? Choice. In fact, when you talk to a Joe Bellon Monday, you tell me that, you know, I got an oil in your trap about Joyce. I got that whole Joyce business. Yeah, yeah. He knows that, but he's powerless because he, oh, he thought he was going to come in with a best of intentions. And he was going to do this day. And then he finds out he should remember because he knows he, he already was over there or kiss he's been working for Beesley for quite some time now. He should always work for a bunch of nose pickers. I mean, even Greg Reed in my last conversation with him, hopefully the last ever says to me, at least people have no business going public. I mean, what an admission that was. Finally, after all these years, a Vizzi works for a bunch of treehugging nose picking a banjo picking Yahoo's. Yeah, who don't like to pay their bills. By the way, oh, yeah, it's always a really good, you know, come buy our stock and by the way, we don't pay our bills. Oh, I wonder if they think they're taking up questions so they can buy those switches and light bulbs for the support here. Yeah, that's a good point. I mean, none of them have gone out yet, Clarine. So don't like, you know, knock yourself out. Don't get too carried away. No emergency. I didn't even say do I can just guess which ones I like. Maybe it's the mice which. Yeah, I see. All right. Like a one down there for about five years. Anyway, the Grammys were on last night and the fact that you two got five Grammys. This is just madness. I think that this whole bushing and this whole terrorist crap off. I think the public is just losing their mind collectively. They won album and song of the year award that many of them deserve as a predictor. We go to my moriac carry, which is even more scary. I mean, if that's the best we got, remember that poll we're taking like some time when I feel like it. Which one? What is that called? Somebody who's singing sucks. Which of today's pop singers are groups is the worst? Somebody next week will do that. I mean, moriac carries already on there from my time and certainly you too. I mean, you can't complain about their music because they don't make any. They don't do music. By winning an all-fab categories for which band was nominated. YouTube, Brutitz, Career, Grammys, total of 21. And in order it's first album of the year since the Joshua tree that took prize in 88, the old Joshua tree from guiding light. And by the way, speaking of guiding light, we got no Lizzy. We got no Cassie. We got no Ross Marler who jumped to another sofa for us. We got the Asdib Cassie. We got, you know, Philip, because he turned him down. What kind of a piece of crap is that? Next day, I think we are bringing pop a bower back in a box. Was that on that 24-show Jack bower in a box? I'll find out. I don't know what to say, Bono. Said, well, how about the effort? Try that one again. Work the first time. YouTube, I don't want to go through all that. Nobody ignores fellow buss, albnomones, moriah, carry. Gwen, Stefani, can you rest, can you believe it? And Paul McCartney. Kanye. That's Kanye, your boy. But that, but I don't say it that way, because it's no time to stand. Can you believe it? You can't say, sir. Kanye believe it. I guess it's a little bit. Everybody, say, Kanye believe it. Careful. What? Moriah, you seem like an angel. He said, oh my God. Kanye believe it. Okay, I'll start saying, Kanye believe it. Carry who ended the 48 families tie for nominations lead with eight, one, three. I don't know what. I mean, that's it. That's all we got. That's all we got. John Legend, a classical, a soul revivalist in the style of Alicia Keys. One best new artist and two more Grammys, best male R&B vocal performance for the voice and piano single ordinary people. Which he performed on the telecast and best R&B album for his debut collection. Get listed. Kanye believe it. Sporting a blonde Mohawk, Sly stole on Walk On Stageering all Star Trek which is music, cut by rock singer Stevie Tyler of Erasmus. And he said, don't give me no lift. He played keyboard and sang a few lines about wanting to take you high, and Walk On Stage with a song still playing. Madonna opened the show and a multi-media duet with animated band Corillas, a project of British rock musician Damon Albarne. The cartoon trio appeared. Okay, just play that. Just keep playing. Let's hear some candy believe it. Kanye believe it. Oh, you want to hear it? No, I don't. Release no. Please. I beg you please. I'd rather hear a smash mouth. Well, you got Mariah going on. So make it on here, Kanye. Yeah. Can you get rid of her please, Kanye? Oh, she... And by the way, Luis Deline interested. Okay, sweetheart. Ian interested in that one big booby. He asked me, she ought to have the booby prize there last night. So that's what you got for the Grammys is, you too. Mariah scary. Slime a family stone. We're good. I know I wouldn't do it to you, man. For about 40 seconds. They're pretty good. We are family. I could have brought back Bob Prince, the 79 Pirates. They've Parker. Snorting up the chop lines with a lot of fun. Top, top, stargile, chicken on the Hillwood Wheel. I'm sure a Joshua and Brazil that. Oh, yeah, I'll have to change. So I guess hopefully somebody taped the Grammys last night because all of us missed it. We're pretty, we're ill in about it now. This is Neil Rogers. Rectomy is 5.62 K.A.F. The number of all of us are in the audience. We can't believe that. It's a great group of you, just for you. Oh, man! Oh, man! This is Van Rappel, former CBS Eeding News anchor man. And now, a punchline. My former netwers inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First, Bob Schiefer. Nice enough, man, but please. He's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use low games. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS Eeding News. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian. And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Pellie from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think. Plus he's skinny, earth and Kelly Riffle. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime. The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kerrick. What I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J. Lowe's butchids. Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together and she reeks of Jean-Tetay. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you a whistle is to blow a gong is to bang and Katie Kerrick has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan rather. Always your matchup bag Dan but we got to Oki Dokyu on your right now life from the Oki Feroki Swamp. Anyway the captain owner after having nice lines I need a nice big bowl of moths of all suit. Some of that you food right? Not so. What? Are you starting again with the anti-Somantic rampi yours? Dan after having nice lines I'm coming back here I'm going to watch Bear Ass Mountain. Right I can't wait for the report. The virgin copy I have in my hand and nice green case too and I suggest a case. That's right. Special for you. A diviner case it's green and it's through. Bye bye bye.