What a game last night! Yeah? Yeah? What game are you talking about? Edwinson and Dan Hines. That's what I thought. Yeah. Incredible game. It goes in the third period. Yeah. Just what it looked like the orders were going to blow them out. It was for nothing. All of us and Dan Hines stages great come back. And if they wouldn't have given away a really careless, greasy goal, they'd still be playing. I'm not talking about that crap. I could care less about that. You're not going to like, I got more important things to tell you. Yes. You know, remember I told you yesterday about the sales people were sitting around watching your show while you were in Baltimore? Yes. Looking even when empty studio and they wanted to do the same with me while I'm sitting up here in Toronto? Yeah. Well, I find out just minutes ago. Just moments ago. This will send you in a orbit. You know how Monday next Monday is Memorial Day. And of course, you're not working Monday, are you? No. No, I need to remind. Because at least one thing about us, you know, whether if I'm not here then George is on least we try to maintain some continuity and put on a show as opposed to just, you know, dragon somebody from a dumpster and putting him on here. Well, come to find out that Todd Dreck, who is the most, I'm going to hire a hitman for Todd Dreck. And the next time you start your car, Todd, I'd be real careful. Okay, I'd be real cautious. If you're like any hissing sound or smelling smoke, this little son of a bitch was going to take a, one of his car dealer responses. He was going to have the big old, he requested for the big go to do a noon to four remote that we're going to do on a Saturday, but it got bump or something. So he's going to take four hours, including two hours of our show, meaning me and George and stick it in there. Well, Todd, stick it. And of course, as usual, he didn't go to Clarence with us. He had Chris Jones, the sales manager, go to Clarence just like he hadn't come to me last week about some account that I really didn't want to do. Just a little, I'm telling him, and as sales department, we need an enemy in that place. We need a big, gigantic blueberry enemy. It's unbelievable what's going on there. It's scandalous. It is absolutely scandalous. I've been in the business for 140 years, and every time you think you've seen rock bottom of these people find a new bottom, we're so to speak. Blackthumb. It's amazing. Can you imagine that? I've never heard anything like that. No, neither of them. I mean, they don't see. See, I said the Clarence is now saying, you know, maybe this goes with the, what's going on between two and four? Like we don't have any, we're free form radio, you know? Just, you know, show off whatever your feel like it, and maybe we'll put you on and we're just going to put on what the sales department wants us to put on. Evonaley, Evonaley, they're calling all the shots now. This new Yahoo from North Carolina where he's from, he's calling the shots. There's nothing to do with a format. It's got nothing to do with anything that we want to do or endorse or believe in. It just has to do with whoever's got any cash out there that'll, they can grab a hold of, they'll put it on a year. Blackware, maybe we can like start bartering the time like you're on a KAT like they do. Like they used to do with crosses street before they put that crap on here. What do you think? And then today between noon and 1230, which we got the early Marlon pregame at 1230. Right. We got three breaks in at a half hour. I don't think I've ever, all the years have been on here had three breaks in a half an hour, but you know, something will get a minute. If I have to do them all back to back it because we're, I told you before, we're not all sports radio. We're all sports radio and this new guy they brought in, he's determined to make that happen. Yeah, we had nine minute break today. Beauty. But that should be really good for the audience. Good for like the list, Bishop. Unbelievable. Nine minute break. We're back to like the worst team breaks again. They never learn their lesson, man. These, these people are just a bunch of horrors that's all they are. They're the band you boy group in. They're just a bunch of horrors. Just pouring the frequencies and just sucking up as much cash as they can. I guess like everybody in the media, you know, that's all we are now. Gourified, Kathy Willitz's. So about the, without the freckles. I was going to tell you about the slot machines. It was in the library. I got, what do you mean you were going to tell me about it? Don't you think I'm way, how do you want it? That's also very depressing. Good, God. You talk about slow. What the hell are these people waiting for? You were telling me July and remember I kept saying, you, we have about what year? The ringing, client, you're talking about the Suncental story? Yeah. The ringing and crying your slots is likely to be heard and brought by Labor Day. Labor Day, last time I checked his in September. Yeah, well, one of the places is going to be ready to, I guess, Hollywood, dark track or whatever they're calling it now. Morty, grunt. Morty grunt will be ready in August and no stream will be ready Labor Day. And pop it all part. I'm going to, that sounds like it's going to be not going to be ready for early next year. Yeah, yeah. Well, let's say Eons. Unless you want to blow that account down the grave. We had him on the air 30 years. But they say, like, what's taking him so long? I guess they're waiting to build. Well, they had their original plans, you know? And then, of course, they had all that damage with the hurricane. And then, of course, you're fat ass governor and legislatures. Put the big stall routine on. So they had a start from scratch and we redesigned a whole thing all over again. The slides in this state will be taxed at higher rate than any place in the country. Right. Just to try to make sure that it fails. That's correct. That's your fat ass governor. Who now they're propping him up to be the next commissioner of the NFL. Did you sign that story? That is the biggest begger. Correct. Yes. No, it's the second biggest after Orlando else, the query doing a remote mom Monday from noon to four or five 30. There's as much chance that the big goal is going to be taken over part of the show Monday or any other day. And there is a view walking out the door today to find an 80 million dollars in cash and small bills. And that little refrigerator in the other room there. I think they are going to look. Yeah, look at the freezer. Maybe Bill Jefferson's got some. Maybe somebody said his in the freezer. Yeah. Maybe Jimmy Hoffa's in the freezer. Todd Drek. Well, yeah. Oh, brother. Don't tempt me, man. Never Jeffrey Dimer. Sure. Body parts in the freezer. I think that's Todd Drek. If I can't just see it now. Drek in the freezer. Remember that song smoke on the water by deep purple? I can see it now. Drek in the freezer. I can see it. I can write it. I have book of Ryan McCordett. Tick a neck. Oh, man. He is just one of the most evil little people who ever came down the pike. Oh, god. Of any size. And always hide behind somebody else's purse strings. You're always hide behind screwing and alley hides behind crystal. And all we could get you to do is come on. You jackass. God, I hate him. I just think I can update the copy once in a while. That's all. You're in your in your in your in your lallan. You must be you might maybe George shared some of his medication with yesterday because what's going on since this new guy came in here was bad enough before we don't get any new copy. We just have the same and it's just where was stale his last year's holofama and it's just unbelievable. And of course they're not into that part of it. So they're just in the right in business desperate desperation. One of your summer schedules. No, not soon enough. Not soon enough at about three and a half weeks in boy. I'm telling you, count in a minute. This is amazing to you that these the I mean I asked the answer. I may make sure to ask you every day because maybe you'll forget to tell me that there's some some great exciting new development that you forgot to talk to you about. I you know what. I'm doing I just come in to show. I need to need to. I do the show and I go home. Although today at 1230 I'll be all dressed now at the door. Yeah. Well, I'll be on my way. You're the extra time there. That's okay. Looking for a good machine. Oh yeah, no complaints about that. And Georgia course had mixed feelings about that thing on Monday because he knew he'd like to get off of their new. I think it's a phenomenal idea. Far be at for us to stand in the way of the station. They can have a buck. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I want to go about the show. I mean obviously I haven't gotten them good ratings. They have years or made them any money. So you know this show is basically you know and there at their convenience and pleasure when they have nothing else to put on here to put this show. My show on like when steering when it went inside that illegal deal. You know and left over into this show was to you already. It's like selling a house that you know owner selling it to two different people. You know what I mean? I know what you mean. These people belong. I think they belong in in Rayford. They belong in Stark. Very macloles sparky man. Far that baby up and just line up the whole the whole beastly clan. All of before the beastly is put choices as in their first. I don't think the choices as was in Ray. But also to want to sit down. But I'm in note. Yes. Happy Wednesday to the Marlins won a game last night. That's two in a row. Oh god. Are they on fire? How the hell do we find a team that could be? Yep. They have 10,979 and they know. If they had 10,000 there last night. Yeah. Tickets are paying all over the place. Right exactly. Right. Well but you got to remember the peak in was on. It had some stiff competition there on TV. Yep. So they had maybe to head next to a number in there. Maybe it was like 1,979. But yeah. Yeah. They didn't put anybody extra. They just put a hole in there like they got across the street. Like we got between two and four. We got O's. Maybe I should change my mind. Maybe we should just let them have George Lail. Maybe I mean selfish there. Let's do it. I have George get off there. That's a holiday. Right. Yeah. George deserves a break. Yeah. Let's go ahead and do it. Clarence. Go in there and tell my change my mind. I'll bet on. I'm serious. I'm not joking. What do you think? Comper. That's up to you. I mean nothing. Nothing set a precedent. Let them do it again. But I think if they go. Let's take one to put that jackass. I mean the big hole on here. He after all is. Lock solid. More power to him. Oh, and I never talked to you about his plans for he went. He went to our new leader. He's got to tell you. He wants to say more on minorities on here. More people speak at a point. I heard about that. Yeah. He thinks that's the solution to our skills. We put more Spanish speaking people on here. No, I'm not going to English. I can't. Spanish sports. What do you think? I think that's a lot of soccer. A lot of soccer. That's especially, you say, if Hank can talk about horse racing. I can talk about soccer. Yeah. Oh, and of course, I think, you know, I'm going to the World Cup and Berlin this summer. So, I'll law not go to the games. My friends are going to games. I have no interest in that. I would like to see that. I would not. It's just expecting. One of the last often broadcast I did was an extra. I did was an exhibition game in Berlin. Yeah. Yep. I think that was the end of the franchise right there. I think that's what put him in the tank. Oh, and that was the one where Rick didn't know he was on. Oh, yeah. And he was talking about the. Oh, but the, oh, yeah, about the food. Of course. And where we had that. You know, yeah, you know, it was one of the bits you played. Oh, yeah. About the chicken. Yeah. What is that? Is that chicken? Yeah. Somewhere we got that. That was part. That's great. That was done in Berlin. Yeah. Oh, he was a pan of course he took himself so seriously that I'm sure that once he found out it was on here, he just about. But he took himself very, very seriously. I like that, so you just want the money. Yeah, that's a lot of people. So, so the judge, judge who, George Gowiner and tell parents a good news. And I'll wait for the. Oh, I want you to do it. I'm doing this now. Going. If I had. Do it now before I change my mind again. Look if they got cash on the table man. Let's just take the money. And then maybe they said a person and then maybe Monday's I'll just work from 10 to noon. How's that sound? If they're gonna send a press in they can put a rock solid or in Spanish sports from noon to two every Monday get a get a 40 share with that crap I guarantee you and if you appeal in all the other no speaking ways Antelope's out there probably lost those little jackies, you know, have your cast alone. He won the a pretty nice. Yep He can speak I've heard him speak. Yeah, he's talking he speaks like all the other jackies including the female jackie They all sound the same like munchkins. They sound like they're on helium. You know like a Gilly don't think they all pretty much sound the same by the way. What ever happened? Whatever happened to Randy Romero. They get injured. Um, Randy Romero I'm not sure he's still with us. Well, he died. I don't know. I don't I shouldn't say that So he's a bad move without knowing But Romero I mentioned is because Jerry Bailey finally we turned the two of them looked so much alike It was always staggering me. I couldn't tell my part they look very much alike. They had the same moon Jerry knows a great job with us moon face. Yeah, he's very good. Well, good luck to you with that bell-man man You better hope that Burger Dini runs in here. You got a call to connection say either where I'm we're getting a hitman He's up at the ninth at Belmont on a quick two-week from Saturday. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's uh I'm sure they're devastated about that one. You know well Barbara still alive. I guess huh? Yes. He is And do a very well very risky and bouncing around It reminds me of the bird blue thing. You know, they got everybody all panicky that they could get infection and the other leg I mean I granted there are risks, but I feel I think they're a little getting carried away I think they're covering their butts. Yeah, exactly somebody asked me yesterday about Lloyd's a London You know if they had an insurance policy. Yeah, I just they did. I'm sure that they did but those are very expensive now for of course As you probably know there's a story about that and I think today's several yeah Right and the horse was ensured for 25 million wow and it is extremely expensive So well, they sure tell what didn't sure us for 25 minutes not when they find out what they're doing on Monday Maybe they'll ensure our land over 20 think of that make us un-curable. Yeah, 20 think of okay Listen have a great day to help you. I hope you clean up real big time I'm gonna go up there find a good machine mom. I'm gonna take billions of dollars out of their place I'm gonna clean that place out. I'm headed for the dentist. Are you really? Yeah, but if I get done quick enough I'll be it called yeah, well, you don't have yourself on okay keep in touch all right People are solid those of the host guests and colors and you're not reflect those of the busy grass test groupthon Oh No Waijmo Stop Absolutely Which you can't involve as he is in the lead We don't mind the little family to say Oh, what a lie! He wanted this was the gamble Maybe he's going to be so with their gamble Which he's just a hang on and enjoy the ride We're saying why We haven't got a thing down my way See the play will probably fall inside Which I'm telling these stretcher out so why We're saying why Oh, yeah 1014, so let me ask you do you go in there and give the good news I didn't he ran on the hall to see if, you know You know What does he look like? Man, why the hell not man? We're here to call on you And slack as much as possible That's right, we're here to call for him as much as he is This is QA and let's face it folks We just don't care Okay I mean why should we be at the odd ones? We already odd enough as it is We didn't care more than they did And then we'll get both of you guys off at noon I don't know about Josh, he's going to be bored up in it Yeah, you won't have anything to do with him That should be part of the deal Oh, yeah, absolutely Is that both of you guys get to leave? But he had gold a flying strip line It's a 91 rating by cigar fishing Not a cigar and cider And 9.1 by Schmokrangazine This rich flavored well balanced full body Nickerbogg once a guy's got earthy hits the dark roast coffee Chocolate, spicy pepper flavors Also try the mehia de Stio The hottest release of guard last and months It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing Not a cigar and cider A powerful big dragonic Gut wrenching cigar with complex notes of leather Earth and pepper The finishes long and full body with initial spice And a note of charred wood For a self-loaded tobacco listener By you log on to be hiasigars.com Or call him at that toll free number 1-800-35 by hia That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I A-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F Foot� Wat Phtomerine Shamemu Revealeds a message that actually makes sense I had to thank you. God, Let me see... 1 2 3. 1 2 3. A clock 4. A clock 6 7. A clock 8. A clock. A clock 12. A clock. A clock. A clock. A clock. A clock. A clock. A clock. Too many come right down to what I mean there are times of the year like new years in Christmas when we have ball games and maybe you'll come in for an hour or whatever. Right. There's a ball game or like show right. Michael. So one that has the big girl. What do you say? Absolutely. I've been doing it. I'm going to go in the middle of the day. Huh? A daytime show. I mean you know the fact that we were going to have you one there in quite frankly probably would be the only ones that have a regular person on an hour or two which seems generally to be the only ones. I always wanted to do that because somebody might probably look one listen to that. Yeah. There's good money on the table man. I know that money. We want that cash. Give us the F and money cash for all. Here's a fact that we got this morning that you got since hello George misspelled the greetings from North Carolina. What do you expect about spelling from North Carolina? No. What don't we write? Wainsville North Carolina is the home of the East Wainsville Baptist Church who's minister declared from his pulpit that any members of the church who would not support President Bush and his war should be thrown out of the church and condemned to hate these. The minister was subsequently fired at it after the National Library of Publicity with church received because of his statements. The town also has one or only one movie theater. The theater refused to show Michael Morris turn 911 and 2 is now refusing to show the Da Vinci code. Here's got a phone number here to hear the owner's reasons and he'll never show the movie. It says almost as a vintage tender and three a public library with a computer internet facility. I'm able to bring up Neil Rogers.com on it, but when I try the Stephen Colbert at the White House, I'm unable to do so because it is censored as pornographic material. This is in Wainsville North Carolina. All right, where it is sales manager came from is it? Yeah, stump is that our new sales manager stump that's where he came from. Your girl on is your stump's me, I'll tell you that. The bellies got in his mind. Here's the poll from yesterday. Other than George W. Bush, what person makes you most want a puke when you see them on TV. 1671 vote. I don't know what Eric was up to. Yes, I've passed him the poll for today about 85 times and he finally put it up there. I could have called him and said, what's going on there, Fred? I don't like bugging him, you know? Just send a big text from your fancy phone. Oh, anyway, a text on why? You have a cell phone number, don't you? Yeah, we're just texting that way, you don't have to talk to him. Oh, it's bad. Well, you're brutal. A lot's a good idea though. Other than GW, who a person makes you want a puke when you see a Montibi bill, a rally 350, the worst person in the world according to Keith Oberman. By the way, Keith Oberman's numbers are kind of like what we got between two and four, unfortunately. They're messing with you. They have no audience. Pat Robertson 326, a very solid second. Rock solid. Jesse Jackson 236, Sean Hannity, makes a lot of people on a puke 170-4, Don Rumsfeld. Here I'm carrying 18 tad with Rick Sance has won 18, same person, different language. Rosio Donald 83, star Jones 57, Nancy Grace 39, Tucker Carlson 31, Bono is bad. But third man. Mary Cheney, that self-hating dyke, that wicked nasty dykes, that 28. Paula Abdul 25, Chris Matthew 14, Denise Rodman 13, William Donald, who of the Canflip 8, Mary Madeline 7, Billy May 7, the Aussie Clean Guy, and Ron Reagan Jr. The Belly dancer. You're fair as C.F.A.7. Solomon T.S.A. So Tom says C.A. Mixing language is not, that's very bad. It's work. Even though everybody listen. Yeah, let's do a little Italian, oh, the less vanilla. How about Latin for all our Roman listeners? Oh, Philly means Bono's bad. Oh, yeah, we have a lot of Latin for it. A little of a Latin, they might not. A little bit that, right? Like that spot that you're letting the Trump press. Oh, I forgot what you're doing. I can't pronounce. You know, we have reached, no, seriously, we have reached epidemic proportions of insanity in this radio station. And of course, your good, gross personal friend that I paid a thousand dollars to, so we could get your contract renewed, and I paid him a grain out of my pocket. He's like, non-campus, he don't respond. He's not in touch these days. I'm not talking about on the phone. I'm just talking about a non-invasive email. Huh? Just in general? Yeah, just a non-invasive email that would like to answer some of the questions that I have and things that are going on. He's useless. As useless as boobs on a frog. Here's today's poll. And it's pretty interesting how the audiences turn. We've done this before, because, you know, I keep going through these different emotions and whole repertoire about 80 million times. So the callers start, how come they were not streaming, by the way? We're having some issues. Oh, they're not going to where they are. That's what back up. But soon as we're having one, issues, and I don't know who's end there on the policy arts. Just to get back to the green light again. Thanks, God. The callers suck one-on-one. If the OSTATIC calls out kill myself 67. I hate this poll 57. Listen, less 55. Stop listening 33. Bye-bye. Kiss the radio 29. That's what I voted. I'll kiss it from the inside out. Listen, much less 26. Listen, more 22. Listen, much more 18. So if you take listen more and much more than 40, and listen the same 332, that's almost 50% right there. Kiss the radio. If you take all the ones that basically, lift the callers and ask like the callers suck and put them all together, you've got 75 to 80%. And you can only assume that the callers, the 12 misfits that they probably voted numerous times on, especially outkill myself. Because one of the people going to do it, if they don't kill themselves, two or three minutes of greatness on the years. A great note is there. A lot of people talk. Huh? Since there's no other real local talk. I see. They have no other. Well, why do you mean by that? They can call across a street. Like I said. They can call the sports shows. In fact, that one promo we had from the Humber Show couple, Lazy Go, was your friend Reverend Bushmark. So they already do. That's their life. Well, they have no life. I have no life. And like I said yesterday, after all of this time, they did them going to just hand the show, the keys to the kingdom over the same 10-12 misfits. That's just pointless. You know, I think the answer is to do what we did yesterday. And that is every now and then when they least expected, reach over and punch one up and voila, work two for two yesterday. They won't happen again, probably. I'll think that'll happen again anytime soon. I'll tell you what will happen sometime soon. That is the Marlon Pregame Show. Marlon's on Decatur 20. Look at it. Make it three in a row. Over the half-less useless cubs, man. Marlon's in a cubs. It won't go five from PB Park. Jim Mandage follows the ballgame till seven. Then we got all my God. Look at that. He only seven attend the any cap one show. It's not bad enough. He usually has to follow the Marlon Broadcast. I've faith worse than death. Now he's got to follow. Oh, my God. The QM Hyena. That is a sad task. Oh, Stuttering Gilles, who all of a sudden spelling his name right today. I don't know if I'm going to find this. He never, there was never this format in his faxes before. Yeah. Give me a work that goes into that. Forget about that. Do a smarter thing and call Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt Rent right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses? Of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free and save a lot of cash to. So join the club at Club Notico called 1-800-Bolt Rent. You'll be amazed just how easy it is. There are no docking costs nor expensive upkeep. No insurance, no hurricane preparation. When you have a boat from Club Notico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable too. Call 1-800-Bolt Rent. No getting the boat ready because Club Notico does it for you. No cleaning up either. At Club Notico, here's how it works. You just give him a call. Tell him when you want to have the boat ready. Just hop on a boat and go and have a great time. When you've done pulling the dock, it often just walk away. It's that simple. Club Notico, 1-800-Bolt Rent from Unlimited Boating to pay as you go from a small boat to yacht charters. All of these things and everything in between it's Club Notico. Call 1-800-Bolt Rent. Let the folks at Club Notico tier plan to fit what you need and your budget too. Get on the water today. The inexpensive, the hassle free way with Club Notico. Call 1-800-Bolt Rent. This is Neo Roger. What's that? This is 560-2-8. That'd be a lot of fun. Neo Roger's on Sportshole Radio W2A. Hello, this is Michael V. Hayden, director of the NSA. I'll explain you about the database of telephone calling records. The NSA has been compiling. The NSA does not listen in on personal telephone calls. For example, example. Although we know Nathan R. Broth, Price of 714, Retzel Rhoden, Dullford, Kansas, made a two-minute call to his wife on Saturday May 14th, who was visiting her cousin Sandra Flutcher and Lumpur, Nebraska. We do not know what they spoke of. We are also completely unaware of the details of conversations between Nathan and his secretary, Mimi Volvano during three calls on the same day, lasting 2228 and 117 minutes. Really? And while we are aware of the 47 calls, Joseph Blanston, Price to several numbers in the 900 and 976 commercial area codes, we have no interest whatsoever. In any deviant behavior, he may be engaged in. Although we know he placed a seven-minute call to gateways and Hollywood California, we do not know what if anything he ordered. Really? Remember, our goal is protecting you from terrorists, not compiling a list of citizens with behave and ways that are condemned by our narrow interpretation of the Bible praise Jesus. And we certainly have no plans of some day, rounding them all up and pushing them into a fiery pit. Really? The NSA, you can trust us because we are good. How about you, I got a record that you don't have an airfizz. It's too old. The flying saucer by a beginning of a goodman. Really? There's a little clip from a long time. Long, long, long, long Sally in there. You never heard that flying a saucer by a beginning of a beginning of a goodman? Yeah, I have it in my hand. Oh, you have it on a cassette. Oh, I have a Buchanan and Goodman collection on the cassette that I've been meaning to digitize. Oh, look at this. Remember, in the news group, I'm looking at a Torah candidate Charlie Christ during a breakfast with other pastors. Monday said, the Lord came to him in a dream two years ago and told him that Christ would be the state stacked governor. Hey Charlie, you're fair. How do you like that? The Reverend O'Neill Dozier said that before the dream he didn't know Christ or I'd Christ made the known as plants around for good governor. I didn't know him in the biblical sense. The Lord Jesus spoke to me and he said there's something I want to know said, Dozier Pastor, the worldwide Christian center in Pompeo Beach. Charlie Christ will be the next governor of the state of Florida. How do you like that? Man, since then Dozier spent time with Christ and top of the mid-length about policy, he told the group that Christ would be an uncompromising and is Christian faith. I introduced to you as the Lord Jesus has said, the next governor of the state of Florida, Charlie Christ, Dozier said, Christ first words were, well as they say that praise doesn't get any higher and he did his George. Chief financial officer Tom Gowger who's opposed to the primary wouldn't come out of their marks after the event. And it goes on and on. Now let's see, here is a, we're noted to bottom of this mark. That's the main reason I said it because there's a little note. It says I like hearing calls but not the same price over and over. Bring back screen calls at least part of the time. No, I think we have a great idea. What you do think it's a good idea? I'm just a bust in Josh's child. I don't care. I know. You're probably like, oh, hi. On the campus, I'm on the wall. You think it's going to really change something? No. No, of course not. I mean, he'll get rid of it. I mean, he's got certain voices down. That's for sure. No, but it's not the point because they've always got their bunk bunk buddies. They're probably even then over the hand them the instrument. They make one or two if they you quit their work. But of course, and again, it's on your end. I want everybody to understand it always is in that something. You're playing the same place between the students and the local authorities. See, oh, you're playing the, you can't even buy his officers. I was well. Was you playing the place where he was wondering about this phone thing and why doesn't work? I'm old. I was a member of the community. I said, I'm old enough to remember some of this. Oh, wait a minute. We're now. Yes, sir. I just want to hear my person already. Okay. Good. Well, I've fastened improvement, though. We'll take that. I can't have for your loud man. See if he can get those good vibrations. That was good. That was a different. Somebody different anyway. Right? Mm-hmm. Okay. That's enough for right now. Yeah. I'm going to pick up from that thing. Yeah, it's a good thing. You're good. Here too, here goes everything else. You scream, you scream. It does. There's really a loud man. We're waiting on station where I think you just don't work, man. It's just are sometimes to do and sometimes to reason to be too in every day like he used to say on S. U.N. those days. Check back what is later, you know, as if to say, well, we know you know, like whatever is on right now. But check back what is later, maybe there'll be something on you like then, when you hear those needle tapes for the 18th time that day. You know, I'm really distraught because I've been, I went several days without reading Bob Lassard's blog, you know, and then today, it's talk to so far, you know, you figure you'll catch up. And so I read today, and I guess yesterday, a couple of days ago, he had written what he thought was going to be the last entry on there, and then he let people respond, which he's been doing what's among the other comments. And he's in very bad shape, which I'm very sorry to hear. And I've been emailing back and for it not for a while now. But, you know, for a while, we were emailing and talking to full much of twice. And I don't know what to say, you know, you read some part where you like to email, but, and I read all the other messages from some of the, uh, his list there's over the years. And some of the messages are fine, and some of them are, well, you know, the Lord this and even though they know that he's an atheist, like I am, and don't want any part of the audience, graphic, they just insist on foisting and upon him. They really do. They think that the closer you are to depth, you'll come around. Yeah, I'll exactly right. Well, I'm not, you know, I don't want to say closer to depth, because that sounds awfully final. But I just, I wish in the best, I probably will send a message later on, but just, uh, sad, really tragic. But it happens to be a best of a sooner, I haven't doll of this. Just epidemic sooner or later, it's going around you. Just sometimes too soon. Twenty-two, eleven and five, sixty-w-u-y-m at the melting pod, man. This isn't just another meal, man. This is another hamburger joyer steakhouse. This is an incredibly unique place. Fondu is a memorable, forecourse dining experience at the pot. Where you can really dip into something different and delicious. At the melting pod you'll enjoy a variety of unique, on-phrase, and special melting pod dipping sauces. That's the key, man, is those sauces. Imagine starting dinner with a melting pod, right on cheese fondu served with three different bread's, grannies, with apples and crisp menus. Next, you choice to salad, double the melting pod, so made dressing. I'm present, include lobster, filet, mignon, shrimp, caigens, season, chicken, pork, portable or shrooms, duck and lots more cooked than oil or broth. And those melting pod dipping sauces, like I said, are a really spectacular. For dessert, beyond spectacular, they have been invented to word in English language to describe. Just how good those desserts are. The chocolate fondu is beyond description, like I said. They follow your fruits in their man, your fresh strawberries, bananas. Stick your banana in there, your pineapple. And your cheesecake grannies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crust Oreos and graham crackers. The melting pod for something delicious, different and affordable too. Take the whole gang out there, real soon. You'll find them all over town now. There's a melting pod in Kimmel, Cooper City, North Army Beach, Boka, Cros Springs and most prestigious for modern age. This is meal Roger. This is 5.16. The van chicken is upset. U Possibly caught his, they're big contracts today. Bring that rock, rawware to flicks his bogus, and aan panfried rice, a big cheek cold. But the controversy's proving it's just the little means Don't have a puzzle And they're kicked off more They're just making it to fun They're more religious than angry as to when she goes They're proud they say the cause They just can't stand this time They're angry and I'll tell you the reason why They say at the line just like James Roy When you go to buy your ticket You may see people pick it on a side of the road But not everyone's agree in millions of folks You'll be seeing Tom Hanks in the big chicote San 4614 before 11 at 5.60 WQM Let's get down to it, okay? Ah, totally a bit more afflended, isn't it? I think it would be a good night with you Like rain all the flim out of my neck The rain and kind of your slots speaking That is likely to be heard and browned by a lady Like I told on for this is so So sad, so slow, I hear anything else in Florida man Oh good stuff is coming if you live long enough It's coming but don't be breath I don't know Look at that Oh wow, I think that's my first magenta flim in history Officials while good old-yentered deserves to Haka play a magenta, no anything? Oh yeah, forget to play this So there's a couple of small fear about this Who's seeing him? What's going on in that game? Hey, there's a police We got to move the other person who are me We're back up in the wood and the other thing Right, okay, so no Officials from Hell and Dale Beach is Marty Grahra Stratkin gaming center, which is Hollywood Dogtrag And ghosting Park City yesterday They're ready to push ahead For example I guess that all decisions Not so good Even as the state put the finishing touches On my machine regulations the finishing touches They're touching it As slowly as they possibly can Topn0 Park harness which isn't going 140 million dollar renovation hope To get it's 1500 machines operating Back early next year I'm ready to go and sit Dan Eckon's vice president of Marty Grahra Which used to be How to Would Greyhound Who led to draft the very slon machines to Florida This has been six long years And not getting excited next week State Division of Permitial Waging yesterday held the final public hearing and how to regulate the new gaming centers, a room full of paramutual and gambling executives lobbyists and representatives from slot machine manufacturers spent hours reviewing more than 100 pages of regulation expected to be in place by late June. The rules can be contested by anyone to deny 10 days if they are challenged, you'll take effect 21 days later. We tried to craft the rules in the best way to protect the citizens of the patrons and label the paramutuals to operate in a fair manner, so David Roberts directed the paramutual division, which was putting the rules together. The state law adopted by Legislature in December allows each paramutual to carry to install to 1500 machines mine. The revenue from those slots will be taxed at 50% the highest rate in the nation for an expected windfall of $29 million the first for your evaporation. The windfall could be much much higher, except nevertheless. Just to cutting down a number of machines and cutting down a can't do this and you can't do that. Cancer of drinks can't have the ATM. The Legislature mandated that the Division of Algorithm by early July or give Roberts for paramutuals temporary licenses to begin operating, if the state rules are challenged, the temporary licenses will be issued. While the state can take up to 90 days to process license applications, even see a official said it's usually done the less time. At Concentrate could add the new gaining up and running by late August. If there are no hold-ups and either is application or licensing of the slot machine manufacturers by the state. There appears to be no construction activity in vain to highlight, Steve started the paramutuals present gave no indication when he plans to apply for license or skirt slot operations. Why would that be? I wonder what that's all about. Workers of Gulf Stream and Marty Gerr are hammering away at rooms that will house their slot machines. At Pompano Park, large tractors are digging up sand and dirt as they prepare for a 157,000 square foot racino, kind of like woodbine. Steel beams and construction material have been sitting in a parking lot for so long waiting for the state to come up with regulations. At track of Pizzle of the Pagan getting questions from patrons about it. The stuff has been sitting there since May of last year said, dig find where the park's animal manager, we decided to have a little fun. The things have gone up and large red letters are clearing future site for world's largest legal building and racino construction coming soon. Recently the materials have been moved around. Our contractor said that hopefully by the end of next week there will be the beginnings of some steel going up in the air, find verse. They're going up in the air. Kind like most of the horses that they've ingrained drives, they're going up in the air all day, jumped it off again, I'll be damned. Okay, let's see. Let's take a look at that poll so far. This is one of the most important scientific polls we probably ever take when we do this. How many times have we done this poll before? I'm not third man. All right. And probably if nothing else, this does accomplish one thing and that is it, let's some of these jackasses cooler heels for a while, cooler, cooler phones off, give it a rest. Yeah, give it a rest. I couldn't put it better myself, give it a freaking rest. 825 votes. Or in by the way, we will make 1000 by 1230, aren't you proud of us? Yeah. So what's the story? Did parents come back and receive that? I've come back yet. So, well why not? On the edge of my team. Maybe they're, you know, I think I should be patted on the back and probably give it an extra 50 grand or something just for being such a hell of a nice guy to go along with them. Or at least we ought to, the three of us ought to divey up whatever cash is coming in from that sale, you know, your remote. All right. We ought to be able to skim the cream. Christ, say, so I have a little something to stick in our freezer just enough to what our beat. Right. 825 votes. 831. Oh, they're coming in a big, gigantic, juicy chunks now. If Neil stops taking calls, I'll listen, and by the way, the guy that called today, the one, if you're listening yourself on the radio, you thought you sound pretty good. Call us back tomorrow. Maybe we'll give it a 2 to 4 slot. If, if, if, if, well, we got to find out how many things. If Neil stops taking calls, I'll listen to the same. 375-733-44.8%, damn near 45%. Damn near half. The caller's suck, 117. There's another 14% now. We're almost up to 60%. I'll kill myself 74 because. I have no life. Those are the caller 74. Those are the, and of course 74 means each one of them is voted about 10 times. Right. I hate this pool 65, and I have no idea why. I think it's a fabulous pool. Fabulous. I'll listen less 63. I'll stop listening 37. How do you like that, Mr. Smarty Pants? Oh, bye bye. Listen, let's see. I'm not, I've never been one of those people like, um, impressed with threats from the audience. Because I know that they're not going to stop listening. Right. No matter what. Are you threatening me? Yeah, right. Stop listening 37. Luckily story. Listen much less 31. Kiss the radio has got. But third man. Including George. Who probably got some bad impression. He'll be out. He'll be out again next couple of days. I'll listen more 23 and listen much more 18. So put those last three categories together between Kiss and it. Let's see. Fifty and it's six, eight. I mean, you're talking a lot of people who are just grossed out by what has been going on here. And of course, we're grossed out by this new management team. Both the general mangle and the sales mangle who are just like playing fast and looped live. Life is just some kind of a play toy. Like they just went to a Lionel play world. They got a brand new toy and they're like, uh, I did learn around with it. Don't you get that impression? You know, I'm not sure. I miss Lionel play world. Oh, do you? That was a good shot. Boy, I don't know what to tell these people are thinking. And I use that term very loosely. Less than half of Americans are satisfied with nine, eleven investigations. According to a news dog, we pull less than half of Americans are convinced that the events of nine, eleven have been thoroughly investigated. Raw story has learned. In the telephone survey of 1200 individuals, just 47 percent agreed that the 911 attacks were thoroughly investigated and that any speculation about U.S. government involvement is nonsense. Almost as many, 45 percent indicated they were more likely to agree that so many unanswered questions about nine-level remain that Congress or an international tribunal should reinvestigate the attacks, including whether any U.S. government officials consciously allowed or helped facilitate their success. This poll is the first servant that's attempted to gauge the level of American doubts about nine letters were ended up looking after the nine-level event revealing the truth between our future conference to be held in Chicago in June. Not surprisingly, Republicans as a group, with the most significant disappointment in Blets and Superheroes, and I think that last sentence there needs to be read again. 45 percent indicated it is more likely to agree that so many unanswered questions about nine-level remain that Congress or an international tribunal should reinvestigate the attacks, including whether any U.S. government officials consciously allowed or helped facilitate their success. This poll is the first servant that's attempted to gauge the level of American doubts about nine-level group, when the most supportive of existing investigations, because there are a bunch of idiots and a bunch of bush liqueurs, with 70% expressing their satisfaction about the same percentage that is expressed in full of Bush's performance of recent polls. 64% of those are earning over 75 grand were also skeptical of doubts about 911, which had we that sentence again, to 64%, well I see, we're skeptical of doubts about 911. The group's most likely most likely to want to attack the investigation, where his panic said 67% and African Americans said 64%, dark folks. Other groups also skewed one way or another, but would the majority position generally not above 58%. Overall, the breakdown on a question closely followed the usual political divisions in the country. Republicans are getting versus Democrats and independence, whites versus minorities, the wealthy were in better educated versus the poor less educated, people over 50 of versus those other 50, men versus women. This route balance that opinions is itself a striking finding, and suggests that doubts about the official accounts in that 11, far from representing an extreme prison position have become a standard component of anti-establishment attitudes. When asked specifically if they thought there had been a government cover up about an insol-conradency official story, the results were again not far from an even split with 48% rejecting the idea of a deliberate cover up, and 42% supporting it. Believe in a cover up was the majority position among Democrats and among 18 to 29 year olds and a few other groups. You see that? 18 to 29 year olds. I say, young people don't believe in a government, you know what they got to sum on it. It's finally. Not of course that they voted or didn't bother doing anything about it, but nevertheless their vision of smoking a lot of big fat ones and get laid and who to help him blame him. Especially when all this Iran business coming up pretty soon, you know, that's the June surprise, the Julio surprise, the October whatever it's going to be. So there's some kind of a super animal-pious surprise. 853 votes, man. We'll have that thousand easy by 1230 by the time for the pregame show. We've got the Uxia's Day van Boring and Raxi Foxy Bernstein who's got that gully sound like deal going. We got them with a broadcast from out there at PP Park and I checked the weather forecast. It says, on my thing, no rain. At least very, very minimal chance of rain. Now that you look at the window, it's a cloudy. Look at that wall. Huh? You got that window there by the wall. Oh, look at that. That's a wall. Are you looking at it? The parents come back in there and say, you're good to go on Monday and you can leave any of them. You guys at noon? Yeah. Well, I'm going to tell you something. We're going to be a flag from Todd Rack. We're trying we're bending over backward and we're going to all in need of group a carapack through on Monday to try to cooperate and help them put some swirl on here so they can make some cash. They can rape some poor unsuspecting sponsor out there and put Brock solid that on here from noon before. Good God. If you have a business, you need to get customers away from the competition. And I got the perfect business partner for you. Pubstep printing and design. Pubstep can design and print everything you need in your arsenal. Hey, just look at the display booth. They made about me at our website right there at the bottom where I belong or see even more of their phenomenal work at Pubstep.sf.com. Pubstep can print everything from business cards to banners, post you through their specialties, trade your booths and displays. Pubstep design and printing the very best for over 14 years now and Pubstep can handle it all in house too. Call them 954 77727275. It's 954 77727275. But he had to take a look at all our great stuff on the line at Pubstep.sf.com. Look, you're best to get those new customers. It's your business and it's Pubstep's business to make it look as good as possible. Call 954 77727275 or go to Pubstep.sf.com. Like I said, and look for my picture under building on the X-Hawage and Growth Commercial. You'll damn your drive off the road. Choose the very best Pubstep printing and design called 954 77727275 2 day. This is Neil Roger. This is 5168. This is the Neil Roger show. This is the plane. Any questions? 1, 2, 3, 4, more bombs drop. 5, 6, 7, 8, more bombs drop. Time's in limits. Well, more bombs drop. We're going to drop. It's a bomb around the glass. We're going to drop. They're bombs in big ups and. Loose that drag. Right off their heads. We're going to fall around. We're going to rock tonight. We're going to fall. Come on. Come up. Up there. Good day. Go. Yeah. There's a wheel gone. We're going to fall around the black tune that we're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on the black tune that we're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. We're going to pop on top of their life. No one falling to the moon. Just go and sing to Noah your!!!!! Stupid!) Dad he's a boring cow!!!! Good old fake say. I will be bummed about what you say. Don't play tijdens, he's just going to slap, Oh, black. Oh, black. Poor Carl Perkins, man. He never got his doing, you know? When it was grave, always in the shadow of Elvis. But then he had a lot of company, and Elvis, he sure ripped that off at A.S. And we're plot of stuff off. But as we did, the Beatles ripped a lot of stuff off too. Right? Right? So I guess it goes with the term. I mean, did some covers, but. Nah, yeah, it's a rip off. I mean, if somebody else does it, it's a rip off. If the Beatles did it, it was a cover, okay? I know, if anybody does it, a cover is when you, you know, I know what it is. I know exactly what it is. It's like when Rick Nelson recorded on walking, in fact, stomping a lot of it. Give that white photo what for? That's right. What for? We're going to lose jobs column here. Do I dare read it? I'm going to throw it away. Somebody just backs over a lude doves. Or I just said that. That's so weird. I sure all but doesn't say bush and congress tell working folks to go to hell. It says, doves. Bush congress tell working folks to go to hell. Well, I got in my hand right now in the story too. I don't like that. I'm so far a hanging people man, a horse is down the road and you're just clean up his load that he left behind. President Bush, this is Lou Dobbs, your fat faced here on CNN. President Bush says that the installation of it, we forgot to watch what's his name this morning. Yes, we did. He's from him. Well, we'll get going. We don't want to turn on too early because they will see I'mus. President Bush says that the installation of the new Iraqi government was a watershed event, but at the same time, more than Americans of the challenges that the losses we continue to do, and we continue to work against the Iraqi insurgents. Senator Harry Reid declares that legislation would render in Western-Essual languages racist. 37 Democrats vote for full honesty for all the Australians in this country, even though nobody we know as well the numbers 11 might in 12-minute or 20-minute or maybe even... The Senate Republican leadership demands that a comprehensive immigration reform plan must be passed before this more than weekend, and the president signs it a lot of tax cut and racist tax on the educational funds of teenagers saving for college. Never before in our country's history of both the present and congress, been so out of touch with most Americans. Never before, so few of our elected officials and corporate leaders, in less willing to commit their national interest, and never before as our nation's largest constituent group, some 200 million-middle-class Americans, 200 million, like I said, bill without representation in our nation's capital, says Lou Dobbs. George W. Bush's approval ratings have slumped to the lowest of his presidency. The approval rating for Congress is even lower, and nearly three quarters of Americans believe the country's end in the wrong direction. But what's our government doing about that? It's kind of like a QAM. Nothing. The president is staying the course in Iraq and apparently demanding little of his generals to create a new far more effective strategy for urgent success. Of course, he also wants against worker program and honesty for millions of illegal aliens. And Congress faced with midterm elections in just over five months, as intent on giving the president what he wants, and telling working men and women and their families, Americans, citizens all to go to hell. illegal aliens are more important to this Congress than securing our borders and our ports. More important than those legal immigrants have waited a line in who followed law. Yeah. The Senate is added to the litany of Lutusy that makes up what it calls reform. illegal aliens will only have to pay back taxes on three of the past five years. They will not be prosecuted for felony sections, identity theft, or purchasing or using fraudulent social security cards. And unlike millions of these holders who have to leave the country to have them renewed, they may simply remain in the US rather this Congress and the President, given away all the benefits and privileges of American citizenship. This is an outright assault in the A. Lee D. D. War on the Middle Class. And working men and women who have already become the, who have already borne the pain of losing good pain, manufacturing jobs and a middle class jobs outsourced to cheap foreign labor markets are faced with the onslaught of a boy legal immigration and cheap labor in the American economy. This President and Congress talk about bringing illegal aliens out of the shadows while they turn out to light on our middle class. President Imposition is most trusted advisors tell us how our economy is doing. How many jobs have been created and how so called free trade will enrich the lives of the same people whose livelihoods these policies are destroying. It's not hard to think of the trusted advisor to Katherine the Great who sought to hide from her the investing and shot a condition of Ukrainian and economy in villages by having a leopard for sauce built to divert her attention and mask an uncomfortable reality. I don't know whether Carl Rov is President Bush's grid or a pretend gun or whether George Bush is created to pretend to be a good man or a good man. But the officials are cracking and fully fronts of failed policies are quickly crumbling. Six thousand non-obnational drugs have been working as adjunct we are support to our underman under liquid border patrol. It's not border security. Two million illegal aliens continue across our borders and depressed wages by hundreds of billions of dollars every year. The millions of manufacturing and middle class jobs lost over the last five years have been replaced by low-rage employment. The President's faith-based commitment to so-called free trade will meet likely lead to a one trillion dollar US tour in account deficit this year and a trade deficit of four and a half trillion dollars after 30 years of trade deficit. About 30 minutes. While the President and Congress points in no child left behind is a solution to our educational crisis. We're failing an entire generation of Americans who test scores continue to fall and whose high school dropout rates will be embarrassing to a third world country. And a third world country is what we will be if our elected officials don't soon come to their senses. That's your hero Lou Dobbs, what do you write? You go, Lou. And I had it. I just printed that baby out. I had it in my hand before that fact before even that chance to send me just the facts. Keep trying to tell these people you're on top of it. But they won't. On top of it, baby. I'm on top of old smokey man. Who did that song on top of it? And then it was also on top of spaghetti. Right. I read the Bion top of the cheese. I think I'm allergic to that pasta bottle. Really? I'm thinking. Yeah. I'm going to go about a week or ten days and just not have any. And see if that I'm thinking I might be. Well, though, because the foods that you crave, they've always said this to foods that you crave or the food you're allergic to. And ever since I was like, uh, long ago, a couple years ago when I was young, who says that? Top. I want to say it. I want to say it. It's not coming to me. I don't care where you go ahead and smack him in a mouth. He just tried to rationalize your own average behavior. That's right. pasta and ice cream. Those are the two things have allergic to go back. You know when that goes back to especially 1975, W.J. and OS prom beach after a lot of hundred pounds. I lost a hundred pounds in a long, old, about a year. I went from 266 to 170. Okay, so it's only what I'm supposed to pound. What a tub. Oh, I was big as a house. I was as big as a part. I was almost at the mountain house. About half as big as fat boy. I'm not big in the say. Don't go crazy. No. By the way, first reference that he and fat boy are going to be next. I think that Bretton Todd record to be next. If I get to vote, there's a be the two I vote for. Because Bretts is totally Indian and Todd is all my God. Can you even believe what a shameless piece of turd he is? I've stepped on better things than him. I believe it. And hit it through my shoes out. Eight hundred ninety five-fold already. Man, we're going to have that thousand before we shake up a lamb's tail. I'm going to wear that expression came from. Probably Michigan State. I don't know. There's a dictionary for things like that. If Neil stops taking calls, I'll listen the same. Four hundred and six. Four five point three percent. See that? I say, if I stopped taking calls. Now, we'll never. I mean, you know, we did that said months ago. Did take any calls. I'm not going to go. I'm going to go necko with that crazy. And of course, you win you run. You know, the calls to you are a crutch. Right. And of course, a crutch, it generally falls out from under your armpit. That's right. That's right. While we come to upper feet. You can come back for more. The collar is suck. A hundred and twenty six. So you put those two together. Got almost sixty percent right there. Holy moly rat man. There's almost sixty percent right there. I'll tell myself, seventy six. Those are the course out of people who, this is their outlet. This is their reaching out to the human race. The subhuman race. I hit this pole seventy. I'll listen last fifteen. Now, sixty nine. Stop listing thirty nine. Four point three percent. We'll stop listing. Well, we'll survive without you. Have a great life. I'll listen much less thirty three. I'll kiss the radio thirty. Will I kiss it? As Bubba would say, I'll listen more twenty four. And I'll listen much more. Much much much much more twenty one. Faith UNO. We impressed. Nine hundred votes. What do you mean by that? Oh, and this is a. These are dark. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. They're going to be a lot of things. And then all the cover practice and nutritionists and the religionists and the fakers and the shakers and the Quakers. That was really. And it's time I guess it was okay. You know, did all right. But generally speaking, I was babysitting for people in 90 plus, deaf plus 10. I was a babysitter for old farts, for a hospital. And that's why I went all the way to the side. I started ripping old farts. That's why I bought an assured turn on me like a corner to rat. Imagine I'll try the whole audience turned around at that point. When I talked about these early birds and this cheapness and this infractor and opening your neighbor's mail and just being miserable and helpful and not wanting anybody in these of 100 living your complex and if it was your grandkids who had come and ripped a place apart, it was okay. But if somebody else who had kids who wanted to kick their ass out, all of these things, nothing has changed. It's still the same. I hear this making that stuff up. That's why no matter how old I get and believe me, I'm old. I could never even relate to that crap. Oh, I got to admit you one thing. Okay. As life goes on, like when I'm at wood vine, I'll see somebody's, you know, people there's 70s or 80s. I don't know how, as you get older, it's harder to tell how old people are. Okay. When I was younger, I had a better grasp on it. And I think to myself, okay, well, maybe that guy is like 72. Am I going to be like that in 90s? Yeah. Yeah. What? Crotchity or decrypt? Both. Just a real miserable old fart. 11. 13. That's five. 60. Don't say we didn't warn you. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pomp and a park racing and poker is about to gambling. You want to know, a lot of starting sometime. Located just about a half mouth and both on 95. The turn, Pike Pomp and a park is easy to get to. And best of all, Pomp and a park features free admission and free general parking every single day of your life. Live harness racing in the smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday, like today, Friday and Saturday. Poker gets underway at noon about 45 minutes. Goes on till midnight. And live racing gets underway, not only at 725, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, like a night. The poker room also features tournament play all day and all night. And don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays like tonight. That's when Brapier so does hot dogs and lots more. I'm just a bucket piece starting at 6 in the PM. Come on enjoy a fabulous meal and patents place on the fifth floor. You can choose from the chef's not of a special great T-bone steak or maybe a giant burger or a chicken sandwich. That's chicken rift. That was great talking with the hank about rickweaver and that chicken thing. You'll find that there's somewhere. We got more. Or maybe we have to throw it out. That'll that. Huh? You hear that? Right here. Why? What? What? Were you playing it? No, no. There was some disconnection sounds going on. What are you talking about? Click, click, click. Click this. Competitive Park is also open seven days and nights a week. Feet to be the best and hardest. Throw bread, highlight action from all across the earth and murky. If you're watching Plunge your guts on. Don't forget Brian Sears is a living God. Top at a park of Black South Atlantic, over on Powerline Road for the Currician Schedule. Go online at www.topatopark.com or call 954-97222000. And be sure and compliment Dick Feinberg on those Hawaiian shirts. This is Neil Roger. This is by 62A. This is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger. Oh, the Muffy is so nice. The Muffy guys. The Muffy guys. The Yosel going down the day. The Muffy is so very sad. And there is a day. The Muffy is so very sad. The Muffy is so very sad. And there is a day. The Muffy seems. And they bring us a game now and crazy tomorrow. There is a demon shout. Because we bring a birthday party tomorrow. And then allegiance to author's short life demon reads the floor.เผ!!!!aaa!!!! This is Ten For The K Play. We train the same name Explain the game! It's Ten Fucks! Please let it stop. Don't forget the name of the family. It's rabbi Sakurai and we Ganze have disagreed with the people I'm gonna have to cover you and see you I'm gonna have to cover you and see you I'm gonna have to let's barely travel with just a time And I will have to be with you when you say goodbye I will have to be with you today When you say goodbye, you don't need no You know it's a lie, don't you? I'll be with you You know what I'll do, respect I don't want to pick on dead people But I think that's a really good pull I'm gonna make a note of that right now I don't want to forget it That's a good pull idea People who became highly overrated after their death Like Elvis? Yeah, he was overrated before his death But still So no, there was yes or no Why not? Like Marilyn Monroe I'm going to pull right now We got the one for tomorrow thanks to one of our listeners Eric's already a guide And I hope after their death And buddy Holly I mean you know he was okay, he was good That was a good idea He had tangy suit, we had old boy in the head That one many die You know, but his music was fine I mean he was probably the one He's like a self-like head He's a man But just said But then like Richie Balons Another one that you hate like poison You're a bomba Right? As a matter of fact, speaking of Richie Vailance wouldn't surprise me Oh, oh, you're like dad And probably I was looking about before he came So get on the plane with Katherine Harris We'll see you go get on Now let's see Was Richie Balons who was on the same plane with buddy Holly And the big bopper of my correct answer Correct, correct, correct Yes, okay, and Katherine Harris Right, you could put what's a James Dean on that pole Okay, let's see, buddy. I don't want to be building that pole right Now I'm trying to do a brief radio show here We've got to punch my guts out Elvis Marilyn Monroe Marilyn Monroe Who else do we say? Marilyn Who? Marilyn Monroe James Dean But it's going to be a long list People who all of a sudden became much more High meal-related After they died Anyway, look for the QM van right now The Hooters Park a lot on Ponzi University To pick up a pair of free tickets to the Safnoons Marlin Come again at the same There ought to be one fantastic crowd Man, you even have a blast with that crowd today At the old ballpark How many people do you think going to be there for an afternoon game? Not a tournament Surprise everybody man Come Marlin is going for a clean sweep Against those awful cubs, but it comes most really be an awful author band For a pretty year sweep Instead of making it happen You think that's going to happen? Probably not Or, now why do you say that? You have such little considering all the games they've won They sure I would say it's not a good odds that they speak To Rasson Monday, maybe No, Violins would Violins would Violins would Violins would I don't even have to have their feet Exactly Anyone who was in 5-4 last night was at the Final School of 5-4 I was also at the Final School of In a hockey game last night Eminten 5 and Anne-Hime Mighty Ducks 4 That was one of the most Siddly 183 periods I've seen in many many years That was great hockey, well that was good Always cracks me up every morning When Hank especially started You know hyperventilating about shack And I don't care about it Even if I tried unless somebody paid me a lot of money I can't pretend to care about something But I don't include in that crap Freak and street ball You know, I'll be 7 foot guys Simejama and you know And pretty soon I have 10 foot guys Who's head will come out at the top of the basket Who's head will be right at the rim if I can say that Can I say that? No, who's head will be right at the F*** It's just ridiculous It's basically almost It's like a step away from the WWE F or goes on In addition to which if you really watch the NBA And I have watched like a few seconds here and there The traveling that goes on now I mean it takes like 6 giant steps How many steps do you have to take before it's called for a I'm turning now You know what I'm saying Josh? Yes, 3 but for Shack at 6 Yeah, he can take 6 giant steps because he's a monster in the That mess plus I think he's worth that I see sleeve 925 votes on a pool of Neil stops taking calls I'll listen the same for 2018 Well, let's just see for the heck of it WWE am hello Mr. Neil Yes sir Hey, I like it pretty good Who's calling that you're working on for overrated after death Don't forget to put Ronald Reagan on that pole Oh, yeah, good one Thank you sir Excellent. Thank you See I think I might have a point And then see was that a good one Is it R Four for four Now you might say well I kind of called earlier and now he was good No, he was just fine He was good. He was honest. He admitted he wanted to hear what he sounded like and the radio By the way, don't forget about coming back tomorrow morning If you think you sounded okay, well, we'll give you two to four slides Not every day, you know, we're still auditioning Till about July next year How long you think this clairvoyant clown? How long you think his deal is? You see basically I just I give up because you know, normal kid I guess since I sent the money I guess that's the end of that, you know Yeah, it's like yeah feed in the dog you won't see it for a while That's right. He's got his cash now So he's out there up losing the boulevard away Where he's doing and I won't see him for a while I'm looking for runaways I have no idea what he's doing and that's it And clairvoyant, you know, and see doesn't even darken our door anymore And I'm going to say that I'm going to be late Am I right or am I wrong? Right, I'm sorry I was trying to get a song going there I've never just played that yesterday Delchand and can you hear it? Oh, anyway, did I never give you a result? I didn't pull by stuck that other call in there I was excellent was good one for that pull that we're going to be pretty Somebody on Friday If Neil stopped taking calls, I'll listen the same as always Not 425% now 45.2 Less you soul Oh, and they're starting again with his bird flu thing They're starting again everybody whipped up just after yesterday when I said there's never been one case of human human Which there has not and now a question mark. Yeah. Oh, look at this Anderson pooper Did Jesus Christ exist at the venti code? Who knows and who cares in another gitchkey? Of a color suck 134 that's 14.4% so right there like I said that 60% right there right from the gift go as they say that was they say That's a gift go as they say I'll kill myself 79 I have no life I hate this pole 73 I'll listen less 72. I'll stop listening 39.4.1% Do you believe me? No. I'll listen much less 33.3.5% Because I want to hear those reading nifty colors I can see that you know that the amusing part of it is that I put these on there to give people an out like you know like a place to go But if they really think that I believe that it's just you can I can't be that stupid I'll kiss the radio 32. I'll listen more 25. Listen much more 22 I should have also put I'll listen much much much much much much much more. Should I right now? We already got 929 by noon. We'll have that thousand we'll have it looked aren't you impressed? I know you're not really impressed but I'm moderately impressed. I bet your Josh is just blown away by it I am shocked I am Yeah, see you think that on these days when we and you want it or why? Because the audience does because we have a very large figure about the colors and time about the listeners and normal people I don't really sum up what they do on the days when we have the ball game. They listen a lot more between 10 and 1230 You know what I'm saying? They listen much faster faster. They concentrate much harder than hang on every word and they like turn it up like twice as loud To compensate for the bracket Concentrated listening. Yeah, they had hours to beat your buddy on there before for the national spelling be a contest winner or something like that See what I'd say about him suit What? What's all this he know about American jeopardy. He's a Canadian He kind of like Neil Young. We could play that twice Neil Young and we could be right to the ball game But to play till we're old. Let's impeach the president. Well, I got a hit start You know sometimes it's the things you can't see that can hurt you in south Florida for 28 years Right concept is simply the best It drives in your carpets. That's why I've used him for over 21 years I know every time they come to my homes They're going to make those carpets look like I just had brand new lead right on the floor When you drive clean your carpets, you really can clean today and are tainted because they drive just a couple of hours Instead of being soaking like wet for hours and days like with the other joints Your carpets take clean the longer there's no sticky residue left behind And with over 50,000 satisfied customers You know you got plenty of company people realize the dry concepts be the best And don't forget, dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration Keep that in mind all during these next several months during the hurricane season Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minute not days And dry concepts can get your own business dry within 70 at 24 to 72 hours it's guaranteed And a top all of this off-dry concepts also has a state of the art oriental website Planting plant the only one in south Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive area Ruggs looking just like brand new so near stuff a humongous favor called dry concepts today at 1-800-248-5-071 What does that number again? 1-800-248-5-071 is for daybrowden the palm beaches or log under their website DryConships.com This is a new Roger's This is 5-62-2-8-6 So, Riddian's done as dirty Out of the air, this varies muscles grow He once I trimmed down a window about call I hit home run thanks to you If you're the tricker, I just think they're rude I think you've been You'll be dumb and you'll be me, Ellie Go ahead I think you don't share my pain You'll be me, you, cheating, fuck I think you'll be fat, you know You and me are indifferent legs For your day that's the way it would be You'll be me with tight tracks Just don't give me no effort I'll be you babe You'll be dumb and I'll be you babe I'll be you babe I'll be you babe I'll be you babe You're the one I miss and I'll be you We're all in it, I'll be happy If you're happy, we'll be gone And if you're so big, I'll be back If you're the best, I'll be sure you don't give Watch, I'll be you babe Just don't give me no effort Just don't give me no effort Fuck Fuck Fuck You have a beautiful You don't have to Not really you're frosted my ass back then And I frost my ass even now I would say 1958 Let me let me look for my desk Huh, oh doesn't say on who I am, you're that a bitch But I've actually, if I go to the insurer, it'll say, no, no, you think it must. It does. The diamonds a little lower. I came for these seven, I was close. If you were within one year, close enough, it's okay. But anyway, the original hit on that was by the gladiola's, which was much, much better. Maybe you got that there, I doubt it. I don't. It's true. I'm going to go and give it one of these days soon. Although I have been updating with the oldies, you know, that collection that's back here that's in complete people. Pick through it already, oldies, but goldies, but goodies, whatever. You've been putting them in the computer's hole a bit surely. Well, if it's on there, but probably one by the diamonds, like I just played. Anyway, the gladiola's had the original hit on that. It was much, much better version. The diamonds, as you just heard, it's very can't be. And it's just, you know, it sucks. But they had the bigger hit because the diamonds were on mercury record. I don't know if I put the gladiola version. You never did? I might have, I don't know. I'd have to. You're kidding. If it's the last dancing, I do. I'm going to go out and get it. All right. I. I just sent a message to a blob over there and emailed her in a break. I just feel insufficient. You know, they're, I'm just not good at that kind of thing. I don't know if anybody is good at that kind of thing, but it's just unfortunate. 26 till noon, and so anybody who is a lacitor, whisperer, fan, you probably want to check out of a blog, last couple of days and check out what's going on. It's not good. Proported bin Laden message, Musale, not part of 9.11. Website message, preferably for most some of it, Lawdon says that neither is a courier's Musale, or is it Zacharias, or is it Zacharias? They pronounce it about either for one. That Musale got with the bald head, neither hind nor any of the prisoners at the US prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba had anything to do with the attacks of 9.11. The auto-tent message in Arabic included an English translation in subtitles that said, Castle Hoist, earlier this month, the federal jury sentenced Musale, a while we know that. Although it wasn't charged with direct involvement in the plot prosecutors that served the effort, let it get in. He got a life in prison with no possibility for rule. Some 500-18es from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are being held at the Gitmo Naval base, and then of course there are also those that... Last month, the complete version of Bin Laden, the most reasonable message appeared on this last, Islamist websites, 40s after age for its excerpts appear on the Arabic line with CB Channel, Al-Jazirah. And it goes on about this and about the cartoons of my hand and then all of this other cockarim, man, all of this nonsense. So forget, look for the QM van right now, and who does parking lot at Pond University. Pick up a pair of free tickets for the Safdinins, Marlin Cupkin, at PPP Parkman, Lot's sale, but we're my feragarians here that. And because it's cloudy, even though it's going to be 87 seconds to be there, you're going to like bake and fry in the sun. Is it bacon and frying? I don't know, probably. Are they bacon or frying it? Well, I mean 87 marlin, but at least if it's not sunny, it's like you're not going to get just fried, leave it a big tumor. 958 votes, I'm going to tell you right now, let me just refresh that and take a look at what the odds are. I mean the thousands are given. 963, our goal right now is 80 million dollars for the charity, and we want to get to a thousand by noon. Speaking of the charity, we didn't even get 25 grand yet for our about 30 year old man. They're nowhere to describe it. It's so mortifying and humiliating and degrading. That's the level of the which we used to do to our QM. And the meantime, everybody from our management to our agents to our everybody. They're all like in suspended animation. They're like frozen. You know, they're like Ted Williams head. They're all like that cash and build Jefferson's freezer frozen. I mean, what are we going to do? How are we going to solve these bastards out? I guess we're not. Are we? Take more calls. So, we're not going to take more calls. We'll tell you what. I'll take you call when I feel good and ready to take call. You know, I was kidding. And I'm going to have to, I know you're kidding, but I just just rub it. It ruffles my dander, whatever that is. I've danned it. Yeah, that's it. That too. My hackles and my tackles. Anyway, we got that big ball game coming up. I better get with it here. I better start, you know, because I'm used to sitting here very calmly. But we got a lot of pressure today. We don't have only this two and a half hours. And wait till Monday, man, you ain't seen nothing yet. Like the blues the goose said. Right. I think I have that here in my collection. We ain't seen nothing yet. By the blues my goose. But Monday, you only got two hours. Ten to two. So you're going to have to be pressure packed on Monday. You have to take a million calls on Monday. And of course, on Labor Day, you can ever, or more, whatever, just tomorrow day. There is the blues and blues. I've been I came to see the eight or nine. That's my guess. Seven. Seven. Seven. See again within one year. And a board goes back. Thank you. And you still caught the one great. Can't hear us. That was okay. That was a good time, man. 67 through what's 70, mid 60s through the 70s. In fact, 50s, 56 to 80. That's when it gives me a camera. Obviously, there are some exceptions. Few. Guess what I don't have on my iPod. What I did not transfer on or yet, and probably won't. And you're going to laugh when I tell you. All right. Well, I sat next to him at Woodbind. Oh, your guess who? Yeah. Now, you probably never knew a bigger guess who fan than me. I mean, I just love it again. Maybe me. Well, there you go. But I got to be honest with you. In fact, when I hear their music playing anywhere now, I just have a different altitude about it. Not that I don't like the music. It's still sour here. But meeting him and so I didn't really meet him officially, but I mean, it was him, you know. And having them sit there next to me playing that machine with his young partner there, his daughter, wife, or whoever she wanted. And his friend, his partner there, or whoever. He was just a jackass, and I just disturbed me. And I should not have any bearing on what are our like the muses. Please. What he does. I know I still like the music. I just want to hear it for a while. I just need a rest from him, if I need a burden coming. Okay, that's enough. I need a rest. See your, your a sadistic bastard is what you are. What do your life hates me like poison? And it's kind of poison with corn flakes. I ain't 100% in 69 votes. I think we've got to shot at that thousand by the top of the yard. When little handed it's the big handed. Can't I ever come back in there or give me the rub down? I mean, to run down on Monday? No. Why not? I guess it's like, I hope it's way back through the system. Oh, work it's way back through my ass. Give me a break. Way back to the long way. Yeah, come on. Jesus, God, I go along with some cock, maybe a crazy ass idea they got to farm out part of our show. I saw something I'd money on the table. They got to silly ass spanglish speaking idiot that's on there. And we hours and more and everybody's still asleep. And wants us to do Spanish sports talk. And want to hide jack part of our show on Monday. And I'm doing it for you guys. Right? I appreciate it. On a phone is ringing right now. Which means it's probably a bucket this down there. I'm going to get it. No, probably not. There's a labyrinth. In fact, if I played my cards right and ran down there and got it. By the time I got back at me's effort to ball game away, I'm not going to do that though. I'm putting my nose to the grindstone. I'm going to succeed in spite of these bastards. Not because of them, but in spite of them. And it's quite a him too. In fact, you know what I'm going to do. I'm going to win this afternoon just in spite of burden coming. And his partner there. Maybe it was a gaw. I don't know. He was off for a gun. You know, you do that one more time. It's you and I mean, Josh. I just needed to get that on it. Read a little bit. Man, just read a little bit. See, just never let's. You're like, we're in a different way. Only 10 times more annoying. Let me tell you about your shoes. Man, if your feet aren't in good shape, man, you are worth a day. And brandy shoes and pump it up. It beats his deplace to wander with those tootsies. Brandy's carries all the top names in his who've been this like foreshime. Echrom, a fisto, rockport, hush puppy, new balance, and tend to have other name brands, and all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. For those of you out there with real bizarre, strange feet. Maybe like even trogler life feet. Brandy shoes is largest in the pen that you read, hammer and saw photo. When you see the selection, if I do get a brandy, you'll understand why I've been raving about how great they are for years. Anyone on a wide because they are the best. Go talk to our good buddy, Arnie. He'll make damn sure that you get to write your fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time. Brandy's open every day, Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5, you'll find Brandy's at 12.90. The North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on East Side. You can't miss it. And this week is a stupidest time to buy. Spirited top-side is at Brandy's. They tend to 20 bucks off all great men's women's styles. So be sure to get your big fan ass into Brandy's shoes this week or just sit there on a chair and go online. Do your shoe shopping on our website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is New Roger's. This is 516. Beware of exploding balls. All the grass on my lawn and when you're done with who you ran out the flower bed and to do as your wife when the dish is done. To back in the roads and make sure the pieces are filled with silver, who will wear for this day. To the inside baby diamond ring. You'll pass down the ring all the time. I think there's a couple of them. But the songs that are named after the artist. Both did lead by Bo Diddly. There's another one. I can't think of what it is. I'll think of it. I also do me a favor. Sure. I'm sure you keep track of all these things. Last of them is email. Yes. I said, I just got that postmaster in order to fail to deliver. I must have sent to the wrong email address because I'm doing it by memory. See if you got it in the facts of the made. Send it across. The answer is that they decided to do all the things that are necessary to see the presidency in 2008. Good man. But where was he? He's other fellow senators and so many cases. You know, where were they? Good man. Connecticut Democrat will hire staff raise money and travel on a country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. He's a very important country. Listen much less 40. Kiss the radio 34. Listen more 27. Listen much more 23. Vainty Trace. That's a signing or one. Okay. 155. Don't forget we got that big cup Marlon game coming up pre game at 1230 this afternoon. I know I'm African. I'm on the edge of my seat. Almost out the door. If you're a boat lover and you love to be out there in the water, but you just don't have the big bucks to go and buy a boat. And you certainly don't want to go through all the hassle of maintaining one. Here's the answer for you. Don't buy one. Do the smarter thing called 1-800. You'll be amazed just how easy to make everything for you. There are no docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation and her can't season the course starts next week already. When you have a boat from Club Medical, it's totally stress free and affordable too. Call 1-800. No getting the boat ready because Club Medical does it for you. No cleaning up either or Club Medical, you just hop on your boat. Have a spectacular time when you've done pull back into the dock it off and just walk away. They do all the rest. It's that simple. Club Medical call 1-800. Vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small votes to your charters and everything in between. All of these things. It's Club Medical. Call 1-800. Vote rent or at Club Medical tailor plan to fit your needs and your budget too. Get on the water today. The hassle free the inexpensive way would come out of Column and 1-800 vote rent. This is new Roger Fisher's toy. This is 5.62. I say go see. But you can go these tells me. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to way to be an I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour. Don't ask me that warning that's up to our damnit. That's this. These shoes. And I can't. For it though. For it. For it though. I get me. I can't see. I'm the voice of the person. Wow. They're doing a different vote to vote. It's in a Palazzocia piece. I told you I did the time slot. No. No. I'm going to change the face of budget conscious for whole radio. Staten with an interview with a generic squandle. Puffin. I don't like the fire under the air since the team. It's not so hard to who this is. The guy who all sound alike. Roll a cake. So is I say. I just said to win this interview with me. Oh, make 100% effort to perform well. Then yeah. How come all you four guys are like that? So fabulous. And yeah. So big. Well, we have to go to college. But never really attend classes just like. Not too smart. Is the situation we have? You're doing great when about mail at the least. And why should things are jackstaps is a little. Day. And just a little on the area side. Maybe stretch it out at the scene a few tight but. Don't it is? We like women. We're programmed to do so. You're a decent. I'm excited when show. You're whether he and you when talk about girls. It is a little weird. Very. Very. You're the only one with very small things who need to hear this. But you say you're the point today. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Oh, wait. This fact just came in. I'll call an a. I'm. Have any copies of our CD? And could you please. We're going to be. I'm not. We're interested in three. Maulinsickets. Would like to buy one of your CD. Well guess what, pal. University and you can pick up a pair of free tickets to the 7th and Zvallan company or the best in the year about through the year t-shirt or both of the t-shirt. I'm going to get for it or both. You can get tickets to NDA CD. Yeah or all in other words. All of you. Whatever you want to pay God, they probably have the shirts to. They probably have the shirts and if not, they'll give it a shirt off their back which will not be a pretty sight. Why is this thing keep coming up here? I'm just having a little computer. Offer it here. There we go. Everything is just fun. Iran conducted a test launch last night of the She-Hob 3 intermediate range ballistic missile which is capable of reaching Israel and U.S. targets in the region. Oh, it is really radio reported. The test came hours before Prime Minister Ejud Olmer, a member of the U.S. President George W. W. Washington, to discuss the Iranian threat. Military officials said it wasn't clear of his most recent test in the kid in advance in the kid buildings of the She-Hob 3. They said the test was like, in fact, this particular missile is like little like head years in it. They're like pop out when they're there. Yeah. They said the test was likely time to coincide with the Washington summit and would come and it's made by Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nazraulad, the rest of the operations in Beirut, marking the six anniversary of Israel's withdrawal from southern Lebanon and a partridge in the period 3. And like I said, if you was ready, is an audio error of audio ragheads, if you want to kill each other, go ahead, just leave us out. Leave us out of it. Please. No kidding. That's a fair solution. It's all I ask. All we need. I just can't believe what's going on, but nevertheless, where I just want to make sure I got all this stuff down where it was supposed to be. Because we only got like 28 minutes until the Marlon pregame show. God, is President Bush likely to see Al Gore's documentary about global warming? No. No. Noted Bush said very coolly this week. Noted. He also said that. Yeah. It's hard work. But Bush didn't watch it. Back, in fact, the former Democratic vice president offered to come to the White House anytime, any day, to show Bush either is documentary or a slideshow on global warming, let me show more than a thousand times around the world. Can you imagine Al Gore showing George Bush a slideshow? Maybe he turned it into a color-hink book. Or maybe if it had like, you know, scenes from my pet goat. The entire global scientific community has a consensus on the question that human beings have responsible for global warming. And he is today against expressed personal doubt that that is true, Gore said, an interview from France where it can be 10 film festival, Al Gore is in the can, and judging from the size of him, they'll be in there a long time. Bush and Gore have had bitter disagreements about the environment of the issues, a yati yati. Gore's documentary in Canvigniot truthcroticles is efforts to bring greater attention to dangers of climate change. Speaking of that, the good segue. The BBC reports, or he can't offer lousy this song, where he could be taken some really good calls. Global temperatures will rise further in the future than previous studies of indicator, according to new research from two scientific teams. The Cubs and the Metz. They both use historical records to calculate the likely amplification of warming as higher temperatures in dues release of CO2 from ecosystems. They both conclude that current estimates of warming are too low by anything of to 75%. Their conclusions backed up by new reports from the Australian government. The Australian greenhouse offices, current estimates of temperature rise are being challenged by new research. The study predicts the global average temperature would rise between 1.5 Celsius and 4.5 degrees Celsius. If human activities were to double the amount of carbon dioxide on the atmosphere, and it goes on, bad stuff. That's stuff. We won't be here to worry about it. Hope not. As far as you children are grandchildren, obviously nobody cares about them, so why bring up that stuff up at this point? Nobody cares about them. I'm up to a mountain range. There you go. They're going to be cool. I told you I get to tune without all that fracking, but now it's past noon. It's heavy fracking time once you get past noon. Speaking of fracking and hockey, how about those oils? Is it heavy? What a game last night. Who had nobody in South Florida? Maybe a handful of us care and watch that game. That was something to be hold. What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long? And all year long? How about getting an instant $1200 cool cash ribbon on the world's smartest air conditioner the five-star edition of the carrier infinity system? You can get this bag with a system from Royce Irrain Heat, where they've been taking caratryk out of your families and doing a great job of it for three generations. As a carrier factory authorized dealer, Royce Durant is your 100% satisfaction, and that guarantee is backed by carrier that people will invent an air conditioning of now come up with the carrier and infinity system. The infinity system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusts itself for maximum efficiency. And don't forget not to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner, join the Royce Irrain Heat Comfort Club. Here's how it works. Plus year they come to your home and inspect into an upper-of-system, and if you have any kind of problem with your AC, you'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off any needed repairs. All of this? All of these things are just a hundred-ten bucks a year. So whether you choose the two-speed and infinity system with pure on or peace of mind audio around with a Comfort Club either way, make the smart choice, the Royce choice. Royce Irrain Heat, 1-800-3770-075. Be sure to tell me that Cranky Old Neil voted a call. 1-800-3770-075. This is Neil Rogers. Rock solid. This is 5-16-15-8-8. He was trapped in ice, lived in a glass box, and spent nine days underwater. Now, master illusionists live at Wayne, places his greatest challenge ever. Come on, man. I got a kid in there. Yes, David Blaine, all in the can. Quest. Alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half-bath near the lobby room. Dave, aren't really neat. Take a good in there, man. David Blaine, all in the can. With only a glass of metamuse, an early anti-roll of Charman, and a five-month-old sports illustrated. Hey, come on, dude. I so need to get in there. Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Blaine on the can. When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal matter, all years now. You know, come think of it. I don't have to go that bad, see you later. David Blaine, on the can. This time around, he's making other people hold their breath. A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A. Here is a thousand forty-three votes on the pool. There's not a full-everly wake up a little suzy. I'd say 1959, that's my guess. I can't hear it by. Could I only go to six-team this, but that sounds about right. Let's see, 1957. Not even close. Sorry, can't be perfect. Why not? Because it's me. Oh, what you love this story, though. We just gotta squeeze this in. This half-hour is an abortion. Okay, we want to apologize. It's ridiculous. I mean, whoever heard of this kind of a formatics. But, you know, the hompericities back to an island of breakfast morning. At least there shall some spots, okay? Anybody want to apologize? Spot? Just a few cents. Spot, third man. Thirty cents. Would you be the little holler? Women's toes looked by man hiding under car. See, I saved the good stuff for my staff. I know we didn't have time for a lot of stuff. I'll save that. It's all this is good of that portage on guy, but yeah, that's it. Yeah, it's always even better. Police in Tulsa, Oklahoma. See, and kind of places like Tulsa, this is where stuff happened. Oklahoma. Police there are searching for a man who hit under a woman's car at a Walmart parking lot, and then licked her toes as she loaded groceries into vehicle. The woman said she was at the Tulsa Walmart located in her 81st street in Louis, when she felt her toes being licked. That's it. It was a dog. But when she looked down, she saw was a man lying under her ear. I felt something with my foot. The woman said, I looked at him and I said, what the hell are you doing? And that's exactly what I said. What the hell are you doing? Yeah, the culprit got up and we were going to go. Man away before police arrived to sing. The woman said the man who lit your toes is his spanic or Indian about five nine or ways on them 50 pounds. He was wearing a black T-shirt and blue jeans. The victim filed a police report and a witness also saw it happen. A Tulsa County assistant, D.A. said if the man is caught in a face a misdemeanor charge or a battery or outraging public decency. Well, why should it be a log in so that somebody's toes? That's salt. I guess maybe she didn't want her toes. That's right. Or maybe she enjoyed it. Or maybe she wanted to try the other foot. Or maybe she should have said so. Could be. Don't forget check out that QA in van at the Hoodies Park and Lot Pines University right now. If you stop our right now, you can zip right over to the ball game. Pick up per free tickets to the Savon's Marlin Cup game which does get underway for another almost hour 105. We got the pre-game at 1230 though, which means we're doing another break right now. This is just this is just silliness is what it is. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating and we'll take the money. Thank you. 1213 at 560 WCM. Don't forget after the ball game we got mad dog. I do believe he's in the under there. Yes. And then Galdi sent a 10 to 9. Eddie K follows that. If you're a cigar smoke or you'd like to kick back with a good premium stogi then but he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These are defying cigars made with first grade tobacco. Processed needs it up to 10 years. But he is a real motifsigrami. Respectalizing and small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold the flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body nickel rock one cigar. He's got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavor stew. Oh, I think I inhaled too hard. Also try to be here to say oh. The hottest release cigar in last 10 muskets are high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider. Need to say oh is a powerful cigar man a big gut blaster with complex notes to leather earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the initial spice and a note of charred wood. For a southward of tobacco in his near out is nothing worse than having charred wood. For a southward of the tobacco in his near by you logged on to byesigars.com or call 1-800-35-the-here. That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is a meal ruder. This is 5-16-2-A. Stations stands for nothing. Coming up tonight, an inside of a high end of true Hollywood celebrity music barred to improve our story. Day, or one of the biggest bands in the 80s, despite having one of the ugliest lead singers in history. Day, or the cars. Oh yeah, I got to beat up all the time and high school for being freakish re-aggregious. Cars frontman, Rick, okay, sir. But then I got into rock and roll and I... What is it, Rick? I'm sorry, every time I think of it, I got that bank calling to poor scova. Hey, what were you talking about? Hell, I'm merrier. Luckily, I'll meet Rick with a supermodel. What's your girlfriend look like? But much than your business, that ankle shut up. No, man. I said shut up. A supermodel, come down to my kids top guy. Hey, I hate shredding like that. How do you like that? You threw me up against Lorters, but now you freaking pumping gas. And I'm married to a hottie. I'm professional high. Look, I'm not one of the kids who rough you up in high school, okay? Oh yeah. Well, you'll do... You can't... The cars. Man, if every rock and roll start got asleep with hot women, then... Oh wait a sec. Boy, did I choose to ride a career? Love you and I need it. It's a big juicy shopping market look at show business. Tonight, on inside the behind. Okay, 12.19, man, the pressure is out. We've got 11 minutes to go. We've got so many fish to fry, you know it. And another break no less. Now there's a story here that I'm trying to work for. Make a long story short, but it's worth the talking about. Been ladden on the move, new sightings in Pakistan. Or should think that's worth just to mention here. Sure, we did off the monitor there. I will. Pakistan government sources to ABC News, that they have critical reports that Osama and Mama and his entourage have moved down from my high mountainous peaks along the Afghan border to a valley about 40 miles inside the Pakistan border. The officials say the reports put been ladden around co-heistons, comrade valley, whatever it had letters. Well said, the reports were validated by the release of been ladden's audio tape yesterday, which appears to have been recorded only two weeks earlier. Well, how do you know by an audio tape where the hell was recorded? There's such a quick turnaround suggests that the officials that have been ladden as much closer to the civilizational aid they have been of I see previously. Previously, previous audio over the video tapes had taken as long as six weeks to become public. Got that? Got it. So he's around Osama and Mama in fact wouldn't surprise me if we find him just before it. Maybe that'll be the big October surprise, you think? What do you like better? A strawberry surprise or a October surprise? Well, a surprise. Okay, here's the idea on a pool, all look at that, a thousand and sixty votes. We're worried like flirting with almost 1100 by 1230, even Josh can't believe that. In fact, I think there's a bonus clause in his contract, his new deal. Yeah. But if we get that kind of a number that he gets like 80-cousinian dollars from George Beesley personal, 90, 90-cousinian? Yeah. From a choice. Thousands and sixty votes have Neil stopped taking calls and we'd, where we take today, two or three, three. Wasn't it? I think about three. Yeah. Pretty sure. About three. Yesterday was only about two. So we're five for five, but that's impressive. And those poor bastards out there, what are they going to do now? Yeah, especially like about five or six of them, which I don't have to even sprinkle over. Just spontaneously burst into flames. I would only hope so. Wouldn't that be great? A thousand and sixty votes have Neil stopped taking calls, I'll listen the same. 487 almost 46 percent now. How do you like that? I don't think they're starting to get the hang of it. They're hanging it. The color suck 151. You put those two to give me that over 60 percent. I'll kill myself 90 and we want to see that. I'll listen less 79. I hate this full 78. I'll stop listening 45. 4.2 percent are threatening. They're rattling their spear. I'll listen much less 42. I'll kiss the radio 35. Listen more 29 and listen much more 24. 10 year old making a big change today. Wither without the management. In other words, we're moving ahead. And if we have to leave sure another people behind us in the wake to bed. Right. I'm not talking about the colors. I'm just talking about the mismanagement. The idiots, the bosos who are like, oh, they're like lost to see man. They're like a bunch of little kids on a rubber wrap lost to see. 22 past noon. Don't tell me it's time for another break already. Yeah, I think it is. You think so? I don't say. Oh, my friends, never mind you mind. The mask moves ahead. It's real cheap to drive. The mask moves ahead. She made lots of money. So I don't care if I look funny. Okay. My mom is out pretty weak in the past. My mom is out in the back of the weekend. My mom is out pretty weak in the past. And my mom is out pretty weak in the past. Takes a little bit, takes a little bit. Takes a little bit of a little bit of a guy. Saving quite a bit, saving quite a bit. It's time to kiss my friends. Can you say the funk brother is here? The funk brother is the way you can't say it. Anyway, the barons of the cup is coming up next mad dog answered the ball game. The young age, seven of the cops and I've been here and put your radio on automatic turnoff for that. Any key follows the young issue.