10, I wanted 5, 60, WQ, I'm Kenny Leigh is dead! All right! Man, that's some of the best news. I think they have a lot of people, all those poor bastards who lost their life savings, all their pensions. They don't have like a reunion, let them all get together and stomp on his grave. Well, I said something else yesterday, but that's good too. Well, have their way with his bodies, that what you saying? No, no, I don't think they want to. Not stomp on his grave. O P on his grave? Yeah, or even his squatters? Yeah, maybe like that? Right. See, just like you're going to go and do on Clarence's desk, if you ever come to our studio again, while I'm in here. No, we don't want to talk to your parents. Just go away, get the message. It's not going to change. Not next week, not four weeks from 4th of July, not 85 weeks from next, circus or tissue book. Just go to hell away. And Ron Fonda, Kenny Leigh, dead boy, this was some of the best news. Maybe there is a god. Oh god! Huh? It was great. But there's Kim Drung, Eal, clapping his hands. Now they're saying, oh, he's not going to have a lot of snow more missiles. Yesterday was like, but a beat, but a group he's been launching with a big one. It's going to go up for about five feet and fall in this, oh, you know, in the sea of your pan. I got a movie that everyone must see. In fact, you'll have it in your hand before the day is out today. And it will be too. It's called Why We Fight, a film by Eugene Jerarchy. And I'm going to get one of those little, I like, like, bumper stickers, I think now. Because, you know, even though he was kind of a, uh, dowered at best, at least he saw through that course he was part of the military. Right. And that clip a couple weeks ago actually during his little blurb there. I didn't know that clip is in the beginning of the movie. And before the movie starts, and then again, the end of the movie where he warms about the military industrial establishment and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi. The world is a business, Mr. Beone. That's the business of war. That's the biggest business of all. They're war my Sheen, man. They've got to keep cranking up that war my Sheen. Because that's where all the bug butts are. Anyway, so you'll have this, everybody must go out there and get this on DVD. Why we fight. And you'll be most amused to see John McCain before he lost his religious religion. Maybe he was listening to R. E. M. Lostez religion. Hmm. Because he says all the right things on here and this was made last year. I do believe 2005. Yeah. It's on here before they got to him. Yeah. This is the grand jury prize winner of the 2005 Sundance Film Festival. Why we fight? And I'm flinching look at the anatomy of American warmaking. It's so good. It's scary. Okay. It'll make you just sit there, glue, transfixed. It's even better than. And of course, why do we have to compare? We either refuse an IMDB and this gets 8.2 stars and deserves 20.2 out of 5. But why we have to compare it. It was nothing wrong with the turn 9-9. 11. It was great and it's on way. You know, had it's on way of Michael Moore has his way of doing it. And this is in its own way, does it just as well? Because that's what people do. I'm also sending you outfaxed. One of a series of movies by what's his name, Robert Greenwald. Outfaxed River Murdoch, Warren Journalism. This will, you know, of course, most of us don't watch Fox. Thank God. But this will just frost your ass when you'll have this. Tomorrow, you're going to be mighty busy. It said, well, you'll have the whole four of the four pack of the Robert Greenwald documentaries about the whole truth about it. They're rocky. That one, I'm not that excited about because it's pretty much a rehashist of that we've already seen a million times. But it's it's worth seeing. But these other two, why we fight an outfaxed man, we'll frost your O.E. ass. I'm telling you right now. Almost as ugly as Kevin Bacon's ass, I wish he was stopped showing it. Hey, Kevin, you're getting old and nasty. You got pimples on your butt. Nobody wants to see it no more. I saw, I'll look at your hollow man. Yeah, which got some crappy reviews in I and they'd be not in the why there's not a damn thing wrong with it. It's just fine. It was all right. So good science fiction movie. It's got fabulous special effects. And what's your name is in it? What tells your name? Elizabeth Shoe. Elizabeth Shoe. And they dropped the other shoe. And the Kevin Bacon, they both kind of run around naked little bit. And you see some boobies and Kevin's ugly pimply nasty ass that he wants to keep before he's forcing that on the viewing audience. We don't want to see your ass Kevin sees internal organs to be well. Speaking of that. Post to the extra organs. Kenny Lane, not actually do see. Ron, I'm not really sure what that is. And I don't want to find out. All of he was out of the way. He was in where he was coming out of the shower and hanging, hanging, hanging, hanging tin while things maybe. Was that it? I don't know. Was that it? Well, he was it. Oh, there's a lot of nudity so that must be it. Kenny Lane is dead. The former chief executive of NRON whose company collapsed in 2001. Ultimately came to symbolize an era of rampant corporate fraud that early yesterday morning an Aspen column about it. All we can say is. Deputy QAM, hello. Hi. Uh-huh. The car, you're right. You're right about that one. We will give the numbers out again today. I heard that you gave the number out yesterday. Yeah. No. We're not going to have another concert with that retard on the air or that retard either. The cause of death was believed to be a heart attack. Maybe he was anticipating and palpitating the road was going to have one of his stuff his ass in his slamer. I think he was worried that there was going to be a lot of stuff going on. It wasn't even Thanksgiving. Several people that he and Jeff Screlling and all those other going on. And of course, remember Kenny Boyle, he was good buddies with your president. President Dufus, uh-huh. We've even heard the butcher of DC. That's why I'm going to refer to him from here on in the butcher of DC. All that blood on his hands man. All these innocent people dying. All the carnage, the pathetic tragic stuff going on. But it just a bunch of numbers on a piece of paper somewhere. 2523, 25 or whatever it is, you know. As if we're just talking about numbers on a piece of a lot of care said paper. Very sad. You know, speaking of numbers on a piece of paper, we got the Marlin Pre-Game at 1230. The Marlin's in the Washington, Crap, they need to crap out of the Crap. Those yesterday, 18 to the, what was that 18 to the night? 18 to the night. 18 to the night. 18 to the night. Oh. The Marlin's got what? Eight runs in one inning. Yes, it did. I mean, it was 18 to something at one point. Fasted and you can say, God is this boring. How does boring is the road cup, though? Man, oh man. Talk about one, one kind, you know, how much of what kind of a segment there is in the World Cup and that soccer? Neal. Yeah. That's why they're here anyway. Instead of saying, what? I said here anyway. No, anyway. Anywhere. On Europe. Well, they don't say crazy people. And there are a whole bunch of crazy people there too. It's tight. When this goes nuts. Uh, who the hell long? Yes, they owe the French. I bet you might be all that having a field. They owe them frogs. They probably, uh, pouring Pepsi on each other. We got eight hundred and thirteen votes already on today's pool. And I'm surprised the George yesterday, I guess. Eric, George reports that Eric has been screwing over real bad this week. And has been getting the pool on there in the timely fashion. Yeah, that's all right. I'm not going to remember. Who did he do? He does. No, yesterday he was there right. No. Well, it doesn't show up on your pool because you only had 764 votes. We got eight, 17 already. And that's because you don't do it right. No, I don't. It's started tonight before like I do. Yeah. It's called the Near Rage's Head Start program. But I'm surprised you didn't put soccer runner because you know. And we were talking about it. It's supposed to be what the whole world is on. Oh, yeah. And there's nothing going on. There is nothing going on. Nothing. And there's nobody. Do that. Even my close personal friend, Christiana Ronaldo didn't do squat yesterday. He made a squat at low bit, but he didn't do nothing for real. Portugacy. France won Portugal, nothing. What Portugal knew was he was me. And it was on a penalty kick. No less. My favorite is when they were, you know, it's something and hockey and I got to get a break away and you go in and he'll shoot. We'll, a foot wide, miss the net. But the these guys, they don't miss by a foot. You know what I mean? They kick it like 30 yards over the top of the net. High and wide. I mean, not even close. Nobody kicks the ball like within 20 yards of the goal. You know, they're all, all of my, you know, like, what a full chance. I still love that. I forget what team you play for, but there's a, there's one of the players. His name was Kaka who played in a World Cup. Yes. And the question answer being the stuffy birthday is he refused to say that. So he's called him Kaka. Kaka as opposed to Kaka. What a, Kaka. Yeah. Man. How about Kaka Moon? So anyway, George took this pool yesterday. And we got that pregame show come up into 1230. The Marlins in the Nance. I can't wait for that. And there's not the final game in the series. That's right. That's why the first game I believe. I'm, I'm, I'm an opportunity to do it. This is a total game. That's right. So this is a while as rubber only in the chance to got an opportunity to tie the series. Correct. After dropping two or three of the bow sauce and falling 10 games under 500. But they've announced the league. Now you're home in a games under 500. The Marlins are. Yeah. That's it. Even I know that after that crashing, they put it in the estate. Mad Dog follows the Marlins game at about the whenever and then Curtis is 70. K10. No gueli today. Could be back tomorrow, though, to aggravate you. Got that very jackass con. See, unfortunately, the new GM just like his predecessor is following in the footsteps. If you really want little information about what's going on in the station, read Very Jackass in a hero. He might give you a little bit of a, you know, info, but he gives the real important stuff to very jackass. So we got Kenny Walker from the while I'm really going to be doing the mornings and they're going to push Hank back in the afternoon. Just do it. Okay, just cooperate for once in your life. Stop being a fat or hard ass. And then you'll have a lot of Marlin games that will preempt the end of your show. You can look forward to how you, you've heard what he said there at the end of the show. When he did afternoon, he used to look forward to those early days like, you know, like tomorrow for example, as a Marlin pregame at 635. So Mad Dog's got a 2.5 hour show. We'd like to have a scam like that where we only had to work a little bit every once in a while. Wouldn't that be great? That would be. George Ashients today. What's the silliest sport? Competitive eating. And that's not a sport. Hey, all day big to differ. Yes, they do. Well, okay. Well, if that's the case, how committed put poker on here. We almost did, but they're, they don't consider themselves athletes. The poker players, but the eaters do 764 hosts and competitive eating get more than half. 395, 52%. Curling that got my vote. 170. That's a hold over from a British Empire's impact on Canada. They have to be silly. So curling. It's just pathetic. 170. Auto racing 49. Well, what's silly about that? That's silly. It's scary. Go off 38. Quick at 23. Wrestling 17. I don't think to rest on me is all that silly. The people will watch it out of the ones who are silly. Badman 17, where they play with a shuttle. That's right. What? Don't say it. Water poll 012. Darts 10. Well, what is? Darts is a sport. Sure. There is a professional. Take ball 8. Scrum 8. What is wrong? There is a take that off of there. It's something that has been worth scrum as an event within a sport. That's right. And people voted for it to share a bonus of crowd is lose 7. But your loser is getting involved in that. Soon more wrestling 5 and let cross 5. Yeah, that's silly. They were. They were like in football. If you just hold the ball on your hand and nobody would touch you. You run up to the goal and just throw the ball in the end zone. It's just bizarre. Yeah, or like in hockey. If you just skate down the ice and hold the puck in your hand and just throw it in the net. Across really silly stuff. So that's where just put yesterday. Did not put soccer under because we don't want to defend all of you. It's not there to all whipped up and work. It's Italy against France now, man. Italy and France. Italy. That's busy fixing all of their matches is usual because everything Italy is. You know, something to get smeared for is fixed. And France who they we hate them like poison not pretty particular reason, but just in general. Don't we always hate the French. I sure just we did those. They're all disgusting. Oh, man. They do smell bad. 835 votes on my first he just pulled it. We're going to make a thousand before the pregame show. How do you like that? They're exciting. Market down those of you keep track also not only would you must. You see why we fight that if there's anybody out there got one of the old blackberries like I do. The best thing that ever happened to me is when I lost my old blackberry. It's a simple airport because it forced me to get the money. Because it forced me to get the new one. The 80 700. And this thing it's like the difference between having a model T forward and a 2006 core fat. That's the difference. This thing is beautiful man. Full color. You go online and stuff downloads like almost instantly. It's just it's an if it's not is it's a little bit smaller. Yeah. The better was kind of big and slimy. 10 14. It's five 60 WQ a. I'm for years now. I've told you about a great place to have a fantastic dining experience. The melting pot. Found a restaurant. If you haven't been in the pot for a little while now's the time to go back. It's a full four cores dining experience. Not just another meal. They start you out with their renown cheese fondue served with three different breads. Granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes your choice to lively salads. The outracing food. A combination of lobster filling. Me neon shrimp. Oh, I'm sorry. Fill a man. See. Caging season season chicken pork duck portobello mushroom and lots more. Cooked in a lot of broth. Who the hell is Kenny Walker anyway? And don't forget the melty pots homemade dipping sauces. They we make the fun to experience fun. And here's the clincher man. When you get to dessert. That's when you start drooling all over the place. Talk to the awful demio with your famous chocolate fondue dessert with fresh strawberries. Benanna's pineapple. Dip and duck all your fruits in there. Plus cheesecake brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos. Or Graham crackers for dipping. You'll be dipping and dunking and smiling and just having a and farting. Have it a great time. Only at the melty pot. And you find a pot all over town. There's got to be one nearby. You tell them that neorogers and you buy. When you step into the pot in for Lauderdale, Kendall, Boca, we're telling Cooper City, North Named Beach. And of course, how could we forget Coral Spring? This is a meal. Roger. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Our David's a bitch. That's why you picture. I'm a fan. And I'm happy. I'm so happy. Come up. What did I say? A very pregnant, very nice. Shown Christians of peace of Paris. So she's better than I hope this one properly. I'm a really naked and under the dark. The ladies all kinds of naked. She's on paper by dress now. She is breakfast. Take the kids and fumbles in the car. And babies, she's still so. I didn't get very busy. I'm a fan. I thought it was a bunch of cool. 1019, like you said, she's old me. 855 votes on the pool today. And we're right there thousand before I'm going to buy Lauderdale. We'll have a thousand. What do you think? Possible. That's pretty exciting. Which of these would you who who these would you not vote for for President? The reason I was inspired to do this pool is because Mitt Romney, the Republican and Governor of Massachusetts, who's a Mormon, he's his name is gets tossed around. He wants to be president. But then I get this and everybody want to be president. I've even charged in Robert Grypper. We're like to be president. I don't think that it's states. Oh yes. But anyway Mitt Romney. And then so they took a pool nationwide. A third of America said we would not vote for a Mormon for president. I don't know why. What do they ever do to you? I don't know. Our whole Mormons are dead last. Only four people out of 855. Four tens of one percent. Nationwide is 32 percent. See our crowd we like the Mormons. They dress real nice and neat with it. They do have that magic underwear. They're making it a little gimme after a while. They watch it. They were just drawing on the line all over the place. Oh is that it? But anyway they have them not all the guys. They have them come up on a bicycle with a nice white shirts and the ties. And they smell good. And they bathe occasionally once they were a couple of weeks. And they're, you know, they don't bother you that much. I never had any Mormons come to my house and bother me. I wish I would. In fact, I'm thinking I'm wishing some of them would of. I'll put put your on the list as opposed to those. Your who was witnesses who are real pain in the grass. But anyway, so what a fool is which it is. Will you not vote for for president the last chance you vote for 855 votes. Born again Christian to 82. Republican to 07. What about a Republican who also is a board again Christian. Oh, like blood on his hands. W. Scientologist 104. I'm sorry Tommy. Hey Tommy. Too far. Muslim 90. I don't think Muslims have to be a shot right now. Maybe once upon a time. I don't think so. Not the person ever. I hate this pool only 45. That's not too bad. I don't vote 29. Well, you know, something anybody that goes on our pool and says, I don't vote. We're glad that you don't vote. Yeah, they vote on the poll. Like 22. 22 people wouldn't vote for a black for president. And I've really changed my whole attitude about Barack Obama not because of the color of his skin. But because of his whole altitude. And he's taken on this goodly two shoes religious phony. He's just phony. He's strictly another smelly politician just like Hillary. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'd like to get this down draft from the stench of those two. Barack Obama and Slawri. Anyway, 22 people, two and a half or seven vote for a black for a nice, for a woman 17. How about a black woman like Condoleseer? Gay 14. How about a gay for governor like Charlie Christ, the Christ. Democrat 13. One and a half percent of this audience would vote for Democrat. There we know who you are. You're all speaking with Bill O'Reilly. A Jew 13. Now that's one and a half percent wouldn't vote for a Jew. Now what I'd think about that Jew, Lieberman, who's got his own problem with thank God. What about him? Yeah, he's different. If he wouldn't have been on that ticket in 2000 man, it wouldn't have been able to fix the election. I'll go over to one hands down your pants. Atheist 9. Oh, yeah. We got to have a God-fearing president like the one we got now who makes damn sure that no innocent people die. And Mormon only 4. 863. Don't forget the name of this DVD. I want you to be brought in red and by it's steel at why we fight a film by Eugene Giraki. These are all the answers that you're looking for. And even if you're not looking for him, we still want to force you to watch it. We're giving these away on our website or doing something about it. By the way, we got 297 friends on at nifty my space page, your space. Yes, my space dot com slash Neil God. I mean, thanks forward and the setting confusing out. Just like that. No, it's not a slash. It's a slash. Is it? Yes. It's not. It's a slash because it fit where backslash it would be backslash. Trust me. Well, anyway. How did I get confused on that? Once the time before my synology said, I actually knew the difference. I wouldn't quite be wrong. Like about 10 days ago. 297 friends are on our my page. I think that's all we're going to get. And some of them look like humans. Some of them, yeah, look kind of interesting. Although we don't want that guy. I don't want him to bring me food up here. Okay. Oh, I always want you to tell me about that. So typical. So typical. It's like poor last year. But there's a horrible, you know, in the in this final days, go through a horrendous exit from the planet. And, you know, he made the mistake of writing on his blog one day that he and the way that his wife were going to actually make an outing somewhere to some park for a while. And so he's idiots. They go there in a bug and they show up and I'll Bob, we know you're not feeling well. And I'll go away. Okay. Man goes you two clearance. Just go away. All these people out there. These groupies, man. These these clingsons can't stand it. Anyway, very jackass last Friday. I'm really disappointed. Didn't Joshy this door. I'm sure Josh covers the hill every day. Oh, uh, Georgian said, I don't know how many you're eating food already. 10, 90, 10, 30. Yeah. I'm surprised that we're waiting this late. What do you got? How is that? You know it. Bacon. Yeah. I knew I could tell by the time. He wouldn't be doing a Brad right now. He'll be doing Brad later. For our cash changes in the worst of QM rights. Very jackass. Major league baseball and fox. We don't care about Major league baseball or fox. How do you like that? Except for fox news, which we hate like poison. I wish they would all die. That's another movie you should get out fox. We're not sworn journalism. It really frost your ass. And as if we don't already know about that. But you see a lot of the dumb, those shut-in housewives that watch that crap they watch or hurt. They watch filler running. They don't know the difference. They're too stupid to understand what they've been had with a bunch of lies and crap. Anyway, very jackass, right? WQA and though nothing is set there have been discussed about moving Hank Goldberg from mornings back to late afternoon. I moved that hinges on Goldberg agreeing to it. I don't know if I wanted to do that Goldberg moved to mornings in January 2005, said last Thursday. That's what we go today. If I were going to do that, it would have to be a mutual decision. Maybe we wouldn't ship Hank off the mutual. Or if we did for Larry King made him a big star. Previous WQA management gave Goldberg more money to work mornings than he would have received remaining in the afternoon. He declined to discuss how he'd be impacted financially by returning to effinance. But that would have to be a consideration in his decision. Back to the afternoon, Humper. Quit the crap. To make way for a potential Goldberg shift to effinance, you've met at 2.4 to 7pm already is given his blessing to the station to move him to the 2 to 5 slot. Pairing madness, you Goldberg in the 4 to 5 hour makes sense and loses an option. And that's because it was my idea. Very, you idiot. Hey Barry. You're fair. Goldberg would work alone from 5 to 7 in the scenario and 5 to 6 30 when we have pregame Marlon Joe shows, pregame, a panther shows, all of these. All of these things. QA and last two of them had this back to his old 2PM style. Because it's been losing most of me around your size of an audience when he's size and size of. I can't believe Barry actually wrote that. He probably bit his tongue so hardy and lid was bleeding. Maybe somebody had a gun to his head. In the most recent ratings book covering January through March, several fill in host generated a 0.0 point. 0.7 rating from 2 to 4 PM compared to 1.35 for the tickets to move Shambi. 0.35. Wow. More Howard David, it was contract wasn't renewed. Don't do that. QM24 PM slash January 13. And by the way, Barry had a 1 his last 2 trends last 2 months. And then I better do the breakhead now. We can't monkey around today. We got that Marlon game. We have 3.5 minutes of breaks. Actually, I don't want to see it nervous because the breaks aren't any longer than usual. But we got like 500 units in every break so it seems like they're a lot longer. So psychologically it's just another way turning the audience off. Nice going Chris. You don't want to blame him for it. Do it. Do it. I think it's his fault. Like I said, nice going clearance. Good for Chris. There you are. Hey, if you love the finer things in life then I guarantee your love stories. Miami's quintessential cigar shop in candle evolved places. God, what's not to like about candle? With South Florida's largest selection of cigar, Stokees have candlesticks. Sure to have all your favorites. Stokees got over a thousand open boxes of cigar substitutes from a clear Arturo Fuente. Padrón. Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliette, had lots more. Including a large selection of premium cigars that close out prices. As well as obscure and hard to find brands that you can't find no place else. Come into Stokees today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique lines from all over the world. And be sure to join Stokees tomorrow on every Friday for their wine tasting from five until eight in the PM featuring some of the most delicious burdo's that France has to offer. That's France. It's in the finals at the World Cup against Italian Sunday. Aren't you excited? No. Your fine Stokees is 116 12 North Kindle Drive. They're open every day seven days. We could call to reserve a box of your favorites cigars by calling 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. Be sure and tell them that Neo footage to call. And when you stop into the shop, say hi to Mario and the girls stand ready on the street. And get a free cigar that they just for saying hello. That's Stokees in Kendall to one 16 12 North Kindle Drive. Call them a 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. This is Neil Roger. This is 5 16. They play like men and they look like women. Tonight it's George Wood. Sean, we arrive at the straight guy. All right. Let's have a little coming out party. Coming out. This is phenomenal. Who's your new lover? My predecessor president Clinton. Oh my god. He essentially got all he just called me and said everybody loves you and so do I. He loved you. He liked you. He loved when you're on the same way. He looked like a pot. It's happy day. How he thought about modeling. No only was. But why? He got this at the Lion King. His shop is possible. Where you get this? I don't know George Wood. Sean, we arrive at the straight guy. They have much more hands from you look already. Yes. You're trying to like George. George, George, straight. George. Hey, in case you're starting to yesterday. Kenny, lay is dead. Oh. 1032 or 560 W2M. Is that like in band, taste to say it's really great that somebody croaked. No, I don't think so. No, what evil people die is cause. For some reason. It's a wonderful time for a party. That's right. And we didn't back to Barry Jackass. Hey Barry, we only was you would croaked too. Like a frog. Hey Barry. Anyway, he writes mad. This might still make the move to two people. And even if goldberry decides to remain in the morning show though nothing is definite. Oh, I love that. It's only the six to July. Why should anything be definite, you know, right? General manager has had an lobotomy right now. So he's out of commission for a couple of weeks. It says if goldberry returns to afternoons, WCM would have several options to fill the seven of 10 AM slot. Several options. That's news to us. One emerging candidate is Kenny Walker who was dropped by while 100 in January after 10 years and while 100 is more than sure. He was on with footing. It was footing. That was the morning show. Oh, my God. That footies are real avaliant. You know that. That's what I heard. Yeah. Walker, a sports fan who's been the Dolphins Public Address in Auschwitz since 1999, cannot speak to WCM before obvious first because of a non-compete clause in his contract. If it's a short list of genuine radio players in this market in WCM is on that list of Walker said, when asked if his interest in working for WCM. It's a short list of genuine radio players are he's living in the past. We have a new plane radio on this station for quite a while now, about a year and a half. If Gilbert moves after him and driving another morning after he would be, all my God, very NBC six is Tony Sigerretto who filled in last Thursday. Give me a break man. Tony sounds about 100 years old. See, it's one thing to be old like me is nothing to sound old like Tony. See the difference? Okay. I don't sound like an old funny dirty. I don't hear that one. But I don't sound like. I sound the same as I have for a long time as Tony. Man, you can hear the difference in his voice. He sounds like a grandpa monster. If Walker is the choice, he likely would have on air partner or landow Alzeguarie, the Rockstar, the Bokemon Print potential candidates. What is that all about? Why do they keep going back to the Well again? The same old same old. Why would they do that? There are members of the fraternity. Good afternoon, good afternoon. General manager Joe Bell who's undergoing an emergency lobotomy this week. They're trying to come at any scenarios. Other than the situation is looking to fill one time slot. That's seven to ten more. That means the offers going back to the F. Neither of us should have not. Go back to the F. hundred quits their cousin trouble. Quits during the pot. Just tell me, you want to say money, that's all. I have no idea what his deal says. It's none of my business. Do we care about what his deal says no? We know is that we'd like to get some audience back. See, if we had a real audience, we'd have over nine of her votes on a poll already. Oh, we do 904. You see what's going on in Jersey there where they can't sign the new budget. Now they've clearly casino. It's not gonna. I'm embarrassed. No one wants to hear another. 36,000 crores. There's a governor, Corzine. 36,000 casino employees out of work. They shut the doors for the first time ever in the casino. And even the middle lands ain't race enough. That's really bad. I got all these big states races coming up with the middle lands. And there a dark is can be. There is dark is, uh, alipata. 905 votes on a poll. Which of these would you not vote for president? The board of game Christian 297. A Republican to a 16. A Republican who happens to be a board of game Christian. Oh my God. Forget about it. Scienceologist 112, a Muslim 101. President, uh, banned our bush. I hate this pool 49. I didn't, I don't vote 29. Like I said, just as well. We're delighted. Wouldn't vote for a black 25. Races, fast dudes, honkeys. You know, this is a good day. You know, we'll be was on again the other night. I care our cable was crash. Okay. And the two of brothers are there talking about, and they are brothers. And he's talking about how you don't hear white folks going around calling each other honky and, uh, hackers like that. Just just think about that. Black 25 days 17. We sure can't have a gay president. Woman 17. How about a dike like condolizer? Oh, God. She's got, look at her. She's got three categories covered. Black gay woman. Excellent. Now that's exciting. Nice going. No, it's an easy to please her condolizer. Democrat 15th, June 14th. What do you think about that? Atheist 9 and a Mormon only 4. See, our, our, our, our, our, our, we don't mind a Mormon's. No. When it comes to all these other evil groups, we're, we're less concerned with a Mormon. There's always president's stuff like that. Like you said, yeah, it's not for the Mormons is like, uh, I mean, if we went to Palma, we're in New York. Mm-hmm. Or Joseph Smith found those tablets and his doctors had take to him call me in a morning. What are you? Fizzy tablets. Or speaking of tablets, same, Ruslan, Buzz, Vibert prescription was legally prescribed. The Palm Beach County State Attorney's Orifice announced yesterday that it would not file charges against the, uh, fascist radio talk show host for possessing Medicaid and somebody else's name. Did you see the story we had in a lot of people read it to about the, uh, internet, the websites of the, right, Wingers, it's dropping like, uh, rock from the top of the Empire State. Oh, I didn't, didn't see that. Uh, uh, what was that on Josh yesterday that they before? It was not one of those days when Josh was, you had that bachelor party go to the night before. And by the way, I went to the 330, don't exaggerate. And let me say it again. The stories went on the website, 330 on Sunday afternoon. I don't really care, but I mean, don't start giving me a solid advance about don't say it was 330. I was monitoring of man. But you heard me. It was 330. Did I, did I, did I, did you allow for it? No, it was 430. No, it was probably like, uh, 3 or 30. 3, I was not new in everything. And that's, uh, California time. Pacific, if you want to be more Pacific about it. Oh, by the way, the good news is that Josh, I'm actually a heroes on cable. Last year. I saw the last hour of it at least. Yeah. All right. So I missed them. But I got the whole juice, I think. And did you see, now, did you see the part of our new year's Eve when it were like, uh, no, it was the HTC, you didn't see that. No, I didn't. That's probably just as well. You're not ready for that anyway. Email herion is buddy next door with a buddy. Oh, uh, that's the book of Brian Disco Townsters. So they go get it. I would if I were you. You would? Or you heard of some of the excerpt. Yeah, this is really not heavy to be stuff. I guess that they got that big check showed up in each round. We same time catching it. That really motivates him tremendously. It is. It's inspiring to get. So if you're actually going to get another check recently, probably wouldn't know. We did till 330 on Sunday for the bedtime. That's what it was. I was so. Imagine a hero as you thought was pretty good. I thought it was good. Yeah. Well, if you didn't see the first part, but you didn't see the 20, we were going to get busted for trying to buy pot in the head shop. No, I didn't. I know you got to see the other thing. That's that scene is probably the best part. I just caught it on TV in from what I saw. I really like it was good. Anyway, again, by the way, I just looked up Fahrenheit 9.11. Had 7.8 rating an IMDB and why we fight. I got an 8.2. I'm not trying to compare them, but I'm just saying there are the same genre, but why we fight is so good. Because there are a lot of people that don't like Michael more. Because he's been demonized. You know, as his point to that, that's what that's the way they do it. Whether it's Richard Clark or Paul on the other. He's a demonized or, you know, Joseph Wilson. Now, that's to get a Carl Roe game. The Schmer and Smear, like I've told you for a long time, the Swift boat crowd and hold deal. So during the break, so you'll face something long after the break. I got to put my clothes on, I guess. Anyway, getting back to rush. But my immediate prosecutors will review the file and decide what the charges I wanted against the two Miami doctors according to Assis and State Attorney Paul Zax. To protect the bus privacy is medical doctor prescribed the erectile dysfunction drug, the limbo's psychologist, the limbo's affidavoured. Upon returning from the cryptid lab, we probably could have been a college in 26. Customs officials detain them while on his private plane for several hours after finding three prescription medication bottles in his luggage. And that's one thing you notice in that movie, imaginary heroes, the whole family was, they were always either drunk or stoned. Everybody was popping every kind of pill ever and ran it, but in other words, typical. Yeah, typical like in Georgia's house. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Georgia's house. You understand why he's popping pills all of that. Twenty before 11 at five, 60 WCM, we got the Marlins in the Washington, and that's from Washington from your nation's capital where the butcher of DC lives. That's coming up at 1230 with a pregame show with the internally boring, they've been a, uponrest and the Rossi Foxy who sounds a little bit like that. So I'm going to put my clothes on. I just want to come back from this break from these 85 units that are coming up and have you when not play something long, you know? We'll be ready. We're going to go down and get the package. Get the, a f*** thing, parcel. We'd like to push speeds, latest features, and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust. Call today and get the best offer, the year at Comcast High Speed Internet for only 24.95 a month for your first six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast eight meg premium speed tier free with an always on connection speed of up to eight megabits a second. Comcast High Speed Internet is up to five times faster than DSL 105. And up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Dialectors like him are the more blankers. And it's like I have a model T4 with your download and music watching streaming video playing online games is simply surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet just like Peter Pan, like Mary, what was your name? Mary, uh, what was your name? Huh? Mary Martin. See how to side out of mind. She's dead. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you'll get instant access to free free features like video mail, Comcast Radio Rhapsody, plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be name and a few. Not only that, but you also get free macrophacy curdy tools including, so you can rest assured that you're in an experiences always safe and secure. And annual savings of over a hundred bucks to the security alone. So what do you wait and for? Start doing more faster than ever before. Sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months. And date call 305 Comcast and in nine five four Comcast call today for details certain restrictions apply. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16. Two. Eight. Do it. Okay. Well, no, because I can place something off his great new book of brand list. Yes, and I think he should. How about the Glenn Gary leads? I love that. You love it? I, I, I will. I say I'm not taking a close. I'm giving you a piece of business. Please, please, they're all that seem like they're having a good time. I'll raise your sign randomly. Yeah, what about the movie? The new movie. No, nobody's in front. They're all fleeting cards. They'll be for those leads. A week. All I need is a lead. Losing isn't always easy. Especially if you're only given the old leads. What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board. Get the chalk. Hey, get the chalk. Put me on the Cadillac board. It's not too good to be true. It's the Glenn Gary leads. The leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them. Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on. Do we have a huge side? No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on. Glenn Gary has the leads you need. These are the new leads. And you don't get them. Unless you call now, 1-800-B. Glenn Gary leads. They have the closest. That's 1-800-B. Get a worth. That's 1-800-B. Have you made your decision for Christ? Call Glenn Gary leads now. You'll receive $6,000. And 1-800-B. That's 1-800-B. Close. Oh, speaking of, you fair, whatever you said in there, the New York State Court of Appeals refused to recognize St. Mary's in an order assumed today, deciding that the issues should be addressed by the legislature. The New York State Council of Alts 48-Gay and Lesbian couples who filed four separate cases from across the state. The cases were heard together by the Court in Albany. Ever been to Albany? No. Don't. On the 97-year state law, Mary's is defined as between the man and the woman. The same six couples have tinned the law violates their constitution, right? Because it depends such as consideration, the folks that you handle it. Look, I hot potato. They just threw a fact that a little bit of stitches. We don't want it you to try. Give it to Mikey. Maybe he'll like it. You know, Mikey? Yeah, he'll tell you how green. He's independent. Paul was at TV. Comment your name. Well, at the MTV, you should destroy it, Him. Look, everything else they touch. Not a shame. It is. 944 votes on the pool and study but 11 o'clock yet. We got a short show today. Some talking real fast. And we might not take too many calls or they might travel on it too. QAM. HELLO! Okay, we got that one, just like the first one. QAM. Okay, so we got the usual retards. You'll be your retard, I'm not interested. What else has happened there? I like to call so much I put it on hold. Sorry, I got rid of it. Good for you. 944 votes on the poll. We may have a thousand wins. Definitely have a by-law than 30. So everybody can rest easy. Take a deeper. Ah, exhale, that's it. Next one? Oh, Brad. Oh, that's another movie everybody must see. It's going to be a good win, Ross. I don't think most of our audience have a close-up. That's right. And then there's always this. Get the chalk. And so we've got a lot of quality. That's just a part of that. 560, I give the numbers out. I'm not planning to take too many calls because it's the same with three retards. And again, who else would be in town when it's 100, the reason is shade. Except the retards. That's what we got on the phone and just retardos. So on these very days that I'm actually working. I mean, why should I waste my time with these idiots? I wouldn't. And all? That's right. This one's a good one. I'm your end. If I were you, I wouldn't. No, I don't want to. Talk. That was the real one? Yeah. How can you tell, man? You all go in and down. Oh, there. When you get him down, just put your boot on the head. Yeah. Just keep grinding. In a serious blow to Senator Joe Lieberman's reelection campaign, that's you, Lieberman, man. Do we hit him or what? Yeah. The Democratic Senator of the campaign committee is likely to back the winner of the Democratic primary and Connecticut, meaning that Lieberman may be left without national allies for campaign money. Good. A senior Democratic Party official confirmed that the D.S.C.C. is unlikely to back the, we're mentioned he lose the primary to nettle a month. Well, by the way, speaking of nettle a month, normal camp call me that they asked me about the, I guess, Dave LeMont is bugging him to try to get him a job or something like that. Maybe he got canned over there at the tube channel. I said, absolutely not. After Dave LeMont and Pete Boulder stabbed Sunday, her shin the back and caused his premature death. And I'm going to like put in a good word for him. We don't want you, Dave LeMont, go fart in somebody else's face. Now, you know what I'm talking about, right? Because when he grew up, case you had baseball of me for that one season, I'll he did was fart a lot. That's totally, that's a true story. Because back in those days, I remember with great joy before he was working on those broadcast, the aroma from those nice sausages, you know, that they make out their, if you ever come to an end, go out to the house and then go out and go out to the house. And then you say, you know, you can smell the aroma of all the food that are cooking out there all over Mark Wright Stadium. That was one of the real joys. The eating was even better. But anyway, while you're sitting up there doing a game, you could smell the, and, of course, when a live-in came in there was a different aroma that would put you in a coma that was washing up. Oh, God. He had just like what's his name? Ryan Philippe in the crash, only in Ryan's case they just made it up as he's used to get him away from Monat, what's his name, Dylan. In his case, in Dave Lamont's case, it was true. He had uncontrollable flatulence. Oh, sorry, Joyce. The flatulence. So anyway, should Lieberman lose the primary denatal amount a more progressive contender of Connecticut, who's guarded support from bloggers and his catalysis campaign around Lieberman's aggressive hawkish position on Iraq. Lieberman airs dots, man. It is likely the NECC will back to winter that Democratic Party Connecticut, a party official role raw story, requesting an enemy because he values his life. I like that. Five eyes you leave me. Okay, Castle Hoace, we hate you like poison, and what you would die, just like Kenny Lee. 955 O Son of Pullman were marching toward that thousand relentlessly in spread of these idiots on the phone. Look at that, Thunder. I'm not taking any more today. So you can bring it off the hook, God, you want. Have we had one wheel, call yet? No. No. It's almost 11 o'clock and if we have one wheel, call yet. No. I'm actually not moving while we fight. Fantastic, VDVD or people going to watch it. No, one thing I was thinking about yesterday, because occasionally I think about this place very briefly, and you know what it was? I give up. You know how we're all in, by the way, bad news for the people at WID. Hi, how are you? He calls George off the year this morning to announce that he's the back of the WD working there again. Talk about stupid they are. God. But anyway, speaking to that other station, I was thinking to myself the difference in the impact that we had in a marketplace, you know, remember the bagel bites and the poker burgers. Right. Some of the things, fish food. Yeah, I'd go on the years, they're waving about some product on discovery. Everybody in town, you couldn't even keep it on the shelves, it was flying out of there. On this station, it's like, what does this have to do with the ball game? What does this have to do with the Marlins? Like that, you know? Right? Right? Let's talk about an impact. Look at that last fundraiser that a board of things that I was vehemently opposed to, and it would be a big one of Bambagranda, even Truman would have been impressed. And it was, don't be trying to get a response on this radio station, because we're just talking to our own little circle of a groupies out there. You can air them on a phone, you know? A bunch of little misfits. We're 963 votes on a pool, but then those aren't the people that called a radio show. No. You don't know who the people are who called it. You know, like that. And then, of course, there's always a crowd. And then there's the really intellectual groups that go, like that, like your buddy Greg used to do. And then again, him. Now does he still bug you or are we getting rid of him? I haven't heard for good enough. Good. Maybe, another way mentioned them, you know, probably come back. Let's have a party. Let's kill all the cronics in a big party, okay? The fourth may be gone, but there's nothing that said that the eighth of July can be a big party too, right? That's right. Every day can be a big, in fact, the famous radio philosopher once said, every day is a good day for a party. Like that. That's exactly what he said. I still can't believe he's dead. I mean, I realized that he was very heavy and he also abused who got only knows what kind of substances. But then he's dead. And it's just, it's just hard to believe. Isn't it? Yeah. Well, you know, it happens all the time. Oh, my God. That's what Kenny Laceran, he said. I'm dying on the hands. Three people have been arrested and charged with stealing confidential information about drink recipes from the Coca-Cola company and trying to sell it to rival Pepsi. PepsiCo. The suspects include an executive administrative assistant at the land-based Coke Joyo Williams, who is accused of right-winged through corporate files and stuffing documents and a new Coca-Cola product into a bag into a sack. Joyo. Rangs with joya. Williams, 41 of not an orcross, Joja. 30-year-old. But 30 man. You'd were him, Dinson of New York, and 43-year-old Edmund DeHaney of the Kader Joja. Oh, man, the Kader, Joja, and Norcross, Joja. Our charge was wire-fraud and unlawfully stealing and selling Coke trade secrets federal prosecutors be seen. They're going to be appearing before our federal magistrate, Judge, and Atlanta today. Maybe they were standing before the judge right now and offering them a free drink. Spokesperson from Coke, Coke, and PepsiCo. What are you like to drink? I drink Coke. Maybe just like to poke it. Yeah. Spokesperson from Coke and PepsiCo were not immediately returning calls. According to prosecutors on May 19, purchase New York based PepsiCo. I've heard of purchase New York by an ID word is. You? No. I wonder if it's on Long Island. I've heard of purchase in New York because being a New York state guy. But I just have no idea where that is. This New York-based PepsiCo company provided Coke with a copy of a letter mail to PepsiCo in an official Coke-acolla business envelope. The letter postmark from the Bronx in New York was from an individual identifying himself as Dirk, sounds like a real jerk, who claimed to be an employed at a high level with Coke and offered great detailed and confidential information. Dirk was identified as Abraham Dimson, the FBI says. Abraham. What kind of an idiot is named Abraham anyway, huh? I remember Abraham, I've already saw him in. The Google Purchase New York. I'm getting the mountain down. Oh, you are slow, man. You don't need the map. Does it say like something? Oh, that's how you find out. And Coke, if you're all immediately contacted the FBI and undercover FBI investigation began. Prosecutors say Williams was the source of information Dimson offered to provide Pepsi. They said that Dirk provided the FBI and are covering the 14 pages of Coke documents marked Class of Hyatt and Confidential. The company confirmed that the documents were relevant, highly confidential, and considered trade secrets. Prosecutors said Dirk requested 10 grand for the documents. Dirk produced other documents that Coca-Cola confirmed were valid trade secrets of Coca-Cola and highly confidential. You also read to me paid 75 grand for the purchase of a highly confidential product sample from a new Coca-Cola product. This is when he's the new Coca-Cola product. What's the one they got now? One? Is that the one? One? I think they have one. I thought that was Pepsi. No, Coke is got, I don't know. I don't know. Pepsi is not the one. But it would purchase his right next to white planes. Oh, yeah, like I said, it will east. So a newarchy kind of place. That's why I'm not too familiar with it. I do know where a massive peak was though. 1057 at 560 engine maker states 1057 a QM. We got the Marlins on deck in 1230. Your Florida Marlins Discord 18 runs yesterday against a watched in that at 10505. Any interest? No. And Jim Manage and then Curtis Nettica after that. Let me tell you right now about the best place to take your feet and that's Brandease in Pombotope. If you don't take good care of your feet, man, arrest your bodies and worth a crap. I'm telling you that right now. That's the truth. Brandease carries all the top names in the shoe business to people to work there in no feet inside and out. And I'm making sure you get a perfect fit every time. And they've always got a special sale to learn. I'm a student even need to be doing because their prices are always unbeatable. Anywhere in town. They've been doing it right for years and years and that's the same great Pompano Beach location. At Brandease will find all the top brands like Forshime, Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance, tons of other name brands in all sizes for men and women. And they even carry wide widths in your heart to find sizes too for those of you with real funky feet. Brandease is the largest independent shoe retailer all South Florida. Garcia, good buddy, Arne, Brandease. So make sure you get the right to fitting shoes at an unbeatable price too. Brandease shoes, you find them at 12.90 north federal highway in Pompano Beach right between Atlantic and Copeland's roads on these side. You can't miss it. Brandease open every day the week. Monday through Saturdays till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a big red tag sale of any Brandease. Thousands and Zillions of pairs on special sale. You'll find all the famous brands, men's, women's, styles. So save a ton of cash and get your feet and good shape. And Brandease, if I go into the store this week, we'll do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandease Shoes.com. This is Neil Roger. What's all this? It's 5.16 a. Neil. I didn't know when he had a BMW QAF. That was my obligatory rats on open to familiarize myself to you. The listening audience on this, my live audition on the air. Many thanks to Clarence and Greeper for the delightful dinner and date last night. That was a wild grind under the Shaquille O'Neill poster over my headboard. I say Shaquille O'Neill in order to distance myself from those who just say she act. In an attempt to establish my own identity. So thanks, fellas. You say I have the gift of gab as opposed to being ungifted in another way. So let's talk in tens of sports now shall we? It provides nebiscities such as myself and Apple II need to feel accomplished in something they never could accomplish in their lives. Even in high school when I would hide under the bleachers from the bullies and ugled the jocks. Nikon to the locker room to inhale yellow laundry. I am glad to be sitting down after last night with Clarence and Greeper. All day I have been walking like William Boyd. We'll be right back with more broadcast professionalism after these wades for master glide. The following program is brought to you by... A strobe! Rascum. It's 11.03. 56. You don't tell me we got another one for the boys. 991 votes. I didn't hear him, so I haven't lied to you. Your son is not going to be too happy with Boker Brian in that bid. I'll tell you that right now. He is going to be really piedowed. 981 votes and then headed with make a thousand by 1130 and we will. Then I tell you that. You did say that. How do you like that? That is a real eye popper if he asks me. Aren't you going to impress? Okay medium, medium and press. You ought to be heavily impressed. Of course I started to pull a five or clock last night. The new one. We only got an hour and 26 minutes. Not that we're counting into Len Marlon Pregame show. Marlon's won 18 in the IIN yesterday. They've pounded the crap out of Washington out of the NACS. It may have wished that it would save some of them runs. Every time they do that the next day they wish they would have saved a couple of runs. Right Josh? Yes, I like it'll be today. Yeah. When I wanted to say that we got down 12 pictures today. Don't we? They? They do? Larry Bynhar writes the basic questions to our government anti-terrorist programs. Actually, the way they do it. By the way, this is an AP wire copy that I'm reading. Okay. I just mentioned that for some of the idiots out there that are too stupid of, oh, he just reads the newspapers and AP wire copy on here. That's all he does for a ride. You should live so long, okay? All these people, you know who is really evil and it's starting to read you bug me. Let me give you a clue. You're going to be surprised when you hear this. Somebody are used to like a lot. It's big now. It's big in the mouth. Readjust. Yeah. Now what's this new show? How long is that what his latest endeavor is that he called the producers and said, I'd like to be a part of that. Well, he isn't. What do we write that? He is not. Yes. He is. Okay. I watched it a couple times. I never saw him anywhere near it. He's the host of it. Okay. You don't see him very much, but he's the host of the group. He was just on King the other night. I was channel surfing by your good buddy Larry with snappinous defenders and his bag. He's so strong. You don't even notice he's there. Okay. I guess you don't see him on camera very much. He's like backstage behind the scenes because he's been on all the great shows like, who wants to be a millionaire like that, you know? What's he got? See a lot of David Hasel, a hot pot next to him. Oh, that's another good reason I've to watch it. But Readjust has started to bug me because and we're all the other side of his false not his show. He just wanted to be a part of it because he wanted. He's just never got enough. How much do you need? How many million? About 30 million. About 30 million you need. I just moved before you find a guy to know. About 30 minutes. I just don't understand that. But America's got talent. And then we got like 75 spin offs of American Idol, the home improvement. And then they got the nerve to tell us that the grandwee's are coming up and we're supposed to care about that. My God. Thank God for my digital table here in the 800 channels that I got. So I can actually find something worth watching. Don't forget, outfost. First watch why we fight. Then watch outfost. All right. Got it? We'll have to be in that order because I'm getting one first and the other. That is correct. Are you going to watch why we fight today? I might. I'm Tonya. Because we're out of here at 12 30. I don't know what time the FedEx shows up here in this building. Well, I just got my FedEx. You see how much more efficient my building is in your cranger and conedient. Although I will tell you this tonight. And did I take the story? I guess not. Because I haven't been on since I had to go. Oh boy. I just hope to go get my new obliterary. Well, you remember the impact it was the last show that I did. It was a week ago today. And remember the phone was ringing about 10 to 2 and I said, I bet you that's my new obliterary. Mm-hmm. It was only the UPS guy left the thing that said, oh, must have personal signature. So we didn't leave the package. I see. So they were going to deliver it the next day. So the next day I made a point. It was going to be between 10 30 and 2. And it got to be around 11 30 and there was nothing to deliver it. And so I called and that began a long series of hostile calls with UPS and but I gave it a good bit about. Finally, I had my camp guide. Grabbed me up to the UPS office, which is a Jain in Steele's. And it's as far north as you can go and still be in the city of Toronto. So now I'll reach way. Mm-hmm. And it's not an almost pleasant hood either. But you know, something that was worth it. Cost me a hundred dollar camp for your whole idea and think, yeah, because UPS is stupid. That's why it's stupid. And because the guy left, he left the package in the building instead of putting it on the way. You're lucky. And then this morning, they're real militant about their procedure. Well, screw that. What do you mean by that? I mean, they do things their way. And if you don't like it, then you're going to think about it. I like it. I like it. But I got my new blackbird. And I said again, if you got one of those old blackberries of flesh and down the toilet, get the new 8700C, it's a good one. Larry Vinehart, the basic questions do our government anti-terrorist programs actually do anything? The financial spine program, how many people is it caught? Who are they? Where are they? What's been done about them? Did a catch anyone that could not have been caught another way? What was the cost per catch? Would that expenditure in time effort money be better applied elsewhere? Did a catch anyone who was part of 9-11? How tight has spent a lot of money on 9-11? They spent a lot of money elsewhere. How many of them cut a battery's head to this program, Tom? More than one? Why haven't they been arrested? Who are they? And where are they? The wiretamps without wars program? How many people did a catch? How many operations did it interrupt? How many arrested captors did lead to? What did it cost? What does it continue to cost? Is it cost effective? If all of that money, however much it has have been spent in other ways, would we have caught more terrorists than we've caught today? Are we doing a really good job in catching a lot of the terrorists? There actually don't seem to be a lot. There was a guy who wanted to take down the Brooklyn Bridge with the blowtorch. Now there's the Miami Six Atlanta one, the urban South seven who everyone describes his willing but not able. There was the lack of one of six where their captors as a result of the wiretamps without wars program? Are they the cream of the terrorist crop? Is that all the ways in the best there is? We had to break all those rules and bend the Constitution into a pressel and spend all that money to get those guys. And the 10 or 20 others I haven't mentioned, but still not a lot and not very fierce. Where they captured his resolve of these special expenditures and his special rule-building bending. If they're not the best in the brightest of the terror quadris, where are they? And why have we caught them? We've also spent billions, killed tens of thousands, lost over 2,500 killed an unknown number-named and crippled to get terrorists and terrorist breeding grounds and terrorists nest in Afghanistan and Iraq. How many of those killed are captured? Confirally, we said we've been plotting against the U.S. If there is an answer, can that number be documented in any way? Can that number be divided into those who might have tried to move against the U.S. before we went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq? And those who've been inspired by our wars? Who's going to ask these questions? The White House Press Corps, Richard Benadette, who of U.S.A. today, Ed Chen of the LA Times, Jessica Yell, and the ABC, can't hermen of Cox News, our senators on the Incident Intelligence Committee, Pat Roberts, Trent Lot, Olympia Snow, John D. Rocker, Hull of the Fourth, Diane Feinstein, Evan Bye, I won't mention any Congress person since the Republicans would never ask these questions in the Democrats would never be heard. How about mainstream media anchor people commentators and reporters? These are not hard questions to imagine. These are reasonable questions to ask. They're not ideological. Liberal or conservative. They're simple. They're practical. It is reasonable to ask if it is necessary to ask, if our government anti-terrorist programs actually do anything. You know what the answer is? No. Right. Why not me. Right anyway. I bet you we got close to a thousand votes send out. Well, We're taking away money from a net vote. Hit the vote, okay. Well, you know what the answer is, we're going to send out Rs.300 last time. Let's vote and get over Rs.300. Will you agree? Now, tell us, what question do you want? Okay, we're going to give them up to 300 friends and our citizenship team. We're going to take away 500 or 30. There's actually another bin on here too. They're all good. Thousands of three votes, which of these would you not vote for for president unless somebody likes stuff you're gunned your head and pull the trigger. Thousands of three votes, born again Christian 235, Republican 231. Scientologist 120, is that the same as scatologist? Very similar. Muslim 1116, I hate this 451, 5% I don't vote. Look at that, look at how many said I don't vote. Black 27, woman 21, gay 20, condolese man. You got like 40, about 70 people that won't vote for your ass. You're black gay ass. Democrats 17, Jews 16, 80 is 12 and Mormon only. It's so long that they say it's only six. That amazing. I like to say it. Scientologists don't know from Mormons. They don't know from the book of Mormon. They would know Joseph Smith from Al Smith. That's their only impression as those guys that come to the door. You know who can do impressions? Yeah. Wow. They're definitely not fit on that. They're still going to have the white shirts in the black top. I have a sock. They have each like pants. Oh, they do a sock puppet. Yeah. I thought a lot could socks off. 20 minutes after, I don't have no socks. They have my shoes on him. We're going to get dressed real quick. I like to make a lunge down the elevator. Not a single way. I got to keep that. Parts over your face. I move fast man. Whether it's still going to do a quick do soon. The middle of the shore. We're going to pick up a tiger. Yeah, you're going to be. I got to admit that. One of these days, I'll master that. Parts were an old-toed man. I can really move. Trust me. You're going to see me in Berlin. That's what I heard. Anyway, 1113 at 5, 16, every 2m. And let me turn again about a great place to take the whole game. Why not do it this weekend for a real treat to the melting pot? If you haven't been to the pot in a while, now's the time to go back. Speaking of that, it's a full four-course dining experience. They start child first with their renowned cheese fondue. And you dip in dunk all kinds of great stuff in that cheese. Like three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes the choice of lively delicious salads. Then your Aunt Grace and food accommodates of lobster filet mignon. See, you've seen some chicken. Pork. I'm not going to say it anymore to get you. You know where to stick it. The stick you're right in there. Caden season chicken. Pork duck part of our mushrooms and lots more cooked in all our broth. And don't forget the dipping sauce. That's what the fondue experience is all about dipping and dunking and dining and dancing like you a car would say. By sure, hope he's dead. Now here's the clincher. Topped off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts was fresh strawberries. Banana's pineapple cheesecake brownies. Tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or Graham crackers for dipping or both. Whatever you like. Just keep dipping and dunking and smiling. You'll want a lot of there with a big, big fat perfect. Only at the melting pot. They're all over town. They're in four-lovered ale. Kendall, Boka Raton, Cooper City, Northmine, and Meat and Crow Springs. Be sure to tell them that old meals such a bag for real treat when you head for the pot. This is New Roger's. This is 5.16 AM. This is the most disgusting program ever. I urge everyone to complain to this station. But I'm talking the fourth of charity I am. And now we're in one of the james. You'll find the around zone. We'll tell the place where I'm on my hands. And these two in somebody's eye I am. One, one, one, one, we fly to my eye. One, two, one, out, out, out. We say goodbye to you. 118 at 5.60. WM-Hepie Thursday, July 6th. And Coulter, maincoder wins the sitting deck of war. Last of order to accomplish to make up 43 people. There was a bit about her last night I keep to overman. I'm countdown, about her plagiaristic tendencies and, in fact, she's a miserable, hateful, a dike bitch. Yep. I'm thought other than that. I'll give it that in a minute. As the apparent victory of Mexico's presidential elections switched back and forth today, this morning, ballots were found in two garbage dumps, according to a raw story. The news was accompanied by various riot reports showing that left wing candidate Andres Manila Lopez Obrador had rejected findings that his opponent Felipe Calderon was the winner. Sounds like another one in fixed elections, like the Bush people specialize in doesn't. Yeah, but that's the next one that would never happen. Although the candies were going to end too. Although official Tally's indicated victory for Calderon of 0.3%. The Mexican newspaper, El Universal, reported that 10 ballot boxes and a polling station, were found in a garbage dump and a poor neighborhood in Mexico City, going to rotors. The ballots came from three preachings in the city of Santa and it's got 800 letters in it which I can't pronounce. A low-paz Obrador stronghold according to the website Narco News. Narco News. Oh boy. Another indication of the electoral fraud ballots were also found in the second garbage dump in the city of Zalapah. And we've been to the beginning with an ex. I just mentioned that in passing. The capital of the Mexican state of Heracruz. Parts of the Spanish language report were translated by a contributor to the discussion board of the website Democratic Underground, a state department spokesman in earlier declared that Mexico is a vibrant dynamic democracy and Mexican institutions are fully capable of dealing with any, any irregularities and ensuring the principles of law and transparency. But I just like him Florida. Transparency. That's why the judge there was looking so hard through that ballot because it was transparent. Yeah. He was holding it. He was saying, it was transparent. He was looking right through it. That's what he said. He said it's transparent. See? Like the Beatles said, I'm looking through you. Oh, it's speaking of the invisible man with very maland. Now about Tom Rodriguez. And I know that that was the movie again. The hollow man with clawed reins. And I always say it was a very good. It was a good. Todd reins never reins but it posed. 1033 on that pool man. We just a little over and out right from that Marlon game. I've had a stir cranking up some of that pregame music. Do you think I think you should get some go in. That we should probably get it going right now. It's been in prison. Do you know one? Huh? Get some music on deck. New young. His bio was on the other net on the biography channel. I turned it right off. Would you watch New young's biography? I know as much as I want to. I think that's who the bio is so wanted before. Oh, maybe not. My audio fee is in Sunday. I'm 10 seconds. Today is a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. Any land is dead. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. That's a good day. Okay, we'll play the game in a few minutes. Conservative firebrand mancoder and nasty hateful salivate dike was awarded a sitting dike award by National Society of newspaper commas who met in Boston this past weekend, according to editor and publisher. The award typically doubled out in an ironic fashion came with a statement from the society that Coder received the prize for cheapening political discourse in America. We award the lame dike reluctantly because we owe me his Coder his desk for any kind of attention to society at him. A Coderway celebrity news group, mancoder was mentioned in criticised several times by speakers at the National Society of newspaper promised conference. Then she received the NSNC's ultimate mention in criticism, winning the annual annual sitting dike award for easiest column target. The award last year went to Detroit commas, Mitch Albom and Sacramento Beacom is Diane Erwin. Wonder if he's can to stew Erwin? Erwin was fired and later were scoryated by her paper for fabricating 30 people. Not 30 men. And 27 columns. Investigators randomly sampling pieces from Erwin's 10 year career could not account for 13 people in additional 10 columns. Editor in publisher said the humorous award is given annually to a celebrity who makes obvious fodder for commas and writer with writer's block. Michael Jackson, Son of Musane, where among the nominees, but the society that found the best column fodder came from its own ranks for your fodder. These commas made it easier for other commas to write something on a slow news day. They should say these best present to EMP. We didn't have to make something up because they ever did before us. How you like that? All those good, really, better than we are right wing jackasses, man. All those holy, arrolin secret, the closet queen crowd. Oh, you're going to vote for this but how swive's on the emis on the Grammys, whatever this is. The emis. The emis of the show. Gray's anatomy, house, the soprano is 24 in the West Wing for the best drama series. I've never seen any one of those. Best comedy series. Our rest of development, Kirby enthusiast, the orifice, scrubs into an half men. I've never seen any of them. The orifice is all right. Scrubs. The orifice? Yeah. Scuds. That's it. Oh, no, Mrs. Cagan was husband needs a lot of Viagra. How do you like that? He's like 75 different prescription. For husband. Now I'll be even more done. You want to make you want a cute just thinking about that? Oh my god, how disgusting. That's like trying to think about Robert Gruper, Gruper in the beast, grouping and grouping with their clearance with parents and courses to the man. Stay to how long of the studio clearance. I don't want to hear your voice. I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to know anything about you. I don't want to smud you. Just stay to how away. I think we ought to get a whole bunch of calls in between now and Marlum time. No, you. Oh, yeah, get a whole bunch of all the time. I mean, we've got this one opportunity and a whole week now until Tuesday with you, Hogan, all the airtime. Don't forget watch why we fight tonight and then you'll get the other big package here with all those great movies. I remember Greenwall. Can't wait. I've got a lot of things to do with the fact that it's the first one you want to watch on a fox. I also try to find fog of war. I haven't found that that's the one where they have the interview with Robert McNamara who was one of the chief liars. There were so many dreamy LBJ days, room V and I'm just like the fact that they isn't interesting. How they start these things. All based on lies. The Gulf of Tonkin and the Incident which never happened. We're just a total lie. Look at the great job we didn't career. You know, they're far enough all these missiles now. And it should make one reflect. Right. Back on the great job we did there in career. We solved all the problems of the world. We're fighting all those coming pinkos. That's right. We stopped in the course. The great job we didn't be at. And now the fantastic job we're doing in Iraq, which didn't attack us. Didn't represent a threat to us or anything. But nevertheless, I'll based on more lies. And there was that role in cool and poll. I see him. You'll see him in the movie. But if it just pisses me off there for whatever reason. I know this because he's got that light black complexion. I don't know what to deal is because he's former military. But he gets a free pass. Right. And he was a stooge man. He was a stooge. He willingly went on there and lied at the UN. He sat right there with that vile of tuna fish or whatever was in it. Man. In fact, that's what they told him. Take this vile. Go into the tea room. Take some tuna fish and take a fish and put it all together. And that's what was in the vile. It smells pretty vile is what I'm hearing. That coffee and in my coffee. He was puking his guts out. Just from the aroma. And then he sat there and lied. Right. And that John Negro party. There's another one for him. And the book for hundreds. There's another one. He was sitting right behind him as he was sitting there. And George Tena was sitting on his other shoulder. Like a parrot. Like for a red or with his cockatoo. How's he doing by the way, Geretta? Good thought for what I thought. I thought whatever happened with that civil suit. I've never heard any more about that. I guess nobody cares about him anymore. Robert Blindon. But you had to come in. Yeah. I would agree with that. If you've got a nagging, hateful, a sal, life, girlfriend both. Let's tell him man. Perhaps with pregnancy. It's actually now in Florida that we got that, you know, if there is a, if there is a, if there is a, you're going to walk to a bar. When in the law, they represent a threat to you man or they like, annoying you or, and of course you see what happened to Kenny Lane. Now they were talking a lot about how stress kills. And that's right. Stress kills. Somebody is a stress on your life. One more way. I'm starting to think about that myself now. Anybody that puts even a size of the amount of stress on my ass. Guess what? There you go. About a being. About a being. Another amazing how that movie does. Tell a thing you've blown it, brains all over your knife. I believe so. Yeah. And then as a prime minister, I don't care what you say. Okay. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. They talk about what? The guard father all the time. And that's why they say, thought of being in the, I say no, guard father. I was in the olive oil business with his son-in-law. 27 after 11 at 5 60 W 2 M something. They sometimes sometimes I feel, what does this man talking about? That it's the things in your carpet that you can see that are bad for you. In South Florida for 28 years, dry concepts is the best in the world of making those carpets look in smell and feel brand new and make them a senator again. I've used him for 21 long amazing years in every single time. They never let you down. They do a fabulous job. When you drag clean your carpets with dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. Your carpets stay cleaner longer to the no sticky residue left behind. And with over 50,000 satisfied South Florida customers, you'll have a lot of company people walking around with a big smile on their posts. And don't forget, dry concepts are also the experts in water, damage restoration. Good to keep in mind during hurricane season. Certified technicians each of them mold zone and a matter of just minutes, not these. And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's guaranteed. Just like all their work is guaranteed. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their fantastic job. And the top of it all off, dry concepts that they stated they are oriented and are working in cramped. The only one in all of South Florida on site dedicated to keeping those expensive area rocks looking brand new too. So do yourself a favor. This is a guaranteed deal man. They always do it's to pen this job and unbeatable price. Call dry concepts so free and datebrower or the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071 and some at ancient Crank in the O'Tour to the call 1-800-248-5071 run the wicked web just log on to dryconcepts.com. This is a new runner to sell this is 5-16-2-8-6. They're doing a boat of the boat. Oh, I'm Christian Begood. Love your friendly NSA. You know, you hear a lot of negative things about our agency, but I'm here to tell you about the good things we do. Like biting tourists. I ask you what better way to find tourism than to make all of you suspects. And how can you miss? Especially when we were ordered to stand down on the real one. Since my leader gave us full access to your checking accounts for, oh, is about anything except for the city bag money train and were used by the Saudis. We have raisins for those of you who have nothing to hide. Now you no longer have to worry about paying those bills that are going to do. The NSA will pay them for you. Whether you have the funds or not. Overjoy. Overjoy. This service is already paid for by your tax dollars. Anyone who speaks out against it will be designated al-Qaeda. Thank you for your silence and obedience. In his say, we know your life story. And the say, we know your life. It's 1133 27. And here's a facts. Our first facts of the day, we have an 1-wheel phone call. And it's 1130 already. There's an 1-wheel phone call. And we get a facts. Did you read the penis pump judge to run this smoking gun? That's an old story. Now even there's an update on it. I just looked at the smoking gun. And I saw Rush and the Avagra. And his suitcase. And it's anything about the judge. No, that's the guy that was doing it under his robe. Right. I understand that. But that's an old story. It was something new on him. Why don't we have a sentence to story? And he got a new one. Here's Josh's favorite line. Here's the Josh line. You a m. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. The new young song is note for no all. God, three. City of New Orleans. He listened and played them back to back. It's the same thing note for note. I'll be damned. Yeah. Check it out. Okay. Okay. It's similar. I like that song. He's right. That's a Rippa. He's a little guy in the middle of the game. He's so young. No more. Got it? Yeah. He's a fairly good guy. So we ought to probably proceed it by playing. She can't help. That one is a little bit. But there is our little Guthrie. And then we'll go to the next one. Come on in. Well, I'm pleased. I'm welcome. Okay, I said enough. I'm sure you must have talked about this until you were blue in the face. What's happening? See, the media ought to be screaming. The media. Wait, wait. Can you see this thing about our fox? Or they have the former producer of the Donahue, the ill-fated Donahue, and MSNBC, the shea, the shea, the shea, the shea, the shea, the shea, the they brought him back to the ill-fated short period of time. And the the mandate came down. They had an out fox fox. In other words, if they had two, this is the truth. If they had a panel of guests, if they had two liberals, they had to have three conservatives. Right. True story. Uh-huh. So this is what they're doing. And they're all trying to out fox fox. It's what they're doing, including we certainly not news network. But I'm sure you were all over Bush told training to discredit him. That critical of Iraq policy. You talk about that. Did you mention it? No. No. You didn't mention it though. I thought to be it. Oh my god, well, thank you so much. Because I know that when I read the AP wire company, people get all whipped up to do a frenzy by it. This is from the British Guardian that you won't read in your daily reader, in your weekly reader, in your Miami-Herald. Even though the stories that are round, but of course, on the main story, the so-called MSM, the mainstream media, we have to like, well, there's no evidence that the person actually told him to reveal the identity of a drill Wilson's wife. And you got to, you know, right. I mean, the public ought to be just, I think, I said, in the end of this movie about the on our fox, at the end, we're quoting Patty Trayowski and Howard Beow. The public's busy watching America's Got Talent. And by the way, speaking of that show, since you said you've actually seen someone, it's just the tea I haven't seen, but I heard some talking about him and he had some clips. Just a tea prep offer to Gwang Show. That's exactly what I said. Right. But it's not cheap. It's very expensive and low. Whatever the company is. I mean, cheap, not in terms of cost and terms and terms of what it is. And none of those things are new ideas. Talent shows are as old as, you know, as a headmark. Right. As major bows, only chicken, I can, I don't know, remember, major bows. And the go-mco. Yeah. They're format is just like the Gwang Show, except that they have buzzers instead of the Gwang. And they got ridius instead of Chuck Burris. I wouldn't be surprised. I'm one of those episodes of America's Got Talent. If Chuck Burris comes out and says, but I think it's a religious right there in the State of the old dirty den, doesn't he? You know, that'd be a big improvement. Yeah. I mean, not that I don't like ridius anymore, but you know what? I'm getting tired of him. How many bids do you see old fool? Okay. Enough is enough already. And you notice the one thing, the one constant, and when he was out with King the other night, too, they did the same thing. If you ever watched his show with Kelly Ripple, which you think she's really hot, and I think she's very, very media-friendly. But anyway, she's got this cough and they always have the big cough, the big coffee cups, the mugs, you know? Uh-huh. And I wish you could be a drinker. But at first of all, I think that they're empty number one. Okay. And what is that prove? Well, what does that supposed to indicate that it's the morning? And they're not talking night when he was on it with King Louis the morning. Maybe the Larry it was the morning. It was time to empty out the bag. Anyway, this is by Susan Goldenberg, right for the UK of the Guardian. President George Bush directed his vice president Dick Cheney to take personal charge of a campaign to discredit a former ambassador to accuse administration of twisting pre-war intelligence on a rack and he merged yesterday, meaning Wednesday, meaning Tuesday, meaning Tuesday. No meaning Wednesday. The revelation by the National Gerely respected weekly political magazine that Mr. Bush took a personal interest and countering damaging allegations by the former ambassador to Wilson reveals a lighthouse that was extraordinarily sensitive to any criticism of his pre-war planning. It's time to smear and smear, baby. That's all they know, smear and smear. It also returns the focus of the criminal investigation in the outing of a CIA agent to the White House. Only weeks after the senior eight Carl Roe was told he wouldn't face prosecution. The journal said Mr. Bush made the admission in July 24, 2004 interview in the Oval Office with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald. That was not interesting. That was July 2004. That was months before the November presidential election. When did it have been nice to get that information then? Yeah, what a. An age of lie, 2000's for interview with the, a neo-of-a-law, this was special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald who is leading the investigation in the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plain. Ms. Tim is Murray to Will Wilson, who says her cover was broken in retaliation after accused administration of knowingly using false information on Saddam Hussein's weapons programming. According to the National Journal Mr. Bush told prosecutors he directed Mr. Chained and disclosed classified information both to defend his administration and to discredit Mr. Wilson, aka smear and smear. Elsewhere, the magazine quotes other government officials saying that Mr. Bush was very anxious to use classified information to counter Mr. Wilson's charges telling the vice president, let's get this out. When in doubt, get it out. That's where Bubba used to say. However, the president sort of investigators they never directed anyone to disclose Ms. Plain's identity. Right. He also said he was unaware Mr. Chained directed his chief of staff Lewis Scooter-Libbi to covertly leaked the information rather than formally declassify it. Mr. Libby has, you know, facing the bad meat by faces this, Kuba. No media challenged from the White House. The revelation at Mr. Bush and Struff in Chained to personally oversee the campaign in the script. Mr. Wilson arrives at an inconvenient time for a White House of V.M. and criticizing leaks. I like that. A lot of people take a lot of leaks to the White House and they're all we can have. They must have quality plumbing, I think. Remember the plumbers in Watergate? That's right. Yeah. See how it all leaks together? Yeah. All the leaks all the time. John Dean is in this movie too briefly. He's a good guy, John Dean. Turn from an evil door into a good guy. You know, I didn't tell the President, there's a cancer on Uranus. President was up there on a balcony looking out at this telescope or looking out at space. Well, he can't write to those people on outer space. Because the butcher would decede he definitely is out of this world. I teach Elunic, you and what we better start talking really fast. You're not keeping me moving here. Got to move her. Move it. Take some calls. Move it long. No, I got to do the break with these 65 spots. Pretty soon we're going to start selling tens. So how many tens are there like in a minute or six? So four minutes time we're going to have like 24 tens. All right. In a break. We've been like 40 pages for the long. Nobody has the work but German. Finally, a TV experience like no other Comcast digital people with on demand is easy to use. And let's you take viewer control to a whole new level with Comcast on demand. TV is on your terms because you can choose to show on your schedule and possibly why to whatever you want. And for a limited time, you can connect it to Comcast digital cable and HB on demand for just 3499 a month, three, three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? Well, I might be glad you asked. For starters, you can watch over 3000 free movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right when you're in a mood to watch it. You sure can't get all this with satellite. So did your dish today and get a big savings up to 550 bucks plus on demand so you can build your own TV schedule. And best of all on demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable. So picture showtime, sit back and you wonder how you've got along without it. Call today or to Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power fund demand for just 3499 a month. For your first three months. In date call 305 Comcast and in call 954 Comcast for a full details today. Certain restrictions apply. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. You got to go. Goodbye kid, late. We're dancing on your crazy. They all took pay that over with the run of side truckers stop to give everyone a chance to squat. Raccooners screaming to put that girl down. Or a hero of the dream. And in these times of seeing justice always stand. Here's the only way we'll see it grow thin. You'll find it difficult out to stand your money now. I hope they bury you face down. And you'll be followed by the rest of your first crime family home. And we'll be feeling the chest. You'll be a drop to the world. I'll put that good put that chest. If you're happy with it. It's now enough of words. If I can say how much I hate this unsent enough website. They should only croak. I'm going to have to read this off the computer off my screen. They won't print out. They'll scream. The Florida Supreme Court today rejected $145 billion. They're averted to largest ever by American juridants to back up companies. For now and now the print comes up. For now I can now the damn thing went off. You owe it to you. Quizzling's man. It just vanished. The story just disappeared. Like I said, don't we hate them like poison? Yes. Well, how come the damn story won't come back now? Well, like I said, they threw it out. Florida Supreme. I'll get back to it. Diana. 560. Let's talk real fast because we only got like 44 minutes. But who's counting to the moral and pre-game show? Well, we had one almost real call there. The guy was, he didn't have anything to say. But he had a point of information there. And he was accurate. He was absolutely. That's the city of New Orleans is the same malady that nearly I'm ripped off there for that. Let's impeach the president. Right. Right. So let's sue him. WM Hello. Okay. Now that's one of the better ones we've had so far. WM QAM Hello. QAM Hello. WM Hello. WM Hello. Okay. WM QAM Hello. Why are they slower? Why must be the heat? QAM? The baby. You're watching. Yeah, must be the heat. WM QAM Hello. Right. The search for a real call. Someone said something to say. No. You're talking about read, read yourself. Uh-huh. Five, you know, it's now I'm getting them to see because I always like a good challenge. You know what I mean? That's why I think I like playing the slots. It's a challenge. Okay. And then that's what this is. If there's anybody out there in a 2 1 1, 2 and a half hour show who's got anything to say. And it was not just a point of information on the other guy. But something a declarative statement. Right. You think it's possible? No. No. But let's find out. WM QAM Hello. QAM Hello. See that one. I hit the square on that. Mm-hm. Didn't just astonish you. What is number? We're getting my yesterday too. No. I went and we've watched my time with Ellen. He doesn't get on when I'm on. How many QAM? QAM? Nail? Yes. That's a movie. Why we fight? Is that the one with size and power picture on the front of it? Yes, it is. I got that at home. It's good. It's not good. It's sensational. It's better than good. Why haven't you watched it yet? Because I was thinking it was boring because I was in our station with all of it. Well, he was usually pretty boring, but in this one case, everybody has their moment in the sunshine. In his one case, he and the right stuff. He said, hey, did you notice this? The one that died yesterday, he was always talking about Jesus and Jesus was going to help him and Jesus was on his side. Well, Jesus saying Jesus ain't paying all those people back that he ripped off. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, faith, faith Christians. That's what he was. Amen. Okay. We'll watch it right now, pal. Thanks, Neon. Please do myself. Think about it. Why we fight? It's got ice picture. We all say I like cake. Winner of the Sundance Film Festival, Grand Prix prize. That's good. How good it was. And it is of 2005. International Weekly says nimble and brilliant out of if anyone not to be staggered by it. Rolling stone says the impact they're shattering and they are absolutely correct. Make no mistake about it. Oh, and I guess what's happening now? What? What's happening now? Because I'm hearing something pretty out. It's not from the machine that sends me your faxes over on my left. This is the one over on the right that prints out the stories. It's a little bit slow. That's some scandal. But here it is. Do you know how long ago was that I clicked that thing to print this story? About 30 minutes ago. Yeah. About 70 years ago, it comes surface. The Florida Supreme Court today rejected $145 billion for it. It's largest ever by an American jury against tobacco companies for entering smoke or saying it was excessive. $145 billion, my ass. Crazy people. And let me say it again. There is nobody out there who is holding a gun smoking or otherwise. Do you have making a smoke? Is that why they called the smoking gun? I think so. It says right there on a package with a big skull on crossbow. Is it going to kill you? It's going to tear your kishkiza. And to the same with the food man, I still say if these lawsuits any of them can go forward against the tobacco companies and ever be upheld. Then the same thing should be true against the food people that are poor that are kill us. Right. Like with these trans fats, how about that? The deal with the killer food chicken. You saw that one in 10 days ago whenever. Yeah. The justice has also approved an apelical ruling that had been a mistake to certify a class action lawsuit representing an estimated 3 to 700,000 ill-forvittions that resulted in the huge jury award for punitive damages in 2045 billions more than I make in six weeks. The suit led by a pediatrician doctor Howard Engel was filed in Miami by the husband and wife team legal team of Stanley and Susan Rosenblatt. The accused industry of misleading people about the dangers of smoking. Yamama. Originally filed in 1994 and behalf of the all of the kids and smokers in the US. The third district court of appeals permitted a trial only after reducing the class to Florida smokers. A majority of the states high court, however, reinstated a $2.85 million damage award to Murray Farnin and a $4 million award to Angie Delaveccia, a $5.8 million award to Frank Amadeo, like Farnin and Delaveccia, Kansas, drinking smoker, who brought the original suit was not restored into the Israeli. Well, there you go. Smoke him if you got him and you're going to be dying over there. I'm sure you're right now. Smoke cigarettes and there's a good chance you're going to get like lunged. Cancer and infosema and lip cancer and mouth cancer and a big jog addict to tend to the tumor all these all of these things. Everybody knows that. Boca Brian, you idiot, you quizzling you. You're fair. Hello, nice this this week. I wonder what that, oh, not in the morning, ladies. I've got to get to the studio. Oh, it's a show for the day. Come on, women again. Four hours. Yes. That's for you. That's what it looks like. It's a George Hrowman. You sure put that on there. Okay. That's what I want to go. Boca put that on there. So I don't have to waste my time with George's stuff. I have no interest in dealing with George's goods. Thousands of them. Look at that. We have a thousand and ninety nine votes on there. It's not even the noon yet. Nuneas. Oh, waiting news conference with President Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper. Oh, brother, talk about the blind leading the blind. Talk about. But we're a little bit dumb and dumb. Doofus and the boofus. 114 votes. Which of these would you not vote for for President? The president of boarding in Christian 3656 Republican 257. Scientologist 1358 Tommy. Too fair. How's the people in Tommy? Muslim 125. I hate this full 58. I don't vote 32. Good. Black. Look how many said it wouldn't vote for black. I've heard of me. Rednex. Racist. Honkeys. Women 23. Gay 21. Democrat 19. Jew 18. Atheist 13. An Immorment Legal Solomon T. C. At the. At least seven. Out of 114 votes. We like the moment. Let's have a moment present. What do you say? Not that mid-roundening guy. Let's find a better choice than that. How about Donny Osmond about orange hatch? Oh, guys. I hear he's got a funny little patch on his hatch. No, yeah. Looks like a. The state Supreme Court in Georgia reinstated Georgia's constitutional ban on game marriage today. Not a good day for game marriage in New York or in Georgia today. Just ours after New York Times court upheld at state's game marriage ban. The Georgia Supreme Court reversing a lower court judge is ruling decided unanimously that the band did not violate the state's single subject rule for ballot measures. Superior court judge constant Russell Fulton County had ruled that it did. 76% of Georgia voters approved the ban. What was on the ballot in 2004? What a shocker man. What a shocker to this alpha-coquer that voters at Georgia would vote to a ban game marriage. I mean, what other things they got to worry about, huh? That's good. Maybe they stopped deliverance to many times. Maybe they're worried about what's going on up there in the woods. But they're baby. Spend that baby. I want you to watch your network again. You want to do it, wait a minute. I'll do it. Just say you'll do it and say you liked it this time. Yeah, just lie. No, no, you should do it. You should watch the whole thing. I just watched the whole thing. I just watched it in two parts. I woke up again. But he did like a lot from there. Heroes. He didn't see any of the good stuff in the movie because the go on. We've had all the good stuff. Well, at least he taught you that. I mean, that was one hell of a pill pop in family. You didn't even see any of that either. Did you see the scene where she went and she bought the guy gave her this cigar, the stokey for the blunt. Did you see that? No. You missed all the good stuff. Don't bring me man. It was a fun. It was a fun TV. I saw what I saw. And she passes out on the lawn and her enemy neighbor. No, I saw that part where she passes out and the neighbor runs over. She's bringing her over on martini and drops the martini. No, no, no, no, no. That was another passing up. Oh, I thought about she passed out on the scene. To be blown about it. 113 votes on the pole. We got to David and Boring and Rossi Foxy with that Marlin stuff. They're only nine games under 500 right now after that big. Right. 1918 and nine victory yesterday in Washington. Any interest in those red hot Marlin. Well, look warm. Actually, Washington's red on a ranch. Now, this is a big game in the battle for what? Third place? Yeah. Because you got the Marlin's Washington. And of course, Atlanta, which is having one horrendous year. Isn't nice to see that. It's like those choking disgusting pigs man, the brave. And that's to see that. And what's the sense of them winning the pen in anyway? Because then they wind up losing the world's serious. They only want to believe one time. I've worked about that to our correct. In this modern history when they win the. The visionary and then they wind up choking and gagging. And the world's serious. So who don't need to bunch of chokeers and gaggers? I think we ought to have a gagboard around the brave. You're going to get a chipper Jones. He's a lady. I'm telling you, man, what you were saying about war in a hat before. Patch whatever else. He's got it. Trust me. And how come they're picking on my good buddy, Christy on a renado just because they've Inscorneau goals just they they had nil. 1157 and five. You don't even know who that is. Either one of you do. Who put that number 17 for a Portugal. There's like, like, 65 hundred renado in the world. No, he's the only one to count. That other one that skin had. He's a dissed. All of he. He did score for Brazil. Then he scored two goals in everyone game. How's Brazil doing, by the way? Didn't they get beat? Yeah. Too bad. And all European final man, a French against the Italians. Holy moly. We went at all European semi-final. He teach you people, a lesson or two. All them beingers. George. Huh? Three minutes till noon a QAAM. Let me tell you again. The only great place to take your feet is brandy shoes. It's the largest independent shoe retailer on the south of Lebanon. Raven about brandy's for years. And you will, too. You'll never buy shoes any place else after your first trip to Brandy's. Because when it comes to price, selection and service, they are absolutely unbeatable. They got all the top names. Floor Shrine. Echo. Rockport. Mufisto. New Balance. Touch puppies. Tons of other name brand shoes. And all sizes for men and women. And they even have those wide wits and hard to find sizes. In fact, the only thing they do at Brandy's is shoe. So you never have to worry about size selection and service. Go see your good buddy, Arnie. Come make sure you get the right fit and the right price, too. You'll find Brandy's in the same location. They've been doing it great for years and years. 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach between Atlantic and Copa Thamese side. You can't miss it. Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday, 09 and every Sunday till 5. In this week, like I told you before, it's a red tag sale of any brandy's. Thousands and resilience appears on special sale. Famous brands, men's and women's styles. So it's a great way to get your ass in there and say a lot of cash. And do your feet upright or do your shoe shopping right there on your Fed ass. Just log on to Brandy's shoes.com. This is New Roger. All right. This is 560 Q.A.S.A.S.A. Hey, I'm from Alina and I'm a Russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly grill house with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new Rookay, I'm an Easter hour. Check out it! On the 9-11 with us in particular a group that had been outspoken in critical of the administration. These rods are millionaires. Why an I start TV? I've never seen people enjoying their host's death so much. Yeah, and come to some Benchies. See us for a lovely... That's the booting. Next everybody, angry, get the little zomu-dum. Worship by the box nil's game. Cuts is gone downtown. I've never landed on me in a plane. No one would get right off. You can be a winner. You could be a priest. You know that's your attack. You'll be with a death's ugly. Wonder what's safe there. But drop in for a bomb on. She's so poor. For a saw soul, just like that gives her a very long arms. Can you make her go away? To be breakers, many lids. We wish each other great. Wonder if all of you did just the way. She'll walk in any way. One thing we shardin' today. And all of us are slaves. Man talks is a... Very fascinating. To speak out, using the fact that they're widows. I'm sending you somebody who will allow to respond to. No, no, we always have to respond to someone who just had a family member die. Because then we will also grow. You're questioning their authenticity. They were using their grief in order to make a political point. These grudds, you know, are familiar in their talk by safety. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much. They're all over the new. Oh, brother. I've taken one thing. I've put her out of her misery. And I'll rest of us too. When I get on the idea. Oh, it's a nice little idea. Can he let yesterday and man-coded today? It would be sensational. He heard about cats and heresis playing by the way. No, but about folly's man. Talk about a simple and this Stephen Harper there. The Canadian Prime Minister was there with Dufus Bush for the country. And also in order to... He knew the interpreter. Because now he way started out in English. And now he's got on. He's morphed into frog. Now he's doing the French routine there. And it translating. I have an assurances. Oh, my god. Parleboogit lost. You phony, you piece of turd, you bush wannabe. Format is past new to 560 WQA. I'm hairless and it's hot. Nobody wants to get all whipped up in English. Okay. Let's just have a few last. Right? Take a few of these great calls. We actually finally did get one call. You said I wouldn't get a real one. I don't tell me you like on the average day. You're not getting like any real callers. Oh, I guess. Yeah. One. I get some real callers. So what? You got to take a hundred to get a couple. Well, so what's wrong with that? And that's what it kills lots of turds. I told you then, you take a hundred and then all of the somebody at least expected some fantastic thing comes in there and like you just a lucky old man. I've heard. You ended him really. I'm six, seven, oh, five, 60. If you do call by the way, say you're crap fast. Because we got the Marlin Pregame Show at 1230. Marlin's on Drek and then we got the Marlins in the Nats. I want to find. Don't forget to stick around. We're check back what is later to see if the ball games over. So the man dog will be on. Like he used to see on issue when. Check back what is later. Maybe we'll have some money like we doubt it. But check back what is later. WQAM Hello. Return number one. WQAM Hello. Recharge number two. WQAM Hello. Hey, I was going to the meal. Yes, sir. Oh, man. Good to hear you. I just wanted to say I was listening to a while and I'm here this morning and they were going absolutely crazy with a fart Mont Blas. Really? Oh, my goodness. I can't even walk. You don't think when he comes over to New mornings and I'll be seeing it. He's going to be farting on QAM. Oh, man. I'm not sick. So I'm back to back about an energy. Let them rip. And those fart noises were going. What? Oh, man. I was wishing I could have. I think we're going to have their ass on a plate pretty soon. If they don't watch it. Oh, man. What was that? I don't know. I've never heard of fart sound. Okay. Listen, they're close to your cheek type, and they're hang tight. How you like that? They're farting up the storm. Why when I run out of it? How do you like that, Joyce? They were doing it on Nickelodeon the other day too. Well, we can't fart on this thing. You know something that's America for it. That's what's happened now. You can't even fart in peace. God, almighty. When you think, and this business, well, he reads AP, our news copy on it. When we can't do anything anyway, we can't say anything. The idea that we're even still on the ear and have, like, even a measurable number is a major mirror for what's going on now. We got the new general man where he's having a lobotomy at the moment. The program director such as it is keeps coming in there. I'll think that I'm going to like talk to it, and I'm not going to talk to what I'm not going to like smell it, talk to it, acknowledge it. I got to learn nothing to do with it. Now, you are witnessed to that again this morning. How many times have I told him? How many times? I've got 30 minutes. I want to talk to you. I'm not there's nothing in my talk, Greg. This is I need to deal with you. So if you want me to continue to show up doing the show is very rarely doing the summer thing. God, but if you want to show, then just leave me alone. There's nothing that you're going to bring to the table. Okay? Besides a still piece of hollow of a, there's nothing you're going to bring to the table, turns that we need. It's going to contribute to my show, to George, to George, to George, to anybody connected with the show. Because it's not a sports show, so get out of our face. You quizzling you. You're fairy. God. Atlantic City's 12th, because he knows began shutting down for the first time ever at eight o'clock yesterday morning as they knew jersey, budget crisis that began the first to July continued. I'm going to tell you, when they shut down racing at the middlelands, that's when they stare really cross in my fat ass. The government shutdown, which has resulted in the closure of all nonessential government offices, began after the state legislature failed to adopt a new budget by the constitutional deadline last Friday. Among nonessential government agencies affected by the shutdown, was the State casino control commission, which is charged with regulating gambling and Atlantic cities, casinos. I have no authority in order is there any lot of support the notion that casinos, inspectors are essential state employees, Governor Corazine, told state legislators, state employees are deemed essential our exempt from the furlough. The casinos contribute some $1.2 million in tax revenue to the state each day, each day, according to the casino control commission. I think you're like that. Governor Corazine urged you assembly to come to a consensus quickly, saying there's much more at stake than a canceled visit to Atlantic City, or Brian's here is not winning six races tonight at the middlelands. As far away, we've got to get the middlelands back racing, so we can get that damn meadows off of my horse network on a cable here. My god, there's my buddy Marty Adler. I wonder if we're going to hear the post-prator that's going to not give me any audio. However, I want to speak with Barquayos. Remember the day Marty Adler called in the voice of Windsor Raceway for last time here, remember that? Nope. Yeah, you do get out of here. Three Skylar Seale's Daryl Colour. There's racing from Windsor, man. Anyway, now that I got the meadows on it, with a screaming shouting lunatic, Roger Houston. Oh, brother, this he grabbed me. I'll talk about an ego. He makes mistakes. I'm sure he's going to be a better player and seem like Miss Manors. Just unbelievable. A lot of control. Roger Houston. He was the first and answer at Tom Pano Park by the way. Just went to an end passing. I met his past new at his five, 60. Remember what I told you before they showed they? Nobody wants you about horse racing. Keep that in mind. Okay, I'll stop. Red Ross. Hey, hurricane season is here. Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home. Hurricane shut about it. Has your duality set of hurricane panels? Why would you want to bother with those big home and from what warehouses? You shut about. Look at your complete source for hurricane protection. You can do it yourself and save it. Time to cash. They've got everything you need to get the job done and save you that big money. They stack all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. They're cut to your knees ready for pickup or delivery. I'll product or date Broward and Palm Beach County approved to contractors and Stirlers. Welcome. They've said all major credit cards. They've Broward and Palm Beach County approved. Step by step and stress their included. So why would you want to pay all the extra cash for installation? When their hurricane shut about. You need to do it yourself and save you big. Call them at 954-237-7083 or log under website hurricane shutaboutlet.com. Come on. The essential get a hundred bucks off a minimum orders for them in 50 square feet. Just for mentioning my name. You'll find them at 600 ants in vote of our calendar on the east side of our 95 between Hallendale Beach Blower and Pembroke Road. Here's that number again. 954-237-7083 or log under their website. Hurricane ShuttleOutlet.com. This is Neil Roger's Rock Solid. This is 516-156. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Want a lollipop little boy? Hello and welcome to a colorless fairer. Mr. Bush, have you seen Elgors movie on global warming? The Hanna-Seen movie. I heard about it. Well, it's excellent. So what are your thoughts on global warming? But that's why the world is just getting warmed up. What have global consequences across the globe? And it could spread quickly across the globe. And across the world. And it is dangerous. It is dangerous. I'm confident we were for the boring. But they did it to the world. And it's an important work. And I would like this to end as quickly as possible. Within a mark. Yeah, so would we. Speaking of something that's spreading quickly across the globe and is really dangerous. How about fascism sounds good to me? There you go. And how's the people that you got there blood on your hands, Mr. Hot Shot? Two lunatic standing there side by each. Anyway, what's the point of getting anxious? It's about a rotating murky people who give a cramp. They're like, do more than so on. We got 1100 and some odd vote. 1100 of 52. Aren't you impressed? I am. So it's just past noon that we got 1152. So you want to start learning about how to do your pull business, Mr. Yeah, but I can't think of a pull until the next morning. Why not? Because make it party your daily wage. Man, make it party your agenda. I can never remember. Party your homosexual agenda. And besides, I like to see how it shakes out. Like right after we put it on there. What does that mean? I like to see how it takes off. Like right from the beginning. Well, it's fresh. So if you can't put it on as an idea before you can. You can't see how it. And if we should happen to think of something, you know, between the two of us and callers and anybody else, then you know, we want to have the new additions have a chance. I see. But look at this laziness. That's what I was going to get to. Speaking of the gadgets, Microsoft corporations playing a heavy portable music and video player out by Christmas and in child staff of computers, I pod. Evan read all these negative things about the iPad. I like my iPad. I don't care what anybody says. It has its pluses and minuses. What are the minuses? It doesn't have a lot of options. Like, like to be able to queue up a song while you're listening to another one to be able to delete files from it from the device itself. I see. You can use other user management programs to work it like all the other. You know, you can use any music management. Well, I mean, there is any devices that have been made. They couldn't be better. Correct. Right. As far as the Clitz value, nothing is a glitz here and slicker and smaller than the iPod. I wonder if anybody's got the new HD to Shiba DVD player. I would look for it. I can't find one yet. I got a better file when I'm on. I could buy one. But what's the point of buying it when there's no, there's no material out there for it. You are correct. That is a weight poured all to get sorted out. The prices come down. And then we still got this thing between it. Just like the HAC, the VHAs, the same thing again. Vator VHS. And then we got the Shiba 1. Then we got the Sony 1. It's going to be a totally different technology. And the DISTURN, not going to be compatible. And but it would be better to the same thing. They do again. The gig's screw on this over, man. Oh, whatever happened to the great days of the HAC. Oh, yeah. The Senate has recently. He's still doing the HAC. He's even hoping and French. This bastard. This lunatic. Because it translates and the whole day in France, conference in French, Harper. Oh, my God. I wonder what Bush is thinking. Dum, Dum, Dum, Dum, Dum. And probably think of Dum, Frog. And Harper is probably thinking of Dum, Baxter. And of course, they both got a good point. Anyway, the digital player will have a wireless internet connection. And it will use you to download music without being linked to a computer. A feature that the iPod does not offer according to people briefed on red been washed and based Microsoft plans. Microsoft was the largest and most hated software maker. It's taken to take a share from Apple's iPod, which commands 77% of the 4 billion dollar US market for digital music players. Apple's iTunes music story is used for 72% of music downloads. Microsoft has spent the, by the way, where's my next disc? Oh, music this? Now I've only got 3400 songs in it. I've probably run for like 4,000 more. Let me start the components of the for you. Well, you have like, you used all the stuff that was back there on the wall. I got it all. Everything. I went down the list and you know, shouted out everything that was there and you told me what you wanted and you've got all of that. I feel like that Luis Miguel stuff, man. I know. I'm glad I didn't throw that out. Why would you have thrown it out? Oh, because why would you throw out Luis Miguel? Well, I know why because he's because he's half Mexican. Okay. Let's say that. Well, he's also half Italian. You got something against the guinea's now. Is that it? No, just ten. Why is it? What are you? You're just fussing. Oh, you are a bastard. How could anybody not like, you know, except the course for wasn't him. Maria, Maria Maria, because he got tired of her and her one large breast. She'd take him back. None of Microsoft's partners are doing the job that needs to be done. Said Michael Garton, Bergen, Analyst with Jupiter Research in here. Apple has set it up. So Apple means it closed only to Apple devices. It likes Microsoft. That gives Apple more of a whole. Well, it's hold this Steve Jobs. Hold this. Have a name. Is that anyway, Stephen Jobs? I don't know. Five, six, seven, five. I got a really good article. I don't know whether I should attempt to. I got time by Tony Norman of the Pittsburgh Post because that more laptops and watch dogs. See, I got just enough time to read one more AP or wire copy story. And then we got that pregame music. Oh, yeah. It's not like a city in a woman's bottle of dust. Yeah, it's like a, it does have a similar. Like a rip off. Sounds like an amman, colder job to me. Tony Norman writes, and he starts with a quote from IF Stone who said, Every government is run by liars and nothing they say should be believed. And I would say to him, that's so little incorrect. As hypothetical questions go, IF Stone Viagra for my R. McPherson was asked to know Brainer at the National Society of Newspaper Commerce Convention in voice and over last weekend. If isn't where live today would be supremely skeptical and investigated reported who wars are kind of class them like a new surrounded zone neck. Have exposed the Bush administration's monitoring of international banking transactions. Mismic First and A former Washington Post report on orthodegupt coming all governments lie the life and times of rebel journalist IF Stone didn't equivocate for a second. Yes, you said with firmness that defy the conventional wisdom of politicians like juryating in the dark waters of these sensurious times. Oh, I love that sensurious times. What the one is that paper come up? I guess every day. Two days earlier the do nothing House representatives passed a non-viding sense of the Congress resolution designed to browbeat the median to resuming the supine position that perfected in the run up to the Iraq war. House majority leader John Bainer of Ohio engaged in another exercise and empty symbolism for newspapers the New York Times specifically and others who followed their lead where the scrooze the existence of the program I think jeopardizes the safety of the American people Mr. Bainer said. Not to be outdone represented Barney Fag, Barney Frank of Massachusetts, offered up a milder version of a bad media resolution which like all democratic initiatives these days collapsed under the way of its own whimpeness. While most Democrats remain outspoken in their opposition to any resolution with the state intention of intimidating the media, it can help the sense that they're a party on the verge of being roled again. When comedy central Stephen Colbert cracked wise at the White House correspondent Stinner, their reporters should continue taking the administration's dictation regarding the war and in big net Washington press court took on the number of the bill and the system of the former court. But as usual it took a saddest far removed from DC's daily banalities to win into it to truth. It is ironic away Mr. Colbert articulated what would become the openly stated policy of the Republican controlled Congress a few months later. Identify as treasonists any news outlet that dares to tell the American people to truth about how the war on terror has gone terribly awry. If this time was a victim to flag symbolism and game marriage ban, but alerted to actual work had its way, we would know about the rendition of suspected terrorists that so-called black sites in Europe weren't list domestic wiretapping or prisoner abuse at Abugar Red and Contanamo Bay. The furious calls for investigating news organizations and prosecuting reporters are fueled by transparently false outrage that exploits the soft and amorphous patriotism of ordinary citizens. After years of being encouraged to view the news media is just another arm of the vast corporate entertainment complex that rules our lives, it's difficult to think of the fourth estate as having a profound role to play and a properly functioning democracy. With the effect of the times in the handful of other papers, much of the media is silly and irrelevant. Politics and sense this have decided to take advantage of it. Loggers and documentaries will eventually fill the vacuum of newspapers abandoned their historical role out of fear. A generation ago, Izzy Stomach's post president Lyndon Johnson is a liar, focused reading the Gulf of Taken resolution that gave the US a pretext for spending to Vietnam war. While the rest of the Washington Press Corps happily laughed up the Jensen administration's lies, Izzy worked tirelessly to acquire the documents that vindicated stories that seemed shocking at the time. As journalists, we have responsibility to rail against the erosion of press freedoms. Izzy once said, you may think I'm just think I'm a red, you son of a bitch, but I'm keeping Thomas Jefferson alive. Amen to that. Just wanted to be crying to that. A bit? 23-year-old. Twenty-three-year-old. Has known at five-six-to-year-old equity queue and picked yourself cruising the waters of this game bay at sunset. The Miami skyline off the bow. I may be behind you, but you don't know the boat. That may be the best news of all who wants all the grief and headaches and expense. Call of North America right now and rent you a boat. 1-800-Bolt-Rent. The new club not a Kwan-Sauv beach and Kibiskean have top-of-the-line sea ray boats ready to rent. Exil rating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you. And there's sea rays and Mercedes of boats too. Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and club not a cool look at you hooked up. Do you want to club a club not a cool and safe even more? Bolt-Rent will after boat rental. Do all the work for you. No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance, no cleaning up when you're done. No hassles whatsoever. Considering the cost of boat owners should be cared for not to choose the smart way to go. The new club not a cool and safe beach and Kibiskean. Call him at 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now. Club not a cool look at you. Set the standard on the seas. 1-800-Bolt-Rent. This is New Rogers.