I am as a dog and you go again on all the losing season that's never gonna enter They never will, and they never will, and I will never know why sports are a straighted victim to win the super bowl there. I am as a dog and I am as a dog and I am as a dog and some but I'm in a team's and the way. But if you buy any dog from me, I am as a dog and I am as a dog from me. I am as a dog from me, the same old story nothing to do. But dogs are such losers, they really aren't quite lame. I do it from the fairies guard, I watch the Fitzgerald game and did you see the winery way? It's safe and fruit that's black. Standing on the sidelines, he looked just like a bag and there, and fair I am as a dog from me. I am as a dog from me, the same old story nothing to do. I am as a dog from me. I am as a dog from me. They are from the sick death, I am like blue. That's a good one. But dogs are such a footballer and then you can't achieve it. It's only five year luck that they pulled out of the story and then they played the Texans and almost made me sick. That's stupid, two point ass play, that humbling on sight kicked and there and he's all ferns. My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, some bird-hulling jeans and the ready-to-smart, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, full window barring me so soon, I'm dying of am. But dolphins can't control the ball there running games flat, as for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that. They're always gone up low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, high, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, early, low, low, low, lower, low, low, low, low, low, low, high, low, low, low, high, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, high, low, low, low, You know what they're around my always now mixed havens model for the rest of the season? Hmm? Stay the course. Oh! Anyway, it's 10-04-05-16-WQ. I'm gonna put that crap. Okay, I mean, what's the point? They gotta buy this week? They will not lose this weekend. Let's hear it. So, fish, they will not lose. Too bad about those tigers last night for one, they show up. Anybody interested in the world's serious? No! Here's the poll from yesterday, which places gravity when put ball per ran a speaker in a sports? And you know that new morning, show we got the Kenny and Bob learning show? Yeah, what about it? A first part, show. Anyway, getting back, which places gravity when put ball per ran 1539 votes of no interest to me 494 of no interest to me? 32 percent, almost a third. It's at a disgrace to 1124, Chris, we already knew that going in. A dynasty 185, talked about living in the past. A joke 145, thugs 139, thugs did very well. I hate this poll 94, it's exciting 86 and boring U.M. football 72. There you go. George has no interest, he couldn't hear you. He just wouldn't have voted. He wishes they would just all stop playing with these balls as well. He wishes all just put the crap. There's a stop already. Okay, here's today's poll. Thanks to a listener who, thanks to him. What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world? We got 974 votes already in our goals of 1000. I think we can do it. Don't you? Oh yeah. Americans do a better than anybody else. Spend money on crap. 277. Stay stupid, 167. Stay out of the loops. Stay uninformed. Stay as stupid as you possibly can be. That's the American F and Way man. 167. Deny reality 141. Make war 93. Until 1676. Pollute 55 waste time 46. Movies 39. Screw with 31. I can't say the F word. Okay, I. Screw with 31. I'm sorry. Make love 31. Excuse me. Party. Get intoxicated 18. Medicine 13. Lie 13 and drive badly 8 out of 980. I would think drive badly, especially in soft Florida with the better than that. Although I will say this in Italy, they drive worse. Yeah, and Rome. Oh my. What do you mean? Yeah. You. You. You say it. Everyone. The word. It's been there. The word. The worst in Massachusetts. Team quantum banning. Anyway, I can't give it out of my mind. Just shut up already. Okay, hit the machine and shut up. Man. Some of these people. A ledge victim of priest who fobbles fully. Suze Miami Archdiocese. You see this. There's another one. I'm sure that where there's another one is another one. There's a bunch more. They better pass the plate. I have a bunch of bananas. I can't feel like priest would manage modeling for more congressmen Mark fully four decades ago and who said he liked it. Has another alleged victim of former altar boy who will sue the Archdiocese of Miami today, so maybe he didn't like it. Maybe he didn't enjoy it. The accused writing a file is John Dough number 26 in his lawsuit claims the Reverend Anthony Marcia. Now they keep pronouncing this guy's name all different kinds of ways. To me, it looks like Mar. Merchierca. But they don't. Nobody says that. Okay. So also claims that the Reverend allegedly performed oral sex on him in late 1970s as Saint James Church in North Miami. At the time the accused of city was between the ages of 12 and 13, two young pops, two young and the board goes back. Now 40 he alleges the sexiest in the current room at the parish. On a Saturday after the autumn boy practice and a bike ride with Merchierca, a quote was later Jeffrey Herman. The priest told him not to talk about it with anyone said Herman who's holding a press conference at 11 30 this morning in his law office in Ebon Chura. But Merchierca asked him on another case to go for another bike ride to boy said no and never came back to the church. Merchierca, not living on a Mediterranean island, isn't it Malta? Yes. We've put him the spotlight of scandal over here when fully disclosed his name to Palm Beach County prosecutors as the priest from the list of him in the mid-1960s when he was in Alta Boy at Sacred Heart Church in Lake Worth and he enjoyed it. He liked it. He wanted it. In fact, isn't that what did he do? Did he have it on tape? Mm-hmm. He said, I wanted it. No. Yeah. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. And interviews with the Hental News Organization's last week from his home on Gotso, Miracic Elite, Goatso, careful I say that. Merchierca, 60 night admitted touching fully and swimming nude with him was a priest at Sacred Heart. She mclath a banana. That's how many bananas he's touched. Merchierca served there between 1966 and 67, when fully was then 12 and 13. I guess that's his age. You know, everybody's got an age. His is 12 and 13. And in October 19 broadcast interview with CBS's Katie Kirk. Merchierca, the 90 was actually involved with any other minor. No, never he was found a one-asked by lightweight Katie. Totally did this and this one did that and not to be pitiful. Church officials said they were not aware of any previous sexual abuse complaints brought against the pops. Probably 13. A little bit young, Papa. Okay. Merchierca changing your route and do the about that. Yeah. Speaking of that, maybe this is a good excuse for the father. And of course this story is like it's like saying, you know, the sun is shining somewhere today. It's kind of silly. Keynesie Institute for Research in 6th gender and reproduction at Indiana University say most men are always thinking of sex, right? I mean, is this profound? That's not a big idea. Yeah. A study released yesterday in the journal Percevings of an actual Academy of Scientist on the 50 per 4% of men and 19% of women admit they think about sex every day or several times a day and a society where their bombarded with subconscious erotic images. That hasn't got a damn thing to do with it. No. This has the University of Minnesota found sexy as a little images competed for attention in the brain, even when images were not referred before a subject's eyes, and most people are not consciously aware of them, maybe seeing news reports. Well, what does that mean? Well, what does that mean? Sex-dee subliminal images competed for attention in the brain. Researchers also found sexual orientation often determines how the brain reacts to erotic images. For a sexual woman, for example, were more tuned into pictures of naked men, the same reaction exhibited by homosexual men, but homosexual women were equally attuned in naked images of both sexes, the reports said. Les beans, why not make you feel a better about life? No, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Point in life for a picture just to don't cut it no more, you know what I'm saying? Well, that's worth a thousand words, Thousand box. Which isn't a thing that I haven't seen some pictures that would, you know, think, to myself a work and that to prove it. First to be found, you know? Like where is that one hanging that out? But nevertheless, let's not start getting too graphery out of that. Tomorrow brazes. There's a whole lot of subliminal images in your brain. And you'll start thinking about sex-ig gene, which we don't want you to be doing that. But what you'll be thinking about, more pleasant things like those guy-cost spots. Yeah, I got the check. Got the card, dude. This is from a day to six by the third. You care, life. Got to go. Real service. Real saving. This is from a day to six. I like that little magic. Uh, her employer, that magic. Thousand 12 votes on the pool. It's only 12 and a half to ten. How do you like that, huh? Is that impressive or what? It's by the night W. M. E. N. Now up the dial, up the street, up the road. How do they get that to you? Now you are right. It's current's as follows. And Greg Reed. That's what George said before to show you. We said Greg is running around a hall dressed like a slab. And Clarence is the one who's oh, it's got to be a scored show. It's got to be as much as what George said. You know, Josh said that. I said it. What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world? They got a thousand and twenty one votes now. This screw, thirty three. I mean, you know, see one thing I learned, maybe living here. Now I guess it's traveling around the world. I think living here's got something to do with it. Because it's a polyglot. You've received polyglot. No, what's it look like? Pretty picture. And that is, if you want to think about the different kinds of people like from India and Japan and different parts of the world, just stop to think about certain common denominators. Okay. In fact, you know what it's gross, but the easiest one when people sit on the throne and it's all the same. You know what I'm saying? And it depends on what they've eaten. Well, I'm not talking about the composition of it. Okay, or what it smells like or what it love. Yeah. Like I said, forget about it. The biggest name. The best name. The best name. The best name. And everyone's really pretty. I think it's okay. Okay. And. For you, brunch back and. Very feel depressed. Are you sick of the Miami Dolphins? Do not something a little exciting for a change. Oh, no. Oh, no. Hey, you, Josh, now watching the Miami public change. That's it. Joe, it's a football game. A Boston man. And a guy. All wrapped up in water. Even now, it doesn't matter what the cost. I asked him to talk about. You come to tell him, you should get your financial. You don't come in the poor oldy plane and stuff. You're called the national. You're called the skin. You get called out, play fucking more. I think you should talk about it. I was not going to tell you. Joe, so if you want real entertainment, check out the Miami hurricane. He said, right, baby. Uh-huh. Yeah, taking to the house, man. It's the 10 18. I think a lot of the hurricanes ought to be taken to the big house. Anyway, speaking of going to the big house, Danny Rowing tonight's going to get off. Oh, right. Yeah, huh? I said, all right. I must be Supreme Court decides to intervene. I don't think that's going to happen. I see. I think the phone is going to bring there. The line second is going to be Fedas Governor Bursing. I understand a good idea. No. The only sad part about this is that they don't, I think they have a crank up old sparky again, up there in stark. Sparky and starkey. Wouldn't it be good? Oh, yeah. And then maybe they can have one of them messy executions. You know, we're just really go real well the first four or five times. That's a higher. Yeah, that's right. Oh, geez. You might call him kind of flaming. But nevertheless, we have the Bush press conference at 1030. We're going to carry some of that. No way. Not on this show. Not on this. Estacion. Danny Rowing is facing lethal injection for the gruesome serial murders of five color students in Gainesville, 1990. When that town was like in a panic. Remember that? They were all like a peanut and their pants up there. More so than usual. The students' bodies, some mutilated, posed and sexually assaulted, were found over three day period August and September 1990. Seems like we'll be yesterday, doesn't it? Not really. And then somehow we always say stupid cliches like that. Seems like it was only yesterday. No, not really. Just like what we first came to QA and we treated the first show on a downstairs. Remember that weekend before we actually went on a year? Yeah, it seems like a hundred years ago. Seems like a thousand years ago and it seems like we worked our answers off. That was work then. Now this is more like play, you know? Play would look like pay. Rolling P. to go to the shortly before his travels to begin. His remaining appeal before the West Supreme Court contends that the chemicals used in Florida's execution process can cause severe pain and cause somebody yell out, I'm dying out of the hands. His argument will have to convince the societerces, parents, token, Thomas, that the process is cool and unusual and thereby violates the 8th Amendment to the West Constitution we see with state of execution of the court. The argument has been turned down into other Florida execution cases. His execution schedule for 6 PM tonight. And I see that one of the Orlando radio statements is having a good two-hour school or special between 4 and 6 to 7 PM. A pre-execution special from what are they going to be doing playing death music? Probably, digging his death march. Pull response Americans waste, science, throw away perfectly edible food better than anyone in the world. It discuss me to see what gets thrown away and rest around, stored order what you can't eat. It'll be a gluten for punishment, okay? I'm a mind-drawn business. Yeah, yeah, you mama. I'm getting choked up about that execution. Oh, are you? No. It's a little bit of that bacon. A little chunk of that bacon is probably caught in my throat or a little something. I saw Spider-Man 2 last night. I got a little choked up there at the end. It was, you know, I let out a really great gulfal, great laugh when he's saving her for the 8 million time, every day in there, to always get in trouble. And this is in the climactic scene of the movie and he's like holding that whole big section of the building that's like falling in. And she's like laying down there really, like going horrible. I'm like, hi. I don't know. What a nerd. You know, right in me, some of our colors, Israelis when we took pictures, awful phone called hi. And it's, you know, it's him. This is really heavy. I think like you have a right. Yeah, right. It's really heavy. Yeah. Good movie to enjoy. Both of them, so grateful that George and me, Spider-Man, Spider-Man, I can't just have to sing that stupid thing stuff. I never, I never read it. No, well, you don't have to. It's just not one of my cartoon. I did like plastic, man. Like a toad. Crazy. Yeah. I tried really hard to get into the big tracing. I've never been ready to do as a kid. I used to like cut out. They had those crime stoppers things. Okay. That sounds kind of like, yeah. Yeah. Like what the gruff the crime dog? I don't remember. The ad that they had crime stoppers and I used to like cut the things out and paste them like in an album to bed you don't still have that. Like you worked something. Oh yeah. I don't have too bad my mother threw out all my baseball. Oh, oh, boy. Those things would be worth a fortune today. Nice going. Go to show you when you throw out your kids baseball cards. You wind up dying over there. God punishes you badly. Might take a little while and her case much too long. But nevertheless, that was in 68 votes on the poll already. Holy cow, Ratman. We are kicking big smelly ass. Is that amazing or what? To me. So Spiderman 2 was better than the first one. I'll say the last, the last third of the movie. And I also must say that I, I don't know what I was thinking about. What, what was it? Where did I see him? And I don't know why I'm asking you. But it's got a year influence because you're the movie maven. Where did I discover James Franco that I never heard of him or seen him before. And I got all emotional and whipped up and put that wallpaper on my, there was a gap that we're showing previews for the movie flyboys on TV. And you saw him and we're, really? And you said, who is that guy? And you looked him up and blah, blah, blah, blah. Oh yeah, that's the guy. Let me just look at that. Look, it's good and first time is old, but he's Spider-Man movies. I will say between the first two movies, Spider-Man, he must have eaten two Rubin sandwiches. Right. And maybe a little kishki too. He is Jewish, by the way, James Franco, we've never known where they were. They are, it's kind of like a name like that. I wonder if he says, Tim Kwantovan, I don't know why that's Christian I'm mind so much. He's in, you know, why does it, it's so typical life is in South Florida. Why people get offended by, by people who speak in an language that they don't understand. I can speak a little Italian. I know it a little bit. I'm just in some of what the crap they were spilling. But it's just annoying, you know. First of all, when people have feel that they have to be the loudest ones in the place that always bothers me anyway. And I will say this, that Italians for whatever the reason is they do have this compost of being very loud, you know what I'm saying? Right? No. Yeah, they really do. I know what that's all about. She's quite the banana. That's my comment to you. Okay, get out of here. Go find a good machine far away from me. A judge in a case closely watched by those who opposed circumstances inside of the yesterday, will they, look at that, this is chopped off. Oh, no pun intended, right? Oh, sir, sir, this is cut off. It's sliced. Don't cut it. Well, I'm going to have to redo this story. In the way I have to do it from, I was in a gentleman's on our website, Josh. If you sent it, it is. Oh, it's about circumstances you would have seen it. Don't give me that crap. Okay, if it's got anything to do with any kind of sexual body part or anything like that, you've seen it. I just pre-heased around. Yeah, breeze the idea. Well, for that's the case, I have to send you a whole lot more today. Even though it is wood by and wind's day. Was this on today or yesterday? It's supposed to play that. Don't cut. How you already did. Oh, my God. What's the date on this October 24? Can you find it on our website? We're looking at judge rules, because that's the only way I can do some of these stories is to print them out off of a one-jage kit to monitor the nice and clean and pristine, you know, and it's not chopped off or sliced or circumspect. I don't think it's on there. This is referred by and sex always on men's minds. Fisch, still not a healthy choice. We'll get to that. Lordeard with Mercury, baby. Don't beat them fish. Stay away from fish. That's a policy I follow. Might have something. They weren't in a city of the story. Did I? Obviously not. Well, I have to go back during the break from WCBSTV. Oh, my God. Well, it's an important thing. The judge said circumsitions is extraordinary medical procedure for a nine year old and something like that. The whole right-hand column is chopped off in this. And I know you're going to say, well, if you would do it like every ordinary normal person does, but you know what to bet. I'm not normal and I don't want to be such a thing. No, I'm never going to do that. When he died, I like to print it out. And the good news is I got my long extension cord here, my long telephone jack extension cord, so I don't have to worry about touching back and forth with that real primitive printer that you talk me and going out and buying. Not sure that would have been a mistake. And then that thing said ribbon, ribbon is finito. I have a ribbon ceremony for that. Yeah, that was about ribbon, a ribbon printer. What kind of a big shot? And I mean, I maintain the studio, baby. I don't need anybody coming in here, paulking around with it. I maintain it and I guarantee you right now, I bet you don't see your donuts. Even the ones with the sprinkles on them, that this studio is in a lot better condition and better maintain than that piece of crap yours in and right now. Oh, the window cuts off the window. I don't want to. You don't have people routinely going in there and paulking with everything. Correct. 20, 7 after 10, let's look at that award-winning schedule. They we got Curtis between two and four. No mad dog today. And then we got four to five. It says the power hour with Hank. I mean, you know, I would get Curtis right now, just slap him silly. Okay. To slap him till his pants fall off. No, the power hour, Hank's on four to seven. Four to six, 30. Because we got pants, a preview of six, 30. The pants are in a range of seven or clock tonight with a pregame of six, 30 and any cap to the hockey game. The panties are going to have some real goal-tending problems all season long. It's all season long. That's obvious. I'm sure even Georgia's were that. What? They're going to miss Bobby Longo. Good Italian. I wonder if he's ever eaten Chinkwant to banana at one sitting. I doubt it. One thing I do know is that Lou Beckero Chibi is where I buy my cars man. I've had I was thinking this morning. I was in the show and I've been trying to think about how many years have been driving Corvets. I think my first that I got in 86. Well, 87, almost 20 years ago. That's why I've been buying cars at Lou Beckero for about 20 years. Now, you can't beat their service. They're friendly sales people who know their crap and of course their service are unmatched. And if price is the best anywhere in town. And right now, Lou Beckero is doing something they've never tried to do before. They want to sell a thousand cars in one month for the first time in their history. So they have what they're calling race to a thousand. By the way, we got a thousand in some votes already in our poll. We got them beat. We got a thousand in the 82. Aren't you proud? I am. Lou Beckero's got the biggest selection of new when you use cars including a hot new Corvets, which will give you a sexual excitement. Believe me, trucks SUVs, minivan, anywhere going. They've also got used cars that are just 3995 bucks. Everyone is backed by a car fax guarantee. No lemons there. If you want lemons, go to the fruit stand. Lou Beckero's got to sell a thousand cars this month in this thing open until midnight. Every night to get to that number. Forget about price. Make them an offer. They'll beat any deal. More money for your trade. Zero percent financing. We've made them up to six grand. Whatever it takes, let me give you an offer you can't refuse. Only Lou Beckero cheerfully with two little keys in for you. In Pompon O'Bee to quarter mile West Divine 95, just look for that huge American flag right in your Pompon O'Park. And a coconut creek on 440 won't just out those sawgrass expressway. Don't forget Lou Beckero stays open till midnight. Every night this month, so get your ass over to Lou Beckero for non-beatable deal. Get a deal on a showy that you won't even believe it'll be so good. Or check them on the book at Lou Beckero.com. That's bac8 RODT, Lou Beckero.com. The biggest name of the best talent for the business wheel rotors for Sridio 560. You've got that home-made walk, boldly was straight-y-ay. What a surprise I had. You've got the only republic in boldly like that. You've got that home-made walk, boldly was straight-y-ay. What a surprise I had. You've got the only republic in boldly like that. In taboo fights drives me gay. The more party swings bothly, gay. That's the sound of the min in chequant early-same. Gave a speech, that's the sound of the min. Chequant early-same. Chey-same. You've got that home-made walk, boldly was straight-y-ay. I just came to a major conclusion about myself, you know what I'm stupid. There's your president speaking of stupid. Would go to a fight and try to pay. He never said state of course by the way, never said that. He said cut and run. Okay. I'll speak of that. The reason I'm stupid is that I'm not stupid, I'm stubborn. And when your stubborn, that makes you stupid. So I sit in plain to say my sheen for hours that he's dead as a door nail. And thinking that maybe by some miracles eventually going to pay. That's called being stubborn and stupid. Because Mizzila Firefox is like, explore a z-vil, you're right. You're an expert at the anti-Christ. Only AOL is more evil. Really? I didn't even print this out landscape style. I printed it out like a regular old kicking it all style. And it's just fine. There's no nothing chopped off at all. I used that explorer to download Firefox and then I destroy it. Then I take it off my desktop. Load up. Killer, killer, killer, killer, killer, killer, killer, killer, killer, killer. Anyway, judging the case closely, once by those who opposed circumcision, side to the yesterday with a divorce man who did not want his nine-year-old son to want to go to procedure. Don't you think that nine's a little bit too old if he had a circumcision? Whatever. Circuit judge. Oh, you sure change in your tune. I have it. I don't care anymore. Oh, cross it. Circuit judge Jordan Kaplan said that circumcision is an extraordinary medical procedure for a nine-year-old, and that the boy can decide from self-honey turns 18. All one is 18, you're gonna want to have that. Oh, man. The boys finally sued the block the operation and the dispute with his ex-wife. A couple's 2003 divorce decree gave the father the right to be consulted before the boy underwent any extraordinary non-emergency procedure. The father said he believed surgical removal of the boy's foreskin could cause long-term, physical, and psychological harm. The child's mother won the procedure to correct recurring infections. He testified that the boy suffered five-bout of painful inflammation and he begged her to help him. New boards and several mainstream religions are routinely circumcised as part of their faith or religious beliefs didn't figure in the ruling. The AP is now identifying the person to protect the boy's privacy, to protect his private's. Alan Tobak, the father of attorney said the men's extremely happy with the judges decision. Most US newborn babies are still circumcised, but you didn't know that. I don't know that. I did. I thought they stopped doing that. No. The insurance stop paying for a lot of cases of it. That's all it had. The rest of the world other than like the Jews and the Arabs are largely uncut. Correct. Disgarbed that through my own personal explorations. I read a story. But a growing number of parents are opting against the surgery. The percentage of male babies circumcised is fallen from an estimated 90% and 1970 to about only 60% today. Unclean. In the 1990-9 policy statement that was reaffirmed as uni-merclaimed Academy of Pediatrics said, there are potential medical benefits to circumcision including a reduction in risk of urinary track infections. But the Academy said there is not enough evidence to recommend routine circumcision of newborns. In other words, but I'll be fed about whatever case to Rossoirai. Like that. God. We have changed our forestructure. See there it goes again with a foreskin. See that? Rock and roll legend Elvis Presley has seen it as crown. Guess who is the top earning dead celebrity now. It's not no longer Elvis. Perk Kobe. Oh, you already saw that. It was on the crawler there. He's crawling? No more. Or dead guy, huh? The list published yesterday said Grunge Rock or Cobain are in $15 million between October 2005 and October 2006. Presley mod up in the number two start with 42 million down from last year's 45 million. The King is sliding man. The King is slipping. How do they get that show over there, though? I just can't believe it. No, it just bothers me. What does the crap bottom mean, huh? Just like I keep wondering, Mom was I so lucky I'm obsessed with James Franco. What's the big similar to them? People say I've puffed in over here. But they're very good movies though. Spiders spy at their man. I can't stop seeing that. That's because of that guy on the street. The street. Yeah, whatever. Forbes.com bases its dollar amounts and licensing deals for using the C-Slamies Workout or Image and Edvinizing a elsewhere. I've said you want to think Tubi McWire should be inspiration to everybody. You know what? Oh yeah, you can be really mediocre. And when you've got his little personality in town, that's he's gone. I mean, he's good in that. Don't get me wrong. He was fine. And I don't want it. That was the whole idea. They tried to find somebody who had a personality like a dead man. And that was him. Now I've got to send you cider house rules. Why is that? Because he's an innocent good movie and it's also not. I don't have like no obsession with Tubi McWire. No, no, because there's movies. Good in Spider-Man. I don't care. Yeah, he's alright. It's good movie. He's always in a rather confusing crazy. Which I think he don't have that much either. Cobains, cool as Duda was little actress and singer Courtney Love, who sold a 25% stake in the C-Slamies. And he was music publishing company Prime Wave. Right after Presley, his peanuts cartoons to create a Charles Shulz at 35. Minion dollars. All the dead people are making a big bucks. All you sloppers out there are like, you know, can't find two nickels to rub together. And all the dead people are breaking into big bucks. Running out the top five or beat El John Lennon at 24 million. And groundbreaking physicist Albert Einstein at 20 million bucks, who's a state prophet from such licensing deals as the popular Baby Einstein educational videos. Those are good videos. Other celebrities on listed include feed or gazelle, but are known as children's book author, Dr. Suce. Ridleyman Blues, Pioneer Ray Charles, Silver Screen Legend, Merlin Monroe, and Reggie superstar Bob Marleyman. Pastopters include Songwriter Irving, Berlin, actor Marlon Brando. Mmm. That's what that always does. That was our Marley. Oh, what? It's Marley. That's what you bring us on. Yeah. Or some other body parts. So there is bigger than the Brango and Song. Community is also Songwriter. They have to do. Just go away already. Okay, that would be the best thing you could do for everybody. Just go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away. W. That's it. Before you get in peace, before the big democratic sweep two weeks from yesterday, and they wound up in teaching and spite of what that bitch Nancy Pelosi says. Just get out of there while you swallow getting still good. Good lost. 113 posts on the poll. We may actually get to 15 today. Yesterday we got to 1,400 right at the tour clock mark. Do you think we'll do 15? Sure. There will be places like you can hungry. I would be really pleased to get to 15. I mean, what is it proved? Does it mean anything? It means we got at least at any people listening. We got a whole bunch of people who are voter table. Maybe vote twice today. We'll do like 50,000. Just a piss off Joel Finder. By the way, nice team over there, Joel. Would that Jimmy Siffelis? Jimmy Siffelis and a 1 and 6 dolphins. Water be 0 and 7. And who will not win this week because they don't play. And we definitely won't win the weekend for that in Chicago. That could be one of the ugliest. Remember that playoff game? How many years ago was that? I was in Vegas when we were playing Jacksonville in the playoffs. Remember Josh? All lost. What was it? So I figured out something like that. Was that the score? 60s maybe? I want to see. 63 or 73 to Jacksonville. So when it's basically a little girl. Well, they were good that year. Who the Jaguarons? Yeah. And the dolphins weren't. Is that what you're trying to say? Pretty much. Although at least they weren't a playoff. Let's hear it for him. We've gotten wiped out 63 or 73 or 853 to nothing. But they weren't a playoff. You're going to make the playoffs this year? No. Next year? Five years from circus? By the way, I'm your calendar. Does it say when circus is? I can't read it from here. But Josh has checked it out. Yeah. This moment always says. What? Yeah. It's October. May I have already come and gone. Probably. Doesn't say? What is it? Some kind of a goish account. That's how it's an antico. 1042 or 560 WQM. Your circumcised station. We are cutting work clean. I would've been George. Do we have anybody in our station? There's not circumcised. I think I'm going to go ask around. Well, maybe what about Miguel? He is. He is. He is. What? Circumcised. You guys discussed that during one of the year. Well, I don't really care any well. I never really did. I don't think we have any other uncut, unclean people in the building. Just George. Oh, God. So if there's an aroma that puts you in a coma. Miguel says, yes, you did. I did. Ask. Mom, maybe it was interested. Yes. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In those days. In these days. In those days. In those days. In these days. In those days. Resconner is on a hello. Hey, Bruce. Yes sir. Is that jackass dick gene that loose with any more straight bullets? Yeah, a couple of days ago. And only far as one first seven. What the hell is wrong with that guy? You know, I don't know. I really don't know. I think he wants this to either fear him or they attention to him. And I just hope it's some time. He gets some sense. It's fallen no I. Hello. Isn't this bus? Do you exchange for murder emails with your underage in turn? Do I ask it or? How often? Every day of sex with it? No. Well, in a way you I guess you could say of sex. What even a do if the I checks your hard drive? Commissar side president George W. Bush always good. Thank you sir. Thank you. I'm confident we'll succeed in Iraq. And we're right. 1134 votes. Well, we certainly never said state of course. Do we? No. He never said that. What do Americans do better than anyone else in a more 1138 votes? Now our goal is 15 hundred a day. If we do 15 hundred, I'm going to take this pool result. We're going to wrap it up on a gigantic baseball bat and shove it up to a fine versus ass. That's an idea. Well, if you do the push. I'm going to push it. 1138 votes. Spend money on craft 322 and take off for that. It's good for the economy. Stay stupid. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'm going to take it up to a fine. I'll put that all I did. The party slides get intoxicated 20. Medicine 16 lies 16 and drive badly only 8. Solventiocho. I don't understand that. You get it? No, not often. You're going to find this to be a very interesting story. From antigo Wisconsin, I never heard of antigo. No. Well, here we are. Put them on the map. Three-year-old Robert Moore went fishing for a stuffed replica of SpongeBob and he ended up trapped in a vending machine. He did you see this? That's happened before. Let's do an old story. No. It's a brand new story. We have to old stories on this show. We'll recycle old craft. We give you a new craft. The problem is that when they set it up, even in shopping for his grandma, for a week at Birderman and three siblings. This was just this past Saturday. So wouldn't say this in an old story? Birderman ended the trip. I gave me each child a dollar and telling them to have fun and a retail as game room. A stuffed SpongeBob and a vending machine's BIM-CHA robber tie. He tried without success to fish it out with a plastic crane. I told him I could get a form of his grandma. He said, oh no, I can get it. When he turned it back to give another dollar for a second try, Robert took off his coat and squeezed to an opening in the machine. He landed on a stuffed animal cube. I turned around and looked for him and he said, oh my, I'm in here. Birderman said, I thought I would have a heart attack. Oh my. Does that what kids call grandma's oh my? No, we're up front. Wow, and his family. Storm boys couldn't find a key to the machines. Her Robert waited while the Antigo fire department was called. He was having a ball in there, hugging all the stuffed animals. Birderman said he was so good nature, but I was shaking like a leaf. Firefight is broken one lock. Events spotted two latches inside the plastic cube. Rimes with tube. They passed the screwdriver to Robert. He stacked up all the stuffed animals and used that screwdriver to open the latch grandma. They said, you should have seen him go. Now this is a three year old kid. Is that sound reasonable to you? I don't know. That's a few year old kid could do that. Eventually Robert freed himself at his mother Marie Moore and grandmother said that we're lucky that her main calm and another child might not have. He went home safe. But without a stuffed sponge Bob. Was that the least I think it had done for him was given to me. Stuff's fun Bob? Of course. Spunzy, square of Bob pants. Jesus God. Or at least a person. We're just from adjusting our tactics to achieve victory. Yeah, right. We're doing a hell of a job man. Heck of a job, Brownie Hound. Perfect. Or speaking of Brownie Hound's here's a Mark Foli story. You ought to see the look on that and there's a picture of him. You've got a grin like he just swallowed a can. Or swallowed something. Ha ha ha ha. Maybe it was a can. No. A state department emailed the troops and claimed by Ross Drey provided troops and forward a 16 district with instructions for how to vote whether we public and replacement for Congress in the Mark Foli. But omitted other candidates names. Underfloor to law votes, cash for fully will be counted toward Tony Grons total. Candidates have objected an hour in that though fully and the Grons names were used to combine total of nine times. No other candidates are mentioned in the email. Democratic nominee Tim Mahoney took it upon himself to send a similar mailing to absentee voters. My name is Tim Mahoney, the Democrat wrote voters and I'm running for Congress in your district. I'm writing you in an effort to ensure you have the most accurate information regarding the November 7th election. Mahoney's mainly including instructions for those wishing to vote for an aggrama hoanie or independent candidate Emmy Ross. I've got a copy of the email here. I didn't like that. There's again your Republican government in the House again trying to influence the outcome of election. The beat meant they did not adhere to the strict intolerant. You're always getting a ton about people being beaten. This is the case. Cavendies talking about. And quite if you ask me most of them deserve it. 1951 votes man, they're rolling along. Shouldn't say rolling though. Wouldn't that be good if we as CCR rolling? Probably. What do you mean? You got it? That would be something if you got proud Mary by CCR which I hate like poison. That's a people-dr thing. I'm the day that they would be just for obsessed with CCR. Yeah, there we go. They're rolling. Maybe six o'clock tonight. They're going to stuck on the needle Watson. They're going to stick it to him. They're going to pull him apart. Sell by a sell. This vibe bit. What do you throw this on? What are you throwing this on? We're working for the man. Well, you got a lot of things to do. What are you throwing this on? What are you putting it on? Well, you got to let the code of the party start to enroll and come on. What's wrong with you? That was the whole idea. What's that? Pardoners. I'm proud Mary. I did this. I can tell. Oh god. No. No, my. I can tell. You're not like a container. I'm not like an either one of them. And he's dead though. No. I like. No. I like. Why are you going to huge pile here man? I got a big fat ugly pile. I didn't see that debate last night because nothing and floored to see when you're out of touch out of the look. Did you guys watch it? Of course not. Yeah. How does he watch in Spider-Man 2 Spider-Man? Spider-Man? Spider-Man? And you're like sitting in home watching the Chris Davis debate. You're 100 in Jim Davis. You're fair. No, he didn't sit in. He should have. He should have. He just said, hey, how can we all tell everybody that you're here? You're funny right when you're closet case for the case. You're closet case. You won't? No. Don't don't don't don't. Yeah, they're going to write his ass in there too. By the way, he's doing the Giants Games on a radio. Giants, you know? No. Think so. You won? I don't think so. Well, there was a thing the other day about in one of the Toronto papers. I think in the sun. And the rest got about best sports casters and worst sports casters. And somebody said, how are David who used to do the study? I thought, well, which it wasn't Sunday that I was Monday night. So they were wrong right off the bat. And now is doing the Giants Games. I think they're confused with the fact they did the Giants Games before got tossed on a zass on that. Maybe he does. I don't know. He's got a New Yorkie kind of guy. When you say, okay, maybe you could Google it. New York Giants football broadcast. See, the voice of the Giants is. Wouldn't that be something that was your close personal friend? You're in the middle of the day in your resume. You could say, hey, I once knew the voice of the New York Giants. He'll put that on my resume. Now, I want back in the day to show you how old I am. You can be called the New York football Giants. You wonder why? Because there were baseball Giants? Yeah. See, even you know that. That's very good. I think George is qualified to do a morning show now. He's talking sports. It's right. Yeah, because there was the New York Giants, so who eventually became the San Francisco Giants. Josh had jumped in on that. Being the barb. Well, I mean, Googling low. Barney bonds. The poses. Giant broadcast. Yeah. Well, let's see what the audience hang on as a light to the break. Let's keep my hang on on the easier their seats. Wouldn't that be something? Yeah. I mean, not that I would have given crap. 10. 5. 5. 60 WQA. Let me tell you again about Lou Becker. What they're doing right now for the first time in their history. Lou Becker, whichever lays offering you a, a, a, a thema chance. And well, they're not offering you anything except fantastic deals. But they're trying to get to a thousand cars sold in one month. Never done it before. But they're going to do it. They got a week to go almost. They've got the biggest selection of new and use cars including the hot new core vets, which believe you me when I tell you from personal experience, there is nothing. When it comes to driving a car, there's nothing that compares to sitting behind a wheel. Of a fantastic bed. Trucks SUVs, minivan, the biggest selection anywhere on beatable prices. They've also got use cars starting to just 3995 bucks every one of them backed by a car fax guarantee by the way. And like I said, Lou Becker is out to sell a thousand cars this month. And so they're staying up until midnight, air tonight so they can get to that thousand number. Forget the price. Make them an offer. They'll be just about any deal I've ever heard of. More money for your trades. 0% financing rebate. So up to $6,000. Whatever it takes to get you a deal done. You have Lou Beckero, Chevrolet with two great locations for you. In popular beats, a quarter mile west of I-95 and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the Saga Rastix, Freshway. Don't forget, Lou Beckero, the stand open till midnight, every night this month. So get your answer with Lou Beckero and get the best deal in history on a great new Chevy or check them on the website at Lou Beckero.com. The biggest name. So the best talent. The biggest is wheel rots race. 4-0-5-60. You a M. This is the wheel rots race. This is the wheel rots race. This is the way. Any questions? And now I'm lost. From 3-4A, the offer gone on Dolphs on a soft sea and so on. Oh yeah. Come on for a break up. Oh, just get dirty. A rush you are a mevy you come, Abba-date. Every day, I'm not a cunt for me. We don't give you the baby, but we do give one to the speed. The line, looking to baby from Africa is going to be 24 years long. Much like the line, to get on that of 4-0 at 6-6. On the race you are a Jennifer, other than then you can use this everything that I threw in no and all the wrap for the opportunity. Come to Africa. With the weather is hot and dry. The babies don't hardly cry. Probably because we give them the cable rope, which she's quiet them. It's easy to be the baby in Africa. Unless you are an average symbol or movasa. What in your country, how do you say, equal date? What do you want easy given? The blah blah blah, the numbers, blood, so many. It's the problem. Call to Africa. Where some people question why we only give babies to them as people. And everyone else has to wait in touch their eyes for help. To reset this to you, it's a business. That's it you are a mecon tip. You would much rather have the business of me though than say, Ralph from Carny New Jersey, seen the serpent, called to Africa, taken, come to Africa, life's mass, come to Africa, see the baby, come to Africa, drummer of Ben Cuthin Crew, we give you the baby, no questions as, but if you not famous, the life of the babies starts to Portugal. And please look at the line, or we shoot you, and it says, be the message from the different days. We are frightened, but don't show up, so see you. So I grew real to myself, I don't see no moan or giant schemes. Okay, I think there was, you know, what are Canadians know about the NFL anyway, right? Nothing. Right. What are Canadians know about moan? And then I actually went to Wikipedia, which there was a brief thing on there. Yeah, I saw that too. And I went all over the place, then I found another thing on here, when I Googled, and it was a picture of moan with a full head of dark hair, must have in the dark piece. And I looked at that picture and I found some of myself, that is the most objectionable person I have ever met in my life. And anyway, see what did you start with, I cram? Where did that come from? No, no, no, no thing? Yeah, wasn't me. Was me. Florida's candidates for Governor got aggressive in their first head to head to bed last night, says the Harold pushing teams from their TV ads and knocking each other as feckless leaders, feckless. I like that word. A lackluster, left side of race picked up tempo Monday after a surprising pull showed a turning tenderloachary criss through fear lead over Democratic representative. Tim Davis was tightening. I see that's not who wrote this, Beth Ryan Harden, no, a beerman. You guys couldn't write for the weekly reader, okay? His lead isn't tightening, the race is tightening, okay? His lead is shrinking, it's just pathetic. Criss didn't act like a complacent threat runner. He repeatedly took Davis to task for missing votes in Congress, accusing him of wanting to raise taxes and call his insurance plan or risk-ease scheme. He also rebounded in attack that dominated the Democratic primary. Davis is 1990 voted against restitution for two wrongfully convicted black men. Criss bans to sharp attacks with a true outlook for Florida's future, marbling at the bombing weather and referring to popular politicians even Democrats, including former governor, Walkin' Lawton Childs. The heat cool. Davis ditched out just about as much as he got accused of attacking special interest tax giveaways. Referring to Florida's low graduation rates in high insurance costs, he warned voters that Criss wants to stay the course on such issues where we heard that term before. These making tough decisions. Yes, stay the course, my ass. And you'll like that. Davis also offered a catchy defensive as record in Congress. It's not just about showing up, it's about standing up. Charlie is attorney general's done nothing to stand up to the insurance company, CBC. Later he walked over to Criss lecture and headed him as insurance bill, which he said it got up by 40%. How do you like that? Criss, you're another curveball yesterday when he asked Davis if he would apologize for meeting with terrorist leaders, setting his trips to Cuba in the Middle East. Davis's campaign, if now said he met, would late palestin the earlier yesterday, but said he also met within his ready-leader aerial sharon. How's he doing, by the way, still fat and still all of a dead, close to it? That's he. Davis visited dissident leaders in Cuba in 2003. He favors easing restrictions on travel to Cuba, but is repeatedly supported to trade embargo. Once that's bad, the trade embargo is bad, bad idea. But of course it's politics, like everything else, that's why so many people are living like slippers there, because of the fact that we have to pander to a certain number of your people in the county. That's certain of fact, she's the constituents. That's why they like bush so much. Do you have you seen the ad? Where the guys talk into a bush? No. You haven't seen that ad? It's a great ad. No. And there's a bush like in the woods. I just showed a bush. And he's saying, you know, talking to this bush, and then he's show a picture of this one. And that one. And he talked to this bush, or video by as much time as time as that one. In other words, Grownish Telfin. It's a great ad. 1194, what do Americans do better than anyone else? And we're all Scott to 1200. We're going to get to 50 hundred a day. And then you're going to go right across the street and take copies of the poll and show them all of Joel's ass. Oh, God, on a red hot poker. This is the book, on the end of a red hot poker, and stick more than we don't shine. And bring them a little moon shine from too. I can probably use it. I got some. If you spent all that money for the rest of the dolphin broadcast, who don't want to hear the dolphins under radio anyhow, or see him on TV, they suck. They are pathetic. They're embarrassing. This is a team that can't put any points in the board. They finally scored 24 against the girl scene, and they give up 34. Every time I looked like they were getting their ass back into the game, all of a sudden some bonehead deal would come up. Until I met Josh, just like when you terrified that they might actually get back in the game, Joey would throw it in reception. Joey, not Joey Harrington who was such a bomb with alliance. Anyway, 1194, what do Americans do better than any one else in the world? Spend money on crap, 337. In fact, that's if you want to get rich, sell some crap. That's it. You'll get rich overnight. Americans love crap. Stay stupid 203. The 9 reality 181 make war 1, 12 kill 87. Pollute 74. Waste time 53. Movies 44. Screw their brains out 40. Party slash get intoxicated 21. Medicine 17. Lies 17. And drive badly. Oli 8. I'm glad that the party can get intoxicated isn't doing all I well. Why you're not. Well, shouldn't be. Because like an Amsterdam or like in Germany. Yeah. I started saying to start boozing up like 910 o'clock in the morning. They haven't like beer for breakfast. Oh man. So like I was talking to before about you are comparing the different people's in various parts of the world. Maybe I was wrong about that. Because if you start drinking beer 910 in the morning, you can just imagine what your inner is must be going through. The churning and oh, oh boy. Wow. Dave Lindorf says let's Martin January and impeachment called O'Action. All right. Halle Lue of Baby. He's author of killing time and investigation of the death. Rochase of mommy Abu Jamal. Who the hell was that? I don't know. Mamma Mia? You're a what? You're a what? You're a what? Mamma Mia. He says I'm going to go on on the limb here and predict that barring some incredible active criminal cynicism such as the bomb barman ever ran by the president. The Democrats are going to take over the House of Representatives. That being the case, I propose that it's time all those patriots and lovers of liberty, all those who oppose the administration's man imperial military policies, all those who recognize the so-called war on terror for what it is a war on America, all those who stomachs turned into a cell of the fatal drowning of New Orleans, all those who are outraged at a prison who claims to write to violate laws that will to ignore acts of Congress and the snobbrollings of the Supreme Court, all those who are sick of seeing their government function like a whorehouse for corporate John's, all those who are angry and having a government that tortures and kidnaps people, including children in our name, all those who know that there are dark secrets about nine eleven being buried by traders in the White House, all those who disparate seeing the Bill of Rights ripped out of the Constitution article by article, begin a mass campaign to make impeachment a president of Bush item one on the agenda of the next Congress. I propose that the anti-war and impeachment movements combine forces and organize a massive petition campaign to obtain five million signatures calling on the Congress to initiate impeachment hearings on President Bush's constitutional high crimes, misdemeanor's treason in bribery and let's just petition me over to the future speaker of the House, the U.S. representative Nancy Pelosi and the future chair of the House and issue, committee representative John Conner's of Michigan. The delivery of this document can be made on January 20, 2007. On the sixth anniversary of Bush's benedit first inauguration, if the grassroots campaign organizations that mobilize for election day, turned together and sent me to his office same voter list right after election day, it shouldn't be hard to get at least that many signatures. There are already a number of groups like veterans for pre-selecting signatures. These have been forward-native. I propose this petition and be carried by demonstrators in a reverse unannual operation in impeachment march that could assemble at the White House and proceed on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Capitol steps, retracing the impeachment march Bush tried to make before his honor to our started to face feckling and eggs. There are set of proposed articles and impeachment can be formally read out, perhaps by members of Congress, who would later be submitting them as formal impeachment bill to the House to lose your e-committees. We're going to need something like this because the Democratic leadership most notably Pelosi, but including the likes of the Democratic House campaign committee chair, representative Rom and manual. Many of those in House Democratic leadership counsel are publicly saying they will try to block any impeachment bills. Although it's clear for many national polls that more Americans today want this criminal prison and you're suffering impeached and never wanted either Clinton or Nixon impeached, these created and cowardly leaders seem to think that it will be punished by the Republicans that they attempted. This is nonsense. It's to be publicans who've been dismantling Congresses of functioning branch government who are out of touch and are now being rejected by the public. The public is not turning to Democrats because it wants them to be pleasant and collegial and Washington. People are turning to Democrats because they're sick and tired of the crooks. They're sharp of him. They make a Romanian accent. The crackpot's who've been running the country and the constitution of the ground and sending our kids into pointless endless wars. People want resolute action from them. They're not pussy footing. Pelosi is so out of it when it comes to a constituent. CDC seems not to realize that the very valid is listed as a candidate this November and are San Francisco congressional district includes a referendum on impeachment, which is like the past. Instead of voting Pelosi into making plug is not to impeach his mainstream reports have been doing so much it asks for another Democrats who are ducking the issue whether or not they believe the president's been violating the constitution underbinding freedoms on the separation of powers. If the answer is yes, then it should be asked why they don't feel obligated to take action in defensive liberty in the constitution. These weak needs, cissis are worse than simply political powers. Their valid is that their own oaths of office which commit them to upholding and defending the constitution, a document which even they have to admit is under grave attack by this president and his token spiriters. If Pelosi and company will not stand up and defend that document, the institution of Congress that Bush has so deepfiled with his signing statements, we the people was make them do it. The first ever courses to throw the Republican majority out in Congress, then we have to turn our political sites in our righteous rage on the Democrats who, through their decade of habitual powering have enabled and are not protecting this criminal regime from the aggressive investigation that it so richly deserves. It says impeachment in 2007, let's march. What do you say? You're going to march? Let's do it. A little pecking march. Don't play that again. Pecking march. Peggy march. I will follow him. Can you play that? Oh, horrible. awful. It's depressing too. How are we doing on that poll? We're going to make 50 hundred today? 11. 11. All my God. Good. Zidane. Spider-Man. Spine. Hey, the good movie's man. I can't wait for Spider-Man or the fun. But Harry's going to be the hell. That's the bad news. Right. No, the good news is that he's really ugly, so who cares? If he looked as good as I thought he did, it would be appropriate for the old, you know, how it would look and guide me to evil door. It's just his work out. It's just, no. It would be like Tom Welling being the bad guy and small of him. Why not? But remember when you read the script and I'd go in there for a while? Are you thinking on Tom Welling? I'm starting to get a swelling. It was way more interesting when he was a evil sputimentist, but I mean, oh, and speaking of birthdays. Yeah, I'm not going to check. I got a cut. It's a big spread of faith. It's like a third. You're tear, right? Got to go. Real service. Real say that. It's like a third man. It's not a mattress. It's just 30 a birthday. I'm a third man. And the celebrate down on my present. Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons video West pillow top. You can choose from South Florida's biggest selections of Simmons video rest would same date delivery. You've got to be crazy to go to those bidding in the apartments. There's haven't buy mattresses and valve mattress for a long time because they make it so easy for you and they give me the best prices too. What's not to like? So if you're finally ready for a good night's sleep for the next many, zillion years, just called down a mattress 1 800 mattress for factory direct prices in award-winning service. No nonsense. No BS. No sluff and all over Tom wasting time gas and cash. Dallum mattress gives you 12 month financing and with dialometrist. All you do is pick the date and time for delivery and they show up any time you want. Seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 in life. Even the same day that you call, pick it to our window like noon to 2 in there. That's why dialometrist continues to be ranked number one in the world of customers satisfaction. And why everybody at QM even those who are brainless used dialometrist. You don't have to be a genius to figure out this is the only way to go. On the web check them out at dialometrist.com or make that one easy call. 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTT RES leave off the last as because it stands for stupidest sensational savings. The biggest name. So let's tell us all this wheel rotors for 20560. Hey. Guys. I'm going to go. I hate you. My fellow Americans. This is your president George W. Bush. And I know that like many of you were upset with North Korea's nuclear proliferist with the North Korean nuclear proliferist. We are poised on the brink of serious doughdown here folks. And while making matters worse, the North Korean is called gangster lag. I'm here to tell you not who are not gangster. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. I'm a US. and if we get to 13 never buy a new niche by twoish we're all going to be Jewish. I think like that. Oi. I like 15. Oi. Or maybe we'll have like 50. Tincuanta banana. Controversial and prolific author political commentator in S.A.S. Gorvidal is assured that the military is growing revulsion at the Bush's junta's policies would ensure they would try to prevent any false flags, states, terror attack while slamming the end of the habeas corpus and immunociracinus, coup d'etat of America, I'm naturally syndicated radio broadcast. Speaking on the Alex Jones show you, and this is prison planet, I always say that, I always tell you that because some people think that they're like paranoid lunatics. Yeah. Yeah. One. Some people think that they're paranoid lunatics. Oh, but nevertheless, sometimes they're right and sometimes they're a little off the edge. Speaking on the Alex Jones show, but I'll be cried the end of the foundational bedrock of due pressures of law and expresses astonishment and the reason loss of habeas corpus with the passage of the so-called military commission's act. And most egregious has solved on the constitution since the Patriot Act of 2001. Wow, I didn't think I'd live as long or long enough to see that one go. That's magnet card of the spirit of running meat, no longer runs in our Republic said Vidal. But I'll stress that the framework of the USA Patriot Act was erected with Bill Clinton's omnibus crime bill, a massive expansion of offenses that would mandate the death penalty, passed in the immediate aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing. Vidal predicted within the next two years the bankruptcy of the US, citing vast unchecked payments to corporations like Halibut and Spirling and Flation. Lately, the Bush administration's legacy is a coup to ta, in which we lost to Republic, the literary giant Stein Bush's claim that he's a wartime president and thus has a blind check to run roughshadow over the constitution. You have to have a country to have a war and you cannot have a war unless to third-by-combrace which they will not do, he said. They've got a man for right now, which is totally incredible. If we don't fight them over there, we'll have to fight them over here. Well, how the hell are they going to get here and to what end? These are questions which you could shut these people up with if there was any, however, any media to attack, or if there was a Congress capable of oversight, he said, that I'll compare the mantra of the same scare attack he used by Hermann Gearing, to frightened the Germans in the submission under the pretext of an impending Soviet invasion. Vidal blamed the media for abandoning its duty as the fifth estate in Watchdog or Powerman Apollies. Our greatest difficulty at the moment is that our media is totally corrupted, starting with New York Times, the media belongs to our rulers, he said. In the old days, when something ghastly went wrong, you could count on journalists, writing something about it. There are no voices expressing disagreement, said Vidal. And related how we appeared on the CBS TV morning discussion show shortly after the Oklahoma City bombing to discuss the motivations of Timothy McVe, when mentioned of the wake-o massive requires the channel to abruptly cut his audio as a result of a military intelligence ordered deceased feed. The controversial figure also predicted the demise of the internet stating, in the final way of wrecking it, they can't have free speech in the US because free speech will ultimately define them name them and describe their crime. While stopping short acclaiming the Bush administration directly carried out nine, Levin Vidal was certain that they live at half an on purpose, citing the head of the Pakistani ISI bank rolling the hijackers, but also meeting with the left government officials the week before I'm the morning of 9-11. What made no sense is that CNN wouldn't follow up on why the fighter planes hadn't been scrambled and gone up to stop the hijacking, that's the law of the land, and you don't need the present order, you don't need a general, those are your instructions, I know my father wrote them, said Vidal. When that's the estimate should be a new investigation, and I'd love him to Dalin's sister, of course there should be, and the wonderful time to do it would be at the impeachment of Bush, I think he might find everything we ought to know, but do not know. As to the Bush administration would go in the ranks of staging a terror attack to smoke screen their scandals if it all stated, they certainly know how to cry wolf, let's say it was on their minds to stage an event. I don't know how they can do it, luckily for us, we the people they've antagonized the entire military. I don't think the military would let them. Despite his dark outlook on the future, freedom Vidal handed it a possible reprieve for America, and beginning to feel that the tide is turning, which is the first twinge of optimism I felt in a long time. Maybe he's looking at the polls, you think? It might be. Are we feeling that there's a little bit a little ray of hope? And like it like little ray peri, there's a little ray for it. And you know what Ray says, if we could just have 75 more stations doing sports suck, it would bring a whole lot more listeners to sports stock radio, right? What Ray says, that's why they hired his ass back again, because he's so perspicacious, he's got his eye on the balls, man. I try to keep him on the balls. Come on, Rd. 41 votes. Well, I think we got a real good shot today, you know? I could be wrong, you must think I'm crazy. Well, yeah, but whatever you get to 1500 votes during the show, huh? During the show, and don't forget now, five o'clock this afternoon, you're asked sign of all of these stuff I remind of. Yeah, see if I want to say that right now, you wouldn't have changed a poll, but maybe Jad would have not. Guys would have said, all the old man's out there would buy losing his ass again. I better, I better switch that poll. When you said that, Josh? Yeah? No, you wouldn't. Well, last time I tried, and you know, you got home early, I'd be too early. But if I get home early, that means I have one lot of money. That's good news in both ways. That means I want a lot of cash, which maybe I'll be sending out some people to check, although I don't know. I don't like to make promises, and then I'd fall through, you know? Yeah, I'll maybe I won. Although if I went there today and won the progressive jackpot, 1606 grand on the dollar, we will afford you. I would probably send you guys a few cents. That's sweet. Well, I don't know who a lot, whatever it is, if it's a nickel, I'll take it. Okay, I'll send you a nickel and Josh a check. All right, for a nickel. 26 after 11 at 5, 60, WQAM, let me tell you again, for the I'm team time that Lou Baccro is doing it in man this month, I'm October. They're on their race to a thousand. For the first time in their history, they want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month. And I think they can do it. And if anybody ought to do it, it's these people because I've been by my cars for them. My beautiful Corvettes and other vehicles for a long, long time, about 20 years now. Lou Baccro, I don't forget his time to sell a thousand cars this month, and this thing open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number. They got them all. They flew in the hot new vests. They got trucks SUVs, many vans. The biggest election anywhere in town. They've also got used cars starting at just 39.95. Everyone on the back by car factory guarantee. And because of the fact that they're trying to get to that thousand, they got that race to a thousand going on, they'll make you deals that you will not believe. They give you more money for your trades, your percent financing. We've raised up to six grand, whatever it takes to make you a deal, they'll do it. Only at Lou Baccro, cheervillate two locations for you in Pomp and Omeets, a quarter mile west of on 95. And in Token a Creek on 440, one says South of the Sagress. Don't forget Lou Baccro stayed open until midnight every night, so go over to Lou Baccro this month. You got almost another week to go, get to the best deal on the Chevy Everhood of in your life. Or do your shopping right on their website at Lou Baccro, BAC8 RODT, LouBaccro.com. The biggest name, so the best talent to the faces, we all rock, score Shredio 560, you A-M. The New York God. The Congress in Mark Holy is giving a goose on my side. By saidy why did you give this kiss to my side? By the night night night night. Oh, it told me he would take this count of best water. They the more we love with the man of honor. The New York District hit but he could have hands and legs on my side. But T.S. and I appear new to what I like and not. Do you like better or not of the child? And why do you keep the little time to decide to kiss? Here comes Chelsea, who's been wide? I like the finding of the two places, saw the shoes and... saw my thigh, my thigh, all the chat room, do I want stuff like me, who was my son? Oh, why was my lesson as a boy? I'm a heavy drinker, there's a plausible play hand. Hey, Naya, thinker. I knew a maid it as a page when a hand was placed on my side. There's a door, and she's here, and I look to me or say nay to a page who's hand is placed on my thigh. You're fair with me. Maybe that's a story that we were reading about the misfully, a little bit tipsy, you know. I'm going to the dorm of the P.S. All I want to do is deliver a package. Well, the rat on Tom Faction says, if Bush decides to cancel the 2008 presidential election, who will be there to stop him? Who will be there when a lights go out? Who will be left when the last American leaves a sweet water? I don't know if it's crap. I don't know, Tom. I don't know. Something to think about. Maybe we'll take a poll on that. Who will be there to stop Bush? The Vapra-Hash-Taners. They ought to be the meat, but we'll put it off. Call it 153. I'm telling you, man, if we can get to a 13, by the top of this hour, we are going to be so dangerous. It's going to be scary. You're going to make the Washington post tomorrow. Do you think? I don't know why I do no-why I use it. Just to aggravate John. It's not bad. It's just because I'm lazy. That's why we use it in an explorer. It's going to be a lesson thing. If a lecture worked to email stuff on Firefox, I would never go back to a story. I'd never dream of it. I wouldn't let it darken my computer. Yeah. 1262. Because Firefox is great. An admission which is much faster than Explorer. Yes, it is. It's not susceptible to having all that spam and craft that peer at through their on our store. Less buggy, more user friendly. Right. Much faster, but nevertheless. Now, there are some negatives to fire from. What's in? Well, in certain aspects, like if you know, you can't go to a lot of websites. Some websites that are very interactive want internet explorer. They want it. They want it. That's really? Yeah. Well, I like to mean example. I don't know. I wanted it. You want an example? Thank you. I am. I'm moving out of here. Let me go right now. Okay. Tent it in. There it is. I got it. I'm pretty sure you might not. A lot of sites with video. Although it does have the thing that says click here to download plugin. Right. You won't be able to do that. I don't click there. It just goes through a bunch of crap. Well, who don't want to see that anyway? I'm saying a lot of stuff with video. You won't be able to watch unless you look at it through. You mean like you. You're cute. Are there? No, not you too. But you know, just very multi. Like a lot of multimedia on some sites. You won't be able to watch the videos. I run into whatever you want. And it's a great while. But it's true. Big meal. Right. Should be our worst problem. And if we write it. We'd rather have that problem or do you rather have like half of the Pinkham is you when you try to print a story out. I don't do business with sites that don't like Firefox. It means like WM.com. It's a sports thing. Just ask, John, she'll tell you. Now, did we ever get our link back on there or why? In fact, let me go back to that. I don't know. Well, the new site will be coming up very soon. Yeah. In other words, no. The answer is no. And then it will. Yes. Our host. Let me take a look at this thing. We're at our host. I'm sure you end up with a comment. There's the big O show. Look at that. And he's got that look on his face. I boy, don't you really take me seriously? No. The Kenny and Go Morning Show. Well, that picture is taken from out about a mile away of the guys in the studio. Kenny and Go Morning Show. It's a sports show. And then we got to yours, truly. And then it's got that thing still on there, email, Neil. And then you click on it and it's got that stupid outlook and expressing. Forget about that. It's not going to happen. Instead of having a link to our, to our prestigious website, which is 50 billion times better than the QM website, by the way. Instead of linking it to it, because we established naked pictures on there. Back when our website was really popular, which it isn't anymore. Then there's the mad dog. Looking like he just seen Tom Brady naked. The power hour. Look at that. We don't have no power hour today because mad dog and on. In fact, you see off the rest of the week. Oh, it's huge. Yeah. All occurrences are fine. Job, criticism is on the sceptonoon and a morrow and I'm Friday. At least we got no more of a no more that one's shared got. Well, he's busy with the panthers anyway, right? He's got the panthers. So we got Curtis on the rest of the week. So no power hour all week long. All the week list down in the schedule, the power hour with Hank. Well, what does that mean, you know? Well, what kind of crap is that? I'm going to tell you this is the worst schedule. It's obvious that Francis crumbling out of the pressure we can handle it. Get him some therapy. Get that child some help. This is the between screwing up all the hockey games and have the wrong teams that they're playing and where they're playing it all week long. Haven't screwed up. My favorite was that fan of game against the flyers that he originally had for Friday night. We still didn't even exist. There is a Hank looking really a fat and bubbly afternoon for the seven of the power and there's any k who looks much ordered in the middle of the picture. Is it? That really. God, he looks a hundred. He looks makes me look like a child. Eddie, ball this up cubal. My God, he's got the more Howard David did the haircut. I haven't seen any in a long time. I mean, when you deal with guys who work like late in night or overnight, the daytime people and the late night people and they almost never went into each other. Like when I used to do all those years, eight to midnight, remember those years? Nope. I should do. You want to be a snooze and I and Z? That's where you were listening back then. You know, you claim that you were. I was. I don't know. You listen to talk radio until I started working and talk radio. Oh, another one. That's why you're so unhappy now. That must be it. It's one of the reasons anyway. 1274. We're going to do it. We're going to get to 1300 by when a little hand hits the big hand by noon. And that's going to create an explosion around a woman. I bet you in a big bend. Although, let's see, it's coming up on five and a half noon there. What the? David corn rights on the nation. How big will the anti-GLP wave be? What is it? But not really long. I want to have time for right now as we have to do the break. We got to do the break and we got to get a lot more folks on this poll today. Our whole object of being here is not to like entertain. And that's like, you know, it's two things. Making some money and number two getting a lot of folks on the poll. Right? Right. You remember those great calls? You're never going to do a show without a poll? No. Why? Why do we want to do that? It's part of the show. It's been part of the show for years now, right? Yes. That was back in the day when I used to take phone calls, which is a bad mistake. Ah, bad. Besties. See? Ah! But that's one of the worst things. That one was like hanging in the air for a long time, you know? Oh, God. You'd like to savor that? Yeah. That was good. Though another worst is when you have your going to season and you can't do it. Oh, yeah. And it just goes away. Knees of center-up to us. That's like you feel in full-filled. That's kind of like a sexual thing when you're on the verge and then our host don't happen. You know what I'm saying? I hate that. Yeah. Probably 1274 votes on a poll. We're going to do it. We're going to have 1,300 by the top of the air. I bet you they have like special meetings across the street. 1277. Stick that in your pipe in this smoke at your. The 50's being. What a beautiful. The 50's being. The 50's being. The 50's being. The 50's being. You might be just a little one time then. The 50's being. Oh, vote for people. How voted ,guard, please over. What a good voting for you. You Didn't bump! Come down to the mobile. If they're on the channel 18 quickly. Under eight Radio Dialogue. Feaming it. Mighty signal across Cooper City and beyond it. Let's get started, Joey. There. There's more for America. The Republican Party or Hannibal Lecter. Ah, look at the Earth's as in a moment. But face to face words for egg-o-medic. You're a convenient roadside stand for fresh eggs. Next time you're in the mood for fresh egg-o-dic, is it? Pull up to any phone booths, dil, egg-o-medic standard. Got a couple of dollars in the hole. And out of another hole will come somebody's hand in it, filled with eggs. And then you take your eggs and just go away. Imagine my name, oh how are they doing? And you'll get a handful of eggs, but a regular price. And now, onto the show. Poof, fumble, ho, put a Republican party! Uncle Chully Christ or smooth naked in the despigable boys. Yeah, man. Ha! Why sure! Ha! The varieties, things. Wellies, potatoes for us. Joy, good morning. Maybe we should open to overnight Sunday morning. Hey, I'm Sue, who guys talking about me over there? I read lips and a hoe. They ain't gonna buy any, huh? Well, my little friend, here, says otherwise. See? I'm gonna keep waving at that chit-hillier back slowly away from that window. Put your pants back on. I said, put your pants back on. All right. I'll put my pants back on. But if you think I gotta go through this every time I learn, but you've got another thing coming, see? Put your pants back on. Then I'm gonna take my things and walk slowly away. I'm walking slowly from where it is. Hi, my mow. You know, I have one question about Spider-Man 2, and it is, how did the professor once he got to the long test of a tentacles? Once he put that outfit on there, how did he take a shower? Although he didn't be on that point. Oh. I'm thinking maybe they spritz the body while we're shone him. I'm thinking he would got off the gamey at that point. Now he didn't look to send me no, he was shmotsi. 1292 votes on the pool. We're gonna make 1300 easy by the top of the air. Honey like that, you'll put that in your piece by pin smoke it. Put that in your bonk and puff on it. You idiot. Rudy Giuliani is here to new fundraiser. He used to work for top presidential advisor Carl Roe, the latest sign of former mayor may be eyeing the White House. He's got his eye on it. Margaret Hoover 28 made 10 grand last month as the new deputy finance director for Solutions America, Giuliani's federal political action committee record show. Hoover's resume includes working on intergovernmental affairs for Roe, widely considered to be the mastermind behind president Bush's two election steals, and working for Bush's 2004 campaign operation. Hoover, the great grand daughter of former president of Herbert Hoover, member of two chicken's in every pot and a finger up area. The report directly to Wayne Dickinson, Giuliani's top fundraiser, another veteran of Bush's 2004 campaign. Giuliani has said for months he's weighing around for president in 2008 and he's been nominated as a senior recently said he hopes to make some time next year. Last month he donated a size of 105 grand of other GOP candidates and causes a rounderation including 15 grand of candidates in Iowa and $5,000 to the new Hampshire Republican State Committee, both early presidential primary states. Rudy Giuliani. I guarantee one thing he kick over his ass. Now, Elliot Spitz is going to be the next governor of New York in two weeks. He's going to get elected governor because the tech he can't run again. Elliot Spitz is the attorney general of New York. He's your next president. All right. Now, nobody else has told me that. Everybody's saying, and I like Barack Obama, but I'm thinking that maybe he isn't ready for primary. And addition to which, you know, the Democrats like Geraldine Ferraro, member of that, the first woman on a candidate on the ticket, you know, always do the same jewelry women put her on a hat's right. Make sure that they give people reason to vote against them. They're delusional. Yeah. You mean like her management? Like that. David Cornamination says, How big will the anti-GOP wave be? We are hoping really big. Huge huge. He said this morning, meaning yesterday, morning at a briefing on a congressional election set event that featured former representative, Dick Army Jennifer Dunn and Big Kibhardt, and it was sponsored by Washington Law firm, political analyst Charlie Cook, an independent handcat and heavy cap returns to the Democrats and Republicans offered good news for the Democrats. He compared 2006 to 1994 the year when Republicans shockingly seized control of both Congress, netting a whopping 52 house seats. Cook noted that October of 1994, 39% of Americans said they believed the country was heading in the right direction, and 48% thought it was on the wrong track. Now the right wrong track numbers are far more negative, 26% to 61% of cents on the wrong track. In October 94% of Clinton's approval rate was 48%. These days, Bush is at about 38%. The approval rate in for Congress in 1994 was 24%. Now it's 16% would 75% giving Congress a thumbs down. In 1994, Republicans had a six-point lead in polls asking respondents to say whether they prefer they were Republican Democratic candidate, not the Democrats of a 15-point age. But when asked if their own member of Congress's reserve re-election, in 1994, 49% said no, not only 45% said no. In both years, 39% said, boot the bomb out. Boot the bomb. Speaking about your bomb, Joel, we got 13 evidence. I just looked at it. Did you look at it? No. What's it look like? One, three, and two. Oh. Yeah. That kind of looks like the big number in the morning. That 0.5 between five and seven. That must be just a fluke, okay? Because he is legendary in his own mind. In fact, I think he's even rock solid. The bottom line David Cohen says, out of five key indicators of the National Political Moon for our significantly worse for the Republicans in 2006, compared to the Democrats in 1994 as Cook put it, the 2006 political wave at this moment is bigger than that of 94. But that doesn't mean the Democrats are going to win as many seats as the GOP years did 12 years ago. Gamhard caution that congressional districts are far more jury-manored these days than they were back then, which means fewer are in play. And that Republicans have had a year to prepare for this election and build a wall of the whole back to coming storm. In 1994, he said, Democrats were taken by complete surprise and done perhaps trying to convince himself, made it herself, maintained that her party had plenty of money to dump it into the limited number of house contests up for grabs. It will be able to prevent the Democrats from picking up more than a dozen house seats. They need 15 to get control of the house. Still, Cook who attribute 70% of the electorate's sour mood to Bush's war in Iraq was predicting a democratic gain in the house at least 20 and maybe 35 seats. As for the Senate, Cook described it as a toss-up with control of that body resting of what will happen in Missouri, Virginia, Tennessee, and New Jersey. The Democrats are going to cook probably only three of these four races to win the Senate. He warned that there is a fair bit of volatility within the electorate, and that it's nearly impossible to predict what will be happening by adding up outcomes in individual house races. In 94, he recalled, he and other trackers foresaw a GOP gain of 20 to 30 house seats, but nothing like what really happened. When there's a wave Cook said, they always go bigger than you expected. And that was a beach foresight catchaway, but always gets bigger than you expect. They said, you know, Jan and Dean, you know, I just... Democrats who haven't done much to shape the current political dynamic in Hope so. For nail buyers, the immediate questions are obvious. Can Bush and Carl Roe do anything in the lines to which to the campaign to change the weather? There's not much time left for an October surprise. Can they pull off a November surprise? If not, and the forecast doesn't shift, can the Republicans construct fortifications to be back the way of Indigenous and Uph spots to heat their majority of flow in Congress? Cook thinks not. I'm not going to be guts to make any predictions except this is David Corn. Roe was either about to meet his water, Lou, or confirm his reputation as an odd-defined political genius. One of the other. Got it? Got it. 1306 on Ed Poor. We're going to have 1500 during the show today, which means we got a few people who are not there. Or we're just lucky. We're lucky. If we're lucky, it's a good thing it's a good one by Wednesday. Maybe I got to play the progressive, what do they call it? Mega box. That pops like 2.4 million. Well, there you go. It's like playing the lottery. Got no chance. But if I hit it, I would send you guys each, you know, an envelope. Excellent. Nothing in it, but an envelope. Oh, that's nice. So what's the difference between the progressive slots and those conservators slots? More invalid in the time today, running against themselves, which I think is what you're doing right now. So I have time to read this before the break. Do you read fast? I'm not going to read fast. I don't want to do that because then you start. See, one thing about you, you don't read these bedtime stories because you're in our ticket. That's the problem, right? Because you know, speaking in place. So as a result of that, you don't understand that we're not going to hold on to it. Because it's long man and the story you did. It's long. I'm so disappointed about James Franco. I can't begin to tell you. Well, I'm sorry about that. I thought I'd met my hero. Well, you haven't seen that Tristan now. What's his name? They're Josh. He's on, right? Yes, I did. Now, I'm not going to ask you because obviously you get all squirmations or squirmish and, you know, ANC. But you will have to admit that you don't. In fact, no, but in that movie, they all had all like crap on. You know, it was the days of the meat-evil warriors. You know, they all had a lot of crap on, a lot of baggage. That's right. So they all looked like they were all bucked up and butted up. But then when they took all of that off, they might have been like, I look like carrying carpet around a bad day. They might have looked like Kate Moss. In fact, I'm told that when he does get naked, James Franco looks a lot like Kate Moss. That's bad. 1308 on the pool. What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world? Spend money on crap. 300 and 76. And the people that make crap by the way are very grateful. Thank you for doing that. God bless you. God bless America. Stay stupid, 221. Denar reality, 197. Make war, 115. Kill 94. In fact, a very famous philosopher who used to work at WCUA, I'm not all that long ago. He told me that America's number one hobby. Kills of people. Not just in there, you know. Palute 82. Ways time, 55. Do movies, 51. Screw 46. Party slash get intoxicated 24. Now I got news for a man in the European. They got you to be on that. They're drunk before noon every day. Why, 20, medicine, 19, and drive badly still solamente, Ocho is an uncai Ocho. The biggest problem is to tell us how to do this. How to do this, thinking. The 21560. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8. If you're a Vivid by that other down-home family style restaurant with cracker in the name, then you better stay the hell away from the new down-home family style restaurant. But if you ain't come on in to white cracker barrel. You'll be seated in one of our two separate buddy cool downing rooms. In the white room, you'll enjoy a cocktail like confide Russian. White lady, white spotter, or anytime the wine, as long as you're white, or beer. And the kids will enjoy coolates or milk. Sorry no chocolate. Relax to our piped-in music with no rhythm whatsoever. Your discrimotate entased will be prejudice for our new exclusive menu. Black Southern Fried Chicken, white meat of course. Smothered in white gravy, or tried the other white meat, or chopped with applesauce. And for the seafood lover, try ice-flucing white meat, and everything is served. Smothered in mayonnaise. And in our black dining room, you can sit in the bag, finish your meal, and get the hell out of the house. Either way, you'll get what you deserve at the only white cracker barrel. Down-home family style restaurant, square white, is all way right. Probably won't find 60 WCM, like the white soup or the red soup. That's poof-oves. Right. That's what we can do. If you get the sins of some stuff for our wine, by the way, there's a really funny bit that you can't play on a new with this. From the minds to the thrott shoes, the newest reality crazy. Dancing with the stars comes a new reality show that is going to blow you away. Oh, I'll poop you. What? It's called pooping with the stars. Yeah, I saved a copy anyway. No. It's worth it. It's great. All the good stuff we can play. We have followed the eyes of the night. It's a really funny stuff we can't play anymore because we get juiced. Anyway, so Sean sends me a bunch of full thanks a lot, Sean. I'll go in there. Then I first won there. Yeah, I know idea what that is. Well, Google it. Right. If you haven't eaten a big breakfast, Google it. Okay. And click on the second listing there on the Google, and you'll just, whatever. But anyway, Sean says in my naiv view, there's something that could be more depressing than a healthy Bob Lacer doing a radio show I was wrong. Two minutes reading the poor man's death blog would have reberked up an e-me swallowing Zolop by the fistful. I don't know if Bob abused himself to death or his melody was unavoidably genetic, but please everyone gets them done exercise, Sean. Exercise, regular exercise will have to overcome a marginal diet, but the best diet in the world cannot compensate for no exercise. Besides a few muscles count as hard currency when you try to get laid, so Sean. I don't think Bob was problem. Of course when you were in radio, you sit on your ass all the time, and I certainly don't imagine he was one of those people got a lot of exercise any more than I do. But he was once upon a time a really huge guy. And when you're really huge and you have that being his in the sound of controlling. And admittedly, you know, I talked to him about it. And if you were reading his blog, you know, along the way, you know, he just didn't pay any attention to it. And even with me, even when the some of the crap that I eat, like when I tell you on days that I had a punto ice cream in my blood sugar, you know, you can sit up there, but I take enough medication to get it back down. I try to keep it with an reasonable range. Although one of these days, I'm sure I'll pay. I'll pay a work in price. And he did. And he did. And we should learn by his example, but like I said, the other day it's easy to say that, but we're hooked so we can't do it. We're addicted. So what do you think of that pooping with the stars? Oh, it's a third one. You can't say it's like you've been newest. And on a related subject, yes, that gaping business? Oh, no. Yeah. You Google it. We can't discuss that on the air. What do you mean by that? I know we can't discuss it on the air. Well, that's why I told you, I don't want to talk about it. You're the one that talks about the crap. Not me. Well, my mouth is a gap from reading about it. Well, there's not the only thing that's a gap if you look at that website. Uh-huh. Oh, wow. And if you. Yeah. And I'm supposed to be the pervert, right? Sean, thanks, Sean. 1336, well, it's time to pull man. We're going to have over 1,400 by 1 o'clock. We've got to fit. We got it. Lickman, it's beginning to perversion. We got it. Marine Dowd says running against themselves. Here's your column from this morning's New York Times. Marine Dowd won't cost you a dime. Things have become so dare for the Republicans that now even Bush has been just in seeing himself from Bush. The president is cutting and running from the president. And a moment has event at the White House on Monday. Tony Snowman, a major announcement about an important news strategy in Iraq. The president will no longer stay on the state of the course on the rallying cry. Stay the course. A presidency built on a message to discipline. Message to the course is trying to salvage itself with some last minute un-messaging message. No more state of course. Of course the administration has never really said what the course is. So it was never really apparent what's staying at many. It was a wacky moment for Tony Snowman who renounced the slogan, whilst sticking to the policy. It left the wrong impression about what was going on the press. It could be said. And a lot of critics to say, well, here's an administration that just embarked to the policy and not looking at what the situation is when in fact it's just the opposite. The important thing was that the cliches sounded good to be public and strong and virile for a while. But posters for the White House seemed to be the last to learn that even many of the party faithful had soured on the phrase, Deming it in flexible and stupid as Carl Roe for urge GOP candidates to keep the Democrats on defensive and national security lost his magic. In a White House with the Fox News all spin sensibility officials don't think they need to change the strategy as much as he needs to change their slogan. The overworked bushphrase suggested bearing your head in the sand, Steve Henson, political director at lunch research companies at GOP public opinion firm told the Washington Post Peter Baker. The problem is, I wonder if he's given the Peter Parker spider, man, spot, huh, Peter, was that his name? Yes. The problem is, I wonder where he parked his scooter. Oh. The problem is that it is the number of people who are agreeing with the remaining resolute windows. That sort of language doesn't strike a court as much as it once did. On willing to admit mistakes are faced the urgent need to go past the romantic changes in a protector that is falling into the vicious civil war, in which Americans are merely referees and targets. The White House is falling back on marketing. Justice Andy Card rolled out the wars of marketing event. The Bush team now thinks that all it needs to do is come up with a catchy and chesty, militarizing pitch. Baby of canon assured Wolf Lyskrieg that the president still intended to stay the course in secretory. He just wouldn't use that phrase because again people in person at W. was unwilling to change tactics. After all, the change told Rush Limbaugh last week that the inept and rocky government was doing remarkably well. But given the Republican meltdown, it's obvious that Democrats are having better luck mocking the Republicans for staying the course than Republicans are having mocking the Democrats for cutting and running. But Democrats had no ingenious ideas about how to extricate ourselves from this nasty war either. The W once more accused that Democrats of wanting to cut and run and mark that a campaign stopped in Sarasota yesterday. Many frantic Republican lawmakers also are running against themselves, either reneguing on their support for the war they started, or reneguing against Washington, the time they absolutely control, claiming that the capitals for gotten their values are making ads denouncing the Democrats homosexual agenda even though Republicans are not a party of gay scandal. It's a hilarious spectacle of whole party reenacting this classic scene in El Burst blazing saddles in which the sheriff holds the gun to his own head to take himself hostage. The Bush is no connect towards the action, action is something that secretly plotted with the inner circle behind closed doors. The public should stay out of it. The Bush is just connect towards with salesmanship, poppy Bush never meant it when he said read my lips no new taxes at the 98 convention. It was just a cleanest wood-sounding line in a pecking moon and speech meant to pump up his flight image. Just so his son never paid any mind who is campaign promised not to nation-build and he didn't come through on his bullhorn pledge to catch the perpetrators of 9-11 or his tough guy vaudeb ring and Osama did a rely. To deputy the words he says to Americans no matter as much as the words Dick Cheney says to him. He just has to hope that that he's fran James Baker, the smooth fixture whose coach here went to the Iraq study group and was already suggested moving past the meeting with partisan jargon of cut and run and stayed of course comes up with some plan to rescue a junior from my fine mess one more time. That's your girlfriend, we're in doubt. She's sweet. Sweet. Speaking of the lost package. 1343 votes on the poll. And that's one thing about the Spider-Man movies though. It's like all these superhero movies, you know. They're like all obsessed with like like in this small hill. He's obsessed with Lana. But they never do anything. At least in that movie they bore out why it's difficult to have a relationship when you can never show up for a date because bank robber is something. You know it's not like he didn't want to. We don't never see that in small hill. He went around kitchen bank robber's. I don't know he's catching. Catching crack from Lionel Louza. But you know finally he got it together in the end and we were all happy. You got it in the end? Yeah. Go get him tiger. What are you talking about? In the movie in Spider-Man 2 we find Spider-Man 2 all in the end of the movie. Well, finally he was able to reconcile the two lives. After they went through that traumatic journey that gigantic building there it's high. Yeah, that was perceived. The dialogue is written for him. It's written for sure. The character was shaped around him and the dialogue. And for him. It's a real nerd. You know this is really heavy. Yeah. Oh, he's such a nerd. As a move, you've no wonder he couldn't get laid. At any rate although I think he had his eye on the hairy. Sir, well they were roommates while they are going to be tangled and they were roommates. They were roommates. They were supposed to be roommates to me. And what they say about guys over like 18 or 19 who live together, Josh. Nice timing to get a mouthful of spaghetti. Oh, just took it all out. How far has spaghetti eyes it from Tony's up at? Yes. How come you never think a brand or anything like a brand and Tony's and the people at how he is? No, he's obviously. He just take it for granted. It's like an argument. Like, wasn't the fact that you were on a show, you're entitled to what? Just hop up the free food. Oh, as a matter of fact that scene in the movie, oh, it was perfect. Where he's working as a piece of liberty kid. Yeah. He's busy doing his thing there on his spider webs. And so he just momentarily drops the pizzas on the guys balcony. They're right to get him out of his hands for a second because he got other bigger fish to fry. Mm-hmm. And just as he's coming back to pick up the four boxes of pizzas again, the guy goes in there and steals a slide. Right. He was going into the water. I can't tell you who I was thinking of at that point. Oh, no, no, no, no. And then of course, the red comes back and grabs the slide right out of his hand. Now that was justice. Okay, we didn't even have to call down Coral. That was just a flea to spider man here in the building for a little while there. Yeah, that's right. It'd be the piece of what we're trying to chop up all the pizza. Don't, don't, don't, don't. That pizza thief. 1351. Oh, and there's Michael Fox. I do really believe that he's, I mean, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I mean, he'll laugh about that. That's where that's in very bad taste. And Russia said a lot of outrageous things in the past that I, I think he's, he's reached new limit. No, there is no low. There, there's no low. There can't transcend, apparently not. I mean, if you'd asked Rush, how low can you go? He'd say, how low can you find him? Like, yeah, I'm a big, heavy Parkinson's. They get the chicks. And I got this for a time, jikot told me years ago, Michael's a fox is getting all the action he wants. That's what time told me. Well, he's got all the moves. Now, very is he's a standing up there with that podium. A member of Congress or a candidate for any office, and Michael's a fox is living every day with the effects of a lack of stem cell research support. He is a number one qualified to talk on this issue and I commend him. Let's think of a bravery to put for him to go off. Get up there and put on an act like that. Anyway, Rush Limbaugh will say anything to protect anyone who challenges George Bush in this policy. This time, as target is Michael J. Fox. Medes are something Rush has a little experience with. Rush Limbaugh accused Michael J. Fox actor in Parkinson's disease victim of deliberately going off his meds to appear on camera with exaggerated symptoms of his disease for dramatic effect. Fox appeared in the recent Kramer Cascals Center campaign that's how to even need for stem cell research. Limbaugh even goes so far through accused Fox of taking his symptoms all together. How do you like that? Uh huh. He says I stated when I saw the end, I was commenting you about it that he was either off the medication. He was acting. He's an actor after all. Dispiciable. And then it says he's going to go. Or he's going to go? Dispiciable. That's what I said. Oh, great. Right. So there you go. Picking on some foreshaky guy like for Michael's A. Fox. That's Rush. I noticed Rush ain't working on those ABC football broadcasts any more is he? Or was it ESPN? I think whatever it is. He's talking about who the hell was he talking about? He was quarterback. Don't ever bring that. How about you work taking too many good things about him either there in the late stages of your game on Sunday? As he brought the Eagles back from that 17, nothing deficit. And it looks like the Eagles had snatched victory from the cloud jaws of defeat. But just like the Democrats at the very last second. Yeah, the guys they got was running out. They snatched defeat from the jaws of victory. Eagles did. Which they still got special. That's usually the buck specially. By the way, at least 10 minutes came against Ottawa. I said they lost 62. That was nice. They always lose the Ottawa during the regular season. They just let them off for the playoffs. Sounds good to me. 13 61 men. We got a shot at any five million votes today. Man's going to be the talk of the radio. The biggest name. So the best term is to win the European Rocker's Special 560. 460, put the round in every six weeks. These shows. And the flag. For a goal. For a goal. For a goal. For a goal. I get to be the lead. That was a big deal. Out the moisture. The strength. Yeah. I want to have. The way you're doing it there in Baltimore. It's in the Palagans off the a piece. Ah! Told you I didn't get time. I'm sorry. No. I'm going to change the face of what you can't just sport whole radio. Spot noise. Didn't interview with a generic sport. Oh, shh. Spot noise. Yeah. I don't like to fire under the essence of demons. No matter who it is. Because they all sound alike. Roll it up. Do it like that. That's the doing. It's interviewing me. Oh, make 100% effort to perform well. So yeah. Parkour will you sports guys and like that. So got you a sin dad. Stoping. Well, we have to go to college. But never really attend classes just like not too smart. Is the situation we have. You're doing great when about male athletes and Why should things are jacks? Perhaps there's a little day. And just a little on the carry aside. Maybe stretch it out. I have to see in a few tight butts. So it is. We like women. We're programmed to do so. You're a good station. Outside of one show. You and he, anyone talk about girls. There is a little we. Okay. There are two, three very little. And then with very small things. Need to hear. But you stay at this point. She's there. I'm there! I'm there! We're here! Yeah, he kind of left the gap in our program and when we hit him on, you know. I'm a gait. Yeah, a gait. Oh, speaking of that, and that's why I played it. That's why I played it. An environmental Indiana Congressman is launched in New campaign, and that warns of voters democratic opponents, contriegarated shift in how his leadership and advanced aid homeless sexual agenda, you fake it. In a woman-a-radio-adpeded, made for by friends of Representative John Haastettler, or he sounds like an omniscient of me, or a crowd. Haastettler? Well that's what all those names are anyway. I'll be honest, man. Oh. An answer in person that inclinies with dirty, hairy characters as a vote for challenger, right-eels, would be a vote for a California Democrat Nancy Pelosi as House Speaker. Pelosi will then put an emotional or radical plan to advance the homosexual agenda led by Barney Frank, recommended by the House after paying for sex with a man who ran a gay brothel out of Congressman Frank's home, the narrator says. Frank Democrat in Massachusetts became the first member of Congress to voluntarily make homosexuality public in 1987, and 89, a gay prostitute, a former companion of Frank's name Stephen Goby, alleged Frank knew that he ran a gay prostitute from ring out of the congressman's Washington DC apartment. The House has extremely rejected Goby charges as untrue in 1990. They did find that Frank fixed parking tickets accumulated by Goby and wrote a misleading memo for him. The House issued a public referendum to Barney for those issues. They said, you're fairy. The end would stay viewed Saturday across southwestern Indiana, also accused of a lot of the embassy demands of illegal aliens with Detroit liberals on Congress and raised taxes with New York liberal Charlie Rangel. I know what you're thinking, the narrator says, is this true? Well, if you're lucky, go ahead vote for Brad Ellsworth, make Nancy Pelosi's day. Ellsworth's campaign called the Edson Sational and False. The race is not about Nancy Pelosi or San Francisco, as folks in the Matt Weissman said, what it's about is going to, who's going to do the best job of representing Yadiyadiyani? The gay agenda, Bayley. I was going to have a good scapegoat. I mean, for a long time, it was the Jews and, of course, the gay Jews, you're fairy. Oh, boy, like Ms. Fudge, we're about gay Muslims now. 1370 votes on the pool, man. We're going to have 14 every easy by the top of the earth. We're going to easy to 15 every debailleur. When I told you, at 10 15 this morning, we're going to go for 15 every votes on the poll today. You must have both been thinking, this guy is crazy. He's a crazy old, cool. Well, not because of that. He would be for I said they were thinking that. God news for him, I pay chekshot up yesterday, they early. I was going to air clearance in Joe and whoever's in accounting, who's in accounting, okay, Debbie Michelle. Oh, everybody there, nice going. And don't forget that bonus check. Get that baby in the real quick. Yeah, please. See, I mean, that was really a very bizarre thing that happened Saturday morning. I was sitting there, I would buy, and I'm not doing all that well at that point. I did make it come back and broke even. Thanks, God. Later on, I'm sitting there losing and again, the email from clearance. And here's the ratings. And I see we're never one again. Very unexpected. We're just surprised. We're just shocked. You know, I'm just too nauseous to call it one way or another. We're in a four summer, eight in time. And so I'm thinking of myself, I got that nice bonus there. And even though it's the summertime, and I get like a very pulplary, some converted to the rest of the year, yeah, I didn't make any of it's whether I went or lose this morning. And then wouldn't you know, it is like what have it up top that 1500 on the line. And I broke even at the area. I was in my 20 day. And I flew out of there. It was a great great day. I wonder what Lou Dobbs would think about this story. Although majority of American supporting, increasing the number of border patrol agents along the US Mexican border, most do not support building that 700 mile fence along the border, according to a CNN poll came out yesterday. Today, 74% of a thousand 13 poll respondents said they would be in favor of more US agents along the border, but only 45% said they wanted a border fence built. According to survey conducted by opinion research Corp on behalf of CNN, and I bet you'll lose jobs aim to please about that. He was a big old fence. He was to go down there and shoot him as they come across the border of that. Okay, well 58% said they would support large fines on employers who hire illegal immigrants, 54% said they would oppose the all terms for those employers. More than 2, 3rds of poor response, 67% said the number of illegal immigrants in the US could be decreased, but only 34% said all illegal immigrants should be removed. 67% said the number of illegal immigrants should be decreased. That's like saying that 67% said there ought to be fewer robberies. I mean, what does that mean? Deport them. Deport them all. The number of people who raised them poll roughly this time, the similar poll conducted in June and Lou Downs is all worth up into a printing. Talk about a one note Charlie made. They're destroying the middle class and it's because of all these illegal is all you, uh, speaks, you know, whatever you say. Disgraceful. Of course it's not an act of the thing you understand that. I don't know what it is. It's illegal thing. It's not an anti-mastic thing. It's just a word with a word. Oh, no matter where they're going to come from. That's right. All these other Latinos from all over Latin America are pouring into Mexico. And of course, if they build that gigantic fence, I mean, how difficult is it going to be for them to dig tunnels underneath the fence or like drill it, make holes in the fence. Well, the hard workers, you know, that's right. They got a lot of experience doing that, making holes in things. Trilogy, the real escaping gap in that fence. Hey, Sean, do yourselves some health. Sean, well, it's your fault. You know, I got them all with them put a damn thing about facials. I'm going to use that poll. I'm vacation for a week and I come in and I look to see what kind of incipant growth test poll juror just taken on day. And it's like, oh, god, so what if you vote on it? I said, what that? 1385 votes on a poll. I bet you that I'm just saying they're having a staff meeting about this right now about what? I'm not talking about across the street I'm talking about in our building. About the fact that we got so many people voting on our poll today. Oh, 1885. Do we have that many people listening in a morning yet? And that's because nobody's discovered to Kenny and roll morning show yet. That's because there's no promotion yet. Hey Kenny, we're very sorry that they're a fan of the 50s name. So best tell us guys, thanks. You get your on course for 20560. You a. It's not set. Other not sets. Hey everybody, I'm so happy with you. Hey, my question. My God, I'm coming to see you through five you. Anybody want to fight my guys doing? I need to learn. I used to be fast as lightning. I belong to Lincoln. Remember when I do that by the end. Drop. But I'm still so excited to fight him. And keep this lovely too. I'm almost lost up as him. But I'm the craziest round. When I get into the ring now, I want to kick now, fall down. Now I'm going out on tour. And I think I'm going to tour. And if I fight against the chick, if I lose, I'll fight long and chick crazy. I'm my dad's son. I don't keep going. Even if I've got no last name. But coming to the camera, give me that bad name. Take that kick it now. My stick with me, class and then dad's name. Oh yeah, my my dad's name. I'm a beautiful boxer. I've lived in the album. I'm going to eat your kids. I'm going to play with you. You love me because you don't want your love me. Everybody loves me. I love you. Yeah. 1395 votes on a pool. How do you like that? Aren't you impressed? It's only 1232. And you'll be even more impressed when you understand that I got my shirt and my pants on. And my pants. My pants and loonies. Now you're shining? So calm it. And I've even got my my canfare and my shirt pocket. Well, you talk about being prepared, man. Talk about a ritualized and wonderful life. Activity troops voister descent from US policy in Iraq. But how come you didn't tell me a long time ago to give her that exploring. Get on this. Our. Because I really don't like you. And I talked behind your back all the time. Oh, Liam Madden imposed the war in Iraq even before he deployed with his Marine unit in late 2004. But he came home convinced more than ever that the war was wrong. And more informed about that the more I opposed the war said Madden's 22A Marine Corps Sergeant in Quantico, Virginia. The more people who died there, the longer we stayed there, the more I opposed the war, the more I know the easier it is to support withdraw. Madden is one of about 118 members of the US military plan of petition Congress asking that US forces be withdrawn from Iraq and brought home. So to turn a J. E. McNeill. A lot of he's kind of archie McNeill. O, McNeill is advising the grassroots group of active duty service members who organized the petition drive through a website and a rare display of public descent. Madden and other service men trying to go public today with their disapproval. Members of the military are more limited than civilians in how they can express his scent. Although a number of troops including at least one other off at one officer have been brought up on charges for refusing the servant Iraq and does not more deserted. This is the first time that's serving members of the US military a public and petition Congress to end the war. The action comes less than two weeks before the elections in which Iraq is a major issue. No kidding. Hey, I'm home, baby. Now no more dead people. If they want to kill each other over there, let them have a good time. That's right. Sure, they've been doing it for thousands of years. 141 votes. This is like Israel and Lesbian on there with that Hezbollah business and I don't know if it even talks about that anymore. Except when we talk about those cluster bombs and the phosphorous and all that stuff. Nobody even talks about that no more. What did it? What did this grace? That's part of what we export. That's what America's sports best. In fact, that should be number one is kill people. Yeah. I'm not going to do it on the pool. We got 141 on the pool. Is there any doubt in you nimble mind whether we'll make that 15 every now or not? No doubt. Very. Molly Ivins writes, it's good to be the richest of the rich. True like you give it a shot for a few weeks when you. Yeah. She says, oh good. According to the White House press office president Bush will spend much of the next two weeks discussing what a swallow economy we have. Did you know that the Dow Jones industrial average is at its highest point ever and the next act did oh. Wow, breathtaking huh? But today that was not a good indicator of how things are going for the majority of Americans. I just love Lesbian the Bush he's played with numbers when Bush took over in 2001. He predicted the surplus of $516 billion for fiscal year 2006. Last week the administration announced a 2006 deficit of $248 billion missing its projection for this year by $754 billion. Bush said the numbers are proof that pro-growth economic policies work are in an example of some fiscal policies who are in Washington. This is how he reminiscent of the Chinese recent observation about the Iraqi government. If you look at the general overall situation they're doing remarkably well he said. Bush's main talking point on the budget is that he cut the deficit in half that would be from 2004 the year the White House insulated the projected deficit for political reasons. Even conservatives disagree. Brian Redell of the Heritage Foundation says the White House has a track record of projecting budget numbers to be a lot worse than they end up which therefore help them defeat the gloomy expectations and declare victory. If Bush does manage to make the tax cuts permanent, it'll add more than $3 trillion that if it's said over the next 10 years. The federal budget would be virtually in balance if there had been no tax cuts. This is version of doing remarkably well includes a trade gap. Now our record $69.9 billion up to 0.7% since July. Short of a big correction consumer spending, the best we can know for is that the trade deficit stabilizes Steven Stanley, chief economist at arbeouscventagecapitalfullbloobberg.com. Meanwhile what we see in the economy as a whole is an immense shift of wealth from the poor middle class to the very rich. It seems a little painful at the point this idea again after six solid years of it, but these are lies, damn lies, and statistics. Just to give you an idea of how dependable the Bush numbers are, the Department of Health and Human Services put out a press release a few weeks ago telling senior citizens that they'll have new options with low cost and that monthly premiums in OCEM will be the same as in O6. The Medicare prescription drug benefit just keeps getting better, verbal, HHS. They seem to have been taking too much in the way prescription drugs and we last know one of the most singular useful members of Congress found that average premiums will actually increase by over 10% next year and for the lowest price plans, average timers will be up over 44%. It's not merely confusing arithmetic, it's deceptive advertising, which said. While lightning the tax burden for the rich, other parts of the Bush economic for Remcontinued to undermine the middle class of this country. As you may recall in 2005, the credit industry successfully ran a disgraceful bankruptcy we formed built-through Congress, it's working out just the way we expected it to. Middle-class families are borrowing more than ever to make ends meet. Most families go under if A they lose a job, or B they have a health emergency crisis. One attorney sums up the legislation's impact, it's designed to make life miserable for anybody who owes money, it's a health device, switched a little guy law. Bush's remarkably good economy is good only for the richest, for the rest of us in comes our stagnant and education and health care costs are skyrocketing. The Republican Congress blindly represents policies designed to help only a few, are you better off than you were six years ago? Ask Molly Irwin. Didn't we agree that he's got breast cancer Molly? You might have talked about it. Yeah. What do you mean you forgot? You're so insensitive. I'm not sure. How do you develop this hatred of women in your later years? I don't hate women. Not all of them. Oh, poll-choice-related paid-scamherting Republicans. There's fat, which of course is half-side the room there. Party, moto. The developing and narrative and they're taking a pretty close off. There's fat Danny Hastard there with the, look at these, got some sprinkles on his collar there. Yeah, maybe our holy fairytale. We had some non-iscaler too, but in the life of sprinkles. Look at our somebody sprinkled about his collar. 14, every 18 votes on the poll. Man, we got the 1500 made in the shade. I would go back there and I would run into curses office and just jump on his desk like Rubble Stilkin. Just jump up and on screaming. We got 50 that revolts to you, jackass. Winniffy, great. Yeah. Take a picture of it. What do Americans know? And how are we doing on our, my, my thing? See, I haven't put that on here yet. You're saying? I haven't put it on my thing yet. Am I my space? We have 699. We had 699 friends. All right. On my space. I was that pretty good. See, I have no gauge. There's some really, there's some really good stuff on these. Are you looking at it? I'm going to it. And what does it say? When we started this long, we had 699. You know, we got over at 700 total a day. If we can make a new friend of the, at myspace.com, when that be great, that be special. And of course, if they haven't put a picture up there and it's somebody that really turns somebody on, you know, that'd be better. Some of you are I'm living in breathing person. I've legalated course and we can also do it around and go, no, we wouldn't all be 700 even. 700 even. What did I tell you? This is the day man. I'm going to play lots of machines today. No, 50. So best in the area in this world. You're a rocker sports, pretty old 560. Hey, man. Hey. Then should power manure, covers over this performance by the dolphin. Oh, that's right. My name is Adolfens and here we go again on novel Loosing season. That's never gone up and they never win. They never will. When I will never know, life for sale, a straighted, thick, thick, thick, thin, so when the super-folder. Oh, Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the lead? Oh, did you? Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The same old story nothing new. The Dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the fairies card. I watched up to four games. Oh, I did. See the wimpy way. It's safe and through that flag. You're standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a bag and there. You're fair. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the lead? Oh, Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. They're problem-stick to them. My clothes. The Dolphins are such a fuc-roll-roll. And then you can't see. It's only five-year-long days. They go out of victory. And then they play the Texans. It almost made me sick. That's stupid, two-point passway. That's fumbling on sight kicked and there. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the lead? Oh, Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Oh, and the bar ain't needs to shoot. But Dolphins can't control the ball. They're running games flat. As for their execution. Though I'd agree with that, they're always gone up low. A lead of that can be sure. And when they lead, the fields still have the stench of common doors. There's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans in the lead? Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Is there another shot of two more? Oh, no, no! But Dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots. Another couple games. The game wasn't up to me. It's just... I think they're all guitarists. It's almost like their curse. Esteecent hammer and zectom. This witch team is the worst. And they'll say, Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. Oh, what the hell? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. pools. Submeritumowania. Presence. Daisy. I'll just click on my page on the side. And we'll release these with YouTube andyor. I don't know which are really hysterical and operating and whatever they're call. But they are. They're in Troy everything on their foreclad. Click here to a download plugin. Yeah, we'll download the plugin. There's more. You have to do that with Internet Explorer too when you first get your computer. Uh, it's just a hassle man's opinion. I don't want to start all over again. I don't want to start from scratch. All right. There's like a big gap in the technology, a gaping gap. You don't want to say that? No, I know what you're saying, but nevertheless. 1444, but that's the nice number. We'll get to 15 real easy to day. No stress, no pressure, baby. Just the way we like it. A brother of Pat Tilman, the National Football League player was killed in combat in Afghanistan after leaving his fourth career to serve in the army, has last out of the Iraq War in an essay published online. The brother Kevin Tilman, who was in the same army, Ranger Unit as Pat Tilman, a corporal was killed on April 22, 2004 by so-called friendly fire under circumstances that the Pentagon continues to investigate, sharply criticized American political leadership and called the war any legal invasion. Do you know what I would say to him? I have no life. No, I would say. That's so, really correct. Somehow, the more soldiers that died, the more legitimate the illegal invasion becomes to him. In the 60s, where I said it was posted last week on truththig.com, a web magazine offering news and opinion from a progressive point of view. Some honest and terminated American leadership was only credited as lying to its people and illegally invading a nation. It's been allowed to steal the courage virtue and honor of its soldiers on the ground. In what are apparently his most expensive public remarks since the death of his brother of the age of 27, he also doesn't squarely mark in public, which is suggest to offer him a lies on superficial gestures to support the troops instead of holding politicians accountable. He's never done all ways as well. If you don't support the war, you don't support our troops. I mean, what kind of a moron have you got to be to buy in the death crab? Somehow back at home, the support of the soldiers meant having a five-year-old kindergartener, scribble a picture with crayons and said it overseas, or slapping stickers on cars or lobbying Congress for an extra pad in a helmet he wrote? Mr. Tillman ended with his suggestion that the elections under the Marseilleur and opportunity for people opposed to the war to send a message. Mr. Tillman, you're a member of Joey Zazawa sending a message. That's all. Luckily, this country is still democracy, where people still have a voice, people can still take action to start after Passover 6. I don't like that. My birthday is November 5 and Passover 6. That's something? We deal. Despite Pat Tillman's fame and the opportunity of a motion after his death, Tillman's family is generally kept a distance from anti-war protesters, though they often spoke under their efforts to find the truth about what really happened. Family members didn't answer messages for comment on Kevin Tillman's posting. I spoke to him for the Pat Tillman Foundation in San Jose, California, where the Tillman's rough said, it's our understanding that Kevin Tillman is not accepting any of your requests. Pat Tillman's safety for the Arizona Cardinals of the team in the spring of 2002 did join the Army along with Kevin, motivated and part by the 9th level of the text, and eventually training is a ranger. After a stint in Iraq, the brothers were sent to Afghanistan, Pat Tillman died the Army eventually concluded after members of his own unit shot him as a search friend of me fighters in a canyon in the southeast of Afghanistan, and Afghan soldier fighting against them also Kevin Tillman's essay was posted this Pentagon of investigators closing on the latest of several investigations in the case, and it's literally the Army has suggested that enemy fire and field pads, someone later, the Army has considered that his comrades had shot him, that's so called friendly fire. Hey, friend. Oh, over when Nancy Grace always says, many friends. Under pressure from the family and members of the Congress, the Inspector General of the Defense Department of the Army Criminal Investigation Command are examining the actions of members of Mr. Tillman's unit and the initial investigation. Daniel Cohen, spokesman for Representative Michael Honda of California, Democrat from San Jose who pushed for the investigations, said Pentagon representative said a month ago they expected to complete their work by the end of November or early December. A spokesman for the Pentagon said money investigations were continuing. He declined to comment on Kevin Tillman's essay. Robert Sheer, one of our favorite syndicated columnists in the truth, the exciting and written about the case that spoke in the family members in the past. Kevin Tillman's article was not solicited Sheer, said in the side of the great hand of the Senate agreed to tell him's conditions for posting it. The conditions were at the post of unchange of side from grammatical editing, including the headline he had written after Pat's birthday. Mr. Sheer said, tell him it made a note that after leaving the military last year, he felt now as the time to speak out with his brother's birthday approaching. Pat Tillman also had expressed anger about the word of friends several published reports have said. He's not proselytizing. He's not a political person. Sheer, a person's Sheer said of Kevin Tillman. He just decided because his birthday was coming up. He felt strong and he had to say something. Since the article went up on the website, it's received more than 4,000 responses. The web server limits a prohibited publishing that many Sheer said. 3,000 dead soldiers pretty close to a 2800 plus. Based on a lie, if that's not an impeachable offense, what don't get a big, like getting a few BJs or a consumer's account. Maybe stealing some pizza from Spider-Man. Oh, for me! It's never doing it. Nicklenoffery can't refuse. Well, I said show you delivery kids out there. Don't be leaving like a whole bunch of pizzas and somebody's stoop around without any unlike them. Don't be a 7th floor. You gotta look like he was about to just chop into that slice. He was just about to take a bite and all of a sudden, what a wicked web we leave when we practice to deceive. You know, he's not what I'd more used to say. Something like that. Yeah. Evil, evil doer. 1457 votes out of full of man. This is spectacular. What do Americans do better than anyone else in a world? Thanks to ever send that poll in yesterday because obviously they like this poll, right? In fact, you know what I forgot? Whenever put I hate this poll on there. Ah, see? You better put it on there right now. We will. But here I'm all optimistic of being put in like this poll. There's that certain element of out there. They don't like anything. We just hate like that. Spend money on crap 427. Stay stupid, 250. Then I reality 2015. Make war 127. Kill 108. That's real people. I'm a pollute 90. Waste time 58. Movies 56. Screw 46. When that paid out of the good station, screw 46. I'd like to. Party slash getting taxed. Get it 27. Lye 23. Medicine 20 and drive badly. So 90. D.A. D.A. So Tom for the H.C. Chinkwata banana. Ha ha ha. Well, at least we learned something yesterday. We learned that the word for banana and that means banana. Sure. And I still, oh, I hate this poll. I know now we have 1461. I slow work. I'm just excited about this business. I think they hear what I'm going to back you next like, uh, what do something? I don't know. I don't know what the heck I had any. It would stand out. I got to hear in the back of my neck and affect I just did my shave job last night. But I raised my head about. Just did a shave job. I'm an expert at it now. And of course now that it's quoted in hell, probably not all the smartest thing. But as long as you got your tooth you're okay. You ever have a tooth? Uh, yeah. I'm not a toaker, tooth. Both. Oh, so the tooth is a really flat kind. Like, you know, it folds up flat. What do you mean it folds up flat? Well, what do you say? Most of like your typical round hats, a tooth has a seam down the middle of it. And so when you take it off, it's just kind of flattened. Yeah. That's right. Then yes, I had a tooth. It's a schmata man. You got a tooth. You have no chance. Certainly can't be in Canada without a tooth. That's right. Or some back bacon. Or some female bacon. 1256 and 56 to WQM. I've been doing business with our friends at Lou Backroach. I've been working for over 20 years. Now, I hope you'll start doing it right now. If you have a bodyguard that we focus, they make it a great experience of car buying view. They make it a real machin. They're service. They're salespeople are selection cars are unbeatable. And their prices are beyond belief. That's how low they are right now. And speaking of right now, Lou Backroach is doing their race to a thousand. For the first time in their history, they would like to sell a thousand cars in one month. And they've got to try to do it in this month October. And they're going to do it. They've got the biggest selection of new news cars. And for the most fabulous new Corvets, trucks SUVs and many vans anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting to just 39.95. Every single one of them backed by a car fax year and two. Like I said, Lou Backroach is not to sell a thousand cars during this month of October. And so, they're staying open till midnight every night to get for that number. Forget the price. Just make them an offer. They'll be the only dealer you ever heard of in your life. More money for your trade. They give you a 0% financing. Re-bates up to 6 grand. Whatever it takes, they'll do it to sell you a car. Only Lou Backroach, heavy with two great locations for it. In Pompid OB to quarter mile West of mile 95. And a coconut creek on 441. Just south of these soil grass expressway. Don't forget, Lou Backroach stayed open till midnight every night. If you want an unbeatable deal, you still have a few days left this month. Get over to Lou Backroach right now for the best day on Chevy. You'll ever see in your life. Check out their website, Lou Backroach, BAC's RODT, Lou Backroach. The 50's name. So the best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. Force Radio 560. You A-O-I-S. The bonus pattern of since fearlessly the has won the Tachrain 9-0-0 to have to look for Motion Squad. Instead, we listen to the new Roger's parent and balance went to 2 hours. The show made. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. Being this is for you, Roger S. The best talent to be this is for you. The best talent to be this is for you, Roger S. Still not meant to take some money on public education- Iraq. On Sunday, Bush said we've never said we've never been in state of course. White House constantly den Bartlett, this is how I believe look at yesterday. But in a radio interview with Sean Hannity, the offensive Secretary of Ramosville confirmed the Bush administration is not planning the shift any strategy. Ramosville called, meet your reports about Bush's reversal nonsense, instead of course, Bush is not backing away from staying the course. He said the current stern was that it gave a bonus to the chance to say, well, he's not willing to make adjustments and of course, the opposite is true. Well, what I just saying, Samantha, he's made it back into a corner. And so they're just playing semantical games. Okay. Is that a surprise? No, 14 hundred and seventy four votes. I think by the bottom, they are will have fifteen hundred. After that, it'll be all gravy will be sloppin a gravy on there. What would that be great? Yeah, makes it don't man. This song, I'll tell you one thing about this audience, you know, and what about we try to tell you over the years? Don't judge the audience by the colors. Oh, no. I mean, you know, when I'm on, you can't judge you audience by the colors because there aren't any right. But in years past, people would say, oh, gee, what kind of people isn't a bad show? And any hear some, ah, ah, ah, ah, and he liked that. Because when Bush comes to shove, and it comes through for us, I'll tell you the rest of the sports nerds, if they came to for their people, like our people come through for us, people, or there are just many of those people. Because there's no people like show people. And there's those sports people like, I don't know, aren't as many sports people as somebody's folks think they're out. That's all they're all in here inside this building. We always said that. We always said that there were certain day parts when the only people listening were, in fact, when the fan went on, remember that? Mm-hmm. The only people they had listening were inside our building. That's right. I wouldn't be surprised if you have the people listening to the ticket right now inside our building. Only, especially in the day, but we're not talking about sports and voting about the dolphins. What we're going to do, they stake on the kids, all this embarrassment and the panthers goal-tending really sucks. And all of you know, first you just reach a saturation point, you know what I mean? Do I? This comes up point in your life or hopefully. What do I do? See, there you go. Oh my god. And that's scary. Yeah, scared me. 1477. I bet I bet you any minute now we're going to get to that 50-hundred mark in the audience out there. They're probably having like an orgy. A whole town is like going to explode any second. 1478 now they're coming in by the pouring in by the ones aren't you thrilled? Yeah, thrilled. Maybe they'll drag it out. Automated calls from political campaigns across America are generating controversy reports national journals technology daily. But the robocalls have not exactly provided some candidates and close races with a kind of attention they need heading in November right to Michael Martinez. Michael Martinez in the guy's name ends in Z. Although the classification as political speech exempts them from the national do not call registry against the monotone marketing, robocalls have generated bad publicity for some of the campaigns that have used them. The article uses the example of Democrat Larry Grant challenging Republican Bill Sally for the open Idaho first district see. Bill says don't call me Sally. Earlier this fall contains about automated calls swore among potential voters who are receiving information about grant by phone rights Martinez. Who's name ends in Z. Some of the complaints were directed to grants office grants campaign did not make the calls though the national Republican congressional committees have some responsibility for the robocallion operation and move that the grant campaign called a desperation measure by the GOP. Robocallion is roughly in the Feders. Another racist to this past week, complaints surfaced in Michigan about automatic calls of a critical ag governor Jennifer Granhol, Moose and a tight race with their Republican challenge who addictive us. The calls contain slightly vulgar language that some of we see have been found offensive. Maybe they said crap. You know no crap. Campaign laws that Michigan don't require the senators of robocalls to identify them. So a group calling itself Michigan working families took responsibility for the messages at the end of the recordings. The Michigan Republic party has of course denied any involvement of course. Automated calls have also been used to raise awareness about ballot initiative. Senator resulimate Clinton recently lent her voice to calls in California against a proposal to require minor seeking abortions. Number five their parents are getting waivers from a judge. You getting any robocalls? No of course we don't answer our home phone anymore. Oh there is a quasi-model. The soon to be former speaker of the house. Fourteen. What was that a spectacular year? Don't remember it. That's here that Christopher Columbus was something around looking for the queen. Hold where you're 12. Yeah I got news for her. I was able to find a queen. Oh master and he was I heard. 14.86. We're given that 15 and we're like I said before the bottom of the are and after that man was just pilot on you know just run up the score. Just stick it right down there is trotes. Baker signals US exit from Iraq. Do we care about that now? Here's what we care about you were talking to this about this this morning. For the show about the Republicans want Hillary badly. Oh yeah. Yeah. A lot there the thing Hillary is the her. He's going to be the one and all wait. You better start thinking again. Okay. Because all eight you won't be so great. Here's the kiss of death. Vice President Dictany said yesterday he thinks Senator Hillary Rodden could win the presidency. He said Barack Obama might be viewed by voters as two inexperienced. Cheney handy can't be an Democratic field of potential candidates. And if you would consider it a talk show host the anxious the repulsive Sean Hannity. I think Hillary Clinton is a formidable candidate. Cheney said this is a question the same man who said that the insurgency in Iraq was in its winning days. He would never lie to us. I think she could win. I hope she doesn't. I disagree with her nearly all the issues. But nobody should have their underestimated her. She's a very serious candidate for president says dick. Cheney said Obama and Illinois Democrat was an attractive guy. Don't know him well. Madam a few times. I think at this stage my initial take on him was he's been two years as a senator. I think people want one little more experienced than that given the nature of the times we live in. But certainly he's an attractive candidate. If he decides to run he'll be a player on the Democratic side. I never thought he was very attractive. He's got big ears. Obama said something he's considering a run for president in 2000. Backing off previous statement said he wouldn't do so. He left the door open. He looked a little crack. As for himself Cheney said he wouldn't budge from his off state decision. He will not run for president. It's firm final fixed irrevocable. The vice president said I don't know how to say that if I'm a little much for that chance, you lie and sack a grant. Cheney also said he was optimistic about Republican hope is in the November 7 elections. I think we'll hold the House and the Senate he said. He always called the like voice said the same thing. What are they expected to say? From adoptive me while time magazine report that David Banda's father says he won't try to win the boy back. Time now for a check in the forecast and B. C. Weather.. It's just it's happening. And you just can't It's like a joke by watching a Saturday night live sketch. It's so far beyond anything that you can even comprehend. The fact that she is actually on the air there. A person who cannot speak is a broadcaster. And we like somebody who's had their vocal cords surgically removed. But let's put you on to do the six o'clock news. You might explain that sounds. What's that? Persona thinks he's at a vocal cords surgically removed. Maybe just a little scratch. And the fact that there are people who watch it and take it seriously. No, I'm not. The more distressing, the more distressing. Oh, you have some of those fanchers and how's why? That I do not believe. Much of they love her. Of course, I guess they got her sent to a conference. So they got a pair. So they figured those stickers are asked on her somewhere. Plus, he saw a tractor. She must have the pictures. 14.95, wow, plus tax. When we come back after this break, we're going to have over 50 hundred votes. And they're going to be, if you would open up the door downstairs and run across the street, out of this little Iv's Dury and the middle of the 441, you're going to hear screaming in hysteria going on. What we get to 50 hundred votes. Because they think they're making inroads here in midday. And now, of course, that the other, that new station, which, you know, that's one of the most mysterious things. If you look on that website, it's kind of like they don't know what they got on it. The biggest name, the best talent for this is the overall. Nice guys, almost. We're going to be on our 205-60 view. And then... Thank you, baby. The father of the one-year-old Malaurian boy. Pretty nervous, it's over. I'm a donor. So he's happy. He's son is escaping. Public aid. Local officials say the pop star pants would drop the child while she's in the country. Physically a project that she funds for aid filters. Relative service shop, and I have some guy who she are to adopt David Bander. Maybe they have been confusion with the name Donna. Donna is a local real perfect woman and Madonna. The star. I've still got things I want to do. There's I want to say. You know, people want to hear it and not scream. When you know the way the other night, The material bills she wants to get, Who's from another nation. The red dice felt that it was right. Since Brad and Angelina, The red and Dana, the red and the red dice. I've always felt that my kids are around the world. They live just because of the day. Shopping for a kid and spending money like our baby. Sure. Guy to the dinner at 6 to say. Hey, there's one, there's waiting just for you. It doesn't matter that one of the world's richest stings is adopted. It's a fashion month old boy. We go through the 10th rubber, we don't breathe. On top of the four, we come and have the car. We go the way to go. The top name is a casual thing. I was going to be just another one of the stupid people who were going to be in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. I was going to be a little bit more in the middle of the day. The gigantic wave of liberal talk just flooding the airways. What a joke. Yeah, I'll break your news. There's Senator Barbara Boxer of California. What's he talking about? In terms of 2700 plus Americans headed to our 2800 if we haven't already passed this, plus 20,000 and more severely damaged and injured. Enough is enough. enough. Tell us how we're going to get out of Iraq and do it in a way with the Iraqi field. Yes, we have made the sacrifice. I had a lot on their president, Bush, Mark's Democrats for dancing in the end zone. Huh, sounds like a racial thing to me. Fish is still not a healthy choice. So, and this is from the Providence Journal. Are you fish sometimes? Ooh, what about you, John? You a fish guy? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like trout. Ocean fish mostly. The amount of the trout my time. Lots of mercury. It's a wopper of a fish during. Unfortunately, it says here some consumers are swallowing it. Hope line in sicker. For years, a fishing industry has worked over time to persuade Americans to ignore well-founded concerns about mercury and other pollutants in fish. Now the industry is having a new report commissioned by the National Oceanic and Amnestyrlic Administration as more evidence that fishes a healthy food. But as a physician and nutritionist, we are deeply skeptical of the industry's spin campaign. This is written by hope for dozy and MV. Public health specialists would be physicians committee for responsible medicine and Susan Levin was a PCR-Mnutritionist. It says, heart disease can be worded off by wise food selections, but fish is not an optimal choice. High levels of metal mercury or ganochlorines, polychlorinated PCBs, and other environmental toxins accumulate in fish. These toxins are known with a fact nervous system development, the immune system, heart health, bone integrity, and pregnancy outcomes. All of these. All of these things. Even those of endure fish consumption readily admit that contamination is a pervasive problem. The NOAA Commission report for example contains a complicated flow chart, noted in that contaminants in seafood very according to local conditions. In truth, fish consumption is already Americans' primary source of exposure to mercury, a potent neurotoxinic and arm developing fetuses. Some of the most polluted species such as albokor tuna are also among the most popular with consumers. Some of the most polluted species such as albokor tuna. Did you get that? I got it. No more tuna. The risk are especially acute for certain populations. A new study links fish consumption among pregnant women who increased risk of premature birth. The pregnancy outcomes and community health study conducted by researchers at Harvard and Michigan State showed that mercury levels in maternal hair were higher when fish consumption was increased. Women who delivered, as I think, 70s people don't know, mercury from the Uranus. Women who delivered preterm were three times likely to have had mercury levels in their hair at an ador above the 90th percentile compared with those who delivered at term. For opponents to fetish consumption is a bone cardiovascular health. That's because some species contain omega-3 fatty acids, which may help gut against heart disease. But fish are also surprisingly high in cholesterol on artery-clogging saturated fat, which accounts for 15 to 30 percent. Not third man. A fish fat. Tinnok salmon, for example, to rise 55 percent of its calories from fat. Don't be a shnook and eat chinook. And some species are higher in cholesterol than steak. Only part of the fat and fish is omega-3, much of the remaining fat is saturated. Maybe that's a good idea to take those omega-3, 6, 9 vitamins like I do every morning and have for years. Maybe that's why I'm still alive. That raises an important question. It says why not avoid fish and obtain omega-3 fats from walnuts or other healthy plant sources, which have no cholesterol or methyl mercury. In fact, the new study in the American Journal of Cardiology shows that adding walnuts to a high fat meal reduces negative changes in arteries. Walnuts, walnuts increase the elasticity in flexibility of the arteries by 24 percent for those with high cholesterol. Like walnuts, okay? I like cashews better. Me too. It would also be prudent to consider that there may be no significant benefit of consuming a diet, high in omega-3s. A recent review in the British medical journal found that no evidence to support the assertion that eating oily fish improves heart health. In fact, to review found the consumption of omega-3 fats does not have a clear effect on heart health or survival. But there's a well-supported way to guard against heart disease of wood animal products. Uh-oh. You know what this sounds like to me? Sounds like Tida? Uh-oh. In 2003 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association showed that vegetarian diet's lower cholesterol levels almost as powerfully as cholesterol lowering drugs, those awful statin drugs, which I won't take by the way. People who consume plant-based diets tend to be slumber than meat eaters and they experience lower rates of heart disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, another life-threatening condition linked to overweight obesity. Have a bunch of kale, man. Sit down, eat some seaweed. It says, no surprise, the fishing industry wants to sell Americans more fish, but savvy consumers will think twice before taking the bait. Don't get hurt. Don't get hooked on the chinook, okay? Okay. Or you'll be dying over it. I can't even stand the smallest fish. Oh, oh, like those outdoor markets have talked about this as it is. Yeah, well, that's supposed to smell like that. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, that's supposed to smell like that. Yeah, okay. That's the rock or roach smell. Like a rose garden, like short beans, like pansies? Oh, just like pansies. Oh. Have a wedding number 18. Or Tom catches a tiny wedding. Oh, it's a quite a banana. That's what I'm sending them. I'm sending them 50 bananas. Tom catches wedding my ass. Oh, who is? I didn't confirm that. And you see, you sort of majestic. Right. Like one of those very, very beautiful areas towards your harmonious design. You heard gone for her fake marriage to Tom. What are what is boyfriend thinks about that? Anyway, let me tell you right now if your carpentry is a must see and believe you me, they are because you're walking on them. Your dogs are doing all kinds of things on them and you're can't say all kinds of things are slithering around in there that you can't see. Get your carpets clean just like brand new with my friends from dry concepts. I've been using them for 21 years. They never let you down. They do a fantastic job. They dry clean your carpets, which means they suck out even the deep down dirt in the five of your carpets, which makes them stay clean or longer, last longer. And look and smell just like brand new. Let me fresh. And they're drying a couple of hours too. So it's not about those deals where your carpets are soggy all any half the way days for them to dry. You can't beat it. And don't forget, dry concepts is also got to plan to make frequent cleaning easy. It's just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning. And speaking of cost, they give you written during T-Price upfront before they start their fabulous job too. You'll ever have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts. And Broward Column at 954, 370778, tell them that old troll Neal told you to call the old man. 954, 3707778, and David Palm Beach, column tall free, 1-800-248-571, 1-800-248-571 for dry concepts. No, figure's name. So best challenge to the faces for your rockers for Shredio 560-Jogo. And... For her, Neal Gibson surrounded by questions about alcohol and anger. But also questions about anti-symmatism and the words that incited outrage after an explosive public drama. We interview Mel Gibson at his office. Can you back to that moment as you remember it? Okay. Were you drinking from the open bottle of tequila in the park? Yes. I had a couple of slugs in. Do you know how many? 20. I read to him the officers account or the words he used that night. Explosive Jews. And the Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world. Yeah. I do not believe tequila can turn an unbiased person into a raging anti-symmite. Look, let me be real clear here in the surprise incident here. Some of you national television that I believe that Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world. You still believe in a challenge? Absolutely. I hate you and I want you to die. Coming up. That's a great moment. I'll call her off. Oh yeah. I have to get loaded again. 1528 at 560-Jogo. That's our total unemployment. We are pretty outweigh mighty proud of that. I think I might just take the rest of the week off. This is celebrate then. What do you think? Rest of the year off. Don't do it. Former UN Chief weapons inspect your Hans Wix. Today describe the US law invasion of Iraq as a pure failure then it left the country worse off than under the dictatorial rule of Saddam Hussein. There's never a lot of us have been saying. Yeah. Hans. And on usually harsh comments to the English newspaper Politic and the Democratic swede, the diplomatic swede said the US government ended up in a situation in which neither staying nor leaning Iraq for good options. Iraq is a pure failure of Bush was quoted the same at Hans Wix. If the Americans pull out there's a risk that they'll leave a country in civil war at the same time it doesn't seem that the US can help stabilize the situation by staying there. More related violence in Iraq has grown worse with dozens of it. It has been a official's in place and security forces have been killed every day. The highest monthly total of American soldiers in October and the month so that almost a week to go. It looks to the situation would have been better off if the war had not taken place. Saddam would still have been sitting in office. Okay, that's a negative. And it would not have been a joyful for the Iraqi people. But what we've gotten to is undoubtedly worse he was quoted the same. List of the U.S. inspectors at search for those weapons and measures trucked in Iraq before the US invasion in 2003 he came under heavy fire from Washington when he urged U.S. President Bush to allow the weapons and inspectors and the I.A.A.A. to continue the work as a way to stay off the war. Ultimately the U.S. had co-washed and invaded Iraq and how many weapons and destruction were found? You go, Hans. You go, boy. Are you going, boy? Are you going, public? Focus on those issues versus the wrong. Well, Rita, I think all brother. It is scary. Yeah. You know that the world must be coming to an end when you turn her when she's actually on TV on the satellite all over the world. It's gotta be the N.A.'s must be coming her very close. What are the signs? It's in the Bible. Rebellion. Her picture is in there. A major effort to throw the T.O.s in black suddenly Republican Party, a central element of the GOP planned to build a long lasting majority is to endanger a collapse in an anger over the immigration debate and claims that Republican leaders have not delivered on promises to direct more money to church-based social services. President Bush's challenges, Carl Rovon, other top Republican leaders, have wooed Latino and black leaders. Many of them evangelical clergy who lead large congregations and hopes of peeling away the traditional Democratic base. They want all the Getskis. It's not good enough for them. They got the Anglo Getskis. They want all the other Getskis too. But not some of leaders who help Bush win in 2004 are revisiting their loyalty to the Republican Party. In some cases, abandoning it. There is a fisher and I doubt it'll be closed in this election, said the Reverend Lewis Cortez Jr. Luis. A Republican who found to be annual National Hispanic Prayer Breakfast at a featured Bush Air Vierce in 2002. It's filled with all the evased Esperanza USA, Boston National Effilion Network, a more than 10,000 churches. The Latino back crashes grown so intense that one problem, typically, pro Republican organization, the Latino coalition has endorsed Democrats and committed voices this year in Tennessee, Nebraska and New Jersey. The coalition is cheered by Hector Barato, the former administrator of the SBA, the Small Business Administration under Bush. Its president is a former strategist for the Republican National Committee. The disaffection comes as Republicans face a challenge in building enthusiasm for the upcoming election among white evangelicals and other conservatives who have been the core of the GOP's losses in the November Senate Congressional election, and may undercut the party's goal of keeping the presidency in 2008. The Latino coalition, for example, is endorsed a presumed Democratic presidential firm runner, slowly in her reelection bid this year. Complaints among black pastors have been quoted by the White House, while this pronounced the news of Latino leaders have been fueled by that tell all book by former White House eight-day with Klo. The book says that Bush referring to passes from one major African American donomination once gripped money. All these guys care about as money they want money. The White House spokesman said Friday that nobody there recalled overhearing such a comment from the president. The Reverend Eugene River is a Boston Pentecostal minister and one of about two as in black clergy invited with series of White House meetings with Bush said Friday that black leaders have been ruled with assurances that their social service groups have received money from the president's faith-based initiative. But River said the buck of the money have gone to white organizations leaving black churches on the sidelines while the Democrats were dancing in the inzone. I see. Dancing in the inzone. Yeah, yeah. Wow. What the hell does that mean? This mom, we're at the store selling popcorn for a troop fundraiser. When the man grabbed a boy's money and ran off the community helping bread and recoup his losses through donations out terrible. Oh, how terrible. Really? You tell him, honey. What a joke. And you wonder why most of the American people are like, like that. Chris, thank goodness, most of the American people are watching this bitch. Fifteen hundred and thirty one votes on a poll. You know, we should have gone for sixteen. Shut up. And see, easy to say now. You know, you said a goal and then you're like way beyond it. And he said, oh, we shouldn't just gone to settle for fifteen. We should have gone for sixteen. But we've better not play that. Fifteen. Why? We can't play anything anymore. We apologize again for the fact that we can't play anything that might be even slightly amusing or sexually related or having to do with organs or whatever. You've been a hit the war against play this. You know, we can play that a lot. And so we can play a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a sort of a worse code. And in fact, you know what I said, let's get right down there. Let's have a happy family, you know. Let's see if we can't just give those fractions like some of the other day, parts are got now. How about the golf? Now I'm not talking about that. And let's let's for the right of the fall book for this. Let's play that. All day. We can get it down to a point nine. And what's it about? We'll show it into a kind of like. Fifteen, thirty one. What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world? Spend money on crap. Four hundred and forty nine. Although you'll be amazed to know that Americans are exporting crap and a very, very rapid rate. And they crap you didn't get in America. You're going anywhere in the world. Oh, there's some of that American crap. Stay stupid. Two sixty eight. The now reality. Two, two, two, two. Make war. 130. Kill. 11. Kill people. To loot ninety five. Ways time. 60. Movies. 57. Screw forty seven. You'll in now. Party slash getting. 32. Lye twenty four. Medicine twenty one. Drive badly ten. And I hate this pool. But that is a shocker, isn't it? Yeah, well, all the haters already voted. Now, seriously, only five point three percent out of fifty nine thirty four votes. Which means we're really making some serious inroads, dual the audience is making a big comeback. Sway till that August disappears for them. Remember, last year they had that one month, I think it was April of 2005 when they had a big 18 to 34. They had a few wired diaries of some crap. Oh, that's going to be our demo. We're going to kick in and all of a sudden, you know, that disappeared. So we may not have much of a story here 20 hours that they let me tell you that. That's an understanding. But they got, uh, what's that August drop? So I think that no story. No, they know. The biggest name. I like that one. Oh, it's going. Oh, rock my business. For 20. 20. Oh. And. But. Let's do this. Never watched his hair or seen to have a care. Oh, baby. His name was Kurt. Now he's pushing up dirt. Oh, baby. My finger from his chin. Do in heroin. Oh, baby. No, but it was hot. And now is Kurt. They ain't got. Oh, baby. He got hot, sick, good, bad, and he died. Oh, baby. Made a minute, hour never took a shower. Oh, baby. He's a number one hit in heaven. Big much hit. Kobe. He'll be felted to king as a grunt with my thing. Kobe. So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's ways out. Kobe. He got hot, sick, good, bad, and he died. Kobe. I just had a good idea for a great new format. WDED all day artists. Excellent. Then radio. Well, we can relate to that some parts of somebody. Yeah, the dead air chef. 1542 votes on a pool. Man, it is overpowering. It is impressive. I'm going to put like a little note in my shoe. 1542 rhymes with shoe and do. They got my shoes on. I retorted that convenience to operators. 7 11 Inc is telling franchises to full of high caffeine. Green from a shelves because of the products name. That's why I just played that in case you have it for you. I'm not sure that, uh, cocaine. You can't be drinking no cocaine. All I thought things went better with coke. Yeah. You stirred in there. The company acted after getting complaints from parents of teens who are a big part of the drinks target audience. Our merchandise in team believes the products name promotes an image which we don't want to be associated with, said, Margaret Shabriss, a spokeswoman for 7 11. Chambers were just plain brist. Cokane comes in red cans with an impelion and what our mentor resembles lines of white powder. According to the label, each 8.4 fluid ounce can contains 280 milligrams of caffeine. More drugs than a cup of coffee, a can of Coca-Cola or a lady energy drink red bull, but no cocaine of course. The drink is made by redox beverages in Las Vegas with markets to there's the legal alternative. Hannah Kirby, the company's managing partner, said 7 11 stores didn't account for many cells of the drink. It hits shells in New York and California notice and is now available in more than a half dozen states. Mostly in mom and pop convenience and liquor stores. Get liquored up and then drink a little cocaine. This isn't the first time cocaine has been yanked. Some stores in the York area pulled the drink after local politicians complain. It's all part of the company's plan to stand out in the fast growing energy drink market. We knew the name was going to be provocative, said Kirby, who has been james created the drink. Kirby said the company wasn't glorifying an illegal drug in the eyes of its young customers. Kids understand that difference between a controlled substance and an energy drink. She said, Chagris, the 7 11 spokeswoman said that Dallas based chain is recommending that franchisees not stocked the drink. Chagris said it vendor that isn't recommended by 7 11 dropped the product off its own stores in Northern California. She said she didn't know how many stores carried it. 7 11 stores sell other energy drinks which nutritionist Warren can cause caffeine and sugar highs, followed by crashing lows among kids who can sit in. Sometimes several in a row. Researched in Chicago reported this month they saw surprising behind our work cases of caffeine abuse over the past three years, including 12% of required hospital treatment. The average age of the victim is was 21. They're owed being on caffeine baby. Maybe they're star-bucking it, you think? That's possible. Because if you start star-bucking, then you do after that. Right. You start-bucking. What? Shucking? Yeah. And driving. And ongoing satellite radio study from bridge ratings says that while sales of satellite radio has been slow, in-store foot traffic for satellite radio has actually picked up. Or isn't today today that what day was it? I'm not talking about that. Sorry. I don't care. The set is true. Retail sales, TRS, continued to be sluggish. The retail activity for RxM this week showed hints of recovery, but not of the expensive serious. Virgil also said that instead of using a conducted at retail locations, renewals among current satellite subscribers continue to reside just under 50% while Howard Stern motivated sales remain stagnant. Oh, Stephen, that could be why they're doing a two-way APR thing. Is it? However, current consumer attitudes about satellite radio are significantly improved over the pre-Holiday shopping working 2005. If these attitudes are turned to white, so it'll be heavier over the next six weeks, the satellite radio industry may be able to improve on the year's disappointing growth curve. If this does not happen, the holiday shopping season may not be enough to generate sales comparable last year. Third quarter results now show the satellite radio industry just over 12 million subscribers has varied. The original forecast of 1.2 million fourth-quarters subscribers may be trimmed if holiday marketing efforts are more sluggish than 2005. Based on the third quarter, bridge ratings also has reduced to zero-day projections for satellite radio. Now estimates that S.M. will end year with 7.7 million subscribers and serious with 5.9 million. Bridge also estimates the original industry projections will increase in total 2006 satellite subscriptions of 6 million. We'll not be closer to 4.5 million. With serious maintaining a 60% share of this year, with 2.7 million new subscribers compared to S.M.s. 1.7 million. By years and satellite radio, 13.5 million subscribers will represent approximately 4.5% of the US population pretty slim. No, a question. That's what a narrow casting like doing sports talk. I talked about baseball cards 20 hours a day. You know, we're like talking about coin collecting, new mathematics. How about the collectible station? Wouldn't that be great? We could have Mr. Eagle on with Norma Kenton. They could not come out baseball cards. Sure. I can talk about collecting stances of kids. Bottle caps. Megiora. Roll-o-O-O-Z. Megiora. The 100-Hungary. Megiora something. And Poland, Totska, Polska. I'll see when you have to stand from all those foreign countries, man. You got a little, got to speak a little bit like Chinquatabanani like that. Seriously, if I ever see those people there again, I'm going to yell out. I'm just peeking. I'm not a Jelamazeria. I was the only words I know. I'd like, you know, all you have to go online and learn to do it. I have learned to comprehend ones. I'm going to yell at them out right now. Like Bob O'Blaxhape or Bob O'Lou. 1551. You know, we would have made this 16. If Joshua had just been a little more optimistic at the beginning of the show at the GIFGO. I have been there. It'll blame me. I've been one. Optimistic. About what? It was hoping for a 1600 piece. 1600 piece? Yeah. We got your piece. I'm going to think of that. Dead artist station. Sure. You got three to four beetles or dead. Yeah. I'm going to start my disvolving. Okay. It's not going to show you there's no guide. George Harrison is dead. John Lennon, Paul McCartner. What am I saying? They're two of the four dead. Right. That was wishful thinking about Ringo. Ringo's ever stole a freight train. Why are you talking here? Because he was ugly and schmutzie. And couldn't and had no talent. Okay. What was his talent? He was a great drummer. Is that what you saying? So he was a drummer. I don't know if he was a drummer. Okay. That was a great talent. And he was a drummer. I don't know if he was a drummer. I don't know if he was a drummer. Okay. It's enough of that. Didn't Ringo remake that? He ripped that off. It ripped that off. It's 16. Did he do that? He did that. I was playing it the back of it. I guess he'd be here. I was trying not to hear. I don't want to hear no Ringo's star. So, Comer Creti still alive, how can you tell? You don't look at him. Oh no thanks to Heather. Yeah. He still followed that artist all the time. What are these two guys with that? Okay, that's good enough. You know, like my four WDED, all the, all-death radio. And the doors on there, Jim Morrison. Yeah. Pasty, Patsy Klein. You see, what make indifference? Whether it's like rock or C and W. This is all there's to do. That's a good qualification. Play a lot of two pack? Right. Well, not too much. How about a six pack of work cocaine? 153 a QM. We shouldn't be talking like this because we got that young person. Curtis Danny, but we don't have the mad dog. We're real perfect. We got Curtis. Come on up at two. I guess mad dog's on vacation the rest of the week, huh? Maybe he wouldn't have to meet you again. Not a good time to be doing it. The biggest day. So, the best challenge to the faces. We all rock your rest. Force radio 560. You, A, M.