Alright, time to bring me a lens. I'm a little chilly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, good calm by Michael Mayo today. Really? Yeah. What's about time? What he read about? You know, how the legislature, how the legislature, how the legislature, how he's even alive, Michael Mayo. How the legislature's drag is feet, how the Indian tribes have been benefiting, and that they should have been operating by now. Well, you know, something, it's partly the legislature, but the society of Permeatuals, they also dragged your feet out. If I would have been able to be in court the second after that thing passed. It's been 19 months since Florida has passed. That's right. In addition to which the bosos over a day in the high lie, you see how well we don't, we're not doing anything yet. See that yesterday's story? Yeah. Well, what are they waiting for? They were hot to try it. They were on a bandwagon there. Or they wait not. I guess they need to build the facility. But they're not doing anything, yeah. It's difficult for it to manage the particular day lady to dollar short. Don't start me in about those slots, man. Not today. Oh, I'm going to tell you something seriously. This is one of the great scandals, and of course, we'll all be dead if we talk about it. But this business of, we'll go on an every casino in anywhere where they have some machines. And I guess it probably is only the progressive video, the ones that are hooked together, but probably not. Because with the computerization that they have today, they put these babies on programs, on timers, and the computer room. Sitting there for hours playing a dead machine, it's a fraud. It's like trying to think of a good comparison. But it's just impossible. They're just not going to pay it. It's what happened to me again yesterday. And of course, like a schmuck instead of walking out, running out, screaming. I just stayed there too long. Shoulda run out. And everybody's getting like, all agitated, and what's going on here? You know, it just goes on. It's impossible. It's like the Joe Belsen room. He's got slots. No, he's got a slot all right. Meow. Brachton, he's really doing it. I'm seeing him lightly. Really? Why should I hope he isn't sick or something? Oh, man. And I understand we got a new salesman. A sales guy. It's about two feet tall, who's like a male counterpart to the water Nazi. That's the room where I'm here. He's about two feet tall and tops like this. You know, he had to make a real good, first impression when he goes to call on accounts. Oh, great. We got bread, who's the more Howard David of Sales. We got service, baby. We got some real issues. And I sent a skiing thing emailed to my earth while Agent attorney ferry this morning. And he just don't respond. He's like, got a touch. If he can't call him, hassle me on the phone for 40 minutes when I have learned and tried to sink and speak, he just don't want to be bothered. What a loser. He's going to do this. And he's going to do that. And he's going to make what Joe Belsen. He's got out of, yeah. Right. The chickens are going to pee too. I told you this didn't go to be flood. Everybody's chickens are going to be floods. Good about bird flu. It's going to be massive flooding all over the world. As the birds start peeing up the storm. So I told you that horse wasn't going in the bell, huh? He's not burning a deenie. Well, out. They're lucky. You'll need it. How many people just think going to be watching that race? Fuck, dude. Man. A lot of a lot. But Barbara is up and around. He's okay. He's walking around. And they said, this still, you know, the vertice still out. And they're sending flowers and candy and fruit. I guess that's the between American Idol and his Barbara will make it. Those are the two things America is worried about today. I've never watched American Idol. Neither refined or whatever. Nor do I read any articles about it. But I see all these big blasting headlines in the news, a cancer all over the place. It just makes me want to gag 65 million people voted for this latest to wherever it is. 65 million. That's the almost as many as you get in your daily polls. Hello. No comment. No comment. You get a lot of the. You get a lot of response. Not good. People like to have their say phasing the phone calls out. Man, I'm making a big change here. These last two and three quarter years. I'm making some big changes. I would not have this current regime. They're they're they're clueless. I don't want your contract. Like I said, that what I just say. One half year. One half year. They got about two and a half years to go. And now that you mentioned it. Actually, if you take those summers out of there, you know, you know, you're going to have to go to the future of two years. Because the summers kind of cut it down pretty drastically. Which starts in less than three weeks. By the way, that summer schedule. I can't wait for that. There are a lot of George Monday. Wednesday and Friday. It'll be cross an over with George three days away. Okay. Give me a good chance to get out there early in the day. Get my money back. Yes. Yeah. Oh, my god. You know what I'm talking about. You don't because you know, play the slots. But if you didn't know seriously, I gave you that assignment a long time ago. You know, you're not a guy in anybody, especially people in Vegas. You got to find for me somebody that works in a company. It wasn't not anymore. But once worked in a computer room in the last few years. And he's a casino's. And I want to find out the real skinny on that whole thing with a slots. Because I know that they run different programs. And all they got to do is press a button and they go on what I call the coma mode, which is like, where it's somehow related to the Commode. Yeah. That's where it sends you right to the Commode. Because you're punching at button in your bang and in Clang and shove in the money through there, you might as well take a match and have a good Bonfire. You're playing the dead piece. You know, it's like it's like betting on a horse that's not trying to win the race. You have no chance. I like the name they have for Bush governor. You have by hate gambling except for the lottery. I keep growing bush. Yeah. Well, the good news is that the NFL isn't going to wait for him. He's not going to. I mean, what was that? That was the door. That story was B. Yeah. Commiture the NFL. That was never Henry considered. You're in the head of the soccer team. You know what? You know what that was about. Pat Rooney who's, uh, owns the dog track up the Palm Beach. His brother is, you know, owns the Steelers. And he, I think he said to him. He, uh, and he's also, you know, doing the helping with the search for a new commissioner. Should I give you a name to Dan Rooney? That's what that story was about. So naturally two or three reporters. That's what he was name to Mickey Rooney. Two or three people take that and, you know, run with it like it's a real deal. It's the very jackass school of journalism. Right. There you go. It's the South Florida F. and way is what it is. Yeah. The grandfather of the bogus story. The grandfather of the peanut butter and baloney sandwich. He specialized in the baloney part. That's for sure. That was, that was one of the classic days of my life. And he, he, walled stuff to me a person here for it here. That was just, it was just shocking. Shocking. He was everything I expected him to be and then some. He admitted it. I, I mean, I mean, a lot of things you say about me. I true. Well, what do thing to say to somebody, you know? I should have said, yeah, I can see that. And I just threw the Toronto sun out of my city. I've ever read the sun's sports section. I said, here, see what a real sports page is like. He didn't know whether his scream or peel his banana. Jackass. Well, at least he goes up to his name anyway. So haven't seen Joe Bellaron. How maybe he's looking for a new gig? Because he sure ain't cutting it in this one. I'll tell you that. I don't know where he's been. Anybody else seen Joe? Joe, who? Joe Mama. He's your mama. Joe Mama. No, seriously. Anybody see any sightings? Recently, or see like, go. We have so many salespeople here. They have to rent out the stadium for their meeting. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they have the meetings at P.P. Park up the street. How about those marlins? They swept. They finally found a team crappy nothing swept him. How do you like them? They're bad. That is shocking. Cubs of lost 21 and the last 27 games. Good for them. Now, we know why Harry Crowe. He realized it was time to go. Yeah. Well, you were a cubs fan at one time. Yeah, thanks to him. And then, now they really, now they really put the nail in the coffin. And a lot of people I talked to who used to watch the cubs games. I mean, even after he died, who was still some interest there in the broad and chip carry and Steve Stone, there was some still some sloppover, but now that they fired everybody, out of the set of peak and come to find out that the guys that were ripping them in an ass didn't were right. The cubs suck. But they couldn't handle that so they bring a land cast for from the marlins who's about as exciting as they is. He's one level up from Dave and boring really weak. Although not nearly as bad as a guy that rich, well, sky. That's scandalous. You know, only a only in South Florida could somebody that bad be on the air pretending to be a professional sportscaster and just get away with it. So I think he's simple to do an adult thing games. That's right. I forgot he's your buddy. Hey, Jimmy. Terrible. It's just awful. So they lost 3.5 million on the dolphin games last year. How much do you think they've been losing this year? I know we're going to lose a million and a half on the marlins of this scuttled but I'm here. I guess probably about the same. So they're 3.5 million. Yeah. Well, good. And then South Florida business girl can write another big tough piece until everybody how great your old fine birds doing with that he's money and how they're making a, making a, making a, making a, making a while of sunshines with the dolphin broadcast. Just amazing what's swill passes for truth in South Florida. And basically the reason that happens is because nobody gives a crap about any of it. Anyhow, nobody cares about anybody's accountable. There is no, that's right. There's no passion for anything. I guarantee a man if they, if they passed a bill and legislate your outlaw in the early bird dinner, you'd have old farce riding, maybe throw, maybe they'd be squeezing their collars me bags all over the streets. Blocking traffic. I'm telling you. They'd be taking their walkers and, you know, attacking each other with it. That's a great idea. They're really burdened. That's about the only kind of thing in South Florida or rather any passion. Neil, can I have a one the mug? But why miss those days? Oh yeah. They wouldn't know a wonder mug from Wonder Woman. They had no idea what it was, but they knew it was free and they wanted one. Can I have a one the mug, Neil? Oh, brother. The only good part of it is that all those people are dead. That's a good part. They're all pushing up daisies. We're still here. All those people used to give us all that crap all the time. Are you guys there, my thing? Yeah, right. They're all good now. And we're still from that our way along. Just take it to money, write to the bank and write to the track and write to the machines and the imperimutual windows and have a good time with it. Yep. It's way to do it. Or write to the shutters people. The one? Shotters. Hurricane show. Oh, Hurricane show. I already got mine. Thanks God. That's right. It's already next week. It's hurricane season. Yep. Another good reason to be out of Florida. Oh, it is so many. Let me count the ways. I'll be traveling a lot this summer. Really? Yep. In the paper this morning about terrorism would be a perfect fit for the World Cup. I sure. Frank for it's a good place. Blow that up. I hate Frank for it. That's a horrible place. Blow that up. Stata Berlin. But that's where the World Cup is. Well, it's also, and now it moves around. It's in different places. Frank for it. I don't know where else. Maybe a scoop guard. Colone. I actually have you ever been in Colone? No. No, boy. That's a beautiful place. That's great. You got to go to Colone on the train from like Amsterdam or wherever. Yep. And you get up to train the train station is just beautiful by itself. I got all these beautiful restaurants and shops at Spambiolis. And then you get walk out of there. You see the big, you know, how every city in Germany in Europe has got a big church. Yeah. And the dumb, the old church is right there right across the street from the train station. Just enormous. And then from there, all these beautiful glitzzy new shops. Great food. Not kind of good stuff. That's what you talk about. Brussels has beautiful churches. Really? Yeah. I'm with her, but I think I may go to Brussels. Brussels is a pretty good city. That's why I heard about two hours on the train from Amsterdam. That's correct. Well, I mean, we check that out. They got that Belgian chocolate there. I better stay away from that. That's from good restaurants there though. That's what I hear. Not the chocolate. I've ever friend of mine. I went to Brussels last few months ago when he went to London. In fact, we go to London now they go on that tube. You know, right? It was right across the English channel and you know anywhere you want. Yeah, taking that to Paris. Have you really? Yep. I don't know what to say. Like two hours. Two hours on the tube. Yep. Well, listen, I got a lot of fish to fry here today. We got to make up for yesterday. But that's right, you got to show it. Show you. Show you. Show you. Unfortunately. Yeah, my day at the joint yesterday started out bad and it went downhill from there. Oh, no baseball today. Thank God. No, actually we do have baseball today, but the bad news is we get a real screw in. Oh, it's on KAT. We're farming it out. It's so want to clock us the teens lost yesterday to Georgia Tech. And so their game of what a clock today is on AM 1360. But those people may tune in a lot of clock for the teens game. It's on 1360. It's on KAT. If you have a real good way to live near Alton, road you'll be able to hear it. Yeah, you know, or in your Bay Road over there on the beach. But we're Joe Fidou, staying on. Maybe that's for Joe Belsing. Yeah, Joe and Joe. You want to go here that you can. If you have a good place for him, I will sit live in. I will sit live in. He's not allowed over there. Those are the days man. Those were really the days. Too bad you missed out on him. We had quite the ever no Bob Allen ourselves man. Oh, yeah, very well. Professional Catholic professional motor day. No, David, the biggest herd of damn fan I remember. This son called me on year. A few years ago because Bob died a long time. Yeah. And then we had the neurotic sales guy. Boy, you talk about sales people. Holy, mowing. I always talked to remember the names of those guys. We had one guy used to be in a carpet selling business. He was one of our sales people. And then we had Mark O. G. the last day, Mama's just came to me. Mark, uh, tall guy would tell you, and of course everybody was Jewish. That's what Bob Allen used to hate. It's the Jewish station. Of course he was an order of name guys. Yeah, you figured that. The Jewish station. Too many Jews on it. Yeah. So the Jews and Russell and Craig Werding and Jim Alton. Hey, Jimmy. You fair. He's dead anyway. Well, listen, have a great day. You're true. Reminisive our KT. I think today. Team Teeblum. And know him. He was the other news guy with your freed. I thought you'd drive a joke. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he was. I was so bored. In fact, I met with the, I had lunch with Joe Fried at the, Is it the Miramar Diner? Is that the name of the place in Hellendale? The Miramar Diner. Joe, before he actually put the thing, finishing touches on hiring me. He wanted Joe to have lunch with me. So that Joe felt he had some, you know, saying hiring me in. Yeah. I had lunch at the, or make brunch or whatever, was it the Miramar Diner with Joe Fried? He's dead not too long, long, long since. Well, listen, have a great day. Yeah, you look. So it's about dead people anymore. It's just not, uh, that might be a fun. No. But at least it ain't us. Ask them on you on an annual. Don't need too much. Nope. The music stressed on the previous part of that time. We have a time for a jolly always. You're not reflectors. They've got to get a thousand advertisers for each of them. Hey, my one-time. Oh, my six feet. Oh, what's it? Oh, my god. It's not quite a thing. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Thank you, god. I love you. I'm having a jam fair with you. Let me do it. It's a great lesson. I'm going to do it. How many of you? I'm going to waste. I can't. I can't. I can't go laughing. I'm going to get sore so I can't hear. I'm going to be sorry. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I get sore. It's like a house of women. I can't say fabrics. It's not a thing. I can't. I can't. I can't. I've been brought home. I can't. I can't? I can't. I've been somewhere. I can't. Yeah. Its all over. Shut up. I was at the end of the day. What a misnets. What a whole field. You got to have to get a monthly meal now. You got to get a bit better if you want to. You got to have a monthly meal. That's it. Can you walk me? No, no, no. No, no. No, no. It's a test we see now. Ready, we better hop right into the break and get this rub. Maybe, maybe, come for it. Crank it up. Do you know the colonized clubhouse grill? Cool thing to do that to know. Mad Doggy colonized clubhouse grill. 47 this afternoon. A lot of activity of colonized. I'm a one. No, no, no. I was growing. Crank it in my line of seven. Curtis gave it to an eight. Any kids in a clubline. No ball game. Marlene's even day rest after a sweeping him cubs. If you love voting, get your ass out on the water. The smart way with our friends at club notico said a buying a boat. Wasting all that money. Call club notico at 1-800 boat rent right now. Why do you want to pay the expenses of boat ownership and go through all the headaches? When you can rent one totally hassle free. That's the smart way to do it. Join the club club notico called 1-800 boat rent. You'll be amazed at just how easy it is. No ducking cause. No expensive upkeep. No insurance. No hurricane. Preparation. And don't forget hurricane season. Just days away. With the boat from club notico. It's totally stress free and truly affordable too. Call them at 1-800 boat rent and find out for yourself. No kidding about ready because club notico does it for you. No cleaning up either. They take care of all of these. All of these. At club notico. You just hop on your boat. Go and have a fantastic time when you're all done. Pull into the dot. Get off and go on your way. It's that easy. Call them today. Club notico at 1-800 boat rent from the boat. Run from unlimited boating to pay as you go from small boats to yacht charters. It's club notico. 1-800 boat rent. Call them and let club notico till your plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today. The smart way. The inexpensive. The hassle free way with club notico. 1-800 boat rent. This is new runners. Stop this. This is 5-16-2-8. Powered David's a bit. When I never saw an accident, Prince and Cretary turned it out that kind of breeze. You see? Become the most ever high since he's a wax from his son from 5-10-8. You see? They just had that in his mind. Not in the black guy to do it. Christian white crayon, all of a sudden. The killer has escaped. I don't want to hug the parbe. That's up from the light. Anyway, God don't show. Get it away. I don't want to hug the parbe. I can't nobody can blow with good and so is no. And don't let me know that man in his mind is not the Buddha's health. And in his hands you get it. Oh, that's it. With that good guy, I'll like the juice. With the way I'm going to see that on the new cars. Another son of a bitch. Boy, now in his dumb ass. Boy, he's got it tough. He is. Burn it on his eye and on it. If you can't confirm it tonight, I don't want to hug the parbe. I'm not in the heart of the parbe. He seems to have the last love that may hold on. He says, there's only a punch of parbe. He says, I love that you go. Only though he's so he helps. Mulberry does it back? I know he's funnier than he is. In our past we were ever at the end of London. Mrã€œty, why are we dead? We can't come back, we can't come back now. But I'd like to take this opportunity. Okay. Alright. You want this man, you see what I can say? But pay the violence, you told him why it has to happen on this animal's feet. Who could have another real support in madness to branded it, dumbass? And as you see, law of our story will be no before. There's only a hundred-tarde baby. You know, you like that no liberty in this U.B.s dead? Oh, there's big hits. There's only a hundred-tarde baby. How do you know what he's going to do? I don't want to hug the child baby. 10, 22, 5, 60, WC, you don't like it any on him, I guess. So you have a sexual bailer, right, Lately? Either one of you? No, Lately, no. What does that mean? I think he's gone. I think he's out. Gone, Fisher? No, just gone, period. See, remember, for a little husky scene, see you gone. I can't remember. I reckon he's gone. That's what I'm thinking. And deservedly so by the way. Maybe that's why I'm not getting no information from Norma Canter. Or maybe just because Norma is as usual of playing hard to get. Maybe Norma Canter. There's no question about that. No matter you fill in the blank, whatever it is. Although I got your deal done real nice there, yes he did. Which I paid him for. Thank you. Maybe that's right. Didn't get there yet. Maybe that's why he's playing hard balls. Or did you send it to your Pigeon or Pony Express? Both. If Neil stopped taking calls, that was our Pony Institute. We had 1625 votes on that. I'll listen the same. 771. And we're not stopping taking calls, it's just that very, very spotty. I think I had to do the weather on channel for in Buffalo. He's always talking about what else is named Don Paul. Spathe's showers. And it's the way he says it just gives me, I don't know. A spilthe's. Spathe's showers. I never heard anybody pronounce that word that way before. Very pedantic. Spathe. Anyway, listen to the same 771. 47.5%. The caller sucked 2115. Another 13.2%. So that's over 60% right there. I'll kill myself because I have no life. I'm 145. I'll listen less, 122. I hate this poll 110. I'll stop listening 71. 4.3% won't listen no more if we don't take any calls. WQ, I am. Hello. Yes, sir. That's an awesome thing on your plan. Yeah. See, that's another thing too that we are. You don't have to even bother fading them out. Because those people when he do, it's just natural reaction. No, well, okay, well, whatever. Because then I can't get on anyway. Because I'm just going to dump them. Sam, I'm taking, I know because our man has been as just like, useless as limp spaghetti, you know, mower's pasta. And so I'm just taking control and taking the show back from these of people over. I feel like we've been hijacked by about a half a dozen idiots. And I'm thinking it back. And that's one way of doing it right there. A stop listening 71 likely story. Listen much less 67. Kister radio 48 give it a big juicy wet one. Listen more 43. And listen much more 33. That's what I should have voted for. I'll listen a lot more. Let's call as more listening. Sounds reasonable to me. Yeah, it sounds pretty interesting. In fact, that there is no Joe Bellaround and there's just a no Joe Mama. I guess we're on automatic pilot. Is that what's going to be a list? Let's be a bit of a thought and say that heat. Huh? Maybe to say the stage. Let's start that rumor. How can you sell it when you haven't got a license? How do you keep saying that? Oh, you can't do that. You can't sell what you don't have. Oh, listen from your mouth to the Lord's ears. Maybe to have a liquorice. Yeah. They are unbelievable. Please, pretty twist. And of course, there are a lot of rumors floating around. I don't want to see you told me. Anyway, speaking of radio, lawyers on both sides of the CBS Corp and Howard Stern breach of contract lawsuit said they have settled. They don't say yesterday. What you've said about that? No, no. A clerk in a courtroom judicial hearing officer, I read Gamerman, said lawyers for the party. Oh, maybe that's what Mara Norma is. Maybe he was involved in them heavy-duty negotiations. Lawyers for the parties called around 315 yesterday afternoon when I was a head in agreement. The clerk said as far as she knew they didn't divulge details. I'm sure they'll be leaking out. CBS sued Stern and February claiming that its former radio shock Jack breached his contract with the broadcast. John, when he moved to serious satellite, the lawsuit was also named serious. Stern and properly, CBS's radio air tender prone to his new satellite charged began in January. CBS also said Stern made plans with serious. Without disclosing, the CBS's his contract required. What do you require? Hey, woman in the office of Stern's lawyer, Peter Partcher. Mark that down, Peter Partcher. Maybe I'll call him later today. Okay. He's a silly person. I got to get a real lawyer, man, because the one I got, he's just a silly person. Now, he's probably rolling up the newspaper with a big fat dubi. Peter Partcher confirmed that the sides that agreed to a settlement, but he said he even had me have been signed. He said Partcher was available to comment. He's busy working for Neil Rogers now. CBS lawyer Irving Nathan did not immediately return a call for comment. Irving Nathan, another guy with two first names. Stern moved by a wing about that, but he put a book about it. And then speaking of that, I better do the break. See, we got back up because of that long cross over with a Humphor. Got some bad news about the serious and extant stock dropping like a bowling ball from the top of the serious tower. How can you bet? What do I bet is, you think? I don't know what. That's articulate. I'll tell you one thing. I'd give my left not to be on the satellite right now. I wouldn't care if I was either one of them in anything. Just anything. With this Joe Bell business, we got going on. Maybe he's just going into hiding. I mean, if I were him, I'd hide. Twenty eight, oh, there's a massive tower outage in the northeast. And tracks all screwed up and about to be put up, but not here though. But a massive tower outage like in the New York. But it seems strange. How are they? How are they? We are taking them into the station so they're able to be bored. And at this time. From these were the main ones. Service to the reports, we can take them to their destination. But how are they doing? Like that? We're in injury and even. No, no reports of any injuries. All right, just the other day. I'm not on the amtracting. I don't know what to get in us all. You ever write amtract? Uh, like once in my life, I think. Well, go do it again. From Seattle, Montana. Almost Memorial Day. It's coming upon Monday. Time for the mattress and furniture stores to run their phony sales when they double the price to the then they off a half off. Well, those big adgenius to figure out that's not much of a deal. Don't waste time and money driving around shopping for a mattress saved like never before. When you call dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress right now. The prices are a lot slower than the malls go as even during the so-called half off sales. All day dial a mattress delivers from 8 in the morning till 10 to night air every day. Same day delivery is available on YouTube's your date and time with the nature. I wonder that you pick when it's convenient for you when you want them to show up and they do. They do do it. That's why they're right. Number one in the world for the best customer service in the business. That's why I've used them for years. And dial a mattress has the complete line of all the top mattress names like surda and Seely, Simmons and King Coil, tempered, pita extirings of an NS foster. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get the best price and the best price. You don't have to slip all over town wasting that expensive gas getting worked up into a sweat. You just get right there. Pick up the phone and make that easy call. That's all it takes. Beware of those half off sales. Do the smart thing. Pick up that phone right now called 1-800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com. Say comfortably as soon as tonight on a great new mattress from dial a mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES leave off the last S because it stands for suspicious. This is Neil Rogers. I saw it this is 5-16. I saw it this is the first time I saw it. I saw it this is the first time I saw it. I saw it this is the first time I saw it. That was special. One of it. Your man, Lou Dams. After one dimension 26 before 11 and 5-60 WC on any setting in Joe Valdean. I haven't seen him yet. He will pop this out in the dorm. I don't like it. They don't want it. I don't blame him. It was not that good. It was set in by Mike from Melbourne. One of our listeners I think that's who was. Sorry Mike, they don't like your pool. But nevertheless, it's okay. If WCM had a mascot, what should it be? A fat 2-186. And a mebo because nobody has a spine there. 149. A jackass. 99. A hyena because of the high-pitched voice. 43. I'm a one-o-jolly. Yeah, because they're afraid to be a real radio station. And they're suggesting that they know what that means. And a vampire bat for the butts. But that's right. They're doing the a phyromar. No, this'll add to it a vampire band for the blood sucking shows the permanently for I'm gonna close the door speaking before There we go, this goes the dough. You're probably here little slob over from that like The monthly phyromar here my building had a little bit of size to it Starbucks tonight this morning We saw peace on MSNBC about the I pod the secret I pod right you just sneak it when you're a shoe And not only will you listen to the music but also tell you how fast you're running or walking and how many miles You've gone how many calories you've burned and how bad your feet stuff how bad your feet stinks like hell And yeah, what you just stepped in what that smells like all of these things all of these things So everywhere you go there's more and more of this stuff So you know throughout your FM radio nobody nobody in the right mind wants that Throughout your AM radio too while I had it they did that a long time ago Starbucks connection of the music industry is growing more and more over the years with exclusive album releases So it only you you beku you ubiquitous coffee shop late last year rumors began swirling that the company was looking to get into the digital music business After interview with CEO Howard Schulton and this such now comes to report today that Starbucks would use its In-store wireless internet setup to begin selling music downloads at their stores Okay, cup of coffee and you can also add almost a music the Nuneet calm whatever that is reports that Starbucks would add more wireless How can you hear the thing in the back? Not really can hear that the first train Reports that Starbucks would add more wireless hotspots to a store is allowing for further expansion of a potential digital music service The company already operates three of its here music stores Which allows customers to sample music then burn a copy with a like to a CV in the store Starbucks entertainment president Ken Lombard recently addressed the here music initiative Which is met with mixed with also far and the speech customers want to bring their devices into our stores He said would you ever bring a device into a Starbucks all the time? We don't have a solution today. He said we're committed to finding one well nine of Settings, let's go to Starbucks and download some music and have a big cup of coffee I have a better way in their brother now is drinking all of them designer coffees and all the plastic a-holes out there I mean yummy Tim Horton Starbucks You name it there every street corner that mocha latte with put me. Yeah, that's right But they've been in calories and lots of caffeine. Yeah, I mean and loaded with sugar a lot of other things that are really bad for you Have malt to do they really yeah, you have a coffee latte malt. Oh, hmm that sounds good Although I do like those you're multi-shared Irbys I do that man. Oh anyway getting back to the a lot of radio talk here too bad to have we're not a business anymore Well XM satellite radio holdings lowered its forecast for for your subscriber growth and revenue yesterday Setting overall softness of retail sales for satellite radio in a certain quarter and product availability problems the company sure is XM tumble that you'll 11% XM which competes with serious satellite is an emerging business of selling nationwide radio service delivered by satellite Said an hour spec staff eight and a half million subscribers by the end of the year down from its previous estimate of nine The maiden they originally were saying yeah, I'm not standing in a half and that's still probably optimistic The Washington DC based company also said that an hour spec staff four year subscriber revenue of eight hundred and thirty-five million But away Joe Costello tells me that to basically gear next inventory rednecks I say yeah truck drivers I down from its previous estimate of eight hundred and sixty million the company told investors I April 27 when we reported a first quarter results that expected to reach those for your gold But they're not XM shares which already were done about 50 cents privately announced and fell even further closing down a buck 76 or 11.4% at 1375 After dipping his lowest 1343 Let's see worse the thing about this serious. It's an out of our redness whole thing is really pond rice Sounds like Rick Riley satellite radio shares have lost their status as stock market darlings in recent months as investors Roy about their continuing losses and high expenses for signing up subscribers as well as top tier talent such as shocked That Howard Stern whose contract with serious is worth five hundred million big ones serious shirts have also suffered in recent months that are down 45.1% of the year to date serious I'm cereal though shares felt 22 cent or five points just for cent to close at three dollars and 68 cents on the next decade of fifty two week low three dollars and 68 cent XM is also delivered rather than surprises to investors recently including news last month that federal regulated We're probing its marketing practices the company also disclosed earlier this year that one of its directors quit over Disagrements about the company's direction of word of a looming crisis No and is it that in bed not earlier this month XM was sued by major record companies Over a new iPod like device that constructs the 50 hours of music the suit planes the XM's handheld Inno and fringes on music copyrights by recording music and automatically parsing the files by song and our taste I'd be like that. I like it. I'm not sounds to me like to indeed doodle man. I can smell it. I can smell it in my sneakier I find I got over 600 songs in my iPod All right, switch to get this means huh? Switch to get that disc all the hits of the sixties wins that coming in the next diplomatic pouch Okay, is that coming on the same day that normas email about what's going on with Joe Bell and all these other issues? Did that comment how did it get fair sooner? Well, I just take a look right now and see if that's having or not I might have to if that check didn't get there yet. Maybe the mail was real slow. I could always stop payment on it Maybe they weren't keen to the address There's nothing on there. There's actually nothing on there So you know the hours go by on the days go by and by the beat bad of them But what I'm like you know, you know, over the flu when I got a little regret is no one to speak Then it's another one of those frantic phone calls Like that, you know for forty five minutes. Give me all whipped up into a frenzy. Yeah, misery loves company stress stress Kills norma. Okay stress kills you lunatic you You're fairy if you think you have termites in your home speaking about things in people who bug the hell out of you You need to call ridded pest control today for a feature my inspection Well, what's during the lawyer's name Peter Puck was at it? I don't know how about those savers all right Ridded pest control used that amazing orange roll treatment that kills termites and the rezata percent on contact They're gone faster than you can say Joe Bell is the invisible man if you have termites It's the best possible way to get rid of them You don't have to tend to your house and make a circus in your neighborhood and make the neighbors laugh their eyes In fact, they're probably not laughing. They're probably crying from embarrassment They can have bad their property values gonna go down because you got that tent covering your house No worry about poison is gas no moving out of staying in hotels No worrying about food to your pets in your health because the folks at ridded pest control treat your home with this amazing orange oil You don't have to leave it all. It just stick around and back when they're done treating the property The only thing left behind is the clean refreshing scent of oranges for just a few days. It's a real mahaia That's probably kosher too. It's true if you have a termite problem call ridded pest control right down find out about this amazing Orange or a treatment that kills termites and their eggs one hundred percent on contact no tending no BS No kidding call right now for free inspection there's no obligation But it's the beginning of termites season. It's a good time to take a peek call 1 800 4 4 7 4 34 38 and it's 1 800 4 4 7 4 34 Be sure and tell that Todd Drecto to call rid it 1 800 4 4 7 43 48 This is a new Roger This is by 62 All the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time Entertainment news is she or is it she publish reports suggest normal play both play make add in a Consmith may be pregnant and in a cool word is your pregnant Congratulations for your girl 10 girls wins and 23456 guys Kevin guys and T girls are not that sounds like how you got pregnant. Oh you got morning sickness I see a life pepperoni. Yeah What's that what the hell? It's one of those similar to packets, you know in the box like when you get a new CD player The silicone packet it says do not eat I What do you think it all It's a Lego Peprony juice through the solidest 1047 and 5 60 W Q a M Gary and the Anna a male student who is one women's clothing to school On year was turned away from her. Maybe he saw that movie last days Of the short coat vein and that neat black slip. What was that all about you? I'm sorry, I like I can explain that. I was They are man is all about this. Don't you know that piece of crap her her a male student was born women's clothing to school all year and Gary And he and it was turned away from his high school prom because he was wearing a dress Kevin Logan 18 went to the west side high school prom on Friday and a slinky fuchsia gown and heels You're fairie he believes officials discriminate against him by not allowing him inside a fuchsia gown and heels Lovely. I have no formal picture no memories nothing you only have one prom. He said Logan who is gay Received an $85 refund for his prom ticket to they but he still wasn't satisfied He said he's considering finally a complaint with the Indiana Civil Liberties Union So Vester role in assistant to Gary school superintendent Mary steal said school policy bands males from wearing dresses Well, why not with that be what if you wanted to wear a quilt? Think exactly how to get killed or Vienna or a priest's robe right? I mean, what what the hell is it there business if they don't have a dress right? Why the hell can't a guy wear a dress and I mean if girls can wear jeans don't they all the time? Sure you bet you and pants suits Some of the dice were like Mary Cheney excluding Logan from the prom is based on the dress code not the students homosexuality That's his personal preference said Mary Tyrone Hanley the youth program coordinator for the gender public embassy coalescent Washington DC The gender public embassy coalition City often says cases like this and called the gender based discrimination Providing really shorts for it's very everyone is a fair dress code Providing them for males is not In addition to which he wasn't wearing a short skirt. He was wearing a dress a lovely slucky fuchsia gown and some really fashionable Heal that was it slit Logan said he had spent years defining and exploring a sexuality This you a took a major step by dressing as a female everyday wearing makeup I hear weave nails and girls fitted jeans to school his mother done at a Logan Since he was not surprised by what she called the ignorance of school administrators I tell Kevin that and decided there'll be those who accept him and those who want I think the mother ought to be buggy with She had to be horse whipped Kind of a parent looks like kids a you know the boys go to school and a show So he's gay big deal. I mean you got to go like some kind of a screaming fruit cake. What is yeah? That's a bad that's for a bad for all the rest of his fruit cakes 500 and what is that say on there? We're not gonna make that thousand and a no chance five sixty and I want I don't want Mike and Melbourne to feel bad because he did facts in his pool Five seventy we haven't got a gentleman's chance and purgatory getting to a thousand a day and we got the whole four hours No ball game today. We do have that game. I want to clock on K. T. Perkins and somebody I'm gonna tell you something that this is how this is the kind of stuff that's going on We get a revised schedule that doesn't even show that they lost which I already looked at up I said it lost to Georgia tickets. They were the two to one. I think I don't know why I actually know because I seen it I'm the hero I looked at like you said to the one yeah, and and they don't even put on a who there Planned like it's an afterthought, you know, Karen time to tell you you're picking up right there with the rest of that outfit is left off He just told you just gave up you just have given up man You silly person, but thanks for making sure that checks on the way. It's all I care about today is the 25th and it's paid a See they've adopted the same attitude as me and a Humphrey everybody else as long as we could pay they don't care about anything They don't give a flying crap. WKOM Hello Okay, that's two for two and that's fine with me. I like once every half hour. We'll check it out Then there might be somebody with some to say today. Although I have my doubts because we're five for five right now How long can that record continue right right in the last two days we had two one Tuesday and three sensational calls yesterday and didn't they have an after date or a button once Fise president Dick Cheney could be called a testifying the perfect way case against his former chief of staff And special prosecutor said the court filing yesterday special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald. I wonder if he's kind of very Fitzgerald Suggested Cheney would be a local government witness because he could authenticate no tea jotted on a July 6, 2003 New York Times opinion piece by a former US ambassador ambassador by my Joseph Wilson Fitzgerald said Cheney state of mind is directly relevant to whether scooter liby his former top aide lied to epi agents and a federal Grand jury about what now this is also to polycrap you know as if we know already know the answers to these things And I know you'd say well knowing the answers and one thing, but proving it in court. That's another thing, but let's put them all in jail in federal prison. Yeah, then in the times article a former US ambassador Joseph Wilson accused the Bush administration of twisting intelligence on Iraq to justify going to war Cheney ruled on the article had they done a sort of thing before sending the ambassador answer a question Do we are nearly sent people out there pro bono to work for us or did his wife sent him on a junkie? It'll be told the agents in the grand jury believe he had learned from reporters that plain was married to Wilson They've forgotten that Cheney had told him that in the weeks before Wilson's article was published go get him I like that Cheney view of Wilson's allegations is a personal attack because the article suggested that device present new There wasn't a discounted or reports that Iraq had tried to buy uranium yellow cake from the easier to build a nuclear weapon All the lies all the time eight days after Wilson's article conservative syndicated calmness the Nazi Robert Novak identified Plain and suggested she had played a role in the sea ice decision to send Wilson a knee-jeer smear and schmier That's the specialty of this group smear and smear and smear. It's only not a See in John Kerry who was overheard. Remember that deal in the 2004 campaign there right saying This is the worst point, but now and they overheard and they played on the news see if he had any balls Which he doesn't if he went out any brave and any balls which I guess he lost in Vietnam He would have said not only did I say it for let me elaborate on that I'm talking about a smearing and smearing and lying and conniving and thieving but you're not sees these see if he would have done that He would have wanted like they couldn't it wouldn't have been close enough to fix it no higher They couldn't have done that but he didn't and they did and that's where we are right now stuck with his Nazi regime And what is America, Caribou American Idol? Oh, yeah show that the gray headed geek on here again I have no idea who he is or what he does and you told me you actually heard him try to sing and we just put that other news this morning Or one of those shows that he's a flame or two for what it's worth. Oh, no kidding No kidding What is that a bullet? He scream right I guess not the some of you would mainly I looked at that thought to myself one thing Good God In fact, maybe he can go to the prom when I kiddin Gary in the Anna which one has the Tony of sure he has his own dress No, they really yes, well, I see it WKOM hello Nothing, no, then I didn't have to do anything without one and have the doctorate dump it 567 see we will take call or two here and there and we might actually get one on here today or not as the case maybe it's a little A consequence to me 567.0.560 and pound 560 leave arrived in singular wireless line Maybe some of the audience knows where Joe Bell is maybe we can give you a Joe Bell sighting you think I'd add it you do I think we're not maybe he's across the street. Maybe he's over there again because I'm sure he's on their payroll Maybe it's just time in the month. Maybe he's picking up his paychecks across the street He's got to be on their payroll WDQAM hello QAM Oh, is it alive WDQAM hello Yes, sir. How are you okay? Is this new? Yes, well you mentioned this thing about the good teams these the the article that was written About some Englishmen describing the smell of something right it is a fact of cigarettes And if you if you think it's talking about their French yes, and If you can imagine you recall camels and what he strikes. Oh, yes got that got renters Well, this is in the blue package about the same size and this in the tobacco is black And it and it's sorry answer your lungs. Oh Do you remember Casablanca? This is the cigarette of the day This is what put happy bullguided an early grave. I'm sorry If you spin anytime in France and I have Yeah, this is the most nail Saying is believing this is something that when a pack is opened You know how you open the cellophane and you take the top off. Yeah, this smell of it. Yeah, about not to over Not to mention one that's just been stuffed in an estuary somewhere So whoever wrote the article about the smell of it. I'm right on it. Oh This this this this is Anyway, it's a sort of a medium to dark blue package and if you ever in Europe And you see something about the European cigarettes and all the ones that I've ever smelled of they're all very strong I mean, I like real gut renters. No, but the this tobacco is sort of a Dark brown almost black and the smell of it is so you kind of go to Yeah, the smell of it is so unique that I just wanted to update you because I know that someone Google this and we have to get it right now. Okay Thanks a lot, pal. You're welcome. Okay Without the check that out friend the scene. There's a really good call. We're one for one again. See that? Well count six six for six 10 57 and 560 WQM. Let's take a look at that scale. We did that and then we got gilding and kind of avoid that Gilding and cool lines come out square with two in the night dog also with the same joint at four and then about your hurricane stuff Encourtesity of the gym and there's these What if there's no hurricane hotline Curtis is on for three hours? Oh Don't tell me the currents is actually update the schedule now doing a little bit of work Yeah, like we buy all the hurricanes are playing or a clock on KT since they lost yesterday The Georgia take to the one which I had looked at up close current because the clearance ain't doing his job He might as well be invisible too along with your bill and as all all Just just how long to take the amount of the rest of it the fact time to take the rest of the year off. Oh They already are what's better than staying cool comfortable at all summer long in fact all year long in that sweat box We know it's so Florida 87 yesterday, I believe in that correct their boots how about getting instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner The five star audition of the carry-in-finity system you can get this fabulous system for moisture and heat What they've been taking through a track how the area families first read generations? What is that is that that package with the movie and right rare entry? I mean rear window. Okay as a carrier factory authorized Did it rescue or in T's your 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier the people who invented her conditioning in the first place And now have embedded a carrier in fit of the system the infinity system is so great it actually performs a daily diagnostic check And then adjust itself to make sure that you're getting maximum efficiency what's not to like the maintain maximum efficiency on your Coroner condition whatever kind you may have the smart thing to do is to join the voice Aaron heat comfort club Probably see you they come to your home they inspect and tune up your AC system if you have any kind of a problem any kind of Audio and drive poverty same day service and 10% off on any need to repairs to all of these things Just 110 dollars a year so what you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on or peace of mind with a comfort club Either way make the smart choice the noise choice that's voice Aaron heat our old YCE Royce Aaron heat at 1 800 3 770 75 turn to the experts at carrier by calling Royce at 1 800 3 770 75 Is me who Rogers This is five 16 This is the new Roger show This is your brain You have been heard from him in a while and that was a good thing but now Michael Bolton is back No, not the John Bolton looks like Captain Keguru or the Josh let us in let us in Bolton who collects pictures of hands But they'll win and only Michael Bolton trying to sing like Sinatra with his new album too many Bolton They'll help them Michael Bolton returns to crew the fat Walmart moms as they grow magically turned the potty roll cheese Michael Bolton's too many Bolton sing looks this duet with beta crossing Same movement To at least help pay for the van order yours today for 1994 There's a song! There's a song! There's a song! If you call that, we'll rush you to set a design of series earplugs and close it for your nose. It's 114 at 5.60WK, you'll be amused to know that I just said a final email to your close personal friend. And your attorney and I guess you're the one who's been between the future. I think I was fair. I'll read it out to you by by. I don't want to know what to do with him no more. Maybe smoking in the newspaper like I said or maybe he's not a son of a top convention. It's not over there. Just leave me alone. Okay, I'm all done with these chasing the dogs tail. I just can't deal with it no more. Then that's just bug the crap out of you. Do you know what reminds me of? Remember when you were playing the cat and mouse and hide and seek with him a couple weeks ago. Right? And leaving calls that he lied to his teeth. He never called me. He left me any message and I come to find out well. So, well, you're wrong. Is usual. You remember that? You just got a week or two weeks ago. Well, there you go. And I go through the same thing every time there's any kind of an issue of any sort of large or small, big one, small one, medium one, whatever. 600, three votes on a pool. We're second-wind on there. And that's all your fault in Melbourne. You're my fault for taking a, and new when I saw it was a marginal pool. I don't even want to read it. That's how I'm burasing it. You know, I mean, here's my who means well. In fact, he's that thing. And then you go and send it to me. It's your fault. It is my fault. Well, you can know about it and start on this other one. I'm sure they're not going to do that. And then what we do is tomorrow, tomorrow's Friday. I won't be doing that tomorrow. It's the one for the entire weekend. And tomorrow is a good one, which I already told him yesterday. And there probably be adding names on there now. I don't want to do that. If anybody knows how difficult it was to come up with these stupid ass pool ideas, every day you should certainly know. And especially since he's going to be doing lots of mishumor and starting very, very, very, very similar look of the quarter. Yeah. A mock evacuation that was supposed to be part of a two day statewide hurricane preparedness that was canceled. After misunderstanding about who had jurisdiction over a FEMA trailer park. Oh, here we go again. Oh, boy. That's a good job. The two day statewide drill that began Tuesday was ended avoiding the chaos that followed last year's hurricane Katrina, which killed more than 1,000 people. The mock evacuation was to take place in the state's largest FEMA trailer park in Baker, ten miles from Beth Hall, Rouge. The park is that more than a member of the Barron Rouge. No. The park is that more than 500 campers down travel trailers that has about 1500 people displaced by Katrina. Officials are considered about the safety of travel trailer residents and rough winds. Trailer trash. There are more than 200,000 people stay wide in Louisiana living in unfinished tomes and mobile trailers, but the Baker evacuation was canceled because of an apparent communication breakdown said Joanne Moro direct to the East Baton Rouge, perished office of homeign security and emergency preparedness. We were unable to get any information from the state of federal government on what policies or procedures were for evacuating those sites. Who's jurisdiction was, she said, we're very disappointed we didn't get to work with the people live on the trailer site. Those trailer trash. After the parish canceled the drill, a FEMA asked park management to drive around a park with bull horns and simulate an evac away. You see me like an evac away. We're going to robinson. We're sponsoring recovery director for a FEMA region six, which includes Louisiana. Hey, everybody, come on here. We got a real hurricane coming in. We're all going to die. This is, I'm not even going to go into the rest of it. Yeah, what more needs to be said. And they're predicting by the way not only all these hurricanes for the coming season, which we had that story today, but guess what's going to be right in the center of the going to be the hotspot for the hurricane season. Watch them from DC. No, I give up. Florida. Is it Florida? No, yes again. South Carolina? No, North Carolina. Yes, again. Next go. New Orleans. Oh, that. Well, not all means. We'll care about that. No, no, no. Yeah, we don't. Trailer trash. Well, maybe they weren't all trailer trash before, but they should be right now. Right. Have you seen any of the, I'm sure you have on the news where they keep it. I can steer us the insider trading and lying to auditors, Jeffrey Scaling faces some 28 counts while 10 lay six counts. So we should be hearing that verdict shortly. I'll write. We'll keep our eye peeled on that. Next setting. Throwing. I want to think if they get off either or both of them. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm leaving. They will. What? You're going to go to Canada? No, I'm just leaving. I'm just going to walk out the door. Right. Am I under word? Fact it's a beautiful day, man. I'm actually it's not a beautiful day. What the hell happened? It's murky and cloudy. I thought it was supposed to be like 73 today. 70. Oh, they keep all the look at that 80s on a weekend here. Holy, and moly. What's that all about? That's okay here because the people at least debate every now and then, like once every month, but like in, uh, hamster than. And many play in France too. I would always nasty, you know, cigarette, there's nasty faggot. When it gets to be like in the upper 70s or in the 80s, God forbid. Relicous. Oh, man. You talk about ripe cheese. Oh, I'm serious. You get on the tram or the bus or like in the train. Oh, man. Got his own kind of funk. That, and that's because they have very little air conditioning in your eyes. They're very, very, very little. That's bad combo. Oh, little air conditioning and bad personal hygiene. You put those two together. That, um, man, a cheesy aroma. The worst, like, like, bad, like spoiled, um, a limberger. 650 votes. The WCM had a mascot. It should be a fat tube. 219. And a mebo because, uh, nobody has a spine like an mebo on 41. I think a jellyfish would have been better than the mebo. Don't you? Okay. You're right. Can we change it? No, whatever. What's it not at this point? Yeah, you're right. The pull sucks. Well, a hyena because of the high pitch voice 48. I had it. Because I was thinking of that. A bull because of full of Boltzmann 48. Also added the cover of the line and voted for that 42. Because we got the balls of a butterfly. And a vampire bad for the blood sucking cells to permanently file it. That's, that's, that's a desperate one that Mike put on. Are you, you know, he came up with a bad pull idea. And he was desperate to put some other traditions on there. What I understand Mike, when you got a real crappy pull idea. It's not easy to, and it put things on there. WCM, hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Please, please quit taking calls. Yeah, okay. You won't accommodate you right now. Exactly. You guys right. You got it. All right. Now, we'll end this first. Now, we got to talk about those black spaggots. That was pretty interesting. Wasn't it in France? Sure. You've seen it feel? Listen to me. Yeah, a little virtue. I was dropping all the bugs. Pretty interesting stuff. And one of our fine calls. Now, there's the way where there's a will. There's a way. And like I said, when these other misfits calling, Just think they're going to get on the air. Oh, well. You can go point to it. I mean, if that's what I'm going to do for the next two and a half years, I'd rather just walk out right now. I just rather walk away. Just as well. Exactly. Who don't need it? Especially when these bozos, but I don't know who's, maybe they are loped. You think that's possible, normal kitten Joe Bells. You think it's just a coincidence that they both vanished at the same time? I don't know. I don't think so. Oh, I don't know. Sure, it's only to be easy. In fact, maybe they checked in show up this morning. Maybe they just took off with it. Let me just see if there's a response on here to the, No, there's nothing. Wow, I'm in court all day. When you know something, go to court. Go have a wonderful time. Go see Joe's duty. Go see Joe's walk near. Get out of my life. Everything is like a major emergency. And then all of a sudden, just a days and a week's drag on. Nothing happens, you know. Just take the money and run. That's all we can do. Just the best that we can. We're going to start playing oldies at noon today. Do I think it's a good idea? I don't think I'm going to need somebody to computer right now. I don't, not just the ones who have been playing a few notes of last year. Is that that was just practice because practice makes perfect. If you're a cigar smoke, we're like to kick back with a good premiums as stowy. Then the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is definitely for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, process and age of the 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold, the flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, Fissionado cigar and Sutter and 9.1 rating by Schmoke Magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body Nicoloba when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee. Chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors. Also be sure to try their behed to say oh, the hottest release of Garland last 10 months. It's a high rating of 91 by cigar Fissionado cigar and Sutter. A powerful big cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. It'll tear your guts out. The finish is long and botanyed, the full body with initial spice and an ordered charred wood. To get 40% off on all behed cigars, tell that Neil Rogers sent it and call him toll free at 1-800-35 behed. Don't forget to mention my name to say 40% 1-800-35 behed. I-8. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18-18. You're a bastard. Tell the hell that they have died in life, dude. Well, wasn't he able to hide his trade-practices? Chocolate, homemade bowls, he'll need contact lenses. Because they misskin' late and want stock is totally worthless. And now with two late, nothing's wrong just as long. Touching no kin' late, Roger. Can't they eat doggy or can he tell he got the call right now? The hell that's right, man. To be real fair, shit, ain't you? Try to go through any two of those pipses, try to let your body stop again. And what would it be, red live and new, man? Will be over that, my stick on Greg, man. Will you just be in it on it? I think on Joyce. 634 votes on that marginal pull were taken today about masscotting. Also speaking of sensational stories. Yeah. What do you say about ABC News is that Denny Hester doesn't that bribe body or with the abrimac? And then the hester says no, it's a lie in your full aircraft. Despite a fact enough from the Department of Justice, federal law enforcement sources say ABC News accurately reported that Speaker of House Denny Hester, that big fat red faced slob, is in the mix in the FBI investigation of corruption in Congress. ABC News Brian Ross reports late last night, law enforcement sources told ABC News that convicted lobbyist Jack Abrahamop has provided information to the FBI about hasured. And a number of other members of Congress who have brought in the scope of the investigation. You guys wrote this story very carefully, but they're not reading it very carefully. A senior official said whether they like it or not members of Congress including hasured our under investigation. One focused in Valle's letter has to wrote in 2003 urging that the Secretary of the Interior, Block an Indian casino that would have competed with tribes represented by abrimac. ABC's law enforcement sources said that justice department that was men-related. Nye that has to it was a formal target or subject of the investigation. I wonder what depot thinks about this? I asked anybody ask Marvin Rawman about that. What do what depot thinks about the Indian scandals? Because you know one thing about depot, you can say whatever you want, but he sure was. That. 560, 5060, all you have the numbers, you know, every non-in, which means maybe I'll take a call and maybe I won't. Catch him off guard, that's the best way to do it. Right? Oh yeah. TMZ, what is TMZ? Because every suffering in Mollot time, what does that mean? I don't know. It's one of those artsy, artsy, it's like us, you know, celebrity magazine, I guess. No. TMZ has learned that the FBI serves the home to the woman who runs an LA paparazzi. What do you do for the LA paparazzi agency? What do you do for the LA paparazzi agency? The allegations that our computers were used to illegally hack into the computers of us Weekly magazine to obtain information about celebrities in particular Charlie Sheen, who's spent a lot of time growing up in the Sheenie Alps. Sources tell TMZ the US attorney obtained the search warrant several days ago. Law enforcement went to the home of Jill Ish Kenyan, a partner at sunset photo and news, where they seize computers now the items as of now, the official file be sealed. As Kenyan found it, sunset photo and news lies you after leaving us Weekly, or she worked as a reporter. TMZ repeatedly called sunset photo and news for comment, but each time company reps immediately hung up the phone. That's the phone. That's I think a step beyond having no welcome in. In a related development TMZ spoke with former Hollywood madam Heidi Flyce, who says that she was contacted by a prison the two-diving and Vogue lights hacking plot. The reason sources say Flyce and his Kenyan are close buds. Flyce told TMZ the allegations against her are ridiculous and that some bitch like her can't afford to be made to be liquid ridiculous. On his an update from late last night, this Kenyan's lawyer Glenn Feldman contacted TMZ and said his client has been subpoenaed by Brittany Spirisler and her suit against us Weekly. Spiris claimed that an article in Us Weekly alleging that she made a sex tape with husband Kevin Feta Lann was Bougas. Feldman says he finds it coincidental that his client is suddenly being targeted. Feldman adds that his Kenyan did not receive any information about Charlie Sheen. Did you give a fine crap about Charlie Sheen? No, no. What about you, Josh? No, I don't either. That's three for three. Nobody cares about Charlie Freak and Sheen. Especially with Ed American Idol thing going around. Oh, that's great. And that new thing with at Chicken and Rubah. It's got our priorities in order. Let's get everything straightened out. Let's get the important crap down. And here's that guy with a vest that balled head and geeked at San Cien and everything. Well, what is his claim to fame? Who is what is he and what is he hoped to be someday? He's gay and bald and he's like just another crumudgeon is what he is. To Jeff Skilling as opposed to Ken. Oh, God. Nice glasses though. Nice glasses. Erbie and in fact, at least today he's got different clothes on. I think it was the same outfit every day for like a month. It's Granny Clathett. Yeah. Look at that. If convicted Jeffrey Skilling faced a maximum of 275 years in prison, that's to good form. Six hundred and forty two votes on that pool boy. If we don't get to lie, we're not going to make it today. That's a firm. You have any idea how long it's been how many months since we've had made a thousand on a pool. Oh, I see. In my 30 years since we didn't make a thousand votes on our pool. That's a real kick in the ass. Just Mike and Mel Boren. So next time you come up with a really bad pool idea, keep it to yourself, Mike. I don't want you to feel bad about it. But what is wrong with you, man? Mass caught my ass. In fact, maybe that might be it. How big fat hairy. Right. There you go. That's a big sense. Yeah. No, if fit in with the QM, I'm going to be on so the way things are going to go lately, pretty hairy. So do you want to talk about those rumors that are floating around or not? No, that really. Have you been doing our morning show? Well, why not? You're the one that told me about them. Yeah, so go ahead. Not. Well, you are so up there. There's nothing to worry about. What a tie to lean in on my hand over here. Well, you're what? I said I'm leaning on my hand about killing a Mel Mel. Well, you're the one that's always bitching me about. But you better not tell me. And you, of course, the reason you do that is because you know you're going to tell me. And then you're hoping that I will go on here and then, you're hoping you'll go on here and tell it. But you don't tell everybody that I told you because nobody will come in. And nobody will come in. And if you didn't tell me that, that's the parade you've been here. People in here, it's a rumor. I know assume that it was you. You're the Ojron provocative tourist pick. They know that there's a parade of yenses going through here. But there's no question about that. In fact, usually the inside of that crap used to come from fatball, but now that he's on a way out, he's not the only fatball that it lives on a way out. See, there was like a drop a little, just a little tidbit. Uh-huh. I'm sure I know what it is that they're thinking about. You know, well, what's they're going to stick in there if they do that? Well, what are you going to put on the air? I mean, it's sports. I mean, it's not like they have one day part where they have a problem that they have to fix it. They have nobody on from two to four. They're paying mad dog, $80 trillion a year to do like two and a half hours a day about 50 days a year. And then he's off the rest of the time. I just don't get it. Thank God for 10 to two, man. We are really rock solid. We're like the anchor. We're like the rocket, your brawl, too, baby. Thank God for us. The U.S. Border Patrol increased the fast array of operated more illegally in the pre-urunder president Clinton. I'll include that as listening. Then under President Bush cornstance from a new unpublished congressional research briefing report. Mr. Bush creils his predecessor on a series of measures of border security. Says the briefing from the Congressional Research Service to the Huxedish U.S. Committee, which was based on the Department of Homeland Security data. Mr. Clinton increased the number of Border Patrol agents in pilots by 156% during his eight-year term. Or an average of 642% per year. While Mr. Bush has averaged 411 new agents for year through 2005, a total increase of 22.3% over his tenure. Not so great. All the Mr. Bush last week said his administration has taught return six million illegal aliens. That's actually a drop from any five-year period during Clinton administration. Meanwhile, the number of alien-ev scondres has grown by more than 200,000 during Bush's term. Reaching 536,000 plus and fiscal last year, the number of completed fraud cases has dropped until recently. Detention beds have been or below the level Mr. Bush inherited from Clinton 2001. The sense of urgency that comes with the international guard is be lied by the administration's consistent opposition to providing the necessary resources that our border security agencies need to do their job. Said 900-year-old Senator Bobby Burd, a West Virginia. Mr. Burd is sought for years to get the Bush administration to add border patrol agents and detention beds and improve enforcement technology. And until Lou Dobbs, to our Wattland, his spear, they said no way Jose. But now they see that that face, Freakover D. R, CNN, is all over their case now they're saying, well... But it would be pretty good. Aren't you saying it about this? Didn't wrong thing, I hope they fried both their ass right there, and CNN want to clock this afternoon? I hope they're here. I'm Kenny Barley. You know, I've been asked what I'm going to do after the slaps of my empire, and has that taken the fifth of most of the module. of fifth of most of it. What I will tell you is, after a quick $30 million sale of some real estate I had handy, I decided to buy another company that already had my name on it. Any more lays for three to chips. Chris, go look for four to chips. Lovingly pride in oil for the cast me in sea. It's true, I can no longer say I have the full hour of the White House behind me to force you to eat it, but it does, day's pretty good, trust me. Or do you want to buy a new one? I have someone I don't like very much to start your car and afford it. Can you boil a few specific chips? That you can't buy just one? It's 1131-29 till noon. We got that big bird to come up and do it and they're high-preventinating and all the talking had never said, but we've been going to come up and this guy's got a special new vest on the day that both had a queen. House leaders demand FBI return papers, Harold and a son sent on the Hollywood Sun Tantler. House leaders of both parties, and very much senior unanimity yesterday, demanding the FBI's selected documents that took him move agents involved in a week and rate of a Congresswoman's orifice man and his refrigerator too in a freezer. The Justice Department must immediately return the papers that on constitutionally sees House Speaker Denny Heister and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said the statement. Leader said that the Congressman, William Jefferson, and Louisiana Democrat should then cooperate with the investigation. Earlier, heister said that any FBI agents involved ought to be frozen out of that case just for the sake of the constitutional aspects of anything. He said that he was like a play on words, frozen. He said a lot of pressure. That's why his face is all red. And maybe because he's so fat. Both parties have protested the Saturday night search of Jefferson's orifice on Capitol Hill, which they said violated the constitution separation of powers doctrine. FBI agents, search Jefferson's office and president of evidence in a bribery investigation. The search warrant signed by U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Hogan was based on the affidavit that said agents found 90 grand in cash and the attorney of the search until after and happened. They've pledged to work with the just department suit lawmakers. I'm going to tell you man, the Nazi party is alive and well on goose stepping in Washington DC. Make no mistake as I'm. First half and your phones, they're, they make water gate look like child's play. They make Nixon look like a voice guard. Democrats mean while trying to get Jefferson to resign as seen in the House's most prestigious panel. In the interest of upholding the high ethical standard of the House Democratic Caucus, I'm writing to request you immediate resignation from the Ways and Means Committee Road Pelosi. Jefferson was defiant with respect that it applied to do so he wrote back to Pelosi. I will not give up by committee assignment that the sovalent New Orleans at this crucial time for any uncertain long term political strategy. Jefferson, meanwhile filed a motion asking the judge to order the FBI to return all the documents taken from his office during the 15 hour search. Jefferson's motion said the search violated speech and debate protection of the constitution to ensure the independence of lawmakers. President shall administration the Congress have routinely subpoenaed information from each other and often they refuse to give up the material sawed. This is the first time the brand seeking the information dispatched its law enforcement arm to rest materials from the office of a sitting congressman who is the target of a probable. Most members of the leadership of both houses have been taken of the search because they said it violated the comment. The constitution before that was being published that was to be paid. That's in peace of paper. B4WBW. Republicans were being careful to protest the rate without defending Jefferson. I still think he's clearly George Jefferson. Attorney General Alberto V.05 Gonzalez tried to strike a conciliatory tone saying we have a great deal of respect for Congress as a cool equivalent branch of government but he also defended the search. We have an obligation to the American people to pursue the evidence where it exists. In other words, no matter what the law is they're going to do whatever they want. That's Alberto V.05 Gonzalez. A real little goose that if there ever was one. Not see bastard. Yeah, God. Moonface Beiner. Yeah, exactly. I hope he gets some bad burritos. I'm almost tempted to send the new one and like started today. That'll give us over the thousand. Yeah, I've added all that. Well, that's what I'm talking about. You think that's a good strategy? Well, I mentioned that earlier and you yelled at me. Well, yeah, because it's a lie. We could do that. I mean, what's the point? Really when you get right down to it. How about you, pardon? I mean, there's a good idea to save it for the weekend because that's a damn good poll. It's a great poll. I think we've been a long about 20 years ago but I don't know who that would remember that. I sure don't know me neither. I can't remember what they all I had for lunch yesterday and I have anything for lunch. I had a couple of cash shoes before I had been moved down here. Dan, those marlins, man. They got some nerve. See, if it wouldn't have been for that, I wouldn't lost so much. Sticken marlins. Yamaama. No, that's true. I know. They won. You lost. Oh, do I ever? But he has something that's mounted to put it. You know what? We like it would be like going to an ATM at the bank and finding out if it was like it was just a facade of an ATM and there was nothing on the other side. No machine. And you put your car through there and it falls through the other side. And then you start putting cash in there and you realize it is falling on the ground but on the other side you can't get a bank. Right. It's the same thing. You're sticking them 100 through that machine, man. Anybody's going to get out of a lighter and just burn in it. This is one of the great and never going to happen because anybody who would reveal the way that they do that would be you. They totally did it. I didn't know. I'm right. But if it's a fraud, it's a fraud. You're playing a dead piece, baby. You're feeding a dead machine, man. I don't mind losing but I like to at least have a fighting chance. I like to have the pretense of some kind of a chance. Well you can pretend you can pretend you have a chance. Well I do. I keep thinking about it and like everybody else to get you. And that's part of the game plan to get you more and more aggravated in part of it. Well if I just keep hanging in here pretty soon they're going to turn that program. And they don't. They don't. That's the trap. They just keep siphoning the money and sucking the money and sucking the money. Okay. Fast dudes should only run. Anyway, don't get all the stuff about it. That's why they call a gambling and we'll change my life. And it's just frustrating. So what do you think should we change the polar nod? Nah, whatever. So you want a full short of a thousand. We'll never get to 900 the way this baby's going. We won't make our bonus money but then you know. Giants have run and lose their whole great contract. You got it. You know the one at Norma and negotiate the forum. We're going to need that thousand both. Oh yeah. By the way, you're welcome for that the real window. See how fast that showed up from Amazon. You're there. Yeah. Look at it. I have many movies to watch. You haven't watched standing in the shadows of Motania. I have not. But what tells Ron with you? Not only bad. So what? So what? There's a make it. We get to 1000 votes or not. I always say that. It doesn't make any difference. Just for fun. So, you know, maybe we don't want to have so much fun today. Right? We're getting short change from that baseball game. That's right. And I get in the short change today that we wouldn't have minded to want to clock from that early king game that they pharmed out to 1360, which nobody unless they live with. And I'm all that tower can hear it. I wonder what tell they play now on it. Oh, that's right. They got the right wing talk on there now on KT. I've got about that. They got that Michael Savage crap on there and all these other rabbit white wingers that make Bill Riley looks like a liberal. Yeah. They got crap on there on KT. I got you by my could tell you about it. More. What? He must be. He must be in heaven after all the jingles. I've been playing this week with WMC 8. I can't find my WABC jingles. The big, big, big, cool. Wait a minute. Look what I just found though. WMC jingles. He's a KLW. Yes, do they? Oh, we're gonna see KLW. Cool. Wherever you go, we go, go with 77 WABC. Go, go! See, what happens is you know it is if you forget what you put stuff into an ECS under who they just kind of get lost. They fall through the crack. I got some human out of the same. I got some human out of the same. I got a no brother. The same ones. Hang on. WMC. Yeah. I got all of them. They got them going. WMC. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The music's out there. First time I'm so full you know. I've got all of them. I've got them. You've got them from the same chicken they keep to that got him from. I got them. I got these up there. I got these up there. But the oldies ones in here under oldies. I gotta be a WFU. Well, you're right. I got them. I got them. I got them. I got them. I got them. Yeah. They got them. I got them. Oh, that was that was me. Come on. I'm feeling good. You're a boy. Okay. Come on. We're just one. We're just one. Everybody doubts how much bad music there was in the 80s. This is stuff that I bought. It's an approval to it. Pretty well. How does it run? It's run by. Right. This one's run by. That one was okay. I like that. That's a version. Nice. Ooh. Right. Right. He's a my equation. How does it say equation? This is grand. That's given poison. Seems to rat poison. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. But that's what it is. Well, you know what the name of the song is. You know what to do. Rather than round? Right. Find a wheel. Right. Right. What do I tell you? They sure is not in a pretty common way. It goes right. It's 65 out of pull. Our goal is 700. So I think we might have a shot of that. Just relax. We got the guilty at 2 to 7 noon. From Kona's top-house grill. But you don't want to think about the matter where he's doing the show. No. It'll sound the same. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting one from that. I'm getting a really thick one from that. It's going easy. It's really easy. Scholars go hit straight from the gold blind and accountant. Seven. Seven. You know I'm gonna beg you to send me to the girls. Say it again. I'm gonna beg you to send me that CD. Why is that? To make sure that it doesn't get on the air again. I'm gonna bury it in the backyard. Oh come on. Throw it in the ocean. Where's that old E-Moldies spirit man? Go back to the 50s please. I like to hear you. Oh. Rock 707. Now that you're 80C. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. And on birthday good noon. We're gonna be doing a lot of crimes. And you're trying. Who is this? Are you a warrior? No, a triumph? No. Oh, the tyrant? We're gonna say, I'm Christian to say a vision. Well... See, say a tyrant. Oh. See, say a tyrant. Who is today? Oh, it's this one. This means we have to wait to throw up. Okay, if you want to be negative about this great 80s collection. You're another one. Here. So. And it's a little, a little too slow. Get in and go on for my taste. I just, I have to taste this for that. Plus you can tell me. So anyway. Huh? Yeah, everything on that piece. So that's really bad. Well, let's try this one. Where every goal. We go, go with 707 WABC. Oh, god. See. See. Oh, god. Oh, god. Kill me now. You can do it. The power of it. Okay, that one's gonna be good for it. Oh, I did it for me, alright? He's so clean of it up. Go. Go. Go. Oh, that's the one that he's doing to hold. Hold. Oh, that's the one that's doing to hold. The jungle that never ends. Alright, here's for peers like a stand. I don't need to hear it again. Bring it on to the same neighborhood. But this guy's gonna make me more mean. Depression. It's alright. Okay, so I'm 40 now. We're just a little time until we get this really big end run. We're to come up to you, red live at noon, and they're hyperventilating and they're showing us that bald head of Getty-Kineel A over and over again. There's another bald head geek that Silvi asks. From the wing with the vest. Speaking of that, the number of military members discharge out of the pentagons don't act. Don't tell policy on homosexuals. Rose Violet and for some last year. The first increase in 2001 officials say yesterday. You're fairy. You don't think that's because a lot of people are coming forward and just to get out to you. Uh, yeah, I do. A pentagon spokeswoman, Lieutenant Colonel Ellen Krenkey, said 726 service members were discharged out of the policy during the 2005 budget year that in the last September 30. About 30 men. That compares with 652 discharges the year before. She released the figures after a gay rights advocacy group said it obtained a stance on its own. Service members legal defense network, which is represented military members who were forced out for being openly gay, said the pentagon's policy to privacy military of qualified and experienced personnel at a time on the Army Marine Corps to automate their recruiting rules. Well, that's okay because you can't be gay. The policy prohibits the military from inquiring about the sex lives of service members but requires this charges of those who open a acknowledge being being gay. I think even half of the straight people are coming forward. So I guess what? I'm gay. Yeah, they're missing and listening and we're in a dress and high heels. The laudy prives our nation of thousands of skilled men and women who could be instrumental in fighting the war in terrorist and see Dixon Osborn, Executive Director of Service Members Legal Defense Fund. By the way, check my email. Still no response from your lawyer. I'm just, no, I just can't deal with it. Maybe he, in fact, you know what else I checked during the break? I don't know. Your temperature? No, I checked the obits. I checked the obits in case for Joe Bell and Norma Kent and I understand you the one of them in there. Yeah. This charges under this Don't Act Don't Tell Policy. Pete, 1227 in 2001, then fell the 85, the following year in 770 in 2003. Those of you are keeping track. Don't ask, we won't tell. And what's it to you? What is his heavy duty, man? We got nine minutes until Kenny Lay. By the way, I'm just, I'm holding my breath because I think he's there going to get a slap on the wrist. A slap on the wrist? That's how bad or not. You know, I'm going to go, I'm going to go postal. They were, they had an interesting thing about that. They had the guy from the postal service. I asked if they, they're very pissed off about that expression because it implies, or they will, to bad, to bad offices of place where people go nuts. And they start shooting out, yeah. That because it is now, come on. 711. That's what we got on the pool. 711. And that's not so bad. Mike and Melbourne don't feel bad. Mike, the pool suck. But I mean, no, feel too bad. 712. See, there's another one. They're coming in. No, one by each. They're dribbling in. But that pepperoni juice down my chin. If WQM had a mascot, what should it be? A fat Jew, 259. Maybe our goal steam could once upon a time. I guess he ain't so fat anymore. Haven't seen him in a long time. How fat Jew? He could have been our mascot. Or maybe just Ron Jeremy. And Amoeba or Jellyfish. 161. A jackass, 128. A bowl because they're full of bullshit. 57. A hyena with a high pitch voice kind of like that. 33. A cowardly line 47. That's obviously the correct answer. And a vampire bat for the blood sucking sales department. Our sales department even worth it. And any more, I mentioned at this point. I'm ready and treat by this new guy. Of course, that's what Greg always said. He's intrigued by. And no matter what it was, it was always bad. But I'm really intrigued by the description of the new sales guy. What do you say about two feet tall? It comes up to your knee camp. So I heard. And he's got a really corrupt amount of cheese. Like some male water Nazis got a disgusting voice. And he just pisses everybody up. He'd be fit in their perfect with the bread. And bread and the losers we have back there. I said bread and Greg. 714 old bean. That's good. 714 old bean. That's good. 714 old. What does that have to do with quailudes? Oh, wait a minute. I think we're talking about a problem. I'm sorry. I'm not asking. He put nothing on their bread and news. And it's not breaking news. Junior and the announcement then it'll be breaking news. They keep catching me off guard there. Like, oh, here it is. We got six minutes to go. In fact, I think what we ought to do is take the break early. Good plan. Which is to think so. Because they've read it new because I'm sure that everybody in this audience, who cares about American Idol when we got bigger face to fry. Like Kenny Lay and Jeffrey Skillin. And you can fry this and you'll have to go. I don't know. This is 560 Tuesday. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8. Um. Oh, God. I had a lot of money in the 401k. With that rock rock rock rock rock. But it went down the Jordan in just one day. With that rock rock rock rock rock rock. Yeah. And it could feel cool. Yeah. Don't break it from. Thoughts out there all go wrong. And it's rock rock rock rock. I used to get a picture outside and sad. From then on rock rock rock rock. Now I'm happy if you like fries with that. With rock rock rock rock rock. With rock rock. That's pretty easy. Oh. You're a piece of one call. When they say to you get cold. From then on rock rock rock rock rock. Yeah. I have no blue. And I walk your shoes. All the time. What the fuck? And then rock rock rock rock. And then rock rock rock. I'll spin. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I'm sure that's why I think we didn't come to the end. We couldn't see the aspect. We're in there. We've got all that other shit about that. Well, everything else we got joystone now. So we have to keep inserting all these. We don't keep things. We don't cover up by half the words. We can't say this. We can't say that. It's a wrap. Okay. So I'm 59 boys and girls. You know where you're uh, and Ron is. You're in Ron's stock. I'm seven hundred twenty three votes on a pool. Not too shabby. We'll make two eight fifty some life in. That's a respectable number. We'll take it. Right. It's more or less there than I got across the street all week long. I'll guarantee you that. And we will tell you what they know about about that. Right. As opposed to us because we got the expert. I'm a one. No jelly. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. And no. That'll be longer to two. So what did you tell me was the correction we got. Critics on from seven to ten tonight. Yeah. It's number three. I don't know. No. I can't out. And I know why is that? And he's special reason for that. That's just what I was told. Well, that's scandalous. No hurricane hotline. How to help. Can we continue through our busy Thursday without anticipating hurricane hotline? Especially with a big hurricane baseball game on on KT at one o'clock. That we're probing on 1360. Even though we don't know who they're playing and carrots so want to be bothered with it. Because it's not a basketball game. He's not doing it. Not that he's so serving you understand. Soft serving? That's what I heard. Soft serve. Anyway, it's noon. The little hand is at the big hand. And there's still like. But if we put it, we'll put it. But if we put it, we'll put it. They're going to drop us on. They got all their microphones set up out there in front of the courthouse. Then they got their big maven on there to scoop all Jeffrey a tuban guy. So we're talking about. But if we put it up, the stakes are enormous for Ken Lai. Yeah, if we're silly. And this because they're going to go to jail for a long long time. I know we do a vote of the day. You put that red door on the inside. That's it. How did you everything pop? That was good to make. They're skin. Well, you know, what's interesting is. They're skin. So, I think he's something. I don't know. He's been very skinned. A veil. Jeff, let me just dunk in here because we're getting worried that the jury has just entered the courtroom. So we do that. And then we'll hear what he's going to be. Oh, it's going to be good. He has basically said, I'm going to tell my story all along. So it's not a surprise if he took a stand. Much as I think that's not what he's hanging on the edge of the open. This is even more standing on the last door from the first door. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. They're covering the right side. Much of this to the audience handle it's fine. They're good news is, oh, this deserves the little drumroll. Very exciting boys in the world. Yes. Are we crossed by rigging between actually deciding? Why? I'm not? What did you just do it to home? I'm a more authentic, probably. It's 12. There we got that big 0. Still, it's 15 percent right now. No look at it before I'm Monday. Good afternoon. Hello I This guy. I said sure you want that time? Do we know Kibara Krabla de Wechera it's a holiday. Plus this is free for a radio anyway. bring the port of pipe, Josh, what do you think? Word. Now Josh also get off a noon, is that part of the deal? I'll be running that ear, buddy. Oh, no. We're waving a hasty. I discovered that yesterday, we're on a here at 1230. I should have taken my time. I should have waited a few hours. I should have waited about nine or two months. I'll let it work. I want a pretty regular schedule. Man, that's what I heard. The verdict reached in trial and had to keep putting that under. They got those microphones of her. The court on her. You see the problem is there is no cameras in the courthouse. So we can't see the jury presenting the judge with a verdict and having the thing red, but it would have been a group of this yearers. All we're going to do is guilty. I'll tell you, guilty. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Yes. Security fraud and false statements to our lawyer. Now waiting on the jury's verdict. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. I'll tell you through 51 for Jeff Scilling. Until now, all of you are going to charge in the court. I'm going to take a look at the tweet. I'm like, sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Jeff Scilling on all conspiracy security fraud and false statements to the auditors charge as a he-face. We are a lawyer. We're waiting for that verdict. Darren, but it doesn't look good. So, well, I'll wrap. It's for sure. I'm not sure. Are you serious? Queen. I'm not afraid of time. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is a clear, constant victory for the government and not just that. The fact that this jury came back so quickly. In the case like this, that's not the case for the lawyer. James is good money for the case. Three or four weeks. The fact that they came back this night. The killing of the judge, the evidence was so overwhelming. You heard beyond a reasonable doubt. It was just a closed case from the beginning. The evidence was so overwhelming against these guys that these jurors walked back into the room last week. They made guilty on all six counts in the end, Ron Trailer and conspiracy and fraud for Jeffrey Skillner, who was trying to make a killing. Are you a expense? Good. Send him up the river without a panel vote. Mm-hmm. That could news. Think they'll get butt raped and jail. We can only pray. Maybe they can get father gigant. Oh, man. 743 votes on a full speaking of father gigant. I got to stir him up pile here, which I better. I'll dig down for it. I'll dig deep. Oh, wait a minute. WCWAM, hello. Hey Neil. I have an idea for the station mascot. Yes. I would suggest it's a goldfish for three reasons. It's a small fish and a big sea. It's only worth about two bits and if that's going actually nowhere, it's a little tiny goldfish. Oh, like the size said, round and round, huh? That's it. Okay, thanks. Thank you, sir. Okay. Sounds fishy to me. Goldfish, put it on there. And anything that will attract a couple of extra votes. Just carry again on five or three drugs and doggy donors on our CA Victor by the way. I'll see you in Victor records. Remember those? Put a little dog. Mm-hmm. You know the dogs name? I have no idea. Yeah, no. Nipper. Oh, nipper. They started reals. No, no. What's your name? What is your name? I'm guiding light. I don't know you. Oh, bud. By all, man. Can you say, bud? I'm going to kill some people around that show. I just want to kill a whole bunch of them. Especially Lizzy, the original one and this one. Do it yet Illinois or some people say Illinois's. I don't know. I hate people saying Illinois says I do. Two brothers are selling the Roman Catholic Dices of Georgia claiming sexual abuse by two different priests. Oh my God. They were a type team. Dan Shanahan, say it was molested by the Reverend James Bernette and Tim Shanahan, since he was raped in an abuse by Reverend William Virtue. Oh, no. The Reverend Virtue. Both clerks were placed on administrative link earlier this year. Bernette was removed as fast as the cathedral of Saint Raymond while Virtue, while Virtue was a very virtuous guy was taken out of ministries at rural Perches in the Peoria and Rockford Dices. The brothers filed suits to the in Wil County Circuit Court bringing to 15. The number of suits pending against the Dices and will on DuPage counties. That's in Illinois. Dan Shanahan, 34, Phoenix Arizona, my public and February with this claim that for not molested him repeatedly for four years, they knew he was eight years old and 1978. Some of the lives in St. Securd and they can't fckish and say Mary Church in Moquina. The former Shanahan, 38, said Virtue raped at him and repeatedly incumbent on other abuses of beginning approximately in 1980 when he was a 10 year old altar boy. The alleged abuses began when Virtue caught Shanahan stealing a church that is attorney Jeff Anderson of Minneapolis. Virtue allegedly saw, guess he wouldn't have heard to us after all, allegedly saw to my Shanahan after church, rectum rate and then to woods near the church in the woods. Oh, my God, in the woods, he went out there and grabbed his goods. The dates cited in lawsuits, however, did not correspond to the men's ages. Kim Shanahan is serving a prison sentence that they've been a correctional center for drug possession and driving with a revoked license. Oh, wait a minute, my library just went off. Maybe it's a important email. It's not from TomPain.com. It's not from whom we've thought it might be. I'm done with him. I don't want to talk to him again. I don't want to know from him. He can go ahead and cast that check if it ever shows up. Maybe it's taken a long time to get there. I can only hope because I think I may cancel it. Anyway, after this abuse began, Tim's life spirals downward Anderson said at least one other man is also criminal abuse by Bennett Anderson and Dan Shanahan said the other guys victim is represented by a different attorney who didn't return calls to him. Come at, maybe it's normal. Can't. I sure hope not for a say. Both suits accuse the United States and Bishop Joseph Emech of negligence to connection with the alleged abuses. We're net 63 asserted that four perishes since he was a day and an encroached on the sure album where we'd hold straight. But how they've been bounced around transferred from one church to another. You know how that game goes. Yes, I did. This courseman for the power of pure dices didn't return a call seeking comment. Larry, I'm more than sure about the same priestess. This more isolated is there for only me how many thousand them. Not turn man. Not to mention of course the switch guard. Got only knows what's going on with him. Switchy stuff, I'm sure. I wouldn't surprise me including that very fishy switchy story that we had a couple years ago. That the love triangle. The love triangle. You bet you. 751 votes. I totally make 800. But so there's the big news Kenny Lake guilty on all six counts. Also found guilty in a separate bank fraud trial and fraud and uh... was yelling. Bad hair fraud and bad hair against your free skilling. A conspiracy in fraud. Excuse me and bad hair. All three counts. 753 in a full. We're not doing so bad. You have to carry on with some kind of a trial. I'm sorry. 10 past noon at five sixty. Nobody killed me. Got no hurricane hotline. That's why he's upset. What the hell is Thursday without hurricane hotline? Tuesday is Prince spaghetti day and Thursday is hurricane hotline day. What the hell is going on? Don't tell me we had a falling out with the what's in it with Donna's chilelli. That would be bad. Somehow. First we lose the dolphins and we lose the hurricane. God forbid we should lose the panthers. What the hell would we do then? And heaven forbid we lose those marlins or hotter than a pistol. A baby to one three in a row against a little girl's team. Now let's see who they play next. Oh the myths. The myths are in town this weekend. I bet you there would be a few people there for those games. So probably off from the York. You have that chance. Right. And a myths are on fire so far. They're after way to good start. So don't expect any more wins. It's 11 past noon at five sixty. But you can if you love voting that's pretty much the case with everybody who moves to South Florida or even visits. If you ever thought about buying a vote, if you thought about how much the expenses and of course the upkeep and all the grief that goes along with the taken and out and bringing it back and cleaning it up and patching around, forget about that stuff. Do the smart thing and get on the water with subnodicol by calling 1-800-Bolt rent right now. I pay the expenses of owning that vote when you can rent one totally hassle free. Join the club at ClubNodico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. You'll be amazed just how easy they make all these things for you. There are no docking costs. No expensive upkeep. No insurance. No hurricane preparation. When you have a vote on ClubNodico, it's totally stress free and really affordable too. It's a piece of cake. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. No getting in the boat ready because subnodico does it for you. No cleaning up either. They take care of all of these things. And ClubNodico just hop on your boat and go. When you're done pulling with a dock, it often walk away. It's that easy. Call ClubNodico at 1-800-Bolt rent. From unlimited voting to pay as you go from a small vote to your charters and everything in between, ClubNodico can handle it for you. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. And let ClubNodico take her plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today. The smart way with ClubNodico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. And tell them that Miss Duff told you to call. The fifth is Neil Rogers. The fifth is 5.16. The fifth is... The manager. I've had to go. Oh! Oh! Five months ago, it's me, Mega Mouse. From Disney's latest theme park in beautiful Damascus, Syria. It's a small mind after all. Now, what's that sound taking the kids to Disney Damascus? You know, because they blow up so fast. Come see Space Mountain Cave White House. Mr. Ben Laden's wild ride. That's like your Space Ranger spin. Insert into the Caribbean. And especially in the end of Jones in the Temple of Boom. And by the way, sure, please know that Transgender Relative Dance for not wearing a Berkhan. But what the hell is a matter with you people? I don't know what you've been spoken. But ever since Scooby Blooms help up, Eldon Alden-I. I've been trying to spread the word. The parked owns her, but as real as world class, acid-induced, technical and green people. So, come visit us. It's Disney World Damascus. We're Donald Duck doesn't wear pants, but our women are covered. And we're tomorrow, and a set in 1352. And for all you inpedels, am I seeing? See you soon. Hey, why? Why? Because we hate you. And all you asked. Oh, crap. See, came out of here yesterday. Roll the ice, roll it. Roll theorneys. Push them. Part two.isha, it moves me. Alright. Yeah That's like the worst song so we're gonna find out that CD for you Oh, I got one that will make you vomit So I was too short. Where the hell is it? Cutting all trying to figure it out Oh Oh Not so great the being crew yeah Cutting crew Branding That caught for that seven hundred sixty six votes on a poll. It's not so bad I have to keep doing out my canmelbor. He tried his best wasn't very good. We tried his best and there's the old file footage I'm taking a little Kenny boy lay away in handcuffs piece of crap Anyway, here's the skinny on that you want to skinny on it. All right. You need to go stupid as person that is here's the skinny Oh man and around a former chief executive Jeffrey Scilling and find her Kenny lay We're found guilty of conspiracy and fraud and the granddaddy of all corporate fraud cases just moments ago I'm a sister deliberations at your area of eight women in four men convicted of the former executives of misleading the public about The two financial health of N-Ron they should only croaked whose collapsed in late 2001 Similized the weave wave of corporate fraud. That's what the US only this decade Well, the new economy against the old economy and the new fraud against the old fraud. Yeah How come they didn't put their ass in jail too long with him? She was feeling was found guilty and and I'm gonna tell you what really you know it really It's so outrageous and it shows you how stupid so many people are you know This didn't cramer guy that they got on the gambling channel on CNBC The guy that they yanked off of their one time because of the fact that you know he had a conflict with his Remoting his own stuff And now he's got his own show and when I'm channel surfing here right now, and then I'll come he's a crazy person And he's talking about people investing their money and it's like a vodbill act You know, I mean we want to think if you're talking about you know What to watch the dishes with or Billy May is there something silly? He's talking about investing your money It's like a comedy act. Well, I guess when he come right down to it if it's right in With the fraud, so no it's a dog and pony show baby. It's all a big dog and pony show And whatever you people do the best advice I'll ever get you don't get sucked into buying that banjo But group ink BBGI Anyway Scaling was found guilty on 20 counts of conspiracy fraud false statements in insider trading It was found not guilty on eight counts of insider trading lay was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud Oh And the separate bench troves it's sim lake rule. They was guilty of four court counts of fraud and false statements Both lay and scaling could face 20 to 30 years Personally, you'll ask for it say oh, hallelujah The verdict is a major victory for the government. Marston at one of the most scandalous chapters in the history of corporate America And of course the way they say the way they say that like it's a major victory for the government Of course we're supposed to forget that Kenny boy lay was almost surrounded No secret energy meetings with the vice president absolutely Fun fact body Employee That's right. Oh and then after all the the uncovered all this scam like or Kenny who? We don't know Kenny boy used in base N realm over the hottest companies on Wall Street imploded in a matter of months After skilling across the design is CE in August 2001 lay who was chairman at the time post-bonders retirement plans to return to the helm and Ron's collapsed mark the first of the high profile corporate scandals that rocked the nation followed by world com global crossing Adelphi and Tycho the wave of fraud led the passage of the sarbanes Oxelaw the tender percent of how American companies are audited after government investigation that took four and a half years Prosecutious presented evidence that lay in skilling orchestrated conspiracy to artificially inflate profits Hide millions and losses and misrepresent the two nature of the company's finances The defense argued it was impossible to get a fair trial in Houston the epicenter of Enron's collapse over 16 weeks the government presented Trying to win this is including former top executives who testified that's killing a lay fostered a culture that put the companies Imagine stock price above anything else at any cost. Oh, yeah, let's put some lipstick on his pig Remember that that was yes, I was some other one. Let's put some lipstick on his pig right and Pedal into the poor on suspecting public out there so they can take their harder and money and sticking the dead my she-man outrageous Yeah stick that money in the dead my sheen those people ought to be in jail with those casinos I'm sure I'm damn sure that in South Florida and I can be doing that to the public are they they're gonna be doing that call 780 votes on a poll. We got that even would elect okay we get nine hundred I think that should satisfy even the most Nagging of the evoke counters. Do you think no Goldfish has two votes, by the way. Oh Here's the fact that says I usually don't listen to radio station out of ten to two but because of the heat playoffs I've turned in a few times over the past few weeks and now I know what's wrong with your station greed too many ads four out of five times I turn on QA I may hear commercials of them not doing your show Not doing the show cuz we have a limit in my contract. They can't remember more than 16 minutes an hour and sedan with thing We did because they'd be running like eight and they'd be running 80 minutes an hour I would guess that out of every hour at least 40 minutes of the easy to an ad station promo traffic sports updates The same update we painted over an over Wild Wild Z Wild Z when they have a cheap channel station you get at least 40 minutes to talk for our you think that's from Pete Volger Regardless of who the host is no one wants to listen to so many commercials Also, when is you gonna real a station? We got high here we go now We get here is the best paragraph. I take back whatever I just said because people the risen Spartan doesn't know this You read the second paragraph. I did and still touch in myself Also, when is your station when a realized that sports program should be limited to a few hours in the evening Like we say when I would be sports up six to 8 p.m. Revolutionary more more than enough to talk about And We have done it in the update in the morning How many times can one first listen to the same swivel repeated again and again at this point? You probably would be getting better ratings if you'd be referred to channel 56 Tiger Radio program. I think you got a good point Now what was that one thing? He's a tiger was that roby young? Yeah, what hey? How took I have that one? Do I? I must have because I might have been playing it, huh? Roby young. He's a tiger. I don't think that's it. I mean we got I see that I've worked I've worked for radio. Oh, yeah, I've got it. Just can it sports radio my ass I think I can find that damn thing damn it. Yeah, damn it is right. I do have Oh Oh, no No, let my ass The pain Gregory Abbott shake you down shake you booty Oh brother bring you down that's what I did. I'm gonna read that second paragraph again from this very anonymous astute broadcast Well, obviously inside job When is your station gonna realize that sports program should be limited to a few hours in the evening? How many times can one person listen to the same swivel repeated again and again at this point? You probably would be getting better ratings if you'd be referred to channel 56 Tiger Radio program That's sure of seven ten to two. We're still doing pretty them well First thing since we're surrounded with you know ones and twos and oh See that they thought the only old we had was the big-o early in the morning surprise We got two more oh two to three and three to four oh as an 0.5 We could do better having just a transmitter ranked vibrating sounds for two hours between two and four Oh my god that vibrating sound Yeah Wow don't forget that'll be on it to two try to remind try to over look at 1227 and five 60 WMF the melting pot Man they got some really good stuff waiting for you a four core standing experience like always said it when you go to the melting pot Don't eat all day do a little right maybe have a snack for lunch. That's right because this isn't just another meal You know, I'm not just a burger or steak even it's a fantastic four core six experience We're gonna be dipping in dunking man and there's nothing like dipping in dunking enjoy a variety of unique Contrason special melting pot dipping sauces Start your dinner route with a belly pot. We now cheese fondue serve with three different braids when he's with apples crisp veggies even stick your thumb in there man Next to choices salads all of the melting pots homemade dressings and then the enthrays include lobster For lay menu on shrimp kajan season chicken pork port about our mushrooms duck and last more cooked in oil and broth and the sauces are fantastic But don't overdo it because you're gonna want to save a lot of room for dessert. Oh God in fact The melting pot dessert is like the entire experience the chocolate fondue is so good It'll put you in a heaven dip your fresh strawberries bananas pineapple all your favorite fruits in there Plus your cheesecake and brownies topped off with tasty marshmallow's rolled in crushed Oreos and Graham crackers It'll send your blood sugar's sky rocketing to the moon the melting pot. They're all over town So if you want something delicious and different and inexpensive This is a place for you take the whole gang this weekend to the pot nearby you you'll find a melting pot and four-laterdale Corel Springs, Boca, North Miami Beach, Kendall and most prestigious Cooper City This is the new This is five 16 Roger This is an ABC news special report I've asked for a few minutes of your time to discuss the reform of America's immigration system Mexico is our neighbor and our friend America can be an open door to the future the borders should be open to criminals drug dealers and terrorists the men and women of our board of patrol are doing a fine job and over the past five years They have apprehended and said home about six people in Inorenal America illegally and most are sent back home within 26 years Thank you and good night From finishing up my cash-shoes from this name my planter is cash-shoes. Yeah, ladies are good like cash-shoes very much They're probably high in something bad they're salted first probably out of good huh big deal I've let you remember my blood pressure just fine. They're really good 795 votes on a pool bad pull me a apologize in advance and my can Melbourne will come to each year homes and give you a big kiss on the cheek Whatever cheeky show them back home Just as this is way of making a men's for this really a smart me pool of day Should be our worst problem five six seven oh five sixty but it ain't what is our worst problem? Oh, where do we start? Ha ha ha ha ha No, you're not gonna start in again, are you? Don't know me. Just figured it out. What's that? I think that Joel Bell and Norma probably are in some kind of a meeting together probably we haven't closed doors Maybe they looked maybe they're on a cruise that could be it for a cruise Uh-huh with Rosie no you're cruising this game Boulevard There are a lot of us used to do that many years ago. Why up and down the old Boulevard Yeah Even in Hollywood there by the Hollywood circle or a lot of guys used to cruise around that circle. I did not know that Not that I ever did that well What is this? It's a good thing. There's not too many of these left. You want to think about nuts? Yeah, okay just one No seriously there is because they're carbohydrates. Uh-huh. Oh, are you gonna start? What is their carbs? You did they stimulate your appetite So can you you could also have a few fake tens of planners cancels and you could practically do at least I could it's a whole damn thing There's no question there really damn good They're addictive love cashers The favorite of course 500 of man you go nuts. How many Q a I'm hello? I love eating nuts. How many Q a I'm hello? Okay, yeah, that was good. I like the way that worked out very well. See the way that works till the nice little niche Well, no, I'm saying is that I got the kill two birds who won bang there Give me more bang for the buck W Q a I'm hello How are you? W Q a I'm hello Hey, you know, yes, sir. I want to comment on the commercial the fact that those other patients have so such long partial May 40 minutes an hour is the disservice that happens to the advertisers because I was in the top right all the time and there's really called answer I'd listen to your commercial with no fucking before minutes These other commercials that are 20 minutes long when I hear it come on I just turn it off right Which of course the patient? It's like during those breaks on the steering show they used to go on for like 17 18 20 minutes Who did I write mine is good listen and who what what advertised you with any kind of a brain? Once to put his a spot in the middle of 20 minutes commercial break who does that be listening to it? I agree with that You might want to point that out your man. Oh, yeah, if we ever fight out where they are okay. Thanks, honey Who they are and where they are? So how big now? I'm sure that since we talked about it I'm sure you're fearless later probably poke his little head in the door I'm wrong How's everybody they do that no, oh really? Wow this mystery is really deepening isn't it? Okay, you don't think so I'm fine. You don't think it's coincidence and he just kind of like vanished off the face of the earth Well, he's got that other station and managed over there down the road a piece I had out of here kiss my ass Oh, I'm down. There's a comment that I didn't do a very good reading of that. There was a comment or somewhere I think between mine as Look or to comma like a little hook eight hundred and six votes They can't choose are done. That's bad. Let me get started eating on the area. I Don't do that. It's a very bad habit. It's disgusting and it's grotesque and you guys Let me know what's he doing all the time except today? Probably that's because they're a no food in there probably 807 on there in a goldfish has got two we got two goldfish But down at a fan's mock crucifixions. She is defended a controversial mock crucifixion interstate Show saying it is part of an appeal to the audience to donate to eight ceremonies I don't think Jesus will be mad at me in the message. I'm trying to send she told the New Yorkity news You see you shouldn't be nuts That's salt little too salty for me. You can US church groups could then the start after the singer began a 51 day world tour in LA A church of England statement asked by Madonna felt to need it promote herself by offending so many people Madonna performed the valid live and lived to tell while suspended from a giant neurot cross on sonny's opening night I wonder if he had a crucifix life in the Blair It varies images of poverty in the developing world where shown on video screens while numbers take the way to represent the 12 million African children orphaned by AIDS Jesus taught me that we should love that neighbor Madonna's home newspaper And she loves them often David we were the evangelical lines if you've received a blatant insensitivity With that is use of Christian imagery as an abuse and it's dangerous. He said Feet should drop it from the tour and people need to find their own means of expressing their disapproval This is not the first time the pop star's conscience about what we did a thing about like a version The video for like a pair also brought condemnation from groups to me. It was blasphemous to confess in world-shore or written in You are You're what are your breath Well again, you know what is special if she came into the room at home, but that's oh yeah, oh man, what a stench guy You and she's in the funk music And don't forget she's in that juice for a game All right, oh, he's in Okay, it's enough of that People are having tried and have their lunch now. It's right in middle. They always saw the hurt that don't dislike coincidentally, but what's wrong with Two commercial love what's wrong with What's it what was that big hit she had? Which one she had that million? None and the very commercial one we want to like a bad geez border line border line I don't like it. Why not? I bet you got it though. Oh, yeah, I got them all. Let's hear a little border line. What's wrong with border line? I don't like it I think it's just fine. There it is. It's just What's wrong with it? Don't like it. Do you like that song, Josh? I'll tell you in a second Get out of here. You don't know from border line. Oh No, I do yeah Yeah, next today Yeah, I want to expand that pan I'm using pretty Oh, this is the longer it is. Good I don't think it's a commitment. Is there a new format on QAN? I'm a donner I'm a band X expanded room So that I got your favorite Madonna song right I don't that's the only Madonna song I like now You like this when you play it all the time You put it in the car you dance to it. You're boxy. It sounds awfully gay. It's me. It's a it's especially gay I love eating nuts She gripped about Bertocen Pedro last night. Maybe she knows what's his name. What ever happened to him anyway? Who? Albertos and Pedro son. Oh, I don't know. I'm like keeping track of that 20 till one and five 60 WQA and we got 800 and 10 vote. We're gonna make 900 today. That'd be okay, wouldn't it? I've Joshua that are like really lean on it and big and we could have controlled us on Instagram It's 2000 you know what we really don't care. Oh, we still got a chance to get out in here. You're crazy. I'm telling you there ain't no chance in your pants I'll tell you that right now in no way chance for a thousand see after all of this time you you've got to go with a flow You've got to know where it's got to be at a given time. You understand what he said And send that a 1241 if we got eight or 12 votes and we need 180 votes in an hour and 20 minutes You're hyperventilating man. You're you're doing a heavy duty heavy substance. You're like Got those awful shrooms man for mumps it on you're soaking in it. Oh wait till we get to that warm-arts story like that Got a good anti-warmarts story. Let me just click it once before we do the break now. Maybe maybe you got a point Maybe they're gonna go enough for us here. It really comes through a big time, huh? We had eight 12 before I clotted and now we got eight 12 16 Marissa, but not a may see clue swearing another but silver grots is at mental colors But when it comes to cash let me tell you this my baby is tight with a bus But don't it doesn't travel first class. No it's that she backs your body and jokes in a box We the absolutely flies and there's a fair how you get there Be just like John Finsett and early morning pick-ups. Was it overnight delivery guaranteed? Just a little bit Now to be honest with you, I was gonna play with Donna bit. I wanted to play Madonna's pull my fingers Oh, yeah, what you don't think that's a great bit. It's an excellent bit that will be able to play But against to a certain point well we can play a part of it. Yeah, like the first five seconds. No That's the wrong part. So you're gonna hear so There you go. We play that that's more than five seconds. Yeah, now my kid Melburn's getting defensive about the pulled up He defensive Mike and he and it was my bad. You know we left off Josh. What's he just pull? Ah, huh, and I bet that's gonna get a lot of votes on this thing see if we if we the head that on there We'd be like a 900 right now. We'd be bubbling under we'd have it lit just like that bubbly We'd have it looked like that broads toes in the car That's still cracks me up. Anyway, he says sorry about the pull Neil must not have it up hatred in it's his Michael Melbourne and you're right Mike that's a good point and I hate this pull as they hate for that they're looking for they got to hate something even if it's only the pull they hate it Like that That's what's point Mike So let's get that on there right away because we got a 24 if we can come close to 900 by the top of the hour, which I think is is silly That's just ain't gonna have we don't have that many people listening Especially since we stopped taking those great phone calls. I was Georgia's idea, but five say oh, here's that story You're gonna like Perkili's California The Herkili City Council voted unanimously Tuesday night to take the unprecedented step of using eminent domain to prevent Walmart from building a big box door On a 17 acre lot near the city's waterfront. Oh right The vote caused most of the 300 people who had packed Herkili City Hall for the meeting to break out in cheers and applause The city of Herkili's is very unique people from the outside after understand that said Herkili's vice president at Valco just before the vote by smear During a 90 minute public comment period that proceeded to vote nearly everyone who spoke urged the council to fight Walmart Good, throw the bombs out Herkili's raise and see Kirby said the putting Walmart. I wonder if either so curbies Walmart will never understand what we want Another resident need to Roger fields is press concern For small businesses in the city, singly it could be driven out of business by the discount store which occurs is what Walmart does best besides slave wages Walmart is the worst thing that could after our community. She said they want to crush the competition Just like all the rising of man, huh? We will crush them like a big steam roar The vote is the latest twist in a battle between the city and the discount chain store Which wants to build a store under the city's historic waterfront The city contends Walmart's plan to build this concert is not fit with its plans to develop the waterfront into a pedestrian oriented village with high-end shops and homes Some residents were infuriated that Walmart had warned that if the city council voted for him in a domain the move would cost a city millions I'd like to be threatened and they threatened my community Bob Stiner a CPN magician who lives in Herkili She said after the vote on magic he's a CPN magician Oh, god, I don't get any way Looks magic free attacks. Yeah, he just waves that magic wand and all the Senate government owes you a million dollars Only about four people spoke in favor of Walmart the city has no one in t's that anybody's going to develop the property if they take away from Walmart Said herkili's resident Andre Wilson. Well screw you on Ray following the vote Walmart spokesman Kevin lost guitar said Walmart would evaluate the situation and decide what to do next What they're going to the screen repeal a banana. Well screw them Somebody with a brain hates Walmart like poison evil on American anti-American and not only that. We don't like them Okay, see I hate this pulls already got a pair and just use this barely put that on there So that was a good way to maybe salvage it might maybe Mike and Melbourne will save his own poll 831 votes. I don't think so I think we got started on this bad wagon a little bit too late now, but you never know 83 they're coming in and pairs now in next pairs side by each We need 160 seven and I what we got 60 80 minutes that that's only two a minute But for I'm saying I think we could actually do it if you put the full court press on right now Of course leave out in that equation. We want to start with an MBA crap. How about those flavors last night? I don't see a minute of it. I wish I'd come home really and see no whole game We should have walked away from that machine man. Oh What are they doing to the public? Seriously, I very seldom you know you when you when you lose you lose you know I did not not gonna change my life But I was so angry there last night. I just want to take a shotgun and start blowing people away You know just put a helmet not pretty special reason just for the hell of it and that's crazy A university of saying now this is in that Minneapolis, okay? This is gonna piss you off kind of punk's kind of brainwashed brain dead Mesmerized idiots he looks like Jerry Surners a matter of fact his name is Ben Kessler The university is St. Thomas honor is graduate of school. There's fellow seniors at Saturday's commencement ceremony for being selfish Apologize this week for offending people to bring us politically charged speech Ben Kessler an academic academic columnar Cough football player plans to become a priest Chastize students for using birth control criticized them for a recent food fight And I'll tell the same party universities controversial policy against law and I'm married faculty and staff members in romantic relationships to room together on school Trifcent of all students Then you got into other figures in society and one of my classmates next to me stood up and walked out said that the whole graduating senior Who's family traveled from Hong Kong for the celebration and it prepared similar release this week by saying Thomas Kessler said They've either tried in the speech school. It's back at some issues faced by the University in society and then look ahead Instead of providing hope for all I offended somebody my words Kessler said I sincerely do apologize a week person of I offended Well, yes, well, they don't accept it. Okay, Ben you jackass you get ski. He's been he's a football player He's gonna be a priest and of course I'll continue to I was naked with young guys. I apologize to we don't accept it Kessler 21 of Jamesville Wisconsin. Oh, look at this I'll get back to them to say now. What is this you notice the name is blocked out on this? Yeah, it's a dime He's like this. I died I had iron again chronic. Oh God telling the stuff we already knew it says usually Jim man I'll then the luckily spelled man. It's M in eight men which Jim man which quote this station stands for nothing. We graduated WQM is misleading That's not originated WI do when Brian Cox was printing the student station fill him here above above Who cares about that okay, which it applies whatever to help we use it, okay I love it when people tell us where we get the drop right we want to go up into here Like Mr. Hotch I probably some stupid board up that got came to die with these Mr. I know right now They're chronic here really chronic cars now. We got to worry about the chronic factors But I know what we're gonna do to them We're just gonna trace the facts. Isn't have something go to their home, you know, and just sit on their doorstep Making sounds like like that or even worse like that all day and all night keep awake Kesley 21 of Janeville was consul as invited to speak after receiving me 2006 Tommy award given a two to a single senior in voter students for staff and faculty He was a start offensive tackle for the Tommy's and attend the viewer that sounds so gay The Nick Josh little Bayer the Tommy's and attend the University's minor seminary St John V. Annie where he made you in philosophy and finished he graduated with a four point oh Great point average well big deal Present for his 15 minutes speech at Oshanasi stating my school's campus where our special period Flynn Other dignitaries and more than I had read with the speech prompted bullying and walkouts even more than John McCain Goodbye to way you know he's got some nerve for putting those kids there in a new college on McCain Yeah, you know, they don't want to learn new things now They they heard the same old crap from you before okay You know one learn new things you political pan deraille and he's there with that fat-faced Jerry fall-well piece of crap Oh God Anyway, it says it's start he started out pretty well meaning a bend and then out of nowhere comes these bombshells about things He seemed that irritated him said Chris Kernie graduating senior from hitting Minnesota never been a Minnesota view Yes, they don't like Jews there the heart of the speeches about making selfish decisions So when I went up to get my diploma after where I told him he made some good points about being selfish and he's the man It was selfish enough to run hundreds of people those graduations Kernie said you go baby Chris Several students were seeing crying while others holler to get Kestler off the stage Brandon Maleski a 2002 Santa's graduate was in the crowd of watches girlfriend get her diploma Doesn't the students literally start a walk-in-out when he brought up birth control issues and a one-point I thought a riot would break out Maleski said I give him credit cuz he kept on going when everybody started bullying and hechling And one point he was talking about the meaning of two happiness and somebody in the audience stood up and screamed I'll be happy when your speech is done right The Reverend then is these St. Todd is in decent that same time as president said in the prepared statement that he accepted Kestler's apology And then he regrets it regrets that graduate family and guess were offended I've shared my sentiments with Mr. Kestler that was not appropriate from to use the commitments a commensain exercise as Avenida expresses opinions on several issues Not a screw you been jackass the priest of a good place form will pay probably do a lot of unpopular things like molesting all the boys stuff like that When surprised me I mean and goes to show you don't let your kids shower with other kids naked because they're all the same I don't want to go to the priesthood. I don't want to start in fading the rectum rate and that's bad And it somehow a 50 man. I think we got I don't know what do you think? 64 minutes 150 not starting out. I don't know. I hope it's starting to fade fast I thought once you put I hate this pool on it does have seven Here's the true test for this audience, baby. We got it's 12.56. We got 64 minutes. We need a right On our website when you say the quiet right a quiet feeding frenzy ride Hey, but it's a one to two hour 16. 140 votes in an hour. You can do it. I got a leave on it crank it It'll be full. I called on. Who is when she's up here I'm leaving uh-huh Reason They know right Come out your message I'll come Now I ain't andÃ©nt It doesn't make you local president See evil Okay, it's one on one. We got 59 minutes. We need, let's see. Let me refresh it. Probably still 860. What do you think? Oh, 864 to coming in in small chunks. It's a little teeny tiny chunks. Just like those tidbits. If W. M. had a mascot, what should it be? A fat you three and a 13 and a meba. We should have put jelly fish, but we'll stick with a me, which is that was the mic. Oh, one ninety seven. A jackass 149. A bull because they're full of bullshit 84. A hyna for the high pitched. That comes to your radio standing in two by the way. A hyna 59 cowardly line 58. A vampire bad for bloodsecking salespeople 12. I hate this pool eight and a goldfish five. 864. We can do it. I thought chocolate is never been hiding in just, look at that. There's five more. 869. 131. They're rallying. Huh? They're rallying. Are they making a rally rally? rally rally? All right. Let's see if this audience can really do it. I know they sure has held it. If back when we had that phony kid Greg Coatrex blog pool. Remember that would be a people with friends with each by the way. You know, we were the only ones on a station as usual. We're one's and have to like stick our ass out there on the line the limb and the rest of the people. You know, all the same old. Just like that fast said before, the same stuff over and over. I mean, when we give you a lot of crap on this show, but at least we give you a different crap, right? Right? Every day it's different crap. I mean, listen, for example, in two good stories, thank you very much for a rough past these in St. Louis, a middle school teacher was arrested after police said he showed up at school drunk as one of the students to fetch Koeniac, then fondled a student that made sexual Mark to another. The teacher still ain't Johnson, which charged with misdemeanor assault and a misdemeanor count of disturbing the piece. The school system will seek to have him fired it and said Craig Williams should pretend to public schools and say, Louis, Johnson 50 van and industrial arts teacher at the pro at military academy, a maggot school in the district. Pro it. I wonder if he's kind of Greg Pro it play for the Cleveland Browns and Mike Pro it for also play for the Cleveland Browns. 876, what do you think? You can do it. What's your analization Josh? It's going to be 7. Huh? It's going to be tough. We need 123 in 57 minutes. That's just a little more than two a minute. That's like whatever you have 37. I'm sorry to me. I'll come out with a zillians of people. We got listening out there. Half on that pole baby. Half on it. Give it a shot. After arriving at the school Monday morning, police say Johnson asked his student to be treated bad, containing a bottle of Koeniac from it. Actually, you know who's following this that we don't have the 1,000 already? Who? Mine. Oh. You want to know why? Why? Because they're narrowly, I've put the next days pole on there. Round you'll be 25, 7 right or clock a night and I think you can home to like midnight or 1130. So it would be way over 1,000 already. So I don't know why you keep pitching out Mike and Melbourne who you know. Again, what are you pitching them out for? Doesn't matter. It's my fault. Which me out. Anyway, this is too important to a pass over. After arriving at school Monday morning, police said Johnson asked the student to retrieve a bad, containing a bottle of Koeniac from his car. Police then said Johnson rub the bottle and thigh of a 13 year old girl and directed a sexual mark at another 13 year old girl. He rubbed the bottle and thought, the principal order of the teacher has been teaching for 22 years to leave after becoming aware of his behavior. Johnson complied but returned to short time later was arrested. We're going to send a hit and bottle of booze was founded Johnson's classroom. Maybe he wanted to share. Not because he was right. There you go. That's just a booze you wanted to share all his great. He said it's all good. 877. It would be really bad if we came real close like on a virgin and then oh 89 now there's a nice jump. See this is like coming to the election day. Only we don't have an inwood Bible so we can't face a result like Bush can. 89. Man, that's fine. Need 100-11 in 50-5 minutes. Now do the math on that. That's almost exactly two a minute. We can't do that. We might as well. We're not coming back tomorrow. Okay. We can't get to a thousand by one and by two o'clock. We're not coming back tomorrow. Any of us. Right? Is that a deal? Sure. Let's do the Masonic the, oh, now let me see. That's right. Saturday morning, a 10-year-old watch said so. That's right. And then Monday morning we want your amalization because that's right up your alley and that's your area of expertise. Right. Worthless crap. We're all at ancient. We're at, and that's just worth a scrap. An ancient worthless crime. You bet. Sydney Nebraska. A jug set a five-foot one-man convicted of sexually assaulting a child was too small to survive in prison and gave him 10 years probation instead. I think he's the new sales guy. Let's about time they short people caught a break. Right. That's right. His crimes deserve the long sentence, this rich judge Christine Kavakas said, but she worried that Richard W. Thompson, if it would be especially impaled by prison dangers, you are a sex defender. You did it to a child. She said, but he said, that doesn't make you a hunter. You know, if it in that category Thompson will be electronically monitored. The first war must have his probation. And was told to never be alone with someone under AJ 18 or date or live with a woman who's children were on the 18. So Kavakas also ordered Thompson to give you a winner his pornography. He faces three days a jail. Each year his probation must he follows his conditions closely. I want control the entire new integrated change in your life, the judge's told Thompson. I truly hope that my bet on you being okay out in society is not misplaced. Okay. That was this about guys marrying women and heavy young children. I happen to know two people like them. I'm not going to use their names on the ear. I think you know who both of them are. Okay. No, and I take that back. I know three people. All right. I know who two of them are. Well, no, I'll tell you the other one tomorrow. All right. No, you know who the other one is. It's just not registering right now. Okay. Put it anyway. All 10 minutes. Who did exactly that? They married what? Anyway. 900 votes. We can do it now. I can smell it. Can you smell it? Smells something. Good. God. Man. What an aroma. 900 votes. And yeah, we got to hand this one a judge because if we wouldn't have started persevering, we never would have done it. Because I just gave up. And it goes to show you all you people out there with absolutely no talent, whatsoever, and basically no life. Don't ever give up. Okay. I have no life. Don't give up. Just like some of the people that we keep dumping and rejecting, they never give up. Do it. No, they never will. Well, let's say. They never give up the ghosts. I hope you like this. WCWM. Hello. So please, you have to. See, I love that. Because then I can kill two birds with one click. I like that. This is working better than I ever dreamed of. Demonstrates would be barred from disrupting military funerals and national cemeteries under legislation approved by Congress and sent to the White House. Now, this credit fell. So when he does it, next time he start your car, Fred. Yeah. It is daughter. Yeah. Yeah. Another one. The measure passed by voice vote in the House Wednesday, hours after the Senate passed in a many diversion, specifically targets a Kansas church group, Fred Philips in his far bison that a stage protests in military funerals around the country, claiming the deaths were a sign of God's anger at US tolerance of homosexuals. The echo protect the sanctity of all 120 of our national cemeteries is shrines to the gallant dead. Senate majority leader Bill Fist said private of the Senate vote. It's a sad but necessary measure to protect which it be recognized by all reasonable people as a solemn private and deeply sacred occasion he said. Another Senate bill approved without objection by the House would know recorded vote. The respect for America's fall on Hero's Act would bar protests with entry under feed the entrance of a cemetery and within 150 feet of road into the cemetery from a 60 minutes before to 60 minutes after a funeral. Those violating the act would face up to $100,000 fine up to a year in prison. The sponsor of the House bill representative Mike Rogers of Michigan said he took up the issue after attending military funeral as home state where mortars were greeted by chance and toning and some of the most vile things ever heard he said. Families deserve the time to bury their American heroes with dignity and NPC said Wednesday before the House vote. The demonstrators are led by the anxious the insane reverend Fred Felfs of the picker Kansas who has previously organized protests against those who died of AIDS and game murder victim Matthew Shepard. And any of you after the House bill passed, Felfs said Congress was blatantly violating the First Amendment rights to free speech and passing the bill. He said if the bill becomes law-held continuing to demonstrate the order by by the restrictions. Senator Pat Roberts, Republican from Kansas said the loved ones of those who died have already sacrificed for the nation. It must allow them to write to more without being thrusting their political circus. In a way, circus who's going to save us from the circus that's become QAM, huh? Who's going to save us from the circus? It's right here to be that Norma, not that child. Maybe you like in the hospital, but like so, maybe you got the hemorrhides. You want to say what you said? Maybe he is on a hot date with the Joe Bell. I don't know. Have you seen Joe Bell as he? No, no, no, no. Joe Bell is out to lunch with Clarence and Bruce Beesley. Out to lunch with Clarence and Bruce Beesley. That's right. As in Beesley, Bebe G. I. That's right. It's in banjo blood. You'll think, oh man. Maybe he's getting fired at this. It would be really good. I think that's a hell of a mess. Maybe they're firing Bruce. That's an even better idea. He, and now, what did you say out to lunch? Did you put a period at the end then? Yeah, I'm doing it. I have to answer that. That was a rhetorical question. 913 old being. How do you like that? We got 49 minutes and we only need 87 votes. That's a piece of cake. We will do it. That means we might show up again tomorrow. This guy and I see this guy said as two good stories. Now he's in a feeding frenzy, but thanks anyway. Yeah. That's okay. It's good. It's funny. Orange County, and this is Orlando. Orange County Deputy Sheriff was backed by his own stun gun when he's doing a scuffle with a suspect authority said about nine o'clock last night. Deputy Joseph Ingraham. I wonder if he's going to Dave Ingraham. Pulled over a driver at Holden Avenue in Orange, Boston Trail, and the man took off running. When Ingraham caught up with him, he used his Department of Shoot Taysuit to subdue him. After the initial shock demands he jumped up and wrestled with Ingraham during the struggle. The man burned the Taysuron Ingraham. The suspect to refuse right in the fight. I'm not sure if the weapon Ingraham was not serious danger. The man was arrested and charged as not having a tag assigned to his vehicle, driving with our license and resisting with violence. All of these. Other names is okay. Now where did you find that information out? He's out to lunch with clearance and bruised beeslee. Wow. Robert Creeper told me. Oh, Robert Creeper told you. How come he's not in on the lunch, huh? Our consultant. He's only middle level management. Now you forgot. He's moved up several notches in the atotem pool. Yeah, nine notches. Man. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he was there orchestrating the whole thing. Just like that bandleader, you know, in standing in the shadows a moatown. I wouldn't be surprised if Robert's there, but his arms, you know, flailing all around. Of course, I wouldn't be the first time. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, it's almost Memorial Day man. It's coming up on Monday. Time for mattress and furnitures to run their phony seals when they double the price. And then they say, we're going to be half off. Well, what kind of a big sum is that? Don't waste time and money grab it around shopping for a mattress. Save like never before when you call valamacris and 1 800 m. Right now. The prices are lower than the mall stores even during these so-called half off sales that they pull on the every year at this time. And only valamacris delivers from eight in the morning till 10 and night every day, same day, the liaries available for you call right now. They can be there before the day is out. And like always, you choose the day in time for living with a tour. One of that's convenient for you. That's why valamacris continues to be ranked number one of the world for the best customer service in the business. And they don't have any off-brand crap. They got only the top names in the business. valamacris has the complete line of silly, surdu, Simmons, King Coil, Stearns and Foster, who are tempering all the brands you know what love and color. And when you get 1 800 m. Press on the phone, you'll get the best prices on the best brands. I've been using them for years and if you've got a half a brain, you'll avoid all those betting in the Department stores, those phony sales. And you'll save yourself a lot of gas, time, and money too. So pick up the phone right now and call 1 800 m. Press or shop online at macros.com. It's like a baby as soon as tonight on a great new macros from valamacris call 1 800 m. ATTR ES. Leave off the less as because it stands for stupidness saving. This is a new russ. This is 5 16 10 Goldberg. We've been wanting 7 to 10. The year before the Ficiel O'Neill came on, we were basically one game left and what we've done up to this point. That sucks off. That was in round two. Yeah, well both are high this year. I mean the next year in Stakeles for a year they went 7 games with Detroit in the conference final. They were one game beat. They went 7 games in the conference final. Moron had one more on this morning show was going to well. He called for 7 to 10. Sports when you buy 6 to 7. He is. See the break in Lafabla with Neeron. I thought there was a guy sitting next to me at wood by me today. He leaned over and sneak one. Right then I direction two maybe was that a trail coming. So rude just looks at me the other way. Yeah, no there was a guy in the other side two when I was a him better. Now what what the hell is that? I mean it was so obvious to him. He made a real obvious and then he felt it nice well. Neerodgers weekdays from 10 to 215 CQA. Introducing the 2AM box office presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday the QAM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events. Thank god the QAM box office on Sport Radio 560 QAM. So white hot play opposition of Miami heat zone. Wednesday at 830 with the hammer. What you buy? Kindle Toyota. Number one on US1 just out of T-Lay Mall. You're isn't the key to a healthy project South BMW on US1 just out of the vaults. These march drives out. So white hot playoff edition of the Miami heat show featuring that Riley or Randy Fund once you agree with that hammer and exclusive presentation of 560 QAM. Log on to www.QAM.com and enter the I really need a Florida vacation right now contest to win a trip for 4 to Orlando Florida winners will see if the on the Orlando resort at champions gates party, you'll come see us free at GamesC mucha community Facebookern Which is 31stæ²’äº‹ Guys guys Mads promoting strong detainages forreno 905 Ð´ ä»– ä»–ä»€ä¹ˆç”¨é‡è¿†å¥ˆæ¨ tu ÑÐ¼Ñ‹Ñilla HERM AFRAND IN IT HE'S BY TIN Go back to what? Gotta go cast a vote. Hey, Tony. Oh, you ran it for this. That's a decision to have any booze. Wasn't it 27 years ago? You went swimming in the sand, you shoot. Hey. I know the Kennedy avoid the bus stop. Witside can you trust? Throwing at me in town, any hit the town. Kennedy avoids the bus stop. Cops. I'm gonna try your home. We're not the Kennedy avoid the bus stop. I'm gonna try my best. I'm gonna try my best. I'm gonna try my best. Why am I after the strova? One in ten and five systems finally got a response from normal. We've been in court all morning and went around for that. I'm not interested. I've been in court and he's been courting this somewhere in a way. I don't know. They'll shin it. I'm gonna say aye then. He's gonna meet with Joe Bell next week and Joe's having lunch with him. Of course he doesn't know that. How he does. With Bruce Beesley and Clarence. Oh my God. The brain trust. I think we're out of the woods now. How do you? I don't know that. All right. Paul A. Molly especially with Clarence about that. Only Robert Creeper and Abesca be on that meeting. We probably sell all the problems, not just in the radio station, but at the universe by midnight by 330. I'm 36. What do you thought? What's your take? I think you can do it. We can do it. Yeah. That means we need 64 in 41 minutes. I mean that's like one and a half, a minute. Now if you're under five two, your vote only counts half. So let us know that. 9. 37. Now they really do their doing their damn best. They're proud of like hallmarked a sender very best. 9. 38. That's pretty great. So we need 62 in 41 minutes. Like I said, that's exactly one and a half for isn't it? Right? Right. Okay. So it's not the greatest point. It's put up there in time. And Mike and Melbourne free is really bad about it too. But then again, if you don't get to a thousand, we just won't come back tomorrow. Oh, you'll be pleased to hear this. Marie Antoinette. The long-awaited feature for Moscow winning West Director Sophia Coppola with a big nice, who is booed by audiences at the Cannes Film Festival. booed. Kiss. The movie, film on location in Versailles, tracks the life of the 14 year old Austrian princess from her rival at the French court to the final strumming of the palace by Angry Mobbabas. Marie Antoinette is played by a Christian Dunst. Yeah. I was in. What? What? I've done a hoodsumpting the back there. Here? Yeah. Yeah. You probably did. That was Carlos Picari coming in to tell us that you know, we're not ending to show the normal way today. We're going to be playing music to the top of the hour until until one other. We play the ID because we'll be playing the out of these studios. We'll be playing the hurricane's game. How big are you, pardon? I don't understand the details. We're not going to be ending with sure the normal way. No. Normally we hit an ID and it can take that hurricane baseball game and they can step over to Mundo, China. Okay, especially since I'm not doing it. We can play something that cool music you've been playing or not. Maybe not the 80 stuff. But how long? No, at the top of the hour he is going to hit the ID. He's going to do one. He's going to hit the ID at the top of the hour. You can just play some music into that and then we're going to be playing this studio. It's going to be playing. My name is. My name is. You know, the house owner is when George comes in a morning game just like this morning. The studio is going to be like turn upside down and inside out just like today. That's right. Give me some of the do. You know, it's like a hood. I'm getting out of my music for the top of the hour going to the hurricane game. Ever played those like, you know, brainfishers or whatever. No. I can move it to the keys and I'm pretty stupid. That's how a lot of the board is going to work. Okay, that's what we'll tell you to do the top of the hour. Do a run up to that hurricane game. Do we know who they're playing and realize the games are K-T. But I can find out. No, no, it's not. It's not important. Don't knock yourself out. No, I'm going to find out. Re-infinite is played by Kristen Duns turning into a charming performance as the teenage were of a lot to see into a life of excess to relieve her boredom and loneliness within the courts to comfort. It had been expected to be a strong contender for the ponder or as the festival begins to count down towards Sunday's top award. Copila who made the widely claimed lost in translation as seen as a gifted director Kivulosatal political worker in the screen, but despite some stress sets and costumes and a racking rock and roll soundtrack. The film is a disappointing, unconvincing story that prompted sniggers at points and booze with stroud out the scattered applause. Snickers and snickers. Snickers. Snickers. Yeah. How do you like that? Oh yeah. That's the couple of four. That's right. That probably would have gotten the standing ovation in the movie of people that know what they know about. You know, there's actually a very bad news that you're telling us here because it fails at directing. She might go back to acting. Oh, I'm a thing. So unless Danny starts making more movies again, keep in mind that he's the one with all that nepotism that put us in. Yeah. As father did the music and she was in a movie and you know, everybody the got some or spuckle was in her man. And by the way, if the beesies don't know what that means, I asked you why she'll tell you that bitch. 950 votes on a poll. We need 50 votes in 37 minutes. That's oh, so you know how it's so close. Right? You can taste it. You can reach out and practically touch it. Oh, so close. I've had moments like that when you see what. We see somebody who, well, you better not. You know, that's right. You'll smash mouth. But you're so close to something we're going to go to you can practically reach right out and grab it. Oh, God. Anyway, 951, come on. You can do it. We need you to like tie-line to a baby, squeeze it. Robert's here, right. He didn't disappear. He's all over the place. He's finally at late times. He writes in the nation. Do I dare read this whole article? Okay. Because I don't want to start clearing my throat again. I think today's the last day for that. I said, yes, today. Pretty good though today, huh? I'm pretty sure we're just cutting. Of course, all those hours of losing my ass yesterday kind of helping it. Got it out of my system. I cured both the, you know, heavy wallet and wavy off-loop. George W. Bush received a stand-in-evaluation Monday from the National Rest-Rot Association Convention, which might have been expected at the promised guarantee the right to explore immigrant cooks and dishwashers through a guest-work program. But that wasn't a present topic. And the applause came after Mr. Michigan accomplished right about the latest incremental progress in Iraq. We have now reached a turning point in the struggle between freedom and terror, or claimed to the partial formation of a new Iraqi government under Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki. If you're searching for this quote on Google, it'd be careful not to confuse it with the many other similar moments in Iraq's region history. For example, two years ago, Bush said, the rise of a free and self-governing Iraq will deny terrorist-advasive operation to spread it through a narrow ideology and give momentum to reformers across the region after the U.S. officially turned over sovereignty. And then it was the important milestone Bush celebrated when a temporary governing council was formed in July 2003. The turning point in the history of Iraq, the history of the Middle East, and the history of freedom, two months later when the Iraqis elected a parliament, and a selective of Prime Minister last month, which was an important milestone toward our victory in Iraq, and a turning point for the Iraqi citizens according to him. With all these turns, it's no wonder Americans are a little unsettled about this quiet admire to use the commander in chief's own delicate description of the public's deep and bitter frustration with this war. Despite the public's nausea over the war, hopes brings a turtle for a White House panic by the prospect of a democratic controlled branch of Congress with the power to investigate its mendacity. And so Bush was back in form Monday, proclaiming that the latest head of Hancho and Iraq has got their right stuff, and that terrorists are quicking in their sandals. Problem is, like everything about his Iraq policy since he lied to us about Saddam Hussein being connected with 9-11 terrorist attacks, the present refuses to allow reality into his picture. Because when a government's form has no power over a slew of murderous sectarian militias, and will govern from behind the walls of a green zone protected by an occupied army, it's still as the legitimacy of a wooden did are. Iraqis have become informers in their own country said the new Prime Minister acknowledging on like our president that things have been getting worse and not bitter. Bush on the other hand is so desperate for positive signs that he's happy just to get a callback from Iraqi leaders. He wouldn't have taken my phone call here or go Bush said money of the new Iraq problem and speaker. He's tanked, Goldberg. We do morning 7-10. We hear before the Shaqil Neal came on. We were basically one game lesson what we've done up to this point. That's not so. That was in the round two. Yeah, well, so I just... The Iraq. I mean, the next year, in Shaqil's first year, they went 7 games with Detroit in the conference final. They were one game, the... They went 7 games in the conference final. More on, had one more on us, one show was going to well. We're going to get a... ...and give our Hinkover 7-10. Which when you're by 66, you need to be... ...and... See the break and laugh our blind with Neal Roger. I don't know. There was a guy sitting next to me at Woodby Mobile. He leaned over in sequence. Right there in the direction to maybe his natural comment. So we're just looking to the green the other way. Yeah. No, there was a guy on the other side to me. I like him better. And what would tell us that? I mean, it was so obvious to him, he didn't realize. He's an...he dealt it nice, rather. Meal Roger's, we did from 10 to 2, 1, 5, 6, 2, 1, 6, 2, 1. Detroit is in the 2nd and 5th office, presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday, the QAM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events. And called the 2AM box office on Sports Radio 516. That's awesome, baby. Can you believe it? Can you believe how this happens? I believe it has come through for us in our time of need. Troopers. Oh man. You see that? Like I told you, forget about the colors, forget about the fact is, it's the silent ass that masses out there. The people that have got a little bit of some more to do in their life besides. I have no life. Half six hundred times every day and make the same stupid sounds. Ninest six to eight. And that great, it is great. I'd say right now, I would say it's a given but I don't want to like rest on my laurel. 27 past one. It's five away to minute. Today, a jury in Houston convicted. So have we know that? 27 after one a QAM fewer cigar smoking. I want to kick back with a good premium stoke man. And then the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first rate tobacco. Processed and aged up to 10 years. But he is a real motifsigar. Make respect for slicing and small bad try to find tobacco. But he had gold. The flyship line gets to ninety what rating by a cigar. Fisting out of cigar and cider and nine point one rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body. Nicker by one cigar. Earthy hints of dark roast coffee. Chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors. Also, he shouldn't try the behavior to say what's the hottest new release of our last ten months. The sale gets a high rating of ninety one by cigar. Fisting out of cigar and cider. A powerful blaster man. It'll tear your guts out. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper that finishes long and full but it with the digital spice in an odor charred wood. It's something different. To receive 40% off on all the heirs cigars. Tell them the arrogance toward the call and call or tool free number. 1-800-35-the-here. That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Roger. What's all this? This is 516-816. Hey, Goldberg. We do morning seven a day. The year before the kill will kneel. We were basically one game left and what we've done up to this point. That sucks off. That was in round two. Yeah. Well, so high this year. But you're wrong. I mean, the next year, instead of heels first year, they went seven games with Detroit in the conference final. They were one game. They went seven games in a conference final. More on. Had one more on us. More than Joe was going to well. He called for seven a day. Sports wheel by six feet. See the break and laugh out loud with Neil Roger. I don't know. There was a guy sitting next to me and would buy me a belay. He leaned over in sneak one. Right at the direction. Two may was an editorial comment. So rude. Just looks like a bean the other way. Yeah. No, there was a guy in the other side. I didn't like him. I don't know. Now, what was that? I mean, it was so obvious two a minute. We love this. And then he dealt it. Nice. Neil Roger's weekday from 10 to 215. Steve QA. Introducing the QAM box office presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday the QAM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events. Thank God. The QAM box office on Sports Radio 5. 16. It's awesome. QAM. So white hot play opposition of the Miami heat show. Of course it's. On this all voice still, buddy. Jesus here. If you feel all the home was yet, we need their soul. Right back. There will be any words left when you did back in. So. All for it or I think. You move to this side there. Under the side. All Iraq was a foot-synthy. Don Russell is doing a fine job. And I like the idea of knowing a small big-ass. That's the city of Sydney anyway. Funny how everyone of those there says. Hey, pop. Where's the bridge? Mary? Who did more of that with? Somewhere in front. She makes great fan with you. That's because she was as free or held in Fayette A. Not that night. Iron boy. Her voice is quite rare. Is that so? Say, Paul Bayer. Two fans. But I choose. Who would like a dog today? My old baby's got to stop. I'm the designer. Or look back there when he presents like a woman. I'm not going to support him. I'm going to support him. I'm going to support him. Okay. What's there to you two? I know man. I'm going to confuse none. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. Just warming it up. Just warming it up. You get to be that old. Take it for me. Need a little warm up. A little massage. That's right. Massage is equal to drink. 979 votes. A normal says this. A normal says that. He was in court. And you owe him an apology. Okay. A real name. I'm going to do that. Don't do that. Does this leave me alone. And then he's threatening to call me. I don't want to talk to you. You give me two aggravated. He gets me so freaking aggravated. I'm not about that. Just go and beat Joe Bell with a hammer. If I had a hammer, I didn't have Bill. What? If I had a hammer. So you want to talk about these rumors you were spreading this morning? Yeah. Well, the rumor is that. Not only that, but where did you get that? We won't talk about what it is. So you're also going to have a whole point. It's where did I get that? Why? So you like to pretend that you don't know how information goes from one person to another and it all depends on me not busting my sources. I see. This sounds more interesting. It will talk to me, you know, that list goes shorter every day. Yeah, that. All right, bye. 988 votes. We got it. Let's baby. Oh, just like that lady's toes in the car. In the parking lot. You're right. I can't stop. I'm going to put that stir. There was a follow-up somewhere in our lawsuit. I knew it. He's going shopping. He's going to a branch. He gets into the car and she's as she's dragging her foot. The hinder. She feels that someone is looking her toes from underneath the car. She sure is either a dog or a pretty jitter. Yeah. Yeah. I can't define us as private who's hanging out underneath the car. Boy. Shocking. You know, Josh was right. 989. We got the thousand made. Thank you to the audience, man. You guys, Chris, you know what they're doing? Because they want us to come back tomorrow. Because they realized that I have off on Monday. And you guys got a short short Monday. Because we got the big. We got the big. Oh, I'm there. Boy. We are. We are so half fast. It's just a, you know, something? I think it was an almond when we had Craig Mishon last Saturday for a couple hours. Who? Craig Mish. Sorry. And I kept making jokes about he was doing a show from a mosh pit. So it'd be Mishmosh. Well, you were sick. I see. That's probably we'll put you over the edge. But then that's what we're becoming. We're like radio Mishmosh. We're like Heavenly Hash. Free form. Well, we know who's going to be on two nilater and see who's going to be on. Like I like a contest. It might be better or could be rock saw. Who knows what it's going to be or could even be. Don't go to work. Time for bid. Huh? Yeah, let's bring him back. What do you think? I think you're going to bring him back to live or what? Or don't just bring him back in a box. Don't forget. You better be fucked and be ready to play with the big boys. Oh, I help me on there. I'm sure somewhere. I don't know. Maybe that thing meeting there happened. Now that big summit conference, maybe that's finally going to do a get off the pot. Maybe there's a sin around smoking some. Maybe it's probably why George was invited. Because you don't sure. I do so. Don't I job. Man, you do. You're asking me to join. You're asking me to join. That was your custom. I'm most generous. And the scene in the National says President George Bush's tactics. And his fight against terrorists that made the US comparable to Augusto Pinnishan's Chile and half as Assad Syria. And its acceptance of torture and disregard of legal restraints. And that's special. Torturing lunatic. I've got a bunch of air blasting in the administration. Regretted the charge that the human rights advocate could use to take for these better. Helping a wacky judge is bill their case against Assad. I'm who's saying. Oh, yeah. We got him. We don't have Osama yet. In fact, you saw the start. We had an website yesterday. I think I talked about denied gift. Yeah, you did. I don't remember. How he's move out of the. Yeah, you do. A poor. A case. A hundred. In the Pakistan. I still think he's on the French Riviera. We got him hold up in a nice, big sweet somewhere. kind of a little bit. I'm a little bit certain. I think he was 86 wives and all those other harlets. You think you were as one of those striped ones, you know, the pants? I think he was a who-side shaco when speaking of Amnesty. You know, that's the only 10-mile-life I ever heard that expression and that's got to be. You know, the great. Another great line from network Joshua's already asleep by that time. Now, if you tell me that you saw that scene, you didn't think that was a panic. Which things that were the guy where the great, on the roadside was named? On the car. The great Amnesty was sitting there with his ass towards eating Kentucky Fried Chicken. And she comes in and says, I'm gonna make you a movie star. TV is there with, is there a watch that after you talking about it? Remember that? Yeah. I can see that scene. I don't remember. It was out there. It was out there. Oh, I watched the movie. I just packed out and made you a TV star. He just tasted chicken like halfway out of the other one. And he's talking about it. That's it. It is great. And he wears a hoost-eyed shaco. She was great. Uh-huh. And what that was her name, Lorraine Hobbs. That's right. I'm a badass. Come eat well. We can't say that. No, we can't. We're leaving the Amnesty International. The US State Department's first minestaurant McCormor said we think they're pretty good at press releases. Well, what we do. See that? And the result of these going to tell America what to do. And it's annual report of human rights conditions around the world. Amnesty included the US all-aside China, Russia, Colombia, Uzbekistan, and others is states that claim anti-terrorism is justified gross violations. And believe me, this bush crowd, they're pretty damn gross. Amnesty official speaking in a news conference about release of the report in London. Washington had particularly harsh words for the Bush administration. It's difficult to believe that the US government which was once considered an example of human rights has sacrificed its most fundamental principles by abusing prisoners as a matter of policy by disappearing detainees into a network of prisons and by abducting and sending people for interrogation to countries that practice torture they said. Governments around the world are using double-speak and double standards to take advantage of this vacuum of moral leadership. I think we ought to call up the great Amnesty what he says about it. As soon as he's done with this, check on him. This is an easy, dumb and a colonel, right? That's a air-high scene in that movie is great and Josh is good. Including the scene where Tom Hagen goes out there to see that kid on television. Remember the kid the bartender? Yes. Yes. They're from the TV sent. He wants to see the TV, the Howard Beal Show, and their need deep in telegrams. They're up to their drowning in telegrams at the White House. We want the Saudi deal. And like I said, I'd say the network is kind of like the Da Vinci code. We're all good messaging in the movie but the movie kind of weak execution of that prison. For outside. How do you like to see a strong execution? Like Saudi Arabia's style. How do you like to be right in the middle of it? I guess we're moving with something else again the other night. I don't know if that works. Now, some of these movies, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. But once they come on, I see them a million times I came to them off. Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny. Oh, Fargo, one of my favorites. He's not as good. Never gets hired to that movie. And I'm going to tell you, Francis makes Dorman. She may be one of the greatest, so underrated. And I see his his favorite. I'm going to send you raising Arizona because it's the only way to watch it. Why, even if I send you. I can afford it. I can go. All right. Maybe by the same makers of a, I mean, if you had day of wood buying it, my slipper all the like I said, this, this, this is me. And you found this, this is five, 16, 18, 18, 18. Hank Goldberg, we date morning seven a 10. He's here before the Ficcilla meal came on. We were basically one game lesson. What we've done up to this point. That sucks off. That was in round two. Yeah, well, both of you are wrong. I mean, the next year, and she feels first year, they went seven games with Detroit in the conference final. They were one game. They went seven games in the conference final. More on had that one more on this morning. Show was going to well. He's a hammer. He go for seven a 10. Sports ring, you'll buy six to two. He's a break in life online with me or running online. I don't know. There was a guy sitting next to me as would buy me today. He made over in sneak one. Right there was a direction to make with that hotel. So we're just supposed to leave the other way. Yeah. No, there was a guy in the other side. So I'd like him better. I don't know. What the hell is that? I mean, it was so obvious to me that we love this. And then he dealt it nice well. Meal Rogers, we date from 10 to 21, 5, 16, two a.m. Detroit seems a two and a half box office presented by Burger King. This is a tasty burger. Every Tuesday, the QA and box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events. Thank God. The QA and box office on Sports Radio 5, 60. It's awesome baby. QA and so white hot play operation of the Miami heat show. When see it eight 30s with that hammer. Front you buy. Kendall Toyota. Number one on US one just out of T.L.M. All. The key to a healthy prostate. South BMW on US one just out of the balls. These march drive solid. The white hot play operation of the Miami heat show. Feet rape that Riley or Rending Fund once you 83 with that hammer and exclusive presentation of 5.60 QA and log onto WQAM.com. And enter the I really need a Florida vacation right now contest to win a trip for four to Orlando Florida winners will see if the omnirlanger resort at champions gays. Champions Gace, brought to you by visit florida.com and support radio 560 QAM. I'm a big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big huge big big people has full big big big big big big big big big big small big big big big big big big big big big big big big bad big big big big small large big big big big big big big big big big big big big Big head big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big motherf I'm the proudest, I'm the god of all Break me, break me After the pain, break me Take away the fight I'm the daylight, break me Break me, every one of them Straight, say by the power That's how they must try We're the thunderbolt The wind is the wind One forty eight here's our call Melty Thousand four votes we did it We did it Even David Sampson can't believe we did it David you quizzling What are you talking about? We did it Right Yeah, John had a stomach on this one man All the way up to the first joint And then of course George We shouldn't have grabbed it If WQM had a man scot Watch it, it'd be a fat two 371 Well, we got one fat you gone So maybe we would have had about 600 for that But we are one missing now What are the fat you's got? We got me in a hump or who else? Who am I missing? Well, Eddie Kane Now Eddie Kane's not fat My god, he's like a string bean We don't have Josh Friedman now We'll kick around What a jerk What a jerk ass And a meatboard jellyfish No law spine to 09 A jackass 165 A broil because they're full of volÃ§ement 76 A cowardly lion's moved up to 165 and is overly so We got falls baby About the size of a ball bearing A high-end with that high-pitched voice That's our scruncherly Keep listening, you'll hear 62 I hate this pool 29 A vampire bat for the blood sucking cells Department, 16 Yeah, you're right, they suck And a glow fish 12 And you'll get a glow fish Doesn't the ball like pericomal It goes round and round Minut It does Or sometimes it floats upside down Yeah, that's our way to best part when they start Flone upside down And you go out and spend a fortune And you'll get a lot of trouble No, no, no No, no, no, no Not a good thing Good thing I try to many a time several times I learn lessons from friends that And you try you take the water and you put that treatment in And you get a lot of trouble And you get your catfish They're going to eat all the stuff I'll get your angel fish And your nails, your rommies and your snails And you'll lay up pumps and pumps and dumps And then you get all going And then a couple of days they're all like just swimming upside down Maybe not all of them, but just, you know, the ones you've spent a lot of money on Yeah What a shame And then of course there are people that really go nuts And they get to solve all of them I will grant you this one They're beautiful But as delicate as you regular traffic, proper will fish Sure I like the neon, don't you like neon's Okay They're a little tiny, you know, they're very colorful I like to like Matty Bell I like to eat them No, I don't But the, the assailurder fish are just beautiful But more, it really delicate I mean, very can't even keep a real delicate Right, I think you got to like hop right in there in a bowl In the same head massage them Yeah, make sure they're still alive Let's speak in a water, Fleming Beach Park Tank, gover We take morning, seven to ten This year before the Chicille will kneel, came on We were basically one game left And what we've done up to this point That's not soft Safety-a, that was in round two Yeah, well, so high just But you're wrong, I mean they the next year And Chicille's first year they went seven games Would Detroit in the conference final They were one game, they went seven games In the conference final More on head at one more on this morning Show was going to well He gover Seven of his hands Four twin of his hands Four twin of his hands Think a break in laugh I'm blind With Neeroth I don't know if there was a guy sitting next to me And would buy me a bit of a He made over in sneak one By the direction to make this head a turtle coming So we're just supposed to be the other way Yeah, no, there was a guy on the other side To my life, him better And I don't know And I what what tell us that I mean it was so obvious to him It made a real obvious and then he delved it and I smell this What a w** Neeroth Rogers, we take from ten to two one five six He came way down Detroit has seen the two and him box office Presented by Burger King This is a tasty burger And we choose a the QAM box office We're hoping for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida events And called the QAM box office On sport radio five six This was the baby QAM The white hot play Off edition of the Miami each other When city 30 would die And verphold beat parking but a display in Florida It was only on the west coast No, no, no A flyman what what's wrong with what you call it? Panama City What are beaches there? You've ever seen a beaches there with a white sand white sand pretty nice All those board again Bible something Christians just have it a while Maybe that's not wrong with it This is your Rogers This is five sixty two