New Rogers presents commemorating 30 years of entertaining South Florida Oh right keep listening to the new Rogers show to find out where you could pick up a CD or shirt To benefit a band and pet rescue and for longer now. Okay, runs you by the Neil Rogers show and five six All right guys, but today Shining the next day John Copeland said it's last always keeping right in the Rogers coming your way Then it's goalie a two Curtis for the mad dog Panther previewing those factors and the Rangers. That's gonna do it have a great day. Stay safe. See you next timeって People to smile a day. You've crashed it. Stills people are ice-alls. That's a good thing. Yes. Wherever I look at shoes that won't stay on, there's no, she's my friend, I turn my eyes off. Right, Tom? There's a place where Robert got here high and I can make us grow. Robbie, hi, there's this one. That's that. I can make us grow. With my father and duty. That's where they're, that's where we're. To the such that she doesn't need to swallow those things over and over. There's such a better place. How can they help us? I'm not in duty. That's where they're, that's where we're. To the such that she needs one other thing. That's where we're for. But there's such a better place. With these such a better place. I think this poll today is great. We're feeling you before that expression. Very, very. Now, seriously, we've always talked about how Brittany has fallen. The mighty of fallen. Mm-hmm. How she's kind of like tainted goods and she tainted doing that. Good this time. No, she tainted. I mean, she kicked ass. I don't know when the original poll was the years ago, few years. Four or five, whatever. And there's some people we got on there. Now, who weren't even on the first poll, like Jessica Simpson, for example, I voted for her just because she was married to Nick and she's really very well. And it knows how Shikira speak of that bit. It's got 20 votes already. The first poll all at the end, we had the 11 on her votes. Yeah, she's come far. She only had 11 votes all told all told. So anyway, it's kind of interesting to see how people's altitudes are changed. Anyway, it's 10.02560. So what's the word? Is it Curtis Myeskin, who just has made dog at Hoover's Around the Bay? So it's a dog. It's a goldie from two to four. And then we know that. Four in the center. Yeah, they're both actually at the end of center. But who is it at four? Curtis. Oh, at the end of center. Oh, brother, what kind of a schedule is this? It's really something when you got three people running the program in the department and we can't even get a schedule to me to make sense. It's almost like our sales department. Anyway, our new sales manager was in the Chris. So what's his name? Jones. He was Jones in the first and in full. And I guess he's discovered that what we already know and that is that most sales people are for vericators. They lie. They lie like crazy. They tell tall tales. In other words, their BS artists, volgement. That's their speciality, volgement. And while I tell you the QM sales department, they are the best at that. So guilty of the antecedent because this is again the game of the year. I keep saying that because everyone is now for the panties. Any interest in the panties? No. Then we're going to play the Rangers at the end of center tonight. So guilty of either from two to four. We're going to play the top. Squitting his way toward the net with a breakaway. Curtis at the end of center from four to seven. We've got like a five hour buildup for the pants or rangeer game. So not going to be five thousand Ranger fans or each one more obnoxious than the other. Pantipybrew with seven pants and the ranges at seven thirty with Henrik Lumpwist and Yami Yager. And Tom Jika fills in for Eddie Cancun the hockey game. That should be a real tweet. And you want to know why I say it's going to be a real. Why do you say it's going to be a real tweet? Because Tom Jika is a nice topic. Other than that, you know column up and express my personal thanks for the fine job that we're reporting on my 30th anniversary on here in the market. I realize it's not significant. I did a stellar job on my 20th anniversary. And again, on the 25th and he hates me like for his never because I have the audacity to expose the fact that he's an idiot. And doesn't write about anything local. I'm a guy that's supposed to be out of touch because of my ass is sitting in Toronto. But in the meantime, there's a guy who's ass is sitting right there. And he doesn't write about anything local TV radio. Very, very seldom. Never about local radio. I mean, maybe once a year. Here's the poll speaking of local radio from yesterday. Other than WQAM. What radio station do you listen to most? Adopt your sth. Okay? I don't listen to other stations. 284. How many votes did we have before? I chopped this baby off. 1611. Wasn't that the frequency of the former fan? 1611 I think so. 284. 171. Half percent. Do listen to other stations. And we love them dearly. We want to give me to kiss. Well, from a distance. There you go. Serious. 232. I must be the sperm factor. Isn't it? How it's sperm? Must be. W.I.N.Z. That's scare America as in. What? 170. Waxy-790. That's ticket. 143.8 percent. For the ticket. Well, that must be the Sid Rosensteinburg audience. See still there? God, that must be a record. I bet you're for Roller's jealous of that record. It's been there long enough for Rolls days anywhere. WLRN-141. Wow. And that was like a little bit of a late edition. If we can use that expression as a copyrighted late edition. Well, it's true. With Wolf Litzkree. Is that like the situation room? XM-125. Jokeh-Castelog, that little blurb. And Jim Sardy, this morning, the sun suddenly, you're close. Personal buddy, Jokeh-Castelog, who's going to be doing some NASCAR crap from Homestead This weekend. And a boy, Joe, you go. Don't call me, please. W-I-I-G-100. That's right wing fairy tales. I don't know what that's all about. You wouldn't think that 6.2 percent of our audience listen most of that propaganda. Prop or gang, would you? Did that right wing swill? Well, but they do. Those are the talk show groupies, I guess. W-I-B-G-G big. That's a Rod and Young Paul 80. That can't imagine anybody listen to the music they play. The music of the 70s and 80s and yesterday in tomorrow and crap. Magic speaking of crap 70 votes, but I'll do apologies to my good friend Rick Shaw. And your good friend Ron St. John. Yeah. What ever happened to Joe Johnson? Remember Joe's Johnson? No. Yeah, he was the dating one, the Thornton, and then she had the audacity to die? No. Well, what a sweet heart she was. Yeah, Joe Johnson, come on. He was on magic for a long time. He was on close 94. I think he's been around. I'll tell you where for it. W-K-I-S-K-S 51. It's just ain't what it used to be. Now that Johnny Dark is there. Well, I know what a shame we can't play that jingle, normal. Let's see how much of it we can play. Johnny Dark said, oh. There I was for you. Right. That'll do. Didn't even get either syllable on there. Kind of a little piece of each. Coach 28. Club of 94, 26. All the sueds all the time. Power 96, 19. 19. Pumpsless in that crap. Slamic Jamma crap. W-K-P-Fs. Piper High 17, which you say you can't hear it no more because they're signals. W-V-V-V-M 15 for the mic Rosen-Tall show. You made a mistake. Oh, boy. That was a newstime. It's too old too. Oh, god. You're right. I should write a book. Even if I'm the only one that reads it. Well, you'd read it. Yeah. I had somebody read it too. Right. No, that would be a toy would do that. W-R-N-F-15. W-E-D-R-14. W-M-G-E-S-M-R-R-R-R-14. Now what's that one? No, sorry. That my list over here. Yes, Spanish. That was the one that used to be. Yeah. She. Oh, wait. What do you think? I'm very important. It is. Is that someone who doesn't want to go to the online? Used to be Zeta. Or used to be Zeta. Oh, I was always used to be. You see, it was like us. We used to be popular. W-H-D-R-13. Why 100? What? 12. Remember the days when, I mean, there was so many really talented people on the year in this market. Remember those days? Yeah, I do. What? Yeah. Long time ago. Then they all vanished. W-J-N-A-N. Oh, get out of here. We have to put that on there for wine-mike and his jingles. W-F-T-L-S-A-57. They, they actually believe that Steve Lappa and his group of Olaf dogs and Bob Eisenberg. He by the way, Bob, you're a whole two. I'm sorry, an effing hole. W-Q-V-A-L-A-L-Q-V-N-S-M-A-5. W-A-V-S-4. That's what a g-A-H-D-R-R-R-T-R-T-R-M-A. How did a bunch of Haitians trace his calls and go to his house just beat this not out of him? We'll trace out the call and give it that dress out of the air. Yeah, that's right. Give us your phone number and your address next time you call. Give it out in the location. What do they speak? I'm pet-t-t-w-a. I'm just looking at this cruise ship passenger here, whoever he is. Oh, yeah, another one. You got that story of sure. And I really didn't. That butterfly or the guy. Oh yeah, I know what that's old news. Oh, hey, you're people, though. Oh, and the comment on CNN is all, but of course, when you crunch the numbers, there's millions of people going cruise ships to be. Some have actually come on the live and not raped it or sick. Oh, wow. What a tremendous endorsement that is. W-F-T-L-7-W-Q-V-A-5. W-F-T-J-3. No speaking in place. I-E-W-H-Q-T-3. W-A-M-R-I-U-M-L-R-3. W-R-G-P. That's F-I-U-R-U, which we never heard of. Thanks to the guy that I call it in. The punk. 2. W-M-B-M-2. I think that's more Haitian melodies. W-A-Q-W-A-Q-I. Radio-M-B is got a pair. That's that 7-10 frequency. Man, what? I used to be W-G-V-S. Oh, man. And I think that 7-I-D used to be W-N-W-S. New, all-S-News radio. Hey, Dennis Collins, you're a genius, man. W-M-I-B-1. W-S-U-A. We find you got a Colombian. That's not one. It's got to be a Colombian, because it's... What is it called? El Catecone. Okay. Colombian, all Colombian, uh, drug melodies all the time. W-R-T-O-R-U-D-M-O-W-R-M-A-R-U-R-M-C-N-W-S-M-Q-A. Sam Koo. None. That's pretty amazing, because Sam Koo's got a lot of big audience, but not our crowd. Great. In fact, there's not the states that's supposed to have that very popular in those speaking-ways, morning show, those two very funny guys. I'll go ask them back. For Confrak. Yeah, go ask what your, uh, Julio friends. Ask your mama. Now what does she listen to? My mama? She didn't listen to radio. How do you know that? Probably just all the time. It's been fun to watch. One of the TV watching Spanish language soap operas all day, like all the other old ladies. Well, good for her. Nice going, honey. You go. Quits it, I don't really so to say. Former, you have it, probably not the same ones. Enough for the same reason. No. Former Major League of War and Cami, homie, Chromardi. Oh, god. This is in the a very jackass. I know. Either, either very or certainly would have something of minor interest to that. Call it away. Five, six, seven. Oh. Eight, five, six. This way she's a long prep problems. Right. Another one of our really top-notch broadcast is he spent last season managing a Japanese team and independent baseball league in California. He's returning, wq-way. He's been playing more, uh, swille back to the scene with a crime. I hope Joe Bell might not have got a lot of casemeer bouquet. Chrol will be a host on Talkshows before weekend Marlins games. games he's also assisting in making a movie about his experience. I'd be like that. Meanwhile, Marlon's general manager Joe Girardi and starting picture Don Trello was learning to spell with Don Trello, after I've dealt with a week of the shows on 790 to the ticket. I'll write better than us. Those segments, man. All those segments, like the Eric Reed segment and the, what's his name? I wrote Windbag segment. Oh, talk about two now. Talk about killer. It's like Steve Kean in the baseball card shows. Neuro, Neuro, Neuro casting. Let me have a little teeny tiny slice of that pie, please. You know, that. He can be a great radio. Great radio. Right. But you can't convince these. You can't tell them nothing, man. And I'm, you're right. I've given up trying. Mark, you tell. Please. Right. Right. I can't even say it. I'm tongue tied. The day the Neuro finally wiser's up. Just like when I stormed out of, I went into wood by yesterday. I played a machine 200 bucks. I didn't get a spin. I didn't get a cherry nothing. So I walked another machine and threw down. And the guy comes along puts in three coins. And the machine I just left. And that machine got three grand on a lot. The depuc, I wanted to. And as I ran out last night after many hours of frustration, I yelled. He just cost me $6,000. You're laughing. It was not a good experience. It's one of those things. You know, that's why they call it gambling. Right. That's why they say a fool in his money are soon farted. And I did. 1013 at 560 WQA and being outdoors alottings out 40 really need some comfortable shoes to take good care of him. So the only place to go is brand issues and pompot abeats. Be sure to tell them that Ryan smokes since you went in. You went in and out the ranch saw. Brandeats carries major brands like 4 Shime Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, Hushpuffies, New Bounds, all the other big name brands and all sizes for men and women. And even to remind whits in those hard to find sizes too. Like 106 Brandeats uses largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida. When you see those selection venue, get a brand. You'll understand my bantonia. How great they are for many, many years now. I'm sure that Brian will keep money here unlike some of our other people who can't keep anybody on the air. Go see our good friend Arnie who gets to the right. Putting shoes for your feet. Brandeats is like an apartment store where you can't get a lot of money. You have to wait for a bit of a service and then the assailants holds. Oh, guess what? You like that style. We don't have it in your size. The only thing that they sell at Brandeats is shoes. So you don't have to worry about size selection or service. They know they're crap and they know the smell of your feet. Brandeats shoes. They're at 1290 or federal highway in Pompot abeats. You'll find between Atlantic and Copens on the East side. Can't miss it. Brandeats is open every day for your shopping convenience. You'll find it through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week it's a great time to buy men's shoes at Brandeats. If you're big, I mean your feet. If your size 14 and over. Take 10 bucks off on all men's brands and check out their men's and women's Hush puppies until this week at 21st and off. What's not to like? So be sure to get into Brandeats this week or you can do your shoe shopping right online on their website Brandeats shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. What? Why do you wear shoes? Hey, this is every time. You can do it right away. And it's time to do it. You can do it right away. And it's time to do it right away. And it's time to do it right away. You can do it right away. Yeah, you can do it right away. You can do it right away. You can do it right away. You can do it right away. You can do it right away. You can do it right away. You can do it right away. Don't answer. And just listen to what's wrong with them, bro. And I can do it. You had to like to go to home to home to home. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. He's done like a fell on. I need a little bit of that honeydew melon. I'm here. I'm here in 10, 19, and 5, 16, and I'm going to do it. Here's today's pool. It's one we did years ago. The first time in 2001, July 9, 2001. Five years ago. This is the thing. No tell us we would repeat the same pool over and over. George is like that one. I'm going to start doing that every day. What? They've answered your own call. That's true. George says we had faxes this morning. If you must not speak it in ways. This is straightforward and literally straightforward. We ought to add on here a couple of things. I hate this pool is none there. None of these. We had that on there one time. I forget you. No, I don't forget it. They're gay people out there. I don't know. Which of these women would you most like to see naked? Do you haven't seen naked already? Jessica Alba, 46, on the first time we did this five years ago. Jessica Alba, I think, oughting to be interested in these things. Jessica Alba had 36 total and she's already got 46. Right. That was out of 1100 votes. She's made a couple of high profile movies. Well, I'll be damned. And she makes that great chocolate drink that Alba. Jessica's a good fellow. Jessica's doing very well. Better than the one that was on that plane. The child pilot. Jessica Simpson wasn't even on the first one. Five years ago, whoever heard that pitch. 42. See you later, pop it. Once he was on his show and you were a traitor. That's what it was. Got her to raise it. Maybe it was nicked and made her popular by pointing out what a bubble H. She was. He made her something, but not pregnant. Well, Lord, to make her pregnant, they would have to do something. Barbara and Jen, Jen, a boy, the president, saw her 38. Now the interesting thing is they were third the first time. They had 80 votes the first time. That amazing. I don't know. I'm sure that's because they're a set. They got a set. Yeah, and I think it's the inverse. In fact, it occurs as most people want to see that naked. I mean, plus maybe they got something there. But I think just for humiliation, a nice centerfold and playboy would be nice. Or maybe a nice centerfold and play girl if I'd ask Governor Jeb Bush. Who? Jennifer, love hewitt. 34. Let's see how did she do it? She had, actually, okay, the first time she was top 10. Shakira is moving on up to the East side. Baby 25 and why not? We love Shakira. She only had 11 votes the first time. And the whole poll. Jennifer Aniston. Who, yeah, she had 14. The first poll. She's already got 21. You don't think that's because she's been in the news a lot lately. Yeah, I like an abacement. Or no, that's not because they're usually liked. He had her lack of a year or 20. Dally part and 20. And again, George is very dismayed about the, I don't understand it. Sure, I'll take a look at him. No, I, you could go, you can go, I'll see the important cover. Oprah and see a similar situation. All right, excuse me, or you just go back in the sales department. If you want to see big boobs. Hang about. Dally part and she had 29 and the first time she's got 20 already. She had, what, yeah, she's moving on up. And according to her, it's 20. Now she came in second at first time, which she's slipping badly because most of the guys realize that she's got pre-trunks for leg. That's right. I'm telling you, she's, look at her. She was the right 18. Was Beyonce on the first one? I don't know. She must have been. She only had six votes the first time. Not she's got 18. Sandra Bullock's 17. I don't understand that. Right, I don't know. She did much better the first time. She was way up there. Since she fell on the stairs. She's the right one. She's the right one. She's the only got that. I'm telling you. Yeah, but there goes Sandra. Not to me, she's like, I mean, what do I know, you know? But to me, she seems so, um, what frigid. Cold. I mean, you're cutesy, but definitely not sexy. You just don't understand. She's in a sexual way. Like, sterile. You know, like, two clean. Yeah. Exactly. And it's septicine. And it's septicine. That's it. Not to the confusion with Anna Cornhoi. Barbara Eden 14. Well, the G.E. came out of the bottle naked. I wish. Britney Spears, Solomon T. Tracy. Yeah. Good. If the one three, the first time, but with a one after 131, uh, and she's only got 13 boys. You got what it used to be. It's gived out. Tainted goods. Oh, God. Uh, Jerry Ryan 12. I don't know who that is. She was on a star crux. She's done some other, uh, like TV stuff. Sit cause. I see. Well, she had 25 at first time. So she's consistent. Faith Hill 12. Sarah Michelle Jellar 11. What about that? Bits that we all hate. What's else in name that I always mess her name up? I don't know. Give me a hit. Oh, yeah. That's a little messy nose. Jessica built ten. I got to be honest with you. Okay, cause I know good looking people when I see him. And I, I just checked out the website. I just to make sure that I wasn't dreaming. She ain't much. Jessica, are you all right? She looks like Howard. He's phenomenal. I don't know. She's phenomenal. Do a Google on it. Can't hurt her. She's got her own paid with all these. All right. I'll send you into pictures. Oh, I see. By the way, I just want to take this opportunity to point out, that you missed spelled her name since you always do it to me. No, no. Perfect, Eric Spalt. I was a great to notice you I spelled it uh V-E-A-L-E like how is wrong? That's wrong. V-E-A-L-E-L That's how he spelled it. No, no, that's how it is spelled. That's how he spelled it. That's how he spelled it. V-E-A-L-E. Who did you did? Yeah. Just you know, point out your mistakes. That's all. Up your mistakes. Wait until you see that next trick. All decimal points. I told you it's a bad idea to point out your mistakes. I should've read it either to make it. I made one mistake. I thought we could do a new station. That was a big mistake. Yeah, it was. I tried to tell you then. Yeah, you're right. I'm gonna slow learner. Uh, Jessica B11, I'm at highest spell it and she's still on with that great. Daisy point things about him. So, fear for her. I don't trust you. She don't look that great. She's so no matter what. She's not my vote. She's that no matter what. She's your vote. Well, I voted for Shakira because uh, whatever. But to make me happy. Nikki Cox 10, Mariah's carry is scary. Nine. That's that. Now that is scary. That's to be illegal. Uh, Tiffany, in fact, she should never be allowed to take her clothes off. Tiffany, Amber Thieson 9, Cindy Margollas 8. I want to see circumspect. Christine, to navigate 8. I noticed Janet Reno didn't make it this year. Winona Ryder 6, Melissa Joan Hart 4, Gwen Stefani for Martina Hingers 4. Oh, God. We put with a tennis chicks. T. Leone, he's 30. Nobody knows what she looks like. Somebody else whom we're hearing is. Yeah, somebody was like a R. Like the governor California. T. Leone, he's three. The governor Fox three, Tara Banks three, how about Stanley Banks? Think he's dead. Ali Landrie, Ali three, Christine Agalera, the mousey bitch, too. Elizabeth Flaarsky from Survivor 2, Ali Larder. So we got two Ali. Her name's Hasselbeck now. We probably should. That Elizabeth Flaarsky. Oh, she got married to and got off to put her name. Not today, but Hasselbeck off. Do your Roberts to Christine Brinkley to Rebecca Gayhart. What is it again? Gayhart has got one. Genie Garks got one. Tony Brassden one. Bridget Wilson one. None of them. I'm gay. None. I hate this pool. None. Leave Campbell none. Lauren Holly none and Jules Asner. None. It has no, I haven't either. I'll be kind of funny. That'd be a hoot. I guess if I could see it as unique, it would make me feel better about myself. Although not too much. All of us. Twenty seven past ten and five, 60 W. Come, don't forget. We got that big panther Ranger game tonight. Any interest. Oh, it's going to be big. Speaking of big. If you want a big pig out of man, the air more coast is where you'll always find it. I mean, we're talking about a feast. Bring a hearty appetite and just a few bucks that's all of cost. The Emerald coast is Florida's number one Asian-Growaway buffet. That's what they say is to get restaurant review and that's all I tell you because I've eaten there as a zillion times and boy, everything is fresh, crunchy delicious. There's nothing soggy in the mooshy sitting out there for hours at the Emerald coast. And now every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend, you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermodore style. And every night at the Emerald coast is crab fest. We're asking snow crab lives. By the way, when you go to the Emerald coast, and you see Richard tell the leaf's really suck. That is crab fest with less than snow crab, like his dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs. And then you're still includes fresh oysters on the half-cell on a sushi bar with over 30 different items. Count them. But turn them in. I'm lying. Your dian. The Emerald coast also serves juicy New York sticks. Go to the way you love Manhattan Car Prime rib and Zillions and Zillions of Chinese other delights too. And on the weekends for dessert, be sure and leave some room for the Emerald coast. Famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. It is huge. You can hand it if your own strawberries, marshmallows, other deck and treats your shoves, babies right in there. Otherwise, your at the Emerald coast be sure to check out their new, all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to talk you, whatever the hell that is. Over 20 different types of sushi rules stay in right back. Add in much more. The Emerald coasts can be locations of service when you have a big hearty appetite, like this weekend. This is the place you're going to love. They're in sunrise, sunny Al's beach and pepper pines. Reservations ingested. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22-5-7-2-38-22 there. Unbeatable, the Emerald coast, Chinese buffet. The most important thing is to be a real rocker. This is 5-16-18-18. Love sea oradres. Yes, you've heard about the place of Jesus on a piece of toast. The place on a bagel. Even on a potato chip! Now you can eat like the Kegakings with a new god of pockets. A little round taste treats with a blanket crust. And the place of god, or maybe with a house in owners. Just lay your hands on the bent top of the minute tot of it. And in just minutes they are thought as hell to take this or sauce. Jarius, you can have the breakfast. Jarius has them for communion. Alright, have it lit. Mid-back snack. Also available in kosher. When you smell the burning bush, you know they're ready. Go on to pockets. From the makers of Mohammed Bites. Right next to the pot. A la mode in the pre-sacet. See I mean. It's a 1033 on men. So George Facts is to tell me. And I'll see. Here's the facts first of all. And George has a comment. Jessica Alba's new is his defaction. And a sleeping dictionary. 2002 I saw the movie in New Zealand last year. Down under. Right. I saw it. It was an obvious body double. It wasn't Jessica. I saw it. It was a kind of like what's your name? What's your name? Rachel. Right. I saw the movie too. And by the way, you know. And don't anybody call him Halley Berry's because we saw her berries. Oh yeah. Monsters balls. A many many times. You can probably put Lindsey lowhead on there. Go ahead. Lizzy lowhead. Oh yeah. What's he for naked? I want to see a lot of people. What's the part of time? But then she got, I don't know. We'll wash that. What's your name? Hillary Duff. If you're going to put those kind of people. Okay. You want to put Hillary Duff on there? How is she about 10? Yeah. Why you don't want to see her naked? Yeah. So, 591 votes on there. And not seriously. How old is she about? 18? I don't know. But every time we have one of these, you know, the same to me, Hillary Duff. She has a bow for me. But people will share. That's how the Siberian say. Nishka mirror. Jessica Simpson and the two Jessica are fighting. You know, big time. I got a good battle going on. It's good. And suppose to the first time, when Brittany ran away from Anacorn, oh yeah. Those were one, too. Five. Huh? I was going to say she's 19. Hillary Duff? Yes. Duff is 19? I don't care. Who you are? You're fair. Wow. Well, I take a one thing that Duff might say. She came in this morning, gave me more double-talk than Al. Al Kelly. But a bit. But a bit. He sure fits in that sales department like her rubber glove right now. Like her rubber glove in your back. Oh, wow. And from on I here, he's got plenty of expertise. WDQA, I'm hello. QA, I'm. Hey, good morning. How you doing? Good. You don't watch the fan us. You don't do it. No, I don't. You're a George Duff. When, uh, when Junior shot told me he said, Cassana Malanga. And I think that means almost. I don't know. He don't know. What do you know about the time? I bought this. Somebody you care. I'm trying to. Okay. Oh, so I guess I obligatorized since you mentioned it. I got to do the story about the cruise ship. I can't even look. I've been going to show you. I thought I was going to tell you folks. But wasting your money, right? A Caribbean cruise vacation for more than 2,600 people was over today. After a fire ignited aboard the cruise ship, charring 150 rooms and leaving a passenger dead and 11 people injured. Dead. The EAD. In other words, income and back. We believe the best course of action is to terminate the current cruise in Montego Bay. Princess cruise the 7th statement late yesterday. All passengers currently on board will be flown home of them over the next two days. And we'll receive a full refund of their cruise and their airfare. Well, isn't that awfully a gentile of them? How are Gentile? The rising sun today showed a big charge spot on the star of Princess. Evidence of the fire that broke out on the pre-dondarphans yesterday. A large ship, looking like a fuel barge, was more alongside the star princess of the Montego Bay Docks. About 1600 people are expected to fly out today and the arrest tomorrow said Paul Pentecook to make his director of tourism mon. Four passengers were being treated today of Cornwall Regional Hospital on a hill overlooking the cruise ship in the harbor he said. We consider ourselves very lucky. Said 10 minutes fast of Toronto told the AP after he and his wife were evacuated yesterday with some other passengers from Toronto. When we got out of our state room, there was someone lying in the hallway past out. He was being attended to but it was very, very scary. Kind of like Luca Brazzi, he's a very scary guy. A small-diving silhouette, as suspected as the cause of the blaze, said Horace Peterkin, present the Jamaica Hotel and Tourist Association who toured the ship after a doctor. You know, all the flying that I've done over the years, cross the Atlantic and all over a US and Vegas unit, never saw anybody die on a plane. Never saw anybody die on a plane. Never saw anybody die on a plane. Any of these all of you straight. I've never seen anybody get rafed at it on the plane. You know what I mean? Right? Or murdered. All these things that seemed to happen was fear regularity on the cruise ships. But when you're questioning the number, it said, slowly, the ad on the certainly not see news that we're just morning. Well, you're questioning numbers, it's you're a very small, yeah, yeah, yeah, right pitch. When Indian, bubble head. This is the first time such a tragedy as occurred during the history of our company were devastated by the incident. The statement from Princess Cruz has said, our heartfelt thoughts and prayers for those affected by the fire. Carl Angel, communication director for the Jamaican Poli said, and a five-demand who got his Richard Liffage, 75 of Georgia all 75, he's old enough. Some media in the victim's home state said the name was spelled, and put his age at 72. He collapsed aboard ship and died of the reset. They're arguing about his spelling. They'll make their differences dead. They're not a highest spelling. After the fire started around 3am Thursday, passengers were at life jackets and race 2. Muster stations said, Julie Benson spoke from him for Princess Cruz's which is owned by a mighty base, Carnival Corporation. Oh, yeah, the Carnival Corporation. Evil doers. They put a Mickey in your life. They slip it to you. The crew put out the fire, then did a cabin by cabin search to check for victims and make sure that everyone else was safe, you said. The state princess, the star Prince, the sailing from Grand Cayman to Jamaica, oh Grand Cayman, while they deserve it then. When the place started, reportedly go to the cost of over $130 million. It has four swimming pools, half-dice restaurants, dining rooms, and a casino. A casino. Just cross for $6,000. Two theaters and several microbes. It stretches about three football fields long. David Haltham was on his honeymoon when he and his writer walk in their cabin, smelling smoke, and hearing people running in the halls yelling fire. It's one thing they have a smoke and honeymobile, but that's carrying a little far. Everybody ran. There were people in nightgowns and robes because it happens so fast, all of a sudden, by phone from his niggril hotel. The crew lowered life votes to the ship, back in instructed passing. You know, all the places in the world, and I haven't been in all that many, but it seems to me that the Caribbean is the most overrated of any place that ever been. Yeah. Well, it'll be a fair amount of time. I'll go there. Huh? There's a reason for us to want to go there. I noticed that on the on-forcelling wheel torture, that a lot of the trips, which I guess is a real cheap hoodie, they keep giving trips to the Caribbean. Like, hey, you're going to a Caribbean, and I'm thinking of myself big, Simnisman, who cares? I'd rather take the cash. I was speaking of idiots. Unless there's some surprise, every reason of the league probably would. Good place for your rick thers, they have for ventilating, Ricky Tickie Sandch has that jackass, and some are going to see what at the, uh, that broad, the shot her, uh, minister husband, alleged. The pastor. She's going to be charged with first of remover to well, he probably can't have come. Speaking of that, oh, and a good old time religion, I got that atheist to come up right after the break. I got a lot of stuff here today, and we got four full hours today before Gully at the end of center starts when at the Hawking about Hawkey again. Hawkey, Hawkey, Hawkey, Hawkey. It's about Greenland City. You've got close personal buddy. Try it. Twenty-be-four-loving at five, sixty-w-two. Mark it down on account. I never finished that thought before. Today is the day we take care of all family business on this show. You're right. I'm wrong. You didn't write it there, you're right at time. Mark it on account. I'm going to break it up. Today is the day. You'll finally emancipate yourself from this stress and strike. Clean your brain. That's right. I'm going to be just like the beeslee, just like your bell, just like the bridge. Jones, just like the sales department, the engineering department, I don't give a crap. How's that? That's my new model for the rest of this show and for the rest of my life. I don't give a good crap. That's it. We would have played that Chris Darden drop once a part of time, but, you know, Oh yeah. Let's see how it sounds. It's got a masterful. No, no, no, no. What? A masterful. Bleep. Oh, it's okay. Oh, dear me. I don't give a shit anymore. That's okay. There's only two letters there. Don't say them. The rest of it's missing. That's fine. You've all Chris. Nice job by the way, Neoji. You and your girlfriend there. Oh, God. 19 to 11, a QM, beach fort is gone. MAD. It's madness in March all this month of beach fort. They just missed having a record month last month so they've planned to break that. And they're on during March. And right now, extended camp for F-150s at beach fort. Our is always 249 bucks a month. You pay only $995 down plus fees with approved credit in 39 monthly. What's not to like? Magnus and March at beach fort means you got to be mad. Not to take advantage of fantastic rebates and discounts up to 10,000 bucks on all new and used vehicles. And if you're not in the market for a new car, but no somebody who is sending them into beach fort. Because if they take to the read during this month, beach fort will send you $200 in cash. And because that money comes from their advertising budget, they won't attack the 200 bucks extra on your friends price to make him a former friend. Gomez out of this once you're a vent beach fort's madness in March, extended camp for F-150s low as 249 a month. Disconcering rebates up to $10,000 and 200 bucks in cash just for referring a friend. So hurry on in your fine beach fort. Two miles east of the Golden Glades on 160th Street, West 6, you highway. Here on Tia, I bet you Josh there was life on it. You'll love your beach fort experience. This is Neil Roger. Excellents to the on this is 560. You found a... You're a... Where the back is... You've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2-bit report, now as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faker and Mary K. combined. Rick Sanchez-Ane. Here are the Dolson tones of the man who brought you crunching. Rick Sanchez-Ane. Let's go grab a... No, we're going to grab a... We're the farthest off... We're going to... Rick Sanchez-Ane. Oh, the farthest off... You're a... Rick Sanchez-Ane. Here we are... With a blockhead of the... Darkness Rick Sanchez is basically store over Hylia. It's one show you all want to miss a Coragua woman. Oh, there's a... There's a... Rick Sanchez-Ane loves his on this. I've said to you as a precious gift from God. Oh, God! 1047 man, he is a real piece of work. Anyway, they just had other suspicious package in California. All that's the way about that. You see the verb on that? Also I understand they found a suspicious package at 10th Storms house. Okay, let's see how the pool is coming. Remember her? Who? 636 vote on the pool so far. We'll top that 1100. We have the first time. Of course that was probably not going to be that. Doesn't seem all it impressive. Jessica Alba has moved to the top 59. But Jessica Simpson 58. Well, it is tight. 56. 59. 56. As in Q56. Which of these women would we like to see naked OEA? Haven't seen naked already. Barbara and Jenna Bush 49. Barbara and Jenna's one. Jennifer loves you at 37. Foster who it don't have any yet. She'll cure a 35. She's moving away after she and I at 25. Good Canadian lady. Heather Lockleard 25. Beyonce rules 24. And according to Horiah 24. Gally part in 22. Why? Jennifer Aniston 21. I'll just do the 20s. Okay. Kristen Dunst. Her name is 20. What do I say? Kristen. Kristen Dunst 21. That's a Kristen. That's right. And don't spell Jessica Beale would like Howard Beale. Sandra Bullock 20. That's why Josh got better shape because he reminded him of Howard Beale. And it's called the police sleep on the great movies of all time. I got scared of her video because we had a good day. We had a good day. We had a good day. We had a good day. We had a good day. We wouldn't be staying up till 2 to 3 in the morning doing them bedtime stories. So during the break. Yes. I did that same thing that you did. I did Google images on Jessica Beale. Yeah. Nasty grainy pictures ever. So I said you a few for my personal collection. I've got to be honest with you. What's the guy the young guy from supernatural that I like? What's the same? I don't know. I keep forgetting to watch that show. I mean, because it's a fun. It's fun. Especially you think I'd be very interested in watching. And I would be. I just keep for I've always seen it about 2.3 times. Supernatural. What I'm two brothers. It's deep in the same room when Josh is really. He spends a lot of time thinking about that. I'm wondering what that means. You think there's some symbolism? I got a theory. Yeah. I mean, it's brotherly love. Is that what it is? Yeah. Well, the better. I mean, you're not like right next to each other. And it's not a double bit. Probably that a long trip. The supernatural TV show. Let's see. Let me click this on here. Oh, there's Wikipedia. Oh, no. I don't want that little more pictures. Here we go. I'll tell you the guy's name. All right. Jared Paddleke. Kind of what? Yeah. I don't know. I look at these pictures. And he doesn't look like he does on the TV show. And I mean, he just doesn't have enough makeup on. He doesn't look the same. He doesn't have a picture. He's like, you know, huh? You can have good pictures or basics. He's fine. He's a cute, she kind of guy. And I know Josh still likes him. Speak it'll look fine because it's a tie. And you always bring up seven, seven, because there was somebody on there that you liked. The young cop who got re-lugged, we real fans. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, that was several people on there who were good at. Well, so all three sexes. That's where Jessica Biel got her start. So we got some good about her. Nothing. Just a point of reference. Well, I don't really notice the role I'm talking about. I've been on this for a long time. And this, that's the point exactly. I could look at women unless it comes up. Oh, that's the only. Oh, please. Yeah. You can go to the room. There's like a deal. As you're on. Jessica Biel would stand out if you noticed it. Now let me say this to you. Okay, because you're trying to justify an idiotic comment. You made a few days ago. Which is totally unjustifiable. But I will say this. There was a really hot young couple walking through a mall. Like the instead of one day. And I'm sitting there on a bench. You're teasing. Yeah. And the guy happened to be, you know, up my alley, so to speak. Maybe I wouldn't notice her all that much. You're right. But if she was like all along like this, she could have was walking the other day. How can I help a notice in for anybody say, oh, I wouldn't look that. Or I would. Right. I don't know what it is. What do you mean? I'm not looking at her. You're perfect. I think she was attractive. Not fear. Smoking. Not fear. You don't have so people who are dead. It's hopeless. Yes. Who are? Go watch American Hot Wax. Alan Fraud. Roger. And Fred, the friend, pressure, poor son of American Hot Wax, or over friend, pressure, and J. Lino. Turn her clock back and get rid of it. But maybe you could say, we're America. Lot of grief. I take care of those two. It's not a good movie. Very corny. But if you were one of those people like grew up during that era and the music a, you know, one of them Frankie Liman and the teenagers type people, or the, uh, Danny and the junior juniors, get the honey, Danny and the juniors. And fact. I don't know if we can play that one bit. I know we can't play, uh, and now I don't think so. Oh, I remember which pot they're talking about. I think it's the known for insulin bus. What do you never know? They might have been talking about your kind of pot. I don't think they're any sound effects in that. The rant. No, you're wrong about that. Okay. Let's just see how far we can carry that before we have to dump it. Okay. You know what you're right for that. But by the way, those aren't fart sounds. That's somebody starting a lawnmower. And this is a lot of fun. But by the way, those aren't fart sounds. That's somebody starting a lawnmower in this. Yeah, that must be a, we allowed lawnmower. Right. America's increasing acceptance of religious diversity. Why did that start? Somebody forgot to send me the memo on that. Doesn't extend those who don't believe in God, according to a national survey by researchers and university and Minnesota's Department of Sociology. All religious finances and intolerance. I thought that's what we were fighting all over the world. You know, them tally ban and the al-Qaeda's and all them, uh, financial, uh, schmatterheads. From a telephone sampling of more than 2000 households, university researchers found that Americans rate atheist below Muslims, recent immigrants, gaze and lesbians, and other minority groups ensuring their vision of American society. Atheists are also the minority group most Americans are least willing to allow their children to marry. Atheists. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. Oh, my goodness. Even though atheists are a few of the number it says here, how do they know that? Because a lot of people say they're agnostic, like George, they lie, even though they're really atheists. Yeah, that's what it is. Not formally organizing relatively hard to program it. It wasn't me not formally organizing. I sure they are. I guess these people don't remain Minnesota. It's right next door with constantly American atheists in Gailor. What does it mean to the group? Oh, that's the freedom from religion. Freedom from religion foundation, but that's an atheist organization. They're right there with Wisconsin. Think that you're a rock right across the lake to that from Minnesota. What about your idiots? There's seen as a threat to the American way of life by a large portion of the American public. And of course, a large portion of the American public is but the brain washed in ignorant and superstitious. Atheists who account for about 3% of the US population it says here, offering glaring except for the rule of increasing social tolerance over the last 30 years. It's not 30 man. It's a penny edgial, associate society, a sociology professor and the studies lead researcher, penny edgial. She also argues that today's atheist played the rule that Catholics use in common to supplate in the past. They offer a symbolic moral boundary to membership in American society. It seems most Americans believe that diversity is fine as long as everyone shares a common core values that may seem trustworthy and an American that course historically been religious, she says. Oh, how's that? Many of the studies respond to associated atheism with an array of moral indiscretions ranging from criminal behavior to rampant materialism and cultural elitism. A job leaves a fear of moral decline in resolving social disorders behind the findings. Oh, yeah, in a country where we're slaughtering people like cattle. We're a shooting people up like, like killing pigeons in the park. And it worried about a social decline moral decline. Americans believe they share more than rules and procedures for their fellow citizens. They hear an understanding of right and wrong, as you said. And I could anybody know right from wrong unless you got the Bible. The good book says, don't they children if they're disability and stone to death? Our findings seem to rest on the view of atheists is self-interested individuals are not concerned with a common good. A lot of crocker crap bad is. Seems to me that atheists are terrified for the common good and try to protect people from themselves, which is just the ways to time. It's like the Q-Wame thing, same thing. The researchers also, I mean, when you deal with people that inculcated with crap that are forced to repeat the same rituals over and over and over and over crossing themselves and doing the Hail Mary's and doing a whole madrosive business there with their just repeating the Quran over and over again or going to show them repeating a bunch of Hebrew words that they have no idea what they're like. I wrote that thought, I don't know why I've got some high value. Who knows what that means? The researchers also found acceptance or rejection of atheists is really an unonlyed personal religiosity, but also to one's exposure to diversity, education and political orientation with more educated east and west coast Americans more accepting of atheists than their Midwestern county party parts. Still I can't even tell you what I'm going to show you. And as far as all this crap about moral value, man, there are a horny, is the most permissuous people in the whole country. He's a woman, more midwestern people. You know, from your days in Montana, I do. Oh, brother. Thank you. Those are the one that call or states, the corn fed states? No, the Bible bill. No, that's sound. No, no, that's not the sound. The Bible bill is not the sound. Okay, talking about. You remember what I told you earlier, Josh, is the great. That's right. The Bible bill is like the Midwest and parts of the south. Like Tennessee, but it's like Oklahoma, which is sound. But it's also like Nebraska, Iowa. Huh? Yeah, is Nebraska in the south? Yes. Oh, compared to me, yes. Here's what it says. Can you add this to the pool? None. I'm a heterophy male. It says Lisa. I heterophy male who likes polls. But that's cute. What we can put Tom Brady on there for you? Or maybe what's his name? I just said, what does name? Petarash? Oh, I don't know what his name is. That's strange name. He's still a pretty Sam. Sam and Dave. Sam and Dean from the. Whatever that. The supernatural's. When they sleep in the same room, by the way, Josh is very concerned that they may be doing something. And if so, he would like to see it. This is a meal rangers. Oh, my God. This is the meal rangers. This is the meal rangers. This is the meal rangers. Oh, my God. This is the meal rangers. Oh, my God. This is the meal rangers. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh. Oh, my God. Oh, oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. double triple agent vice-remote and Jack has to shoot someone because they made it mad when I wouldn't talk or just because they deserve to the story tonight and every Monday only on 24 and only on 5. It's 11.15. It's 16.17 QAM. So anyway George emails me. Whole bunch of photos of Jessica Beal including the song and the dance about. She was the chick on 7th haven. Well good for her. She's okay. I won't pretend she looks like she's all sweaty. That's why you like that picture. That's right. It's good to hudders. She's so young for bodies better than her face. Let me put it over. She's okay. Let me say it again. Her bodies better than her face. It's all right. It's better to have to see some grainy nasty pictures of her. So, well the real stress can be a please undress. Now what about that jules asner chick? What kind of an email is that for a lady? Jules. I don't know what kind of a name it is but does. Well, if you don't have any votes, I'll tell you that. Nobody knows who she is. She's on a new. Yeah. She was all the said asner. I doubt it. She don't have any votes. Neither is Lauren Holly. There's none. I'm a heterosexual female. Well, how do you like that? Well, what is that? We have no heterosexual females now that we put that on there for Lisa who had it was a good point. We left that off. I mean, we've even got. I'm sure that I hate this pulls doing okay. Where is it? I hate this pull 12. See? None of them I'm gay. Nine. Nine reminds me of Robert Creep. Yeah, I know. And the question, two. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. And they've arrived in a singular wireless line. Gay. Come to QA and hello. Great. How are you sir? Okay. Good. Joel Zazner, you see on E. She is head asner's daughter in law. She's a hazard by marriage. I see. As she's actually me as the fiasc means. No. And the same for Jessica Beale. Sir, you're absolutely right about her. I just. I agree. And overrated. And you know, actually, but so my best friends are. But listen, sir. You talked several weeks ago about the fiasco about parking the pantergames. Yes. Are you aware that across three from pro players stadium there, the midst of building a super Walmart? And they will have to build the great wall of China to prevent people from parking their dirt. Don't think so. Oh, well, that'd be bad if they would have parking Walmart and come across the probably be shot. And I am not here. I think this is a trial balloon by H Wayne that if, uh, while you've let them panthers do this, if they can charge five bucks across three from five. And a ten from Walmart at least I would think. What do you think? I, you're my birthday. It's February 29th and I consider your anniversary my gift every year and I appreciate everything you do. Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart. See you. See you. Hi. He's right. And you're dropping all the little cake. Yeah. You must be getting out to think gender and Jessica Beale's hot or blind or something like that. Well, the pictures you sent me leave me kind of limb now. Well, what is, what is this thing that you didn't meet somebody said? The Bible, but graphic. Yeah. Okay. I don't know what to be. Well, I guess what, this is not very good because it doesn't have to brasko on their Colorado or Wyoming or Idaho. Many of the states and the Midwest are also considered to be part of the Bible. But Indiana is not the included. It's got a black and then of course, South Florida is left out of the West of Florida. Right. That's from Wikipedia. Oh, it's from Wikipedia. Well, what this, this just, uh, I guess that's supposed to be. Well, of course, the South. We know that, but the Bible belts generally, he made the HuaWA LAANET check fully there. See what it says. All right. I'll do a Google LOGANET right now. на Bluetooth ads, Naury 한번, get into the picture of the dual zag Search. How manyεν o ZaaHo? I made Jowls. Of Jowls pretty sure they'll say gay guy, but he just said, she was Mia. She said he's either blown on Jesus. All right. How many answer come down? He said both of them know he said, oh, okay. He said both of them know Jesus. All right. All right. Do Jessica Beale find him at a write over. What the Pedia of the year? I don't want that. Do get done. which evangelical Protestantism is a pervasive or dominant part of the culture, the best known Biblebel covers the number of Midwestern and Southern states, Midwestern and Southern states. Okay, Biblebels can also be found. This one I see, this is where this picture came from, the same thing as poppin up here in red. Biblebels can also be found in other countries, including Canada, OEO, Horten, Lekin, Albert, all in Cowboys, Australia, and some parts of Europe. The name derives from the perceived overriding importance of the Christian Bible among evangelical Christian thought and practice. In the U.S. stronghold of the Biblebel, this typically is seen in the south through the colonial foundations of Protestantism and the culture of the religion. Major forms were tied water anglicism after the Church of England and after the Church of Scotland. Oh, the Scottish, I thought they all got killed off. Can you, oh, and see, like here, Kansas, Virginia, Northern Florida, Tennessee, oh, yeah, Hallelujah. Oh, holy, this is pretty interesting. Oklahoma, which I mentioned, you oral, oral, oral, oral, oral, allorobourses there, right? Texas goes without misery. And would you say, Missouri is in the south of like right, and to me, Missouri is in the Midwest. It strikes back that that's the center of the country. Missouri, show me where it is right. The show it to me is to in Canada, the term is also sometime used to describe several disparate regions which have a higher than average level of church attendance. Oh, these include the majority of rural southern Alberta and Saskatchewan, parts of the Canada, but the Fraser Valley of British Columbia, the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, MSB were Fraser Danzes and the St. John River Valley of New Brunswick. And I'll straight it up, and it'll be first to track when it would an individual city. For example, the Northwestern suburbs of Sydney focusing on the Bacchum Hills and Northern Houston, December of the other, focusing on paradise, Montgomery and Golden Grove, Coconut Grove. Whatever. Okay, see the Bible bill. It's all over the place. You're about to see the thing about the Bible bill, those folks are generally loosening their belt and doing a lot of that stuff. Yeah, I mean a lot. What animals, too? With anything, anything that's moving or an even if it's stationary, like a tree. Well, they're animals anyway, so let them lose their salt souls. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I got this pretty interesting. And spread the fact you kept going like that, just because you don't like just a bill. I mean, it's a hot as a firecracker. Does that make you, uh, is that what it is? I mean, this man, I said, that's a bad taste. I don't know. It's not a bad heart of acts. Blurie vision. Does that one is? I don't know. That's it. Okay. WDQAM. Hello. Not quite. For loy with this world. Okay, we are. We're from a year. How many of you are in here? Yeah, John. No, this is Neil, my John. Oh, Neil, hi, I'm already. I mean, you do it every time. He'll li-bibble, they'll like it confirmed, uh, the brass gets the part of it. It's Missouri. It was Missouri. I mean, the Taiwan, though, southern Iowa, Tennessee for sure. In the ocean. Well, part of the, yeah, and the whole plahoma, to be an Alabama. Right. Okay, but if you don't go any further north, the meat, the thick, the rap Bible, built strong and Tennessee. Well, we're getting one of the most of the Mason Dixon line. I thought that Nebraska was certainly more for the Mason. Yeah, okay. You got, all right. You got so as Iowa. And so is Montana. But I grew up in the brass. And I saw you tell me. Montana Bible about, buddy. We're a little bit just with you think. You and the president shall be. Yeah. We're a little bit, we're a little bit, we're a little bit. We're a little bit, we're a little bit. We're a little bit. We're a little bit. We're a little bit. We're a little bit. We're a little bit. So what's the state call out to there or any morning Introduction? Founding newspapers. I have to to do a such a cas mins But Johnson thought I could use Dennis to help them deal with this. When Black Starman is there, they're the Race Track snob fight over even? No, not at all. And that's Nebraska stole backwards. You know, I know that. You're having so much to do. Iacy Hardy away, David. I'll lie in front of you. All right, no. Thanks a lot, paliers in Nebraska guy, tax. Art Basics. He did a nice game. That's right. For the poll, Victoria Secret model, Adriana Lima, the sexiest is VP. Okay, Adriana Lima She can do Tony Lima the Mozi golfer equalized Lima. She's from Peru. Maybe she's Peruvian sounds like it Adriana Lima It was been the food Oh I say that article about the atheist the the last paragraph was the real tell all that was the tip off That Americans tend to be very perocularly know little about attitudes of people around and those people are the ones who are like terrified of atheism But if you go like to Western Europe the whole religion thing is most of the churches that are like that one bond out when in Berlin You know, so left over hangover from WWW to there's nobody praying or worshiping in there or like the old church in Amsterdam The hookers are looking right across the Where I fell down and broke that bone in my hand right across at Hershey highway there. The hookers he across the cobblestone road Man it got some bad streets I think I they fixed up the road to Vaseline to warm or survive you can actually walk on your not fall down and break your neck Well a lot of guys fall down because they're busy looking in the windows. You know looking at the hookers Which I can understand although the ones there on the well I don't know what the name of that street is where Kitty Corps where algal scene used to have the apartment use the apartment member There are higher class hookers better hookers over there. Oh man blonde. Wow Next time you guys go there. You'll be very impressed. Believe me. Can't wait. I'm telling you right? I know what's there. You walk by they kind of tap on the window. Hi honey and I keep walking 712 votes I keep thinking of myself for your barking up the wrong tree honey Well they are that's what you need anyone Jessica Alba 60 what which of these women would you like to see naked Do you haven't seen naked already? Of course somebody's people in your audience maybe they've seen them naked like I'm close and personal But I sure doubt it. Yeah, send pictures. Yeah Jessica Simpson 61 has moved into first place. He's a voter and a district Alba wow We've got a horse race. We got a cat fight right Barbara and Jenna Bush the president's daughter's 52 Just for old times sake just to piss him off. Let's see him naked You and each other well and for love you with 30 not Yeah, that's what Josh is worried about those brothers in that show He's very very concerned he spends a lot of time worrying about why are these two guys in their 20s Well, they're about 40 I know they're not about 40. Okay. We already been through this the 120-3 any other guys 28 What I mean You know what different I don't know what different I would make is it more is safe for guys brothers Are 40 to be sleeping the same row where if they're like in their 20s it's dangerous The older you are the gay or you are. Oh, I see it because it seems to me that if you watch that show it all That they have no tangible means of income they're always looking for dad so they're not getting money from him because they can't find him But that's all about and so they got to like the approval man. They're at a good point They're always on the road. They're traveling a lot. They've passed a gas. What do they do for money? I don't know well, I'd like to find out that actually a Sam Oh, I speak in a me as since you stopped off right there at Sam and Veean know it What's her 38 three-name name name for love human tender for love he really do it really well on the poll That's the definition of me as a mouth see Shakira 38 and Aquina, where you're 29 I'll go go her in a minute be on seeing the old 28 sure It's been I it's careful in 27 us he's Canadian Okay, they have a lot of 28 six valley part 24 Jennifer, Anis in 23, Kirsten, Dunst 23 Kirsten, I said it right Sandra Bullock 21 Jessica Beale 17 she's got as many as Howard Beale pretty Spear 17 Barbara Eden 17 that's the only thing I would have made that will be more exciting is if when he was screaming I'm as mad as I think would take this close off that would have been Oh, yeah, that's when I'm talking to really turn it off. What are walking about? Sandra Bullock 21 Jessica Beale 17 Britney Spear 17 boy how the money a fall in sweetheart Tainted good to go to bonus 17 Sarah Michelle Geller 16. Oh Sarah Jessica Parker. That's the me as one I'm who I mean, I don't put a runner notice. Yeah, and don't want to see her naked is obviously Okay, oh This This My 16 Oh Was that one moment please I'm at a rupting the procedure. I'm I'm eliminating this But I'm this break that that was unacceptable. He's he's okay if Tommy does that in a promo And I'm sure that he was instructed to do that by certainly individuals Wait a minute, I think I was that's in here. That was good stuff me. What are you talking about? I'm gonna give you gas when you get when you have gas. Yeah, you do a raspberry bug. That's what I'll see you. How you like that That I mean, yeah, it's a tattoo to be for to bark it down cross that off. I just changed my mind. Oh Good this goes to sure the double standard we have on this radio station man We got Joyce over there in Naples. We got Joe Bell who likes like a quadriplegic like a lump out of chair Who's just a smiling laugh, and you know, and in the meantime we got a little Tommy there to like that We'll give you gas I'll play that again. I want to hear that again. I could. Yeah, yeah, just to be sure that's a fart I could smell it all the way up here So I need brown raspberries. Oh, not yet at least not on the way in Oh, I'll not take California's with a head that Package that suspicious package, but it's been disabled and but this they showed that has Matt guide did you see that? Yeah, it looks like a styrofoam cooler like maybe something like a couple of weenies in Arizona There are a lot of marshmallows and he's he's walking you know very stiff and holding it up Please give me a break already suspicious package Yeah, when I think comes up again. I want to hear that real loud and clear I don't because we think we got a real we got a real crisis here that just developed in the last couple minutes of QAM We got what I call a real real separate set of standards going on here I got a feeling it won't come up again. Yeah. Well, what do you mean by that? Why not he changed it? What would he change it? Here's what happened? He told me you know Plough this for this rejoin in so I did it and then Miguel came in and say hey, don't play that rejoin in the middle of the break And what happened was is he goes okay? It's cool to go, but it obviously didn't transfer because yeah That's how it was to ran so right away right I noticed yeah, no actually was a boys andberry Well, what are you laughing about that was a boys andberry? They're muddly I know that if I'm not just hilarious if anybody would know their fruits it would be me Not our Way that's your asthma that's right. I'm not arguing with you at all right Then this childish crap that's going on here. You know, it's not like we got our hands tied behind our back Like we got our that Remember ball that used to be a joyous about like all of us have got that now we can't say anything and Now on the on the rejoins. They're doing a stick there with the heart sounds on here And the audience heard it they heard it heard what we should have dumped it that would teach him Well, but he means not gonna run again Miguel came in and said what in other words Miguel's got a spine finger in that yeah, I believe it Miguel has a finger in it and done and I mean he's not real quick That's what made that sound Who's a second Yeah, that's it Now you got it There's some real chaos thank you go on this radio station man It's just a theme. I think I'll see what is in order to hear a big fat massive lawsuit I was thinking before about how they destroy my credibility But again that line isn't any good when you work on this station because once you're working the door You leave you you check your credibility the door Q. I am that was that first contract you signed right? Yeah, when Greg was lying through his teeth and had a right of personal check to pay me for the talent piece Oh, well, you were not on the air. Oh, yeah, right. Oh, Greg said to say hi by the way I saw him yesterday tell him to fight it. Okay, tell him to eat cheese That's right tell the Great was in and said hi get out and here. Okay, in fact our sales manager was in this morning and every time we talked to Joe Bell and the sales guy They're telling us about how long it's gonna take to clean up the mess that was left behind Greg and we know that it's true All it's a pretty lame excuse for their inability to do anything Put nuts in the toilet, man. I guarantee I know exactly how Leo and those people what was the broad on that movie that bitch? Very annoying which movie the end of the Titanic What was her name? Wednesday. Kate Winsley. Oh, she's perfect for Leo. What a match made in heaven But anyway, I know how those people on Titanic felt because we're on it and we're about two quarters of the way down You can smell it already we're going down. You're only reason the people across the street are gonna do any better It's because the crap that they put on here. That's why they're too stupid to realize on all least radio 790 Wow, that that was just I mean I am sitting here. I can't believe it And then because he's in raspberry after that that was supposed to like that was of course a sanitized It Raspberry flavor. Yeah, and we got a disclaimer after the fart sounds now That's for the paper Clean the right occasionally will do like a live one, you know, and in raspberry Just just to make sure to cover our ass on the speed. I'll excuse me You're I'm saying oh just enjoy You'll leave ourselves open for some kind of a repercussion, but that was unacceptable. I heard it I heard what I heard that fart sound in that promo and I you don't tell me it disappeared either You got it you better hold on the mat for the other it doesn't work that way You better hang on to what it doesn't work well We have a recording the recording, but no the the audio vault as you know fire off whatever is in the system And Tommy has the ability to put things in and take things out and also that's gonna vanish Magical guess what I'm sure we got to tape we got tape running on the show Yes, so I think there's gonna be a massive loss of going on here against this place against the measly corp That's not gonna be worth about six cents on Monday. You'll see and a sue their fat ass Little Tommy with this fart sounds now isn't this great? Well, let's make a go back to the event. It's a promo for something that the promotion of department is doing So Miguel orders those promos to be produced when Tommy told Miguel what he had done Miguel came in here Diving on the board trying to stop Josh from playing it, but it was too late because as you know One say break is fired off in the audio vault there was in their diving on the rush. Yeah, you should have seen it Oh, there were arms Lighted in the woods everywhere. I just know where one ended and the other one began But it was too late because Josh would already have the great law Do fairy so then this this is real live on the air drama folks So they were witness to it. So then it got on the air and Miguel ran into cherry bathes and it says did that he Remove that before anymore Well, let me have you something who the hell is Miguel all of a sudden he's the promotions guy? What's he got there with programming? See now, I mean, he also did we miss his name on that memo with the beast and Robert creeper little Robert creeper Yeah, and Francis boyfriends is he also boyfriend with like I said I like the same angle a language is Miguel like I said in the beginning Miguel is the promotions director So he can order Promos for promotional events Who is he decide what's the content what's on here? Doesn't yeah, so now I was he diving on Josh because he wanted it would be a bad thing It was on the air about those two brothers sleeping in the same room in a motel What I said now with it so I said I take back what I said before I'm good. I'm just gonna raise hold with these people I'm gonna I'm gonna play 4,000 fart sounds on Friday Right, right, we're gonna promo it all week. Hey, but I work with you Tommy the all they all be a sort of fruit Yeah, Tommy's fall I like Tommy a lot of people there. Yes, see you the parking lot I'm working. Yeah, he's gonna get joist hard. He wouldn't look at the best part of that bitch And remember from what I've heard of that you've been fine with a search party in a fly-slide in the compass God I find I rubber ball in our mouth 26 past 11 at WQA and it's only a bunch of fruits This don't pan a new Roger This is 5 16 Hey, you Hey, sounds that you hate But I'm in it and I think they're really great I doubt that you can't hit a one or two much less Oh Hey Sound that you hate From the boys they will surely step away. I tell you what they are Guaranteed you go Yeah I like finger nails on a blackboard People factor in that for their knuckles When I rubbed I will fall together That just makes me just Ha ha ha ha Eight sound you can't stand Would you could tolerate if you were hit the man I am And to the list of it A fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate Oh Here's what I really love You might want to try it give me feedback in my headphones I That's more like Little more Hey, sound so unique Now let's review so you can really really free figure now People factor in that for their knuckles Rubber time and forth together Cause it made me so I like Friends who think is an achievement Rating in a woman on window When I get into drilling my moves That makes me just think Oh my boy singing and a record Ha ha ha You said all that fine child If these aren't give you the shivers That makes you want one Hey, you're not just someone fight their fork like this Cause I'm on it Here I'll do it again Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee whicing window I back my neck? I got one more I got one more Why not one more two? Is it matter of fact that just looked up a Jennifer love you at the gallery of pictures and she said I Yeah, yeah, I'm not mouthy. Yes, you're right about that. What is really wow? It's just he's in fourth place. I don't know my god. He's a tiny little person With big boobs. That's what that man She is mouse. She makes her hand a look like a man That's how much she's touched But she's in fourth place with 44 votes behind Jessica Simpson Who's got 65 just like an album 64 the bush daughters are 54 doing well in third Barbara and Jenna And Jennifer love he was got 44 all brothers should cure 39's right on her ass But about Jennifer Conley. I'll I guess we see if we see her naked? No. Yes. We saw her we did. Yes. And what? In the hot spot of first and foremost. We saw her hot spot. No, but her boobs. No. Should I a twin 30 look at that? God. Beyond saying those 29 and a corner order 29 had to lock the 27. What about Kate Smith? Oh, she's dead. Holy part in 26. Kristen Dunst 25 Jennifer Ayniston 23. Sandra Bullock 22. That's bad. She just I don't know that he's just too pristine to be naked. This is not her bag. She's a light. It is her bag. And Britney Spears only 20. She kicked ass the first time five years ago Had 131 she'd be an anacorn or a lot of almost 50 votes. I asked you about it Exactly. I got lost in the shuffle. Did you see that bonus picture I said of her walking on the street here recently? Who's that? They're Brittany. Bonus now. I didn't I got rid of those. Okay. Because that's that's why that's what she looks like now Brittany typical white trash just trailer transel. Yeah, I think it rubbed off. I think it rubbed off. Brief thousands of demonstrators marched in Milwaukee and Miguel will come running back in for this story. This is right up his alley. Thousands of demonstrators marched in Milwaukee. Yes, did it would post tough anti immigration legislation sponsored by the Republican congressman Jim and sense of runner. House resolution 4437 will make all undocumented immigrants fell on them require all employers to verify the immigration status of its employees. All in the legal amiance. Excuse me, illegal aliens. A wait a minute. Andy and mommy beats his. I wanted to point out to you that beastly stock is down over 25% this month alone and hearing it's all time low good and is literally so. Wall Street is finally waking up to how poorly managed the company they are. Don't buy beastly stock whatever you do folks. Okay. My god. This is a company. Yeah, 6.7. So, I'm also interesting for the top 7 on your full living mind me. Alba, secure up Beyonce and Cornoholia. Susanne. Susanne. All of us here. I'm her department. Jessica Alba is here. And taxable and these days. Hey, just anyway, the house is already passed since the various bill and senator bill fist Republican Tennessee's introduced a companion bill and the Senate. It would also make it a felony to be in the west without the proper paperwork George. Got your papers. That's how do you carry them with me every day? Harold? No. Roll a Harold. That's the one you need. J.O.B. Send some right to send a statement last year that this bill would help regain control of our borders and prevent illegal immigration as well as help strengthen and promote our compassionate and welcoming illegal immigration system. About 30,000. But, The protestors, they marched into downtown Alokie's part of administration titled, They Without Latinos. Oh, he knew, as if he had demonstration in South Florida called it, they Without Latinos. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I think it would be a different kind of demonstration, but a lot of people would show up. In which Latinos were in, Ha ha ha. That's funny. We're encouraged to take time from their jobs to march according to voices that are on Tana, which organized the event. If police enforcement said the crowd is between 10 and 15,000 and they're saying, But, Does the Milwaukee Business also close yesterday in protest? A day without Latinos is the theme that theme it in Milwaukee protest. Barra's its name from the 2004 comedy called The Day Without a Mexican, which California wakes up on it and finds its Hispanic residents have instantly disappeared. And they're all going, Oh, wow! The Milwaukee Marseille, of course, then they can't get their cheap labor. That's right. The Milwaukee Marseille is one of several recent protests organized across the nation by groups of post immigration bills considered by Congress. The Senate judiciary committee has told Monday to vote on the competing legislation, but once said it eight said the prospect on sender's thing action didn't seem bright. The eight called negotiations in a sense slow going and pretty face slow down and show down over the vote. Democrats are saying that the first and sends a letter to measures vote too far, especially the provisions that threaten to criminalize anyone who helps an undocumented immigrant like George. This bill would literally criminalize the good Samuritan and probably even Jesus himself said Hillary Clinton, that'll Hillary. The website for a voice-based illopharenetic error, which ensignes means voices from the border, no kidding. States didn't addition to turning immigrants into films and pressure employers, since and letters bill could also affect immigrants driving privileges and emergency medical care. Well, they've been going to learn to go soft floor to manifesting you with illegal aliens, is given the drivers license in a beautiful 57-shabby. Right? Right? Now we're talking. The Iraq War is now as unpopular at home as the Vietnam War was in 1968, but in the absence of a military draft in a clear way out, Americans aren't taking the streets aimlessly. Except of course for those that they without Latino or people. protests marking the third anniversary of the war due to less than 10,000 people in major U.S. cities over last weekend, a quarterly partisan police counts despite poll showing broad public displeasure with the war while the public is a little bit like little a third year. Compared to Vietnam, the Iraq war is remarkable for how quickly it lost public supports a John Mueller-ray political scientist at the University who makes that positive that anywhere near that dreamfields. By the way, George said it at his publics they were out of stock. They had the abin there of no dreamfields. They had the good where it had been. My blood sugar is great. My lost five pounds man, I feel great. I guess I'm going to have for lunch today about 3.34 o'clock. I have a nice bowl of dreamfields pasta with meat on it. Slap olives. Oh yeah. Fripe that ground beef and little olio oliva. With 2,000 dead on this war supported his drop to the point that it took 20,000 didn't Vietnam at the time of the 10th of Fencem's 68-year-old AFP. But Americans aren't marching in the streets to voice their discontent as large as because the alternative to war is not clear and because the absence of a military draft is simply not affected by the conflict. This war is bad as it is, touches a first-mobler percentage of the population and be enamed its in Charles Franklin political science professor at the University of Wisconsin Madison. You do see peace rallies on the Madison campus but you don't see anything like the anti-Vietnam rallies and riots that they had back here in the 60s. Not one of our students is being drafted in the military, not many are volunteering also, you know that. That does dramatically reduce the self-interest that people have been opposing the war. It leaves you with core peace activists there is smaller group than certainly you saw in the 60s. Well, it's a different kind of America too. You had people all foaming in the head of rebellion man. Open rebellion. In other course, there was always Ken State. In Lincoln State, hey, Rebellida against this. And so, whoops? Peace activists meanwhile insisted the anti-war movement is growing. Brian Becker of the anti-war coalition answer said the group decided to focus on neighborhood based protests instead of massive mobilizations on the third anniversary of the war. And a rally in the working class, Brock's neighborhood of New York, 500 people marched to a busy commercial, and a ring got huge support. When one was waving, talking their horns and taking military, he said, these are people that don't have the resources to get on a bus and come to Washington. Peace activists say their meetings are growing new faces and protests opponents have all but vanished. A crowd of about 115 men and rural parkers were dressed Virginia near the home of war, hero Jessica Lynch, for an anti-war rally on Sunday. They came to hear the Iraq and Iraq war veteran and the mother of a wounded soldier. For this area, it was a pretty big turnout said, while Oville of Wood County Democrats, the county has lost three soldiers in Iraq. Another public opinion snapshot will come with an April 4th being the troops home referendum being held in 32 municipalities in the Western Midwest and State of Wisconsin. Organizers say a signature gathering campaign politically diverse parts of Wisconsin, put the issue on a ballot, but they have no idea about the attack. Freedom of troops home. Amen. Now, right now, now, as far as the Iraqis are concerned, let them lose their soul. It's a new, rot-for-esum, Israeli's, the Arab's, if you want to have a good time, tell it to leave us alone. Oh, oops. Yeah. Thank you, let me get a run of the other side there. I think Tommy killed the audiovolve. Hey, with that raspberry. Keep stalling. Keep stalling with what? Keep stalling with what? Not to my knowledge. Yeah. I think Tommy done it. Don't you? And by the way, we're dead. Here we go. Do you know who I am? I'm most green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. What's the name of that thing? To hold in both the sun and the fast? Yes. Right home. What's important to a man and what can he do down over his hands? Yes. Can he do it again? A man that shaps his one-brain. Oh, whoa. How are you just talking about my shaft? I'm so this should be overlaid. He's just going to the last. Now my shafts and the swift shafts, their dogs might go put on as quick as it gets. That's good. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Who you eyes a case? It's 1146-14. The new day. Go ahead. Go ahead. This is one of my all-time favorite stories. You know they say the Lord helps those who help themselves. Well that's what the Bush family does too. You have to do it in the family. That's right. Remember we had to story about Bush's uncle Leopard today? Right? Former First Lady Barbara Bush donated an undisclosed amount of money to the Bush Clinton Katrina Fund, which specific instructions that the money we spent with an educational software company owned by her son Neal Bush. They are God. Since then, the ignite learning programs been given to eight area schools that took the importance of substantial numbers of her cane Katrina evacuees. Mrs. Bush wanted to do something specifically for education, specifically for the thousands of students, letting them be Houston schools, a Jean Becker, former President Bush who chief of staff, Bush won. She knew that HISD was using the software program, and she's very excited about this program, so she wanted to make it possible for them to expand these to this program. I see. Is that the same program that our FADAS Governor Jim Bush instituted in the state of Florida? Yes. Yes. Which just happens to be developed by Neal Bush. Who was he saving his loan scandal guy? Right. Right. From the civil rights. That's the same thing. Yeah. Same Neal. Bush. Speaking of crazy people in Scientology. You're fair. When it comes to furniture and his love for Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise just couldn't help himself. What does he make me want to vomit? Yep. The mega star was against the bonnet. You know, it's, it's one, there's a lot of closet and famous people. Okay, and they do make me go and they got all that money and they got nothing. They got nothing but no, no balls at all. The fact that it matters is he does he carries it to a new extreme, you know, even Tom Seleleton, the holders may or Michael Jackson never held his many press conferences to deny that they were. Yeah, is this guy? I'm going to silly you. I'm going to silly you. Yeah, right. So this. I think he's a boy named Sue. The mega star was the guest daughter right Yahoo's quarterly influential speakers event to his day at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California, battling which he's executive Terry Simell and answering questions from the crowd. He's been in prompt to arm wrestling match with Simell, who is justingly, we're, we're quickly to his Oprah sofa hopping episode this time on a chair to trumpet his joy about his fiance and their soon-to-rive offspring. He believe me, he's my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, George Bush, you know, keeps repeating it over and over. He believed me now. He'd been buying it yet. No, oh, then he brought the very pregnant homes out of the stage where he beamed and panter her round belly. Probably the first time he touched her. And yes, he then sealed the overload with a kiss. Oh, that convinces me. TV's inside the edition broadcast to happy event last night. Aren't you excited about that? There will be a little bit of the kiss I can get Brian Halen seeing right now on dot records. See you with the kiss. Right. Thought Bobby Vitton did that. No, he did that too, but I was a cover. You're right. Here's Bart Brian Highland. I'm Brian. If you'll ever start, you can do a Brian. Good. God. Where's the room? I didn't mean a little bit of Brandon to Wilwild, but hey, I'm out here. Hey, what's like, he was, ah, hey, Brian, come on. He can do it. There you go. Hey. Why do I speak in a Brian culture connect his things in the, oh, yeah. He's a chicken actors in the Mayan. He's driven us. Oh, he got us. I talked up. Nobody hits the post like that. I thought I heard Gary Lewis said this. Why? Gary Lewis said this. Wow. Let me, he said, count me out. We don't want to hear Gary Lewis. You actually have Gary Lewis in the, and then that wasn't in hit from 68. Now, no. Tell us what it was. Top 10. Get out. I have it. It was a top 10 of this. And then if that's not good enough, yeah. Bobby, you've been, yeah, I'm sorry. He couldn't do it. He just can't get another this out. I'm wearing how much bullying he didn't buffalo with those white songs. Here goes. There goes. Oh, we got to say goodbye. Good bye to good idea. I don't see it. I'm sorry, but I don't see it. Well, I see over the kiss rate in number of no, it wasn't top 20. I have to be number 19. Okay. So I lie to him. I was 27, 68, nine weeks. It was Robert Creeper, favorite because it was, three, I had weeks on the chart, the Billboard chart. It was incredible. So you can't miss it. What are you eating now? He's on the paper. What are you guys? Oh, for me. He's here from Tony. Oh, well, we don't want to say that. Oh, look at that. He also did. Gary Lewis must have had a thing from Brian Hallen because he also did. Saviour Hart for me. First, we quit it by Brian Hallen. 60, three was the number one adult temperature temporary for three weeks. Saviour, I remember that. And you got it? Saviour Hart for me? Yeah. Well, that's cornball man. He didn't pass the room, so better than that. And love that he's in the sand. Remember? Come on here if you can do it. Oh, yeah. What's up? Hey. Oh, can he sing or what? Can he go out and have an analysis? No. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. What's that count man? If you're not all these marching ones, let's get home on the sun. It's for you. There. Oh, bless you. There it is. Count me in. I'm telling you. Count me out. Anyway, with one of the places count me out. One minute, 58 seconds, but that's Saviour Hart for me. Yeah. How about the stay by me? I mean, I swear you. I think 1, 48 or something like that. I thought that's good song. That was a best song. This time in Rhinburg, it's a good hit. 1, 40. Stayed or he's for you. 1, 40. I told you. In fact, Donald Hudson, you were short one, too. And songs as well. How would we write off him? I've been in a lot of pre-sures. I don't have any. I've been walking through the world. No one would walk in. I don't have a walk. Oh, I know. Okay. That's enough. Very sweet. It's a 10 second floor. We hit. Bond suit on deck. Oh, Josh is going to be really upset about this. If you think he's peered about those two brothers, they're not going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. If you think he's a good one, they're going to be a good one. I think these chances are of success are close to zero. In other words, it's like that. Just like the numbers of the stage across the street, close to zero. Michael Reigns, bonds attorney, said yesterday, he'll seek a temporary restraining order against the Chronicle. I made porters Mark, Fainer Rue Wada, and Lance Williams who co-authed the book, published your Gotham books and sports illustrated with published next year of Chadows two weeks ago. Notably, the soup Reigns expected to file a California Superior Court in San Francisco is not for liable. Rather than challenge the facts in the book, bonds lawsuits affected argue that the writers got their information including secret grandeur retests among investigators notes illegally. He wants an injunction to stop cells of the book and seize all profits from it. So they don't deny anything in the book. The author is a countersue under California strong anti-slap that stands for strategic lawsuit against public participation statute, which prevents parties from using the course to stifle free speech. Generally, the laws used to keep large corporations from showing critics to silence them, like Walmart. Defendants' respect Reigns is simply trying to find somebody who is trying to find somebody who is trying to save face. He has to be able to say to his buddies, I sued him in order to resurrect his reputation said to Reigns for one of the defendants speaking on the commission of anonymity. It's hard to win a liable case when the story is right. The book's publisher is also offered on conditional support for the authors. We had Gotham books are shocked that Barry Bonds would take such a foolish dev Gotham statement and he respected First Amendment lawyer in America knows that his claim is nonsense. nonsense, BS Barry. God, maybe that's what the BB stands for in his name, the book released yesterday says that Bond started taking a hard course steroids and human growth hormone before the 99 season time for anything claims that he unknowingly took steroids provided by the balcol land. He was smearing it, back to him all over. Anna Moore Shaw, California business in real estate attorney who is successfully suitably staff statute, said Bond's lawsuit could easily backfire. The court's going to look at whether there's truth to the accusations, frankly, the guys don't think or we don't can't at worms because we're going to have to testify about what he's done these things were, Shaw said, it sounds to me like Bond's is saying, do something come up with something, can't you do something to stop this? Burton said that Bond's himself was recently partnered with the chronicle in a staff suit against one of his former physicians and Rupert Carver who suit Bond's and the paper. We actually won that case with Bond's and he's about to deposit a check for what she said. As for the brewing legal battle she said, this title litigation does not strike me as ringing with validity, meaning Bond's suit. If Wayne's father's lawsuit today then her attorneys will immediately file theirs whether Bond's request is successful or not. Fender were waitin' who appeared on SportsNet on New York TV's daily news live yesterday, said he's not worried about any legal challenges. We stand fully behind the reporting for the book and our confidence to act received and always judge court that's even though he denies it. So he says very Bond's is a greatest baseball player ever, which we say, yeah, Yamama, get out of here. You had to be joking when you said that, of course. No, definitely not. Oh my god, the sac religious man, punk like you that knows majorly baseball, you wouldn't know, really maze from Billy maze. We got ourselves that smear stuff on TV. Right, Jessica, we'll be working. But what else Jessica, do you guys do with Willie Mays? I'll leave her out of this. Yeah, she's innocent. What else you got to do with Mickey Mendel and all those other Jewish ballpill players? I don't know, but... And Hank Greenberg and Hank Gilbert, very UFOs. He's a huge Roger. Ford Bond's is a five 16th, 18th, 18th, 18th. This is Mark Morgan. Mark Morgan is the 12th to one hour on Q-8-M. Hey, tell, Greenberg's at over 720K, of a great as songs alone, especially the Lady of New Life by Jerry Lewis. Lightning! One minute with you and baby. Somebody loves songs for your lady, all in shivered of it. I love my sir, him, so. And the nibble superstar in her favorite, Jerry Lewis. I don't hit her favorite lady loves songs. Nice lady, love. Baby, lady, I just brought my big granddad's new pair. And some amazing compadity of 728, love songs for your lady. All of you, we're mass-drived and all performed by the Masterful Superstar. Jerry Lewis! I don't even get any of my new joy, me. I can't tell right now. And they're very special, musical tribute to the lady. You don't get this arrow swift, classic. Ah, and... What's my name? It's a show of you. It's a little old lady with a pair of wings. And I wouldn't use it never to sound it better. That ain't no way to see the lady in your way. That we can't baby no more. And listen to everything. I'm using interpretation of the Superhip of the King of Po. You're a baby with my wife, sir. You're a baby with my wife. You're a baby with my wife. You're a baby with my wife. Jerry Lewis! I'm a baby with my wife. That's 748, that's what ladies saw. On 35 CDs, you don't 120, you're a 8-track safe. All remixing boys, my whole family, you're a musical gift. That's not a news. And it's a collection, you'll share it. You'll end your love and your label better. It's all yours from 17.0. We've been selling 32.5 and it's only from K-D-D. You can tell us it's out. We know. And you wonder why his kids saw speaking. A lot of people thought it was from the trauma of seeing his buddies getting blown to bits and Vietnam. That could have been part of it. But if Jerry Lewis was your daddy, you'd probably like your claim. So you've paid for their name. Still off into space a lot. 12.02.05. See here's the follow-up. Here's the rest of the story on Barbara Bush, Bands. Okay. I'm Mark and Washington. As Barbara Bush spent two hours championing her son's offer accompanied in Houston, middle school, yesterday morning a watch dog group pushed in one of the former first ladies to be allowed to channel a donation to needle bushes ignite learning company through Houston's hurricane between a relief fund. It's strange that the former first lady would want to do this. If her sons having a rough time of it, couldn't she write them a check? sedanial bore jaw, fond of the American Institute of Philanthropy, Chicago Mace, Trinity, watch dog group. Maybe she's the word that people could frown upon this. Some critics said donations to a tax deductible charitable fund shouldn't benefit the bush family. Others questioned whether the Houston depended school to stay violated this policy by allowing the company to host a promotional event on the school campus. HIS the official said the event at Fleming Middle School where Bush met with 40 educators and vinic leaders did not violate policy. The schools among 80 orator campuses that receive the ignite curriculum on wheel systems because of Bush's donation of an underserved amount of the bush Clinton Houston hurricane relief fund. She gave specific instructions at part of the money to be sent to the Scottish-based school foundation. She asked that the group in terror and used the money to buy eight ignite systems, valued at 3800 bucks each for heres County schools, the large numbers of hurricane Katrina factories, acquainted bush and fund officials. I said the George One Day, maybe it sort of selfishly, but I'd like to give something I could see to be also, if you told the crowd, the thing I knew about was the cow. Huh? Well, she has a mirror. I say. She said she hopes the donation will encourage other companies and individuals to give both time and money to public schools strapped by hurricane Katrina. For her said her sons company couldn't have afforded the donation on its own. They gave a lot. They couldn't give more, she said. They'd love to give more, but they're a small little company. Steve Maysland personally, gritty Houston Community Foundation, which is ministryly, $979,000 relief fund that Bush donated to said the donation was made legally and properly. Mrs. Bush wanted to support the local hurricane effort. He said, she could it on directly. She chose to do it to hear to get the word out about the fund. Fleming rolled out to red carpet for Bush, color guard members from Wheatley High School and Vembers from Kashmir, or the Kushmir, and took his high school perform to hear a campaign to create a new event to raise the opportunity to talk about what they enjoy using the curriculum on wheels. It makes me laugh, advice, and Smith, and 50 year-old Fleming student. I really enjoy the cow. Hmm. Well, HISD has a policy that prevents the district and schools from endorsing or promoting the merit of a brand name or trademark products used in officials defended the event. Nancy Lowmax, a long-time peer-reactiveist in HISD, said that this should not have allowed the event to be held during school hours. HISD has a matter of policy doesn't endorse products. I think they're getting way off course. They're on moral course, he said. I can understand that HISD is an awkward position. We're sent to give him a powerful person. But at the same time, turn it around and make it a dog and pony show is disgusting. She said. Disgusting. It'll be on our website. When Josh goes around. Stop it and we go. Huh? That's the gulf. What do these days? Soon they're through a lunch. What was lunch from? I was. Yeah. Which of these women would you most like to see naked who you haven't seen naked already? We got 861 votes. We'll get 10,000 easy today. If we could be a 1,000 votes on this, then I'll hold on to be. With so far how many, how many we got those, those kind of 17, 1.9% where did how are all the gay guys? So you all as soon as they heard this pull, it's scared of me. Jessica Simpson 72, Jessica Alba 69, man. That is a cat fight. They're duke it out. I'd love to say that. Barbara and Jenna Bush, president, daughter's 57. Area respectable third. Just like they were the first time we took the pull. The competitors have changed on both sides all around, but they're a solid number three. Is what they are. Rock solid. Jen. Well, that's true. Jennifer love you at 49. I see you want to pee. She'll cure a 43. Should I attend 34. Beyonce knows 32. Anna Quinaulia 31, who's dropped way down. Way off that big perch. Valley part in 29. They're part in. Tired to find out where, but they're part in. Uh, Kristen Vones 27. Jen, her Aniston 24. Sandra Bullock 24. Britney Spears 21. Oh my god. Donna 110 from that first pull. She is split off the face of the globe. Her globe is defeated. Faith Hill 20. Barbara Eden 20. Sophia Vergara 19. Jessica Beal 18. No matter how you spell it, she had much. Daisy Quintas 18. Sarah Michelle Geller 18. Sandra, what's her name? They'll counter her, I haven't. If he talks 18, uh, Janet Weenner will have any yet. And these, they're done in Chile. Or sister Jean. None of them. I'm gay 17. I hate this pull 16. None. I'm a heterosexual female 14. We got 14 women. Straight ones anyway. We're right. I carry 14 with that one huge booby in the middle of her forehead. Jerry Ryan 13. Christina Applegate 10. Cindy Margoless 9. Tiffany Amber Thieson 9. We don't a rider eight. Martina Hingus 7. Melissa Joan Hart 6. Tara Banks 6. Gwen Stephanie Stefani 5. Christina Agalera 5. As the Jame Michael Loosen used to say, I'm 15 or 13. Squeak squeak. Rodney the Rodden. Our alley land refie. Greg Landry don't have any. Julia Roberts 5. Adianna Lima 4. Hillary Duff 4. For for Duff. I want to see Duff naked. Lindsey. Low hand for that. Hillary Duff. Lensie. Tilioni 4. You think there's something symbolic there? David Fox 4. I think there's what are you going to do about it? You're fairie. Elizabeth Flaarsky from Survivor 4. Kristy Brinkley 3. Tony Brachton 3. Alley Larktard Larger. Lardass 3. Jules Asner 3. Nive Campbell 2. Jerry Garth. Jenny. Dini Garth 2. Rebecca Gayhart 1. Lauren Holly 1. And Bridger Wilson 1. Did we what we got Hillary Duff Scott 4? Rodden. Rodden. Rodden. She's about seven years old. How old is he? What's about seven? She looks. He's learned to script. Yeah. Just cut out generic. Look at him. How old are you? I'm like you. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yes sir. Is Jennifer Garner on that pole? No. She should be. The one he is now. Okay. How about Earl Stanley Garner? Gardener. How about James Garner? I never liked him. What was that show he was on? Rockford Files. Nine of her liked him. Rockford Files. Thanks Joe. I liked it. You liked the rockford Files? Hmm. What was funny? I thought there was a cop show. You don't like cop shows. I was a case with all that. Oh, no wonder I hated it. Fony. Fony Maloney. I did the effect of. Give him the shaft. WDQAM. Hello. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Good team though. Yes sir. Oh. Nice. Nice. Oh, bye. Oh, bye. Bobo. Bobo. Yeah. Back action. If you could have done it to the rhythm, that would have been something. Yeah, right. That would have been very good because like your package and so on. Time it could have made a promo out of it. There's a couple of parts on it. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. I'm going to have to beg the differ with you and that taller earlier regarding just the appeal. She is absolutely hot. Well, she must photograph poorly. There are some people like that. I looked at 80,000 pictureser just to try to make sure that the file is not covered. I'll be right back with you. I'll be right back with you. What? Well, I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I looked at 80,000 pictureser just to try to convince me of what George was saying. And he also emailed me about 400 more. And she's okay. I mean, I'm sure George and Josh have probably seen the remake of Texas Jamesaw Massacre. Yeah. Yeah. And that's that the way she looked in that. But, and hopefully there must be something in the water and pump and obese because I agree with Josh. I think Barry Bonnes is the greatest player of all time. Okay. Well, Ocin, you were a manning of thousands. Even he can't do that. Checks in the veil, Josh. Yeah. Checks in the mail, sir. They're all pitcher. But hey, he can. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't think he does get it. That's a problem. Maybe he's going to get it. Maybe he's going to get it from Barry Bonnes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, maybe he can be in Barry Kim and Schmerl over that cream together. I don't want to argue with you. I don't want to hear something. I don't want to hear something. I don't want to hear something. You know, I think I'm the face of it. And it's so ass to not to say he's the greatest baseball player of all time. When you're such a young punk. I mean, is this idiotic? Okay. You want me to give you my one reason why he's the greatest player. Better than 10 Williams, better than Stan Musiel, better than Tyson. Better than Hank Green, better than Mike May's Mickey Mantle Henry Air and all of these great baseball players. All right, let's use a greatest baseball player wherever there is. It's an idiotic statement. Listen to what I'm going to say. I'll never say another thing is a great network of drivers and harness racing history. Listen to me. I'll never say anything. And if all those guys you just named who are arguably the greatest players, you know, people have their opinions. They're the one who's that. They're worried that that sticks out for Barry Bonnes. You ready for it? Hey, that's your only one. No. No. They're like, they're like, Britney Spears, they're tainted. You ready? Yeah. 500 500. He's hit 500 home runs and 500 stolen bases. Nobody ever has had 300 300. No. Yeah. That's it. Power Speed combination and the story. Yeah. Power with the steroids, right? Close the board. It's a great as a lot. And his their baseball. 500 500. Great as that. How much is in John B. And he's the greatest. Still road player in the Mark Mark McGuire. You are in such denial, man. You and Sammy, so said there's another phony below me. Okay. That's a very pop fan. I love you, Chicago. I love you Miami. Whatever that crap. I'm a baloney. That's one of the reasons that baseball such a joke. That it's your golf ball. The issues are so in the baseball. So it's a tight-they're like golf balls. And they're hitting like 600 feet. I wonder, all they're still right. Yeah. It's just a crocker crap. How about Raphael Tomero? How come he ain't the greatest liar in history of a South Florida? Next to Greg Reed. How about a way. Next time he's he Greg George. Give me all that tight and salute for me. With a turn like. I just give my message. But are you going to do about it? You're fair. This is new runners. This is 5. 16. I don't care who. Are you. Where are you? You think I'm going to be a jack-on-do now. You think I'm going to wear a coat of brown. Even when I just got my coat on. I don't want to. Do I get my lips show like a. I don't. Will I try to have it? No, I won't. You're one of just up my frozen heart. When I walk into you, it's holding so hard. I was with you both. So do like a hole. Maybe there's a dress. Cut down the back. So when people said, am I just a good team like that? I put on a shirt. It was beautiful. You could see my boots and go play nipple soon. Then I got a shirt and no heavy gun. We didn't matter if my mother's here is gone. You think I'm going to wear a coat of brown. Even when I just got my coat on. I don't want to. Do I get my lips show like a. Will I try to have it? No, I won't. Even when I just got my coat on. I don't want to. Now, let's stop putting her on here because we don't want just all ass. 911 votes on a poll. We'll make that 1000-like slide-off a cliff. Speaking of that, earth's warming likely irreversible signs to say. Wait till you hear this. Oh boy. Especially for a South Florida. And now, we're in the next 10 years to growing human influence on earth's climate. Colleague to a long and irreversible rise in sea levels. By rotting earth's vast polar ice sheets, according to new observations and analization by several teams of scientists. One team using computer models of climate and ice found that by about the year 2100. All we won't even be like a memory by that time. 2100. The average temperature is going to be 40 degrees warmer than today and that the overcome over the coming centuries the world's oceans could rise. 13 to 20 feet. If you want to go to Amsterdam, I think you better plan it pretty soon. Conditions last seen 130,000 years ago between the last two ice ages. The findings reported that the journal's science are consistent with other recent studies of melting at erosion at the polls. The polls are melting. Probably we're in them bowling socks too tight. Many experts say they're still uncertain about timing or stint and causes. But Jonathan overpeck of the University of Arizona lead author of one of the study said the new findings made a strong case for the danger of painting the curb emissions of carbon dioxide other heat trapping greenhouse gases. Greenhouse gases is Tommy would say. If we don't like the idea of flooding out in the world, the major portion of South Florida and many other guided parts of the coastal US will have to commit soon to make major effort to stop most emissions of carbon to the atmosphere he be saying. According to computer simulations, the global nature of the warming from greenhouse gases which diffuses around the atmosphere could amplify the melting around Antarctica beyond that of the last warm period which has driven mainly by access sunlight reaching the northern hemisphere. Researchers also said it stains from dark foot drifting from power pines and vehicles could hasten melting in the Arctic by increasing the amount of solar energy absorbed by ice. The future rise in sea levels driven by loss of ice from both Greenland and West Antarctica would occur over many centuries and be largely irreversible but could be delayed by curving emissions of the greenhouse gases that overpeck and his fellow lead author Betty Otto Blisner of the National Center for atmospheric research in Boulder, Colorado. In a second article in Science Researcher say they've detected a rising frequency of earthquake like rumblings in the bedrock of Barney Rubberl is down there at McEnnoise. Mimi's got to gas. Rumblings in the bedrock when he freelance two-mile thick ice cap and laid summer since 1993 they had there's no obvious explanation other than the rub movements of the overlying ice caused by surface melting. The joceling of the giant ice-cloth island is five times more frequent than the summer than the winter is greatly intensified since 2002 since Bush came in. The date and mesh with recent satellite reading showing that the ice can lurge toward the sea during the melting season. It's lurching over here. Ever see lurch? Yes. I could have ran for president last time. The analysis was led by Goran Ekster of Harvard and Merrit at Nettles of the Lamont Authority Earth Observatory in Palacades in New York part of Columbia University. You ought to be playing Palacades Far Cry Friday Boom Room Cannon. Shunia? Yes. There it is. There it is. Indeed. In Antarctica Greenland appears that warming waters are also working out in the protruding tons of ice where glaciers flow into the sea or that's what the Hillary Clinton has for a bubble said. Tongue of ice. The ice is one of the sea or in truly many ice sheets like those in western Antarctica that lay mostly below sea level. Both processes can cause the ice to flow more readily in the other area. Well, that's probably dead. That's one of the good things. You don't have to worry about such crap. Then they had this shower from this chat and new garnere on CNN this morning. And the bitch bubble had a hostess. I don't know which one it was. The one at the time between Solidad and the cure of Phillips. The anxious one and it wasn't Mrs. Limbaugh. And she's like given him what for a don't you think that's unacceptable? Thousands of calls to chat and who is 911 call center have been going on answered. According to records, I'm sorry, 911. But I'll say 911. Correct. Correct. Records examined after a call was enabled. Reported kitchen fire because three or four dispatchers were taking breaks at the same time. Stacey Hunter and her family members called 911 from her home phone and cellular phones Monday if no one in the fire broke up. But the calls went unanswered. Art, Art Tureus bonds and 14 year old nephew, Clay Sean Fountain. I mean come on with these names. QU AYSH, AUN, Clay Sean Fountain ended up running a half-model to get help from the fire station. No one was hurt. It was an accident but nobody got hurt. If they hadn't gone running my house with a completely bird up potter, 34 said, and she stood in her scorched kitchen. That's Art Tureus. Wait a minute, I was her name. Quitter. Kim Hunter. Oh. You were broken, Your Gary Johnson. Dear Gary Johnson, I though you knew my and service toy was over, and you, your name was Gary Johnson. You love Lance Young Marcus a lot at any time. The last year they also quote the reports from the rooftops of lifts, быwit and irgendwie did lose signage. Public consultation did arise also go through local police, and chastising the guests and ripping them and asking them to do so. Totally inappropriate. Bitch. See this is the problem because these people are on CNN therefore and they think it gives them some kind of entitlement open up a big stupid mouth. During one ten month period from January to October of last year, about 27,000 calls to city dispatchers in Chattanooga at the time on one center. What unanswered, police spokesman Tetsuo Tauri said, oh God they got to make these names up. Tetsuo's Tauri. You sure got nice Tetsuo. Last month, 20% about and that's a guy I think. Last month, 20% about 2000 more of the 10,600 50 calls placed for not answered. He said official said the count includes numerous call or hangups in repeat calls. Right, that's very skews. On Monday alone, record sure that we're 22 unanswered call to the 911 service in the 27 minute period when the fire was burning. Six of them came from Arturius and Quashon's house. You have four people supposed to be dispatching and three people on break. I still can't digest that, honestly. That's why we heard those sounds before. That indigestion. That gas. Is there good gas? Here's the facts. Although I disagree a lot of knowledgeable baseball people say Barry Bosn's the greatest sitter of not terrible time. One I can think of immediately is Ed Kaplan who's easily the most baseball knowledgeable person on the air TV or radio in this market. He's full of crap. I like any of you, a lot of you, a crap. He's pretty infantic about it. In fact, no doubt in his mind. Well guess what, you mama. Personally, as an overall player, I'd take really maize, tie-com, babe Ruth. Also an unbelievable picture before he's made the play we did as correct. Or even Ted Williams and Roberto Clemente. A lot of people know their baseball to see me. I don't care. It's a city, I don't care. It's a face of it. Barry bonds my ass. Especially, he's got this, he's got this teeth. Or, you know, that covers everything of these accomplished. Is that right? He's a guy. He's entering the OE's head home runs at the gym. Family's right. Did you read that book yet? Whatever makes it happy. Have you read the book yet? That's not answered the question. You read the book yet. No. You're going to read it? You're going to get it? No. I just like what a p, why, well, why not? You know, why you can't handle it through it. That's what Tommy Cruz said. Talk fair. Yeah. You think I don't know he took steroids? No, that's not the point. That he doesn't just take steroids. He was taking all kinds of performance and hands and crap. Everything can get his hands under teeth. He's a cheater. Cheater. Baby Ruth at the meantime, with other than the students, walk out LA schools to produce an ingrration policy. You broke his. He should let you go. I'll talk to Mexico. And they're having the non-Lotino Lamarch in California today. Or that is that's a begin next week. Oh my god, he sounds like a real screaming on a gay. Wow, who's that? That's that Tony, whatever is that. Hunting in Park, California. All these brown kids and black kids and blue kids, black and blue. I see any white kids, Martin, you look at that. I'm not going to. By the way, just to say something, they Latin person, all the illegal should be beaten over the head with that's handled all the way back to the border as for some of us who came over here legally. You know, and what does this have to do with illegal aliens? In other words, they should name it what it is. A day without illegals. That's what I'm going to make. That's the question. Do they float? Let's see. Let's find out. I guess I had on years ago an I'm see. Do they sink or do they float? Throw them in the gulfs. It's a new Roger. This is 516. Jesus. Watch moves and button biking. Oh, right. You're off. Come on. You can't make me never again. Your off limits to my shakily mirror. And that said the record visual by choice. It was of course I think I own the voice. Oh my God, it's the do. I put a stop for the noise. The more toy I add in you and you're on a board. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Up and down inside and ask you better get your mids. Drop the march and dice now. Don't worry. You think it's so cool. Take off and take a dance. I can't even say. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. I got slip no loaves and my virginity's lost. I give me back high baggy blue. Show it's why you. I'll show you who's the voice. Let's get back to the sink. I can say to you your sport. Will you do your work? I'll do my work. Play around. Play around. There's my own way. Play around. Play around. Playing around. Play around. 20701, speaking of Gildi, he'll be on. One and two, from the end of the center, two to four of the second, and we've been following Slot. We've all been in Slot. No comment. Okay. And then we've got to go this for the Med Dog for the seven, also at the end of the center. And that's all leading up for the big Panther Ranger game, Panther Preview with seven, with Jesse Agler and Horatio Elger, and the Panthers of Rangers 730, followed by Tom Jika for ADK. Great Tom Jika. Oh, god. What a quizling. Floridians to vote in 2008 on Banning Same Sex Merages. Aren't you excited about that? Florida. Plums did it when emotional civil rights badly. The state of Florida Supreme Court agreed to allow a state constitutional ban on same sex marriage to go on the 2008 ballot. You know why that's bad news? Why? Because that's going to bring out in 2008, which is the president of the world. All the right wing and the social conservatives and far-bizzen right wingers will come out. To vote. See that? I say it. All right. Makers must still collect tens of thousands more signatures to get on a ballot, but they will. The insist that with two years to collect the petition to the state Supreme Court clearance out of the way, the ban on gay weddings will have a little trouble going to voters in 2008. Sponsored in some political experts believe that the insuming debate over whether gay's and lesbian's can legally win a Florida-maternout large numbers of social conservatives and Republicans far-bizzen to vote on the same ballot, and which still decided a crucial presidential election. We've seen every state with a marriage amendment like this on the ballot that the people get it and understand the threat and emotivates them to come out and vote. Said Orlando Attorney John Stemberger, chairman of the flotiformarage.org group seeking the game, or they see the threat. Oh, yeah. And emotivates them to come out. The bigotry and intolerances stupidity that motivates them to come out. John voters passed same-sex marriage bans in 12 states in 2004. Some political analysts say the initiative is subbed by voter turnout among religious conservatives and health president Bush would embellish around state's as Ohio. Although I think them dived old machines had a bigger role in helping. A big helping. The Republican Party of Florida is for at least 200 grand this year toward the Florida for Marriage Campaign. Backers had hope to get the issue in the 2006 ballot when voters will pick a governor and they're noes and they're, but fell short of the necessary signature measures when you should take a nasty to the theory shival battle. Chew over land of like the students at Hurricane Relief, ever said Bill Stevens, executive director of the Far Best in Christian Coalition of Florida. The Christian Coalition. Floors among more than 40 states with existing legislation barring same-sex marriage, the proposed amendment defines marriage reality. Oh, the proposed amendment says, marriage of one man and one woman. But it also semester provision in the state constitution and bars legal recognition of anything treated as marriage or the substantially equivalent thereof. The attorneys for the ACL do another's of our good at the proposed language for threatened domestic partner benefits already allowed in Florida for gay couples. And the Christian coalition says, hubm in dread. That's what they said in the Taiwanese. I said, or Taiwan on. How's that self? Meanwhile, this is kind of flies in the face of the public because public acceptance of almost sexuality according to the Pew Research Center is upholding. Public acceptance of almost sexuality is increased in a number of ways in recent years that remains a deeply divisive issue. Half of Americans, 51% continue to oppose legalized game rates. The Disney number declines significantly from 63% in February 2004 when opposition spike following the Massachusetts Supreme Court decision and remained high throughout the 2004 election season. Opposition to gay marriages fall on across the board would substantially cleanse even among Republicans. Wow. These are among the results of the latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People in the Press to conduct at March 8th to 12th. The poll also finds us opposition to gay serving openly in the military and a greater public willingness to allow gay to adopt children. Pretty soon they might even let the gay's breathe the fresh air. Now that we let a few blacks do it, not too many though. A 60% enjoyed in our favors allowing gay's lesbian to serve openly in the military up from 52% 94 and 46% of our gay adoption up from 38% in 1990. Despite the fact that gay marriage initiatives are on a ballot in seven states this year, including Florida, well, under trying to get offered 2008. The atmosphere surrounded the issue of gay marriages cooled off and public intensity is dissipated compared with two years ago. Strong opposition to gay marriage which surged in 2004 has been able to a new low. This is especially the case among seniors, Catholics and not evangelical Protestants. Among people aged 65 and over for example, strong opposition to gay marriage jump from 36% in 2003 to 58% in 2004 but it's fallen to 33% today. It fell back. White evangelical Protestants are the only major group in which a majority still strongly opposed to gay marriage but even hear the intensity of feeling is receded somewhat. They're for abyssonism, it has no suit, just a wee bit. They're exciting. They're really just nut cases. Yeah. Isn't that what the world is fighting in anti-American media in the Democratic Party? Pardon don't have the balls to come out and sit. Right? If I think religious crazy people, that's what it's all about. Even if you believe they're version of 9-11 and all this alchighted crap, even if you take every word at face value, that's what we're fighting. Mm-hmm. That's what all these them, only the ragheads, not our religious fanatics. Oh no, they're good. Our religious fanaticism is excellent. There is the evil. That's bad. They're the evil doers. Which I thought was some of you drank. Mm-hmm. Some terrorists and Kabul Afghanistan are demanding that that Afghan men on trail for converting from Islam to Christianity be executed. Wait to hear this. Warning that if the government comes into Western pressure and freeze him, they will inside people to pull him into pieces. These are the civilized people that were working very feversly, that were sacrificing our young people to defend Iraq and Afghanistan. Such as savages. In the unusual move, Condor Leezer telephone person at Karzai yesterday seeking a favorable resolution on the case of Abdul Rothman. It's taken a personal interest, just like Mr. Jensen took a personal interest in Howard Beale. Remember that? Try to visit sleep already. The 41 year old former mentally worker faces the death penalty on the Afghanistan since Islam was closed for becoming a Christian for Christ's sakes. His trial has fired passions in this conservative Muslim nation and highlighted a conflict of values being way Afghanistan and its Western backers. As it lets take him back into the dark ages, they'll excuse me they already are there. Rejecting Islam is insulting God. We won't allow God to be humiliated. It is the force that those cartoons, I think. This man must die, to cleric Abdul Roth, who is considered a moderate. At which jailed three times for opposing the Taliban before the hardline regime was after the 2001. The trial which began last week has caused an international outcry. George W. said he's deeply troubled by the case, expect Afghanistan to honor universal principle of freedom. What's even a start on ring if that's the question? You jackass, you goofball. Rice spokesman Sean McCormick said she told Karzai it's important for the Afghan people to know that freedom of religion is observed in their country. There it is. Not just like in this country. Not South Carolina's group when we come a Christian state all over Kansas. The anti-evolutionary state course, you know it's in Kansas. It's a proper because they haven't evolved. That's right. They're still in the Stone Age. Keep in mind, Bob Dull is from Kansas and he's the spokesman for a Viagra. For a director, people before and later in judicial proceeding their own country was unusual. But in difference to the country's sovereignty, rice evidently did not demand specifically to the trial be halted into the defendant released. This is certainly an Afghan decision and we don't want to hound them, she said. Ooh, that was bad. German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters she received the sure insist from Karzai and telephone call that Rostman would not be sentenced to that. Though this tick him to pieces, the Paul this finger nails an eyelids, they'll get the shop around in the sevac. They'll arandame back in. They're going to have to say the Afghan, or maybe they'll get the what's his name. What's the taunt on McCoup? Is that what they got in the Haiti? Oh, that's right. The taunt on McCoup. They know how to, they know torture really. They be the abugar. Right. Diplomative said the Afghan government is searching for a way to drop the case on Wednesday. The authorities said Rostman suspected they mentally ill. Well, he's a Christian, isn't he? Converted. Right. He's a drug-to-growth psychological exam to see whether he's fit to stay in trial. But three Sunni preachers in the shea won't interview by the APN for a cobbels most popular mosques. So they don't believe Rostman's insane. The man behind the mosque. Is that Zoro? Or was that what's that guy that movie you saw? V for Vendetta. V for Vendetta. He's not crazy when from the media and confessing Christians said, how madula she pleaded for again, haji yek the akho mosque. Huh? The government is scared of the international community, but the people will kill him if he's freed. Raulf was a member of the country's main Islamic organization, the Afghan ulama council concurred. The government has planned games that people will not be fooled. Cut off his head if slain, send the court yard outside the roti mosque, or for his head. Yeah, off with his head, we'll call on the people to pull him into pieces so there's nothing left. He said the only way for Rostman to survive would be from to go into exile. Send me the French reviewer with Osama. This is nearly Russian to your face. This is a piece of formats Sickie QVr. Scri'd a he your best отлич pulled in your face that's been suggestful for Not a value, like your guys and not wealth that goes everywhere. We're going to be a good day. But you know we gotta do it. We just have to go there. Yeah. Who drives the hatch with sound? It's a teleband. Raccoon. Hey, girls, we don't hear how it's meant to teleband. Ah! It's teleband. We're going to be a good night. We're going to play with the hatch. Who's the hatch with the hatch? Who's the hatch with the hatch? Who's the hatch with the hatch? Who's the hatch with the hatch? Who's the hatch with the hatch? I suppose I'll get you out. I remember when I told you about it. Who's the new species? You can't even get together, man. Ah! As above, bright, beautifully present. It's a teleband. Ah! You're so far from the teleband. We're the down to the sand. Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Well, 47, we eliminated. We have visited the teleband. All of a sudden it may come back. Just like the Phoenix rising from the ashes. Yeah, we lost the business spot. Because the ashes are manned. No, we didn't miss no spots. We have to spot on. Including the more we're timing made for ourselves. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, if let's take a sweep of call here. What do you say? Because they got to do it. You'll be stuffed. Don't know. Sweep it call. Strike while they earn his time. WQAM, hello. Hey, can you put the beast on the pole? She's high. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have two for your pole. One is Oprah. Yeah, okay. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, if let's take a look. I don't want to hear that. Then after that start, I have so long time for a lot of people. Okay. When I'm advertising, five that is. Good guy. I'll see the board and call. Same person. WQAM, hello. I'm the Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Happy Friday, sir. Back to you. Happy for him. I want to chime in on the Josh's comment about Barry Bond being the baseball player. All time, I'm really disagree with that. First, I mean, people are each have no respect for players in the past. Look at me, Ruth. Even even Bruce Robinson, I mean, is so much so many. Since you could name 50 players, but in Barry Bond's. And I'm going to go one quick comment. Who do I call on 560 in the crisis department about a missing piece I have for lunch? Hmm. There's an old saying, quote, while you were ahead, he wasn't way ahead, but he was like, I don't know if I have to learn. I've left too much already today. Oh boy. Yeah, you're right. Let's take that one home. WQAM, hello. QAM. You can do it. I take that back. You can't do it. WQAM, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay. Hey, this song, Bruce, thing. Is that he ever do anything? Make your fakeies game? I mean, I don't care for the guy at all, but I don't know what he's really done to. Well, I don't know what he's done because I'm not really all interested, but it's widely, it's widely speculated and been for a long time. When a guy keeps holding press conferences for, you know, announcing the world that he's not gay, it raises a few eyebrows. It makes you wonder, you know? I mean, more than 100% people, but there's celebrities who don't hold press conferences to keep saying, oh, I'm not gay. You believe me. I'm not gay. I'm going to sue you. You know, let's stuff like that. What time's Georgia's press conference? No. What are you saying? I'm not a guy. He's gloomy with the hip. I'm pretty sure, by the way, Nicole Kidman wanted to have a kid with him, and he didn't want one. Right. Well, she kept complaining that he wasn't coming home and that he kept going out spending time with the boys. I don't know what that meant. Oh, yeah. It's no doubt. No doubt. In anyone's mind. I mean, for, yeah, and that's why it's openly talked about now, even on CNN, they ran that thing about the time cruising the cloud episode. I mean, everybody knows it. So, why not just come out now and stuff around these phony, you know, it's in a cold kidman. It's Katie Holmes. It's a Sherlock Holmes. It's Katie Corre. Correverd hell. It is the selected Scientologist to slave of the week. Cut the crap. Nobody's buying it, Tommy. Nobody's buying it. You're fair. Who cares? You're right. He's annoying. I wouldn't watch him move with him in. If you paid me by the second. And here's the story. I really want to get to this. This is exactly where it's at. Yeah. This is from the West of Lee's son in West of Lee Rhode Island. I never heard of West of Lee Rhode Island. But it's in Rhode Island. So how big can it be, right? Right. It's all. Rhode Island education officials have banned from public schools. They federally funded absence for a remnant civil rights advocate said embraced sexist stereotypes and included a voluntary student and health survey that violated privacy laws. Lawyers, if they Rhode Island authority of the ACU first complained last year that he now abandoned text of refused by heritage of Rhode Island taught students that girls should were clothing that doesn't invite lustful thoughts from boys. Maybe a broker would be great to disagree with that logic. The book's described men as strong and courageous while women were called caring. Week. A speaker running a company strong in caring. Men, courageous. A speaker running a company video tapes in absence helped him honor my relationship with Jesus. Although hurt as officials said the tape wasn't used in public schools. Actions helped him honor his relationship with Jesus. I didn't really had a relationship with Jesus. And of course, who would want to do a guy like that anyway? Would it awful outfit and a sandals on? To which? The curriculum had these incredible sexist viewpoints about men and women and boys and girls that seemed to come out of the scene. The book's described as a 19th century said Stephen Brown executive director Rhode Island's ACU. Authorities of the private health education firm said they stopped using the disputed materials a year ago. The issues they're asking about are old dead stuff said Chris Plant. I wonder if he's kind of a job plant. Executive director of the Heritage of Rhode Island. He said he plans to meet the spring with state education officials to work on a mutually acceptable curriculum. To measure the heritage programs affected by students that also have been asked to complete a voluntary survey and class that included questions about their essential history. The survey students provide their birthdays and the first letter of their first name. This is a hint. How about his officials used information from the survey? Maybe the Catholic Church is going to start picking up an idea from that, you know? Uh huh. Ever have dreams about the Diddle in the priest, the father? No. He heard his officials use information from the surveys to track changes in student opinion before during an after classes. We only used the survey anymore because we thought the concerns of the ACU were valid. Plant said a job plant. Or is that Roger Plant? The complaint from ACU is part of a national effort to monitor the curriculum of federally funded abstinence programs and February the federal government agreed to stop funding one abstinence initiative because it allegedly used tax money for religious purposes. What are how Robert Campbell the professor is doing? Probably dead. Robert Campbell. Who? Heritage of Rhode Island had a three year grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that provides over 400 grand annually to parliament spokesman said the group has presented to the curriculum more than 600 public school students in Providence, Park Tucket and Woon Socket. Oh God. There's nothing like a Woon in Socket. Pock Tucket's top school official complaint that he was duped by her to the officials in Health and the program even before apparently ACU. We really don't propagate any religious opinion in this school system. I think basically that's what they're trying to do here. That's what they were trying to do here. Pock Tucket's school system for none. Hans Delete said. Whatever his name is. Hans. In your ponds. In letter issued last week education went to commissioner Peter McWalders said the heritage class is whenever approved by state authorities. He announced his office would review the health and age curriculum of every school in the state. They need guidance. That's the real issue he said. Plants said his instructors work with public school teachers and write a clear and unapologetic message backing. Sexual, sexual accidents. The textbook that Earth ACU officials came with curriculum materials purchased from a South Carolina group. Plants said he dropped the book after a parent complaint. Out of the box from South Carolina. Things just don't translate here. Plants said. We realized this is going to take a whole working over. But it was a good place to start. Yeah. Nothing can be fine. Then the throw away books from Carolinas. Because we know where that. The drift of that. And they're saying we know that drift. But you knew the new sales manager got a quiz. So what's the name? Jones. I wonder if he's from Bive. He knows from Bob Jones University. He sounded kind like that. He's from Raleigh. Remember? Orange and Raleigh. No, Raleigh. But we're really heavy. Effective. I think it's a phony accent. It's probably from the New World. Trust me. 9662 votes will have that thousand before Josh can be tracked as comments about very bond. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5662. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. It's a good. Wasn't right. Turning his back on Katrina that tight. The pushing us to the left and right again. All the buzzers. The longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer and longer the regardless까요 the longer the longer the longer run on the longer the longer the longer the longer the longer time to much the longer vendor than that if the longer back it gives a little less to cover the longer the longer the longer a little longer the longer enough is a longer the longer the healthy process really isopod not only that I guess the only피 and have a You can eat his eat. Is he mobile? Does he walk? Yeah, he walks. He walks and talks. And talks, you got like a wind up thing on the back. I wind up what? I like a switch. I don't know. I like it like an alarm clock. Yeah. It's amazing to me. All this stuff is going down. And I'm sure that Greg is running around there with his schmitty and grinning. I was like, I hear a few guys with the real mess. You try to clean this up now. That's why he's running around, you know. Like he swallowed a cat. When we the first time in the aftermath of the do-five ports dispute the Bush administration is having a Hong Kong conglomerate to help detect nuclear materials inside cargo passing through the Bahamas of the US and elsewhere. A Hong Kong conglomerate. Communists that come and ask, do I wonder how your people are. So how in China they are with the Bush mice or what do you think? Not a lot lately. You know the whole immigration policy, what foot, guys? That means the foot drive will wedge back. I think the foot drive back. Yeah. Is that what it is? California. I think that's what is all over the southwest Texas. Right. Arizona, New Mexico. Let's back drive back. Let that go back. And, Chris, they got in all the tunnels, you know, dug out there. Wouldn't be something if one of them actually did go to China though, would be good. Yeah, they'd be better. The administration acknowledges the, you know, they already overcrowded over there. In fact, we need to send some of the, most of the Chinese aren't there anymore. They're here. Oh, and probably in Vancouver. And San Francisco and LA. All the people from Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, and China are on the west coast of the US and Canada and here in Toronto. 80 million of them here. The administration acknowledges the no-bid contract with Hutchison Manpola Limit Limited, Manpola. Representatives the first time a foreign company will be involved in running a sophisticated US radiation detector and overseas port without American customs agent presence. Ah-ha. Free port in the Bahamas of 65 miles from the US coast where cargo would likely be inspected again, the contract is currently being finalized. The administration is negotiating a second no-bid contract for a Filipino company to install radiation detectors in its home country according to documents obtained by the ANP. It doesn't bother overseas ports for increments or primarily responsible for scanning cargo. President Bush recently made sure Congress that foreigners would not manage security US ports. The Hutchison deal in the Bahamas illustrates how the administration is relying on foreign companies that overseas ports to safeguard cargo headed to the USA. Hutchison, bomb poids of words are, of course, pretty soon we're going to be eight none of the Chinese's hand. You do understand that, don't you? Begging for rice with the bowl. They got all our loans, man. Without the Chinese, we'd be bankrupt. Hutchison, among poids, the world's largest ports operated among the industry's most respective companies. It was an early adopter of US anti-terror measures, but it's billionaire Chairman, Li-Kah-Shin, Kshing, like the sound of a cash register leak, Kshing, also as substantial business ties to Chinese government that have raised US concerns over the years. That's the one. Kshing, kind of like that sound Tommy A. That's cocky for an approval. That Raspberry sound. Whoah-ha. Li-Kah-Shing is pretty close to a lot of senior leaders of the Chinese government and the Chinese government as party said, Larry M. Wartsil, head to the US government commission that studies Chinese security and economic issues. The Wartsil said Hutchison's efforts independently from Beijing, and he described Li as a very legitimate international businessman. One can conceive legitimate security concerns and would hope either the Homeland Security Department or the Intelligence Service of the US were very hard to satisfy those concerns Wartsil said. All confidence is high. Yeah, somebody's high. Three years ago, the Bush administration effectively blocked the Hutchison's subsidiary for buying part of a bankrupt US telecommunications company, global crossings, unnatural security grounds. And US military intelligence report once marked secret said in Hutchison's in the 99 as a potential risk for smuggling arms and other prohibited materials in the US from the Bahamas mine. But now they're good guys. Hutchison's poor operations in the Bahamas in Panama could provide a conduit for illegal shipments of technology or for heavy-ded items from the West to the PRC. People's Republic of China, or facilitate the movement of arms and other prohibited items into the Americas, they now declassified assessment says. The CIA currently has no security concerns about Hutchison's poor operations, and the administration believes the pending deal with the foreign company would be safe. Yeah, take it somewhere like Louie's in the Bronx where we'll be safe. We can hide that gun back in the old Poltchain toilet, like Tessio said. Remember when he goes in there and he reaches behind that thing, he goes right back. They really hit it with so well, he almost didn't find it. Michael, right? Remember that? I didn't around back there holy, moly. And then that hole in McClusky said that was a beauty. Nice. And you kind of turned sideways. He was a human at the wheel was the best in the city. And that cheap wine he was drinking. That's right. What could say that was his last deal? That grandma Boone. Where's today's women? Would you most like to see naked who you haven't seen naked already? This pull first taken July 2001, obviously in the summertime when Jordan was on, because why would an old queen like me take a pull about naked woman? I wouldn't. I did today though. Right. And we're doing well. We got 980 to 0. See, to 82. Oh, before next few minutes we'll be over the 1000 martyred Josh, even very bonds don't bet a thousand. He will with all those roads. And who was it? Was it a Raphael Parmer right there? There's something he's got. And like, oh, it was Jason Jambi who all of a sudden showed up for you so much less. Somebody's got to say. He said he stopped eating fast food. Right. Yeah, that must have been it. He's slow food. Right. He probably saw that movie bad movie, by the way. What's the bad movie? The fast food neighbor. Oh, yeah. Bad movie. Yeah. Don't wait. Did you see I saw a little bit of it. Yeah, it's a little bit more than a fuck. It was sucks. I mean, like, like, it's like it's a surprise. I talk about overkill. Like, like, anybody wouldn't know even a moron would know a child would know that if he keep eating nothing exclusively, but junk food, you're going to get sick. Okay. She's talk about, let me say it again, man. That feeling feels positive. You better get some. Okay. I'm telling you. How's Troy doing with that? We're going to get them on the air. Not that. And that's not the purpose of my, why we have it on the air. I'm talking about it because it's to me. I'm trying to get a fantastic discovery. And it's clean off the shelves. There are publics. It's got it. Or at least they had it until the audience cleaned them out. See, that should be a real instead of our self-department running around saying, Oh, gee, we just can't get any results on this. So, the station for any state of that kind of defeat is negative stupid to incorrect the attitude back there. That's that there are skew smakers. They're not salespeople. They're a skew smakers. And double talkers like the Duff Meister. You know, Duff. What are you going to do about it? You're fair. Yeah. One day he's telling me this and boy, you're doing such a great job. Oh, my God. I mean, you heard it. You heard it right from the horses' ass. I thought, man, it's got to surprising. I mean, that's fast. You know, we're like kicking ass. And then all of a sudden, well, you know, not too many people are mentioning you. Yeah, right. Make up your mind, Duffie. Okay. You silly person. You silly goose. God. I don't want to give him the cry though. But as all those kids in California, that's stormed out. And good force. So they're really afternoon. What we know is that as many as one thing a bunch of beners to many. I mean, I think we're going to see. I think we're going to see. We'll have world out of classes. What's going on in this NBC, when we have put it a report to be released Monday, it's breaking news. So we're going to report this. What does that agree? So we're out of the country because of the, you know, she's out of the, we know. No. A man trying to convert to Christianity being put up for the death penalty. At least on Monday. The other part of this is that diplomatic history is that it says that. I'm not going to have a choice. Well, then proposed that nine nominees to the Afghan Supreme Court once they are confirmed by his Parliament, which might take a month or more. The day then take up this issue of the conflict between freedom of religion, guaranteed in the U.S. Afghan Constitution, which America helped right. And of course Islamic law, which is also enshrined in that constitution. I understand, Andrea, the main base of the. And Rachel, she's married to a Al-Nigrin Span spun. That this man is not mentally competent to stand trial. Does that seem to be the case or is it a way for them to sort of say space? We don't know whether that is the case. It is a way to say space, but county rights are. If he converted to Christianity, do we have to answer the question? Oh, not fly. But you could not say that someone is crazy because he wants to become a Christian. I'm sure you can. Sorry, Andrew. Okay. Here, get back to the pool. So there is going to be released on Monday. But I tell you, we are on top of it and voted. They really scoop a CNN. Too bad nobody watches MSNBC. I don't know what that is. I'm looking for a husband or a husband. Flip in. We got a little right here on radio, man. It was so newsy. It's disgusting. You want to know what's going on in the world? This is where you find it. Many nights have been watching NBC News. I feel like, did I repay my show? You know what I'm talking about? Oh, there's that cure of fills. Oh, another reason I talk to CNN. I'm going back to MSNBC. I'd rather see Andrew Mitchell even though she's very scrawing and pasty look. A lot of makeup on today. Can you imagine her in the sac with Alan. Oh, what a horrible call. I can't imagine anything with. I know. Even a watermelon in the sac with Alan Greenspan. Which of these women would you like to see naked that nobody haven't seen before? I won't say nobody's seen him. Look at the battle we got. Jessica Simpson. The top two weren't even in the running last. And they weren't on the pool back in July. Two thousand one. And five years later, how the things have changed. They got a lot of attention. How the movies have shifted. Jessica Simpson 80. Jessica Alba. 76. Barbara and Jenna Boyd president saw her still holding on a solid third. 64. Just like we're in just where they were. I guess they're comfortable. I guess they're comfortable. Jennifer loved you at 57 even fostered who it looked better. And she was secure a 48. She's right, mousey. She's an I a twin 37. Dolly part and 37. We're going to have a partner ways on that when you're saying. That's more than she had the whole first time. Yeah. The first time we're 20. Yeah. And all of a sudden they're the while they're into a big. They're going to huge. You just in. I got a feeling that we don't want to. Beyonce knows. Look at us. The men who could be Pope talking about. We're going to talk about the very ones and baseball. There's the same with his cardinals. A nice eight year. By the way, look at that. Smata. Well, then girls and dreadful. What a lovely red hat. On earth. Father Thomas Williams. Hey, father. Anyway. You can say. We do stop picking on him. I'm pretty. No. And according to who you're 33. Heather Lockler's got. What? Heather's got. But third man. He said that. Sad Robo lock. Also got 30. Christian. Christian. I want to keep saying. Christian. It's a Christian. Krueger. That cross-eyed bitch on Channel 10. And Christian. Oh. Go. Okay. Gay male 25. Two and a half percent. The gay guys are laying out on this. They don't want to be dragged into it. Jennifer Aniston, Amiston, 25. Barbara Eden, 24. A lot of guys still dream of a genie. Me too. She shows up every Tuesday. And still surface clean. Faith Hills, 23. Not on a heterosexual female, 21. Jessica, Bill, 21. She's mad as hell. Because I said she wasn't like great. Me as she is. Daisy, 21. Mariah Carey, 21. How about Andy Carey of the Yankees? What's your judge never heard of Andy Carey? Three days. I'll bet you're right. You better learn your baseball, Mr. Cause you sure don't know it. Sophia. Sorry. That was a red bear. That was a red bear. I'm nervous about these sounds. I'm hearing from down there. I can smell that one. Yeah. Holy. Moli. Must have been that pizza. So, fear for Garrett, 21. That's down from 131 to 5 years ago. Brittany is falling on it, man. Oh, holy. Moli. She's falling on a hard time. He's been fed her line. Hmm. I think she needs to be flat lined. Micky, cost 21. I hate this tool 20. See, they don't hate this tool. I like it. Cerma, she'll get a killer. 19. Jerry Ryan, he'll be 17. What about Linda Blair? She's old. Christina Applegate. Well, they could have a lot to. Oh. Tiffany Amber, Amber Thesen, 12. Do we leave somebody very obvious off this poll? Uh, I don't know. Oh, yeah. A little bit coming up. Cindy Margo was nine. From monster. Not monster's ball. From monster. What the hell's her name? Charlize Steron. Very, very naked. We've seen her naked. Oh, yeah. When you see that, her first movie, two days in the valley. Very, very naked. And we put naked pictures. I saw him naked naked naked. One movie. I forget who he's in. Remember that one picture we put behind the beauty. There's a great deal. I'm not really all I've crazy about seeing naked guys. Famous naked guys. And that's just, there's a whole different thing. Probably. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. No, no, that's not what I'm talking about. It's just, uh, it just leaves you kind of limp. Yeah, I know. Uh, where are we? You sure we off for course here. Jerry Ryan 17, Christina Applegate 12, Tiffany Amber Thesen 12. We did these. Cindy Margoless 9. We don't know right or a 9. Julia Roberts 9. Melissa Joan Hartz got 7. Martina Hingus 7. You have to be unhinged. You want to see Martina Hingus? Well, these guys are watching tennis just to see the acute chicks. They sweat. Um, it would be like me watching Andy Roddick. Martina Hingus 7. Hillary Duff 6. Christina Aguilar 6. Tara Banks 6. Stanley Banks 8 on here yet. Lindsey Lohan 5. Gwen Stefani 5. TLLiori Leonie 5. TLLionie. Sandra some kind of a tag in dessert. See. Kristie Rinkley 5. Adriana Lima 4. Vivica Fox 4. Michael Zay Fox 8 on here. He's shaking it. Tony Brachton 4. Elizabeth Filarcey from Survivor 4. Jennifer Gardner 3. See the guy said put around her. We did three votes. Not so great. Need Campbell 3. I'll lose to be on her all week long free to produce it. How many large larger. Larda S3. Fuel Zayaz 9 3. I still let's say that's a guy's name. Jenna Jenny Garth 2. Rebecca Gayhart 1. Lauren Holly 1. And Bridget Wilson has got one. And we got a thousand nine votes by the way. Just mentioned that in passing. Father paranoia. I eat. You know, you can't tell me. I think it's a great movie. Man. Anybody don't like the exercise. You guys are telling me it's a comedy. Well, I understand, you know, in retrospect. But that's right. And regardless of what you say. The spirit of Christ compels you to tell it like it is. I'm actually Josh like the exercise is better than network. Very different. Totally different. Capture weight. It did. Absolutely. And. According to a recent survey Americans keep their mattresses for 10.2 years. It's like keeping your car for 100,000 miles. How much you're raken with changing your mattress. A few hours there in the exercise. You're going to get puking on it. Oh, that rake. Yeah. If your mattress is 5 to 10 years old is probably not performing like it once did. Probably Ronnie too. He need to call 1 800 mattress. The number for our friends at Battle mattress. Right. Number one for customer satisfaction. No risk. Here's the way it works. Order a mattress from the expert bed and consults at Battle mattress. Try it out. If you don't like it, call him back 1 800 mattress. They'll replace it to your total satisfaction. Can you get what you want? Once you buy from 1 800 mattress. You'll never go back to a showroom again. It's so easy. Just make that call. I've been doing for a long time 1 800 mattress. Pick out the two. I wonder that you want them to show up at your house and they will. Like, noon to two, 1 to three, 2 to four, 5 to 7 etc. They'll take away that crappy old soil vetting and you're on your way to a great night's sleep for years to come. When you call out to a mattress, no nonsense. No run around. No overpricing. No showroom. Shenanigans. No off-brands. Just factory direct price on the best brands. You know when pressed in love. Like, see, we serve the Simmons Kingcroll tempered experience and fostered you it. And right now, Donald McFerry's no payments or interest for 12 months. So what could possibly be not to like? 1 800 mattress right now or log onto their website, mattress.com. For the best of you, you've had an a long, long time. 1 800, NATT, R, E, S, Leigh, ValkylS. It's because it stands for sensational, stupidest saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16. Oh, baby, how many of you are there? Hey, what do you believe? To be having a blooper, do you? We are having a say, look, camera. We are taking three of our many flavors. Well, with a break that is not easy to do. We are taking taking taking taking a... Okay, tell me what you think. You must get back to your business. I don't think anything. Yes, we're going to win the bags. You don't even need to make them smell so bad. And you can smell a good food. Actually, I'm like, don't but we don't have a drink out of the way. We're like, you're a fool, man. And it's so bad. We're gonna think. I think so, but my feeling is my taste. LOL If you don't squeeze me, dad. Right, auntie, I've got my egg right man! Beton. Pied on and beat and beat. I'm trying to write now or I'm here of street that they got better for it. But it's kind of dry there in the district I guess. Here's what I says. How about the Olson twins together for the full list of course in out of legal age? Get out of here not illegal age. My ass. No that isn't. How old are the Olson twins? Certainly illegal age. Now looking. Oh, how about Johnny Olson? What year would they have had to have been born in this to math? To be illegal age? Yes. Uh, 6 and 12 is 88. 86. I see their illegal age at 12. How hard is that to be about? If 86 and 2000, 6, I mean, Jesus, even my little daughter would know that's 20 years for Christ's sake. Well, he might, but I don't. Oh, God. You're a math quizling. There you go. And anyway, so they're 20 and what about them? You want to put them on your, or a second? The guy wants, he can have them. I mean, you can have them both. If you wish them together, they're almost one person. Ha ha ha. I still think Johnny Olson and Rod Roddy. Rod Roddy. He was about eight people. That's why he's dead. I want to say that. I hope not. Oh, brother. Maybe there's where still we're in some of them fancy shiny Taiwanese suits used to buy. Did you buy it? Russ Cancer. Not Taiwanese is a Thailand. Yeah, he's made a fact that I think he did. Well, then maybe he had Obe's a nice pair of yeah. A rise pair and you see what we do with Thailand all the time to buy the silk suits and also buy whatever I'll suit it this fancy. Yeah, I say that I won't. I won't. Hey Rod, you're fair. That's what Joey Reynolds told me anyway. Can't take too many other things. Joey Reynolds ever told me that we're useful information, but not that I cared about that. Come on down. Oh, anyway, as the bread blog, there's some of the blog, so you got some good information and raw story picks up some of that stuff. I like raw story. Brad blog.com as they broke on Wednesday. A lawsuit was filed yesterday in San Francisco Superior Court. The man in California Secretary stayed Bruce Lee first and followed a state in federal law. In regard to his recent researchification of Bible voting machines in the state, their bad machines, man. McPherson is named along with 18 California County Registraris as defendants in the suit which calls for a ban on the use of new and new purchase of Bible voting machines in the state. Sue was filed by voter action.org on behalf of 25 California voter-sized plaintiffs. Rod is originally reported on a story as the Diabol Inc. suit over California voting system. They had lines in fact incorrect. They've now raised a story with the more accurate headline California suit over Diabol voting systems. The lawsuit against the old, we imagine we'll come later after California's rate of women had been screwed by the company and they tried to recover the millions they've lost in betting on the wrong house. Overroaches the nonprofit organization who brought the actions that led to both the deservication of Bible in California 2004 and more recently, the ban on the purchase of Sequoia voting machines in New Mexico which led to a new law on the state requiring a paper ballot for every vote case. You go in New Mexico, man. Get rid of that old machines and vast machines that they can fix so easily and there's no doubt that they did. See, they still, at least one thing I'll say to the creative, they knew they couldn't steal the 2004 election. The same way did the 2001. Yeah. So they did it by, by Reagan machines in various states, you know. Well, that's all they do. That's all they do is scheme. You know, the rest of us are busy working. Right. That's basically the only thing that just people and a compassionate conservatism, much more decent than all of us, so liberal, liberal, come, you can go perverts, right. That's why most of them are going to jail. Yeah. I was talking to them coming back last night after I walked that storm, I thought that door and yell. I don't care. Who you are? Yeah. It's just cost me $6,000. So anyway, I said to the raghead camera, where he started to ask me about the stock market. And I said, you know, it's amazing to me that people who were like in Ryan, some of these other phony baloney stocks in the tech crash, you know. And I still say that people would see NBC all belonging in jail on death row, including YouTube, Ted David on death row. Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy. And then they were the ones that were proponed to something they were loving it, because their ratings were going through the roof there. The peacock was, you know, fluffed out of his feathers. Everybody in their brother with the gay traders and the day traders and all another crap member of that. Yeah. And everybody found a plusing their ass. Most people did because it was all a tie in the sky. It was all BS. There was no new economy. A lot of these companies have barely even existed. And it can't like coosin them up and goosin them up all these wild prices. Like ass jeez, you got any of that? So I'm really surprised that some people didn't like seek out some of these corporate in types and kill them, you know. Like say like Kenny Boyle and some of these other corporate crooks. I'm just amazed. Because you know, you work all your life and then some of these screws you out of your life savings. And that's not just like OG too bad, like fitting on a wrong horse like that. So I said, that's like man, I was just led down the garden path and blew my whole retirement money. That worked for like 40 years for stuff like that. All of these. All of these things. And again, American just like that story about this difference between protests against this war now in the protests in the 60s. America has become so passive man, just like Diana said network, you know. They've shot out. They've eftam cells limp and how they don't know what they know. They're pissed off. And they don't know what to do about it. They need somebody to articulate the popular rage. They're great movie and this clown here. I just, you know, the very bonst thing, that's your opinion. You can argue that one way or the other way. I was mad at that. And I was mad at that. I was mad at that. Oh, just for the help of it. I'll take my chances with this. Otherwise, I have my doubts because IMDB is hidden missed. Exactly. What? We all know what the DB stands for at IMDB, even though we can't sit on the air at Joyce in the, we can say the word separately. For example, I could say, doosh right now. And then about 30 seconds later, I could say, oh, it's in the bag, see? OK, here's network. Type it in. Type it in. Thank you, Mr. President of Florida's Lord Gansk Prize and thank you, Al Gore, for inviting the Internet. Network 1976 is said, oh, this is the one that Josh Court has called a sleep during. How many stars did they give it? 7.9 out of 10. Almost an eight. 2.9. 9. What would you give it to? It's honest though, answer. How to turn? Yeah. 7. You know, I never really did like you, you know? All right, I do. 7.9 out of 10. And that's an IMDB, which is all over the place. How, how do you say that? It's just that was your, on the, on the, what was the movie that you gave an eight or you, that took me so long to watch City of Angels? City of God. City of God. I'm not a God guy. City of God. Yeah. And you gave that, you said that was, one of the, both of you were were waving. I mean, it was good. It was okay. It was fine. I'm glad I watched it. 1000 through the night on votes, by the way. On the naked chicks. But to say that that movie is better than network. I mean, that's like, they're going to drag you ass away. Is there that, that off my body? There's going to, there's two subjects here. What is entertainment value in the other one is the message? Yeah. No, that was entertaining. That was entertaining. It was entertaining. Just not as entertaining as City of God. What was that, City of God? Why did you always get a place where you've been in the black case? It was in the black case. Ah, if you have been. Right? Because look at the places where you worked. No, no. And look where you are now. Yeah. 27 after one. By the way, Jon, the baker is really kicking ass. We're doing a fabulous job for him. We're excited about it. Because we like Jon and the food a lot. Especially the free food. That's what you guys said. Two Jon, the baker locations. And so we don't have to have stuff. We are acting like a, You're fast. I'll do it again next week. Please go in there this weekend. And be sure and tell them that Neil Rogers sent you by a match of my name. You're going to have dozens of John's Royal Famous Garlic Rolls for free just for happening the Kehoneys to mention that I sent you. John the Baker on Pinesville, Martin Home Depot, Senator Swester Flamingo Road and the brand new John the Baker at the Sterling Town Center on the Corner Sterling and the Pine Allen Road and Cooper City. The list is fresh and technically, he's all your favorites, like sausage and peppers, chicken parmesan, veal parmesan, or is that parmesan as Mr. Eagle would say? Great CD and lasagna. And like I said, the best garlic rolls of size of Kimbo Camper's ass. They are out of this world. And no forget all their fantastic subs like these sloppy sausage subs out of this world. And the pizza is good as anything you'll find in South Florida. Ask anybody who's ever been to John the Baker's though. It is absolutely positive to the best of us to give you huge fresh portions. Nothing's soggy or gooey. Everything is made fresh and no forget. Because the prices are so reasonable you can bring them a whole family. Call ahead for takeout and pepper pines 954. 4 3 1 4 3 15. Even when you call say that the aridious guy told me to call and say who? In Cooper City 954 2 5 2 0 9 1 2 0 9 1 like I said always giant portions always the list is always fresh and always modest prices too. It doesn't get any better than John the Baker. You know forget Tom Neil Center for six. I have it as no the real famous garlic rolls free with your meal. John the Baker. This is Neil Roger. You said this is 5 16 15 18. Well I was at the Newdy Bar the day of my arrest. I was getting less dancers and girls with fake breast. I just wanted to chill. I have a drink and kick back. Watch the blues the tops and choke me the racking up. Kids walk on the gulf off to block when I have too much Sasha better call the cuffs. They're my last ever son of mine. Expo friends I heard that she's with Tommy Lee again. Not good back to him. A point of my 10 is his father. Post a three grand and bail and I was behind bars. You can get him right now. Get him on the hot. My heart and grab my shots. Where show wasn't such a bad boy. The distance in the cage can't bear the shine. I'm boy baby. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a pressure bar. I'm not a bad boy baby. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad boy baby. Keep that up. We're gonna be in trouble. I could be in your freezer of bail safety inspection. No one told me. There's another good reason I have fun with this concert man. Maybe they'll be safe. I'm like the reason I'm a Bronx. Like the Virgil Soluzzo. And what's it man? Captain McCloskey. Oh. So here's the fact. Heather Graham for the pull we put around her. We've seen her naked in many, many times. And also George says, Halle Burrie and Charlie's there on a ball got naked. But they keep passing him out there. We just keep getting excited. But it's the same thing. These are people on this pull. Who haven't been seen naked in a good night. Christ, I'm many. Even I see in Halle's berries in monsters. All's just this morning. Really? Well, I was a raspberry. You're talking about. I was probably trying to tell you how it's very. When surprised me if he's got one. I'm hoping you're going up a two and the two to four revolvings slot. And Curtis, we got nobody on today. We're the only show. And we're getting there. It was no hang this morning. No, well, two to four is no show anyway. No mad dog and no, 80 K. We got Tom Jerka tonight, 10 30. And they liked that. So we're like, we are absolutely rock solid. Well, we did have the big. Oh, really this morning before anybody got up. But he was there. So it only came out. A few left out. 83 for Jessica Simpson. 83 for Jessica Albert came and get any tighter than that. No cute lines now. So I was in 51 votes. Creatures wife confessed to killing. We said, and holding off in this to record. I knew there'd be a resolution. That's right. And it resolved. We thought it would. The wife of a slain Tennessee ministry is confessed to killing. And police said today. Sellmer police said the Alabama. Sellmer is that like. Sellmer Alabama said the Alabama Bureau of. Oh, and in fact, it's summer. Tennessee. The Alabama Bureau of Messages, which is taking part in questioning. Mary Winkler in form police of the confession. Winkler 32. And she's getting a heavy Winkler. Hey Henry. You're brilliant. Faced in charge of first to be murdered for the death of her husband, Matthew Winkler 31. Oh, Miss Mark Potter was on her right now. MSNBC little body who you see her. Nope. She's looking really fay. The body of Matthew Winkler, a popular preacher in the small town of Sellmer was discovered once the end of the family's home. Mary Winkler found later with her children Alabama with a band you wanted to. He was questioned by authorities Thursday night in this moment. Tennessee Bureau of Messages instead of gabbed enough information to charge her after speaking with her and getting searched for several locations. Mary Winkler's now made a public statement. But Matthew Winkler failed to show up for a midweek service of the fourth three church or Christ. Congress went looking for him. They went to the church person and it was where no one answered. When one no one answered, Congress found Winkler dead in the bedroom. It had been shot in the back, but there were no signs of a struggle. We didn't know for more than 20 hours his body was in that home. TBI spoke for Jennifer Johnson said, must have smelled a little game in there. Even with a body of a preacher man. That ain't long enough. After the body was thought of for what he's issued an ancient wine. Amber Alert for the couple's three children Patricia 8 Mary Alice 6 and Brianna 1. Authorities assumed the wife would either be a suspect or a victim. Well that kind of narrow the down. Police at Orange Beach, Alabama nearly 250 miles from Selmer. Spot that he found these minivan. It stopped the Thursday evening assistant. Police to Greg Duck said, hey Greg Duck. That's for Greg Reed. Greg next time we come in building. Duck said the children were very good. Conditioning run away to get something to eat when office is pulled over there. The weather is seen. Investigators have found a evidence that he's made domestic violence. These trained preachers parents have requested custody of the three children who are in the custody of the Alabama authorities. Selmer residents said they were shocked if the preacher's dead. Were you shocked? They've got Mary Winchler. He's always seen me like the perfect mother of the perfect wife. We're very loving children. See those that are at lunch to be very nervous about the ones who seem like the perfect, you know, feeling like she's being real. Like the perfect color. We're very concerned about that. WQAmen might be here. Hello. I got some free of all. Yeah. Yeah. Live top. Live top. I can. They can't use the naked. Oh, she has. I'm sure she's been naked, but have we seen it? Yes. Oh, imagine everybody's been naked. Maybe even the only of births. I've got the performance. Okay. We can't put a monitor. She's been naked. This guy just didn't work. Where can he see it? I'm sure. He was beauty. He's a stealing beauty. And the other grandfacts are facts back. So where he can see Heather Graham naked. How about boogie nights? Full frontal baby. Right. That was on my cable. Just a couple of minutes. It just happens to be good movie to it. And it's only when roller boogie nights standing. Roller girl baby. And why? Yeah. Even for Reynolds is good in that, which is the Santa hell of a lot. That's quite an accomplishment. Hey, Bert. You're fair. One thirty nine. There's another one. Let's see. You've got the Tom. What's the name Tom. You're a delic. I'm talking about people like keep holding press conferences. They're not gay. Tom, Charlotte, Bert Reynolds. Michael Jackson, held about 400 of them. And Tommy Cruz. And Jeremy Volta has done that. Yeah, but I'm sure after the South Park episode. You're fair. Not fooling anybody. Not fooling anybody with an IQ larger than their pinky. Oh, they got it. They're pinky, winky. Feet forward is gone mad. It's madness in March. All this month at beach forward. It just was breaking their all-time record in February. So why not do it this month? They're giving it the best shot. Right. Now I'm standing camp for it. If on 50s, I was always just $249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees. With a pro credit in 39 monthly. Madison Martin Beach Ford means you must be mad. You've got to be crazy not to take advantage of rebates in discounts like these. Up to $10,000 of all new and used vehicles. If you're not in the market for new carbon, nobody was send their ass into beach for and the rest of them too. Because if they take delivery in March, beach for will send you $200 in cash just for sending them by. And because that money comes from their advertising budget, they won't tack it onto your friends price and rip his ass off. Thomas out on this once you're event beach for its madness in March. A standard camp for it. If on 50s low is $249 a month, discounts and rebates up to $10 and $200 for referring your friends. So hurry on in. You'll find beach for it. Look at it just two miles east of the Golden Graze. 163rd Street West. Six year highway. guarantee I bet everybody in the world's life on it. You'll love your beach for it experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. This is Petophile. I'm a piece of your views. I'll be there in the town. It's Beijing Congress. They need to give a piece of it. I know there won't be any more. It's here for the name of the stream. I want to represent any worse than me. I had a tap in. Has everyone check the other guys. It's probably the whole thing. As we eat the drop out of the house. I'm free to drop out of the house. That's why. That's why the name is of course. By the way, they've worked out of the lights on batting, every 342, very bonslite. I've just 300. Oh, it's batting at it. And keep in mind the free expansion versus Post expansion. Any sport. Whether it's hockey baseball, any sport is try to compare old time with the new time. version of the game all these minor league pitches where supposedly major league pitches well you should know that covering the marlins all this time anyway but you try to tell me the players were better back then in the 20s i am trying to get the quality of the athlete on fewer teams was better yes all of the players you know that that just says it all right there says one you're good just go on with a show plus bay brewed so one last record is a picture how i'm a game is a very bond pitch yeah was a sport for so good people could just play all positions back then that's great they've played all positions now he played pitcher and like right here right so he played here and playing that again everybody was three forty nobody here that's like twice out of the board on the level being didn't have to do steroids although he was lucky you know you don't know what I was you know what I was doing was a broad no idea who they were yeah and hot dogs who was a pig he was a good who booze and uh... hot dogs that was just clean the famous to shovel down like a whole bunch of winners anyway moving along we want to touch that one forty six fourteen bill two a few am is a judge is just back in the court will be very much i'm gonna go out to the office week in our bruises and also that he just like a dmg he rose on that we go for ten pages of and two to one that would be who's a take-out but i mean i'm in a hozac and say well yeah sorry same difference pull a crap although p-roes is a better play than hozac and take-out and what's it all built up and muscle up with steroids in the go to light a congress although we did live up betting on baseball i think well maybe let's argue about let's put p-roes in the hall of fame you must spend some time on it i mean we got all these people dying let's put the sixteen minutes of it no it's not i got uh... john steward plug find gold sensor call senator rust find gold goals call for centering president bush has a one much important congress but he went back or wins day john steward host of cable television to daily show this feels like some attempted accountability steward told find gold democratic with constantly sending the senator's appearance on comedy central show wins in and that's what i really like about it and so i appreciate that and thank you for its steward added and i hope that your colleagues let you still eat at the lunch table steward liberal who nonetheless skewers both democrats and republicans is popular my younger viewers on the page of a hundred find gold's appearance on the show can help him brought his appeal for potential 2008 presidents or campaign all the way is all i got a problem with that that would you think i would tell that it was the congress that makes the laws the president supposed to sign the misforce enforcement for some said find gold received an enthusiastic response from the audience he does just supposed to make them up find gold's resolution would send you to prison for authorizing a war list of aliens program which the senator contains his illegal rather than making use of a law covering such viretash why how so i use the bush was authorized to do so under his powers commander in thief steward post funnity tenfold response at find gold's proposal generated on capital hill so far only two senators both democrats and sign on his host sponsors a lot of your democratic colleagues are reacting to show your jack abram often ever casino you want to talk to them about steward joke refer to the disgrace lobbyist find gold is accused democratic colleagues of cowering said it was important for the party show some backbone hold your breath for that how many times we can let George borsond did kt say you guys don't support the troops you not pay for yall and let them push us around ask find gold whose appearance was by satellite from the lockie we have to stand up to the me said steward play the clip from recent news conference of house majority leader john bainer which you hire republican set of find gold sometimes you begin to wonder if he's more interested in the safety and security of the terrorists as opposed to the american people after the audience grown at bainer's comment steward asked how long he'd been working with the terrorist are they necessarily than they seem on other a bad bunch find gold said laughing find gold conceited that the members on family question they proposal i daughter called me up and said that what are you doing the thing hasn't been done since the 1830s so it takes them explaining find gold said that's what i like about you senators do it said you're kicking it old school oh no the only president ever centred by the senate was anti jackson 1834 for removing the nation's money from a private bank and defiance of the wig controlled senate that's what most of he liked those wigs despite the friendly settings to ridden that find gold off without a big rams with wig changing the subject he said the McCain flag hold campaign finance i was into getting money out of politics how's that going yes are cash to be find gold chuckled and we spotted we got rid of the unlimited contributions raised by politicians now we have to deal more with the reform it calls for public finance of the like that john steward and the rust find gold is your ticket for a 2008 on his look at that and why this case is getting attention from the legal community just a short time to go bonds will you're asked to federal court to hold the writers in contempt get this because the writers relied on those grand jury transcripts in this book whose possession in publication they can send is illegal and that's not all later today bonds lawyers plan to ask the court that the writers and public servants are looking at not be able to keep any profits why because they had an illegal and unfair business advantage they plan to say in court which happens to be against a law here in california since they were in possession of the secret transcripts Michael reans is bonds attorney yeah the allegations in the book are simply a rehash of the same tired and unsupported allegations that the folks have been right and that for months and months okay if you happen to be a supporter of bonds you probably realize from the legal standpoint it's essentially impossible to stop the sale of a book especially now that it's already on shelf so I'm fine you can copy for certain bonds and you say this is really probably their best legal recourse if you do not if you happen to be a very fun critic and there seems to be more and more of them and you say this may just be about face saving either way we'll see Chris with a court besides a little bit later today okay i'm gonna go out and book right now around you whipped up about a judge yes even judge what what what a case found in the warley's home now we're talking trister right with spending her spring break cleaning out hurricane damage homes you see all these kids have been over there to help out all the uh... yes for people and all the things i was kind of nice to you put a nice for these are the kids i couldn't get any action you know so they take what i was going to something productive i know that sounds terrible but we just know that true right to receright discovered some unusual papers among the molding plastic board and they breathe in the house i started right now the air conditioner vent i thought it was garbage i was going to shove a lot but i've been down to pick it up and it was a stack of hundred dollar bills and then more more kept coming out the nineteen year olds had to see the unseen in by an official counter is more than thirty grand that's thirty thousand dollars right in fellow students notified the organizers of the church mission told us to bring up her share of soft as of these kids make me ill but you would you know if i anybody yet myself right and my accountant and your pocket your wall right the woman who owned the house was asked that's not the identified as the shock is right she was speechless said right and i'm strong and lanystay University student was among a hundred seventy five tour of your college students fitting the week off volunteering in these cities error be area deputy gary Adams verified the identity woman who owned the home and i'm said uh it's not a common to find weapons or medications behind the walls of homes this is the biggest sum of hidden money he's ever heard of it's good to see someone finding something like that turning over to the proper authorities and the rightful owner he said i think that's a pilot crap i'd have pocketed that so far and i'll kiddin when you i don't care who you are right you just cross for six thousand oh see or thirty yeah how much the monster haha oh the one story house was flooded in the ease by Katrina and aside from the hidden money nobits content could be saved well thank god they saved the money because money sure more important than a lot of trotchies you know daily bartender fellow student was in the house of the right said there was never a question of keeping the money i think it's expected of us as young people or people of any age this day to go in and take it not be faith or trustworthy and turning it in but that wasn't even option for us you said for which i say yeah a full and rather anxious than far out of sand all i can say to you is six thousand dollars in what couple is a meal rather over here This is 5.62.8. Life is gone, WQA, yeah! We can't sell! We can't sell! We can't buy any! No, no, no, no, no! Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go! 5.25. We're shifting forward, 25.25. 5.25. 2.25. 1.25. 1.25. 1.25. Oh, yes, we may think that, but both will have this way of moving by. Will we make you die? Or not? Who will be pretty man-ful? Or, just like don't you all try? With the bushfly, Fabernillo, I ask you what would these say but then an un-credited prey that would be the true cage for my phone. You die to my sweet, you will die for four years and the way you die will get us we as our four years. You don't dare to try, but we know five six loads or two by, we will make you die. Thank you, everyone, for my leave, everything. When we now go through all the dark eyes, yes, whenever we will give it to the birds, who hate women, I dare to serve you, die! We are going to do a part of the first week. We will make you die. And on the other hand, I will do a part of the first week. We will make you die. And on the other hand, what are you going to do about it? You're fair, okay. One fifty nine, we got to go these sitting by over the Yenthus Center and we got to do this for my dog for the seven. I'll building up for the Panther Ranger game, any interest with Yami Yager and Marty Strake and the Henrik Lungquist and all those other glam. The game, baby, the game, be there or not. Okay, here's the pool, which of these women would you like to see? Nicky, do you haven't seen Nicky? Already got a fantastic battle going on. Is that interesting that five years ago, one of these is a Chishranger? That's how the world turns. They're turning it. Chishishica, Alba, 89, Chishishica, Simpson, 85. Nicky, Nick, no one's to know. Barbara, Jennifer, the Bush, the President's daughter is 68. The President's drug and the... Missed be even daughters. Jennifer, love you at 64. Fet. Shakira 52, Shania 2040, Beyonce, Noel 37, Dahleys, Parton 37, and Aquinojia 35. She's fallen big time. And of course with those you probably call too. Sandra, oh, 34. Huh? All the time I had that. Exactly. And a whole bunch of others. Bye, bye, bye.