What was that? What is it? What was that? What seems to be going on? We're having some issues over here. We're having some issues, huh? Oh, like my mic won't shut off for one thing. Georgia's mic won't shut off. We got all the stuff moving from somewhere. We're bleeding over here. As you see, Kman, as you see, KS is the word. I'm going to get back in a radio. Hey, Joyce. And I wasn't the raspberry either, honey. You're fairly mean. I'm a what the heck happened to me. I guess I just don't have it in my own. No. I'm not going to get back in a radio. Hey, Joyce. And I wasn't the raspberry either, honey. No. I used to be a revolutionary. Now I'm hacking TV that the Starbucks zone. I'm hacking it that the Starbucks zone. I'm hacking it that the Starbucks zone. But the Twitter is a great luxury. I don't do those ads anymore. Now I feel music and latin. Six years and over, that's for sure. I'm hacking it that the Starbucks zone. Well, we have our own guests today, I guess. And finally, buddy, but we got the Kenny there for a second and Tommy with his squeaking his way through his sister's sister's sister. But that was an all about. Sorry. I think it was Josh sabotaging. Yeah, I had a little screw up here. Well, that's okay. Hey, join the club, man. Like I said, somebody will lock it back in a radio. Although it's you're going to be in this place. Here's our, and of course, we have a massive change in the format today. Starting with the here's line one for example. What doesn't work? Let's see. Okay, just checking, just making sure the phone works. Because based on what you tell me about, you can't show it. You're my call off and based on light out. That doesn't work. I've visited. I took it apart and visited. You've visited? I've visited. Okay, here's the app. We took starting on when we started this on Wednesday, I guess. Yeah. Are you sure? Pretty sure? No. What you take on the callers we asked, I think they were, I don't know when he was. I think it was in Friday. I don't know when it was. Anyway, what you take on the callers, 1437 votes a few would be okay, 612, a few, which means more than two, bringing the callers back 455. Oh, right. So you put those two together, like 74%. And like Joe Bell told you, in your kind this and lunch that day, while the word he's hearing is he won't talk to these people all. They're upset about they won't talk to you. I've traded that Joe, go away. You enjoy. High tailored for Memphis. The caller is suck, I'm renewing you two. That's what I voted and that is absolutely correct, but nevertheless, the show is fine without the calls only 161, a mirror, 11.2% and spite of Georgia's stubbornness. And I hate this poll only 1.8%, 27 out of 1437 people. I'd be like that. Is that impressive or what? Yeah. They liked it. But they don't like to show without the callers. And so the callers are coming back. You'll see, whole bunch of them, QAM, hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Okay, there's a line checker. So that was the Joel Finder call. Because you know, it's often win streak is all over with. Who they play on Sunday? Oh, just Detroit Lions were pretty good. No, no, the Patriots play the Detroit Lions on Sunday. Oh, I'm coming. Okay. I don't play anybody on Sunday that dolphins because they had the game on Thanksgiving. But you know, obviously you had a rough Thanksgiving. They're playing the Jaguars or they're playing Jacksonville. Oh, and I really could be them. Yeah, Buffalo did it. Yeah, Buffalo beat them. Anybody could beat them. How about those Patriots? Oh, I was that Tom Brady. First down. That was that was I have never in my life seen a white guy do that before. That was so beautiful. After he ran for the first down. And he stood up and he gave that first down signal and just went nuts. I was going Tommy. Yeah. He had a lot of nervous about that game. He was like that. Oh, man. Woo. My insides were upside down. Kind of like George's innerged on these days. Not good. George is having a, I don't know. I got some internal. Of course, that couldn't be from QM or his wife. You think, well, probably a little bit about 50% each. A little from Colin. Yeah, that's right. Here's our poll today. And we are taking like we better have a minion call. So look at the way they're flashing there right now. You see that? I'll get to when I feel like it. I will. The bedtime stories forget about them. Those of you people out there who are very politically oriented. We appreciate your great interest in the democracy and yadayada yadayada. But it's boring radio. It's really bad. And it's surges fault. Miguel was right. That's about to hear things else. I've never been right about. But he was right about that. It's boring. I mean, I enjoy it. And I enjoy it. And George likes it. And that's it. Well, we can't do a show for George. George wasn't even listening when he was off last week. No way. Of course not. And neither would I. I hear you think I'm listening to your crap. Of course not. I get that out of your head. Right. Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you. That's our full today. It had 117 votes. We'll make a thousand. I'd like that. On the first day after the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. You see the way I always have of couching things in such a terms if it's a major accomplishment, which of course it's not. But yeah, whatever. Which is the most interesting. Politics 402. Well, the elections over. Inside radio stuff on 52. I could do a whole show on Joyce today in about Gary Sarner and Joe Bell and all of us in our engineering staff. But I'm like, and ourselves, the problem, especially. We got some people back there in that sales. They wouldn't know a piece of copy. If you're stuck 450 sheets of paper up there as, they still wouldn't know a piece of copy. I don't want to mention Gary Sarner or Brian Schmutz, but nevertheless. Religion 128. I hate this pool a mere 31.7%. That's not bad. That's pretty good, especially on heels of the other one. Maybe they're in a good mood because they stuffed themselves on Thanksgiving day. Gaze stuffed 28. Amsterdam 18. Hockey 17. The track 14, which I never talk about hockey or the track, Brady Quinn a dozen. All right. And they got destroyed by USC and that game, which we knew they would. But then Josh is not too happy because instead of showing us the game, they kept showing Brady on a sideline. Brady Quinn, picking his nose, picking his butt, picking his jaw, whatever. Look at him now. He's warming up. I want to look at him now and later. And 12 people said that's the most interesting. You and guess who is one of them. You're as truly. That's the most interesting to me by far as opposed to all this other Swill is Brady Quinn, the mighty Quinn. Not that I'm going to play that bit like Andrew times today. You know what I'm talking about? No. Well, that's right. Maybe you didn't hear it because. What's that? You haven't heard that? No. Yeah, what you're talking about? And of course, he would could have said Tom Brady's outfit. That would be a little bit too current that's out of the demographic area for chicken X. So he goes to Scott Brady's an actor who died 100 years ago. For 20 years ago, anyway. Brady Quinn 12, health problem six. We don't want to hear about your health problem, George. We wish you all the best, but we want to hear about it. A slots five. I've stopped. See, that's why that nobody's called or talked about Gulfstream or been over there or fact-raining because they don't care about that about a good machine man. And diets for, you know, we're fattening that's just the way it is 828 votes. Eight, uh, about to more than that now, 834. But they're coming in in chunks now. Is that exciting or what? So anyway, I just speak in a mid-side radio stuff. I just want to go on record on a year. And I've said this before, but I want to say it very emphatically and very depressed and morbid way. Joyce Fitz is out to do everything she can in her power to destroy me. This radio show, this everything in the world connected with the show. And Joyce, I hope you dial horrible wicked death and hope it's soon. She's unfortunately man. But what is it? She's like the evil doctor, who man she is. And unfortunately, we got a new general man there now who's not only a subservient to her, but even to our program director who is my little dog would say, if we're a program director, you know, just a sad. Good guy, Joe, I totally that long time ago, you know, Jolly, Rolly, Joe, good guy, but man, oh man, just living in a dream world. Or speaking of dream fields, so somebody facts in most interesting topics when Neil discovers a really good product and turns us on to it. Yeah, like the dream fields, low car pasta. Anybody out there buy it? No, I'll try it. No, no, no. Except George. Like, well, yeah, us three, four times a week. I tried it. I ran to the pole. Yeah, but you don't need it. No, I don't. Although you will when you balloon up and get real prediabetic fat. So I don't know about that. I mean, you know, I do try to pass things along like the, what is it? The GT Express. And I finally figured out the reason that my omelette's were sticking in that thing. And I take back what I said, not that I owe them anything. But if you don't cook them long enough, that's so when the stuff sticks. About that flavor wave. And the flavor wave, which is great, we all have one. I use mine almost every day. We use ours like two, three times a week. There you go, flavor wave. And all these things. And I'm not there. And this crap about world, you must be getting money under the table from it. Right. Oh, yeah. We get a lot of graft on it, sure. Get something under the table. I wish speaking of Brady Quinn. He looked good in the game. The team's dunk and USC out the Whitlin' Emener contest. And of course, we don't want to talk about football because that's sports. That's the other thing you should have done to put on this pull effect. We can still do it sports. Let's put that on there. And then Clarence will like have everybody like, you know, reap it. Feep the pull. And while the sudden we'll have 40,000 votes, oh, we want to hear Neil do a sports show. Then life would be complete safe as we're like messing with their plans. Or the anti sports, the evil doers, the anti-jax sniffing show. It just sad to me. It makes me want to cry. And I guarantee I watch plenty of football over the weekend and I'm Thanksgiving day. And what kind of games do they have on that? Was gambling against rambling and gambling? Well, whatever those games all about. I don't know. They show those games a lot for some reason. I can't have some of the worst craft that they put on the year. It's just amazing to me. But then again, look at some of those announcers call those games. And the fact that Shannon Sharp is still on a pregame show on CBS, see, I knew there's a good reason why I don't want those shows. The pregame and the halftime and all this ash slapping, yuck in it up, you know, hey, Danny boy. I, uh, very sad. See, that's what our real man is supposed to be into. Those shows like that, the pregame show. But it goes to show you, George, all these years that you thought you were real man. You're not. No, I believe, guy. That's right. You don't sit around and watch the grab ass fest that they do with it. You know, Jimmy's Johnson and Danny Boy and Shannon, not so sharp, who couldn't speak a word of people to gun up his ass. I'll give it a shot. Give it a shot. Unbelievable. So anyway, that's where we are. Let's take a look at that schedule today. Let's see if we got the right one. I don't know because Clarence doesn't give us the schedule anymore. The way it's supposed to be, we have to guess who's going to be on. Well, I'm just going to read it the way it says. Mad dog, two, power hour hanker. Or would just, it's just the power hour with hanker for it. Now with hanker, the mad dog, just with hanker. Hank five to seven, opening tip with bimbo calls, which means the heat are playing tonight, but we don't have the game. So we have the opening tip, which is one of the dumbest pieces of program you ever heard in my life. You know, it's one thing to have the real, a pregame show, but they're opening tip before every heat game. They play like 157 games a season or something like that, 80 some. Curtis in the V7 30 in that indicates hanker cloud. Got no game tonight. No passes. Although we do have a Jacques Strap Martena on the morning show, and also a Eric Reed who talks to his team. 1013 at 5.60 WQAM. Hey, let me tell you right now about a great place to take your feet. Walk right over or or slump over to Brande's and pop it'll beach. For a seemed like forever now, Brande's has been doing the right for their customers, which is why Brande's is still around. You're the best Brian, let's let me tell you. They must have given him a lobotomy after he loved the first time, because you'd have to be crazy to come back. Roger's got real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Peep Show booth mopper, mopper Mr. Peep Show with mopper up. You were dismissed from your last job as a high school custodian for learing at students in the girls locker room. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But now it seems you found your true calling. As you punch the clock at Main Street, a dope book in video. Yes, they're trying to talk in jail. Night after night, you march into those private viewing booths onto the gills with cleaning sobbing, scouring pads and blind ambition. Ah, ah, but do we have a new issue? There are awkward moments when you accidentally walk in other clients. Ah, but that's okay. Because Mr. Smith knows you're there to make his viewing experience cleaner, safer, and most importantly, clear. So we salute you. Mr. Peep Show booth mopper up her. Your paper towels, your bumbney, and your scraper. You are a real American able. Ten eighteen to five sixty. I end up the extra squishy gooey sound there at the end just to piss off choice. We hate you, Joyce. We're going to send a hit squad over to get your ass. You piece it third. Eight hundred and sixty five votes on the pool. Aren't you impressed? All right. I know you never impressed. Sports doesn't have any. It's got the big. Oh, I want to do a sports. You'll make clearance happy. And let's get those phones cranking out. See, let me just say this to you. I give you the results of that pull from last week about the colors and yati yati yati. And you give him Joe Bell is giving you a son dance about. Oh, they want them to take the colors again. Is that what he told you? Yeah, take that one now. It's ringing. I'm not talking about like one. That's going to be a short call. I can tell already. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line. See, they're out of practice. And I'm sure it's a lot of practice. Give me a stupid phone number. Oh, they can't be. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I can tell you. I can tell you when that pull one up. Yeah. The one on. Pick the calls back. Yeah. Thanksgiving day because I went on and voted about one o'clock and when I did it. When I repressed was only six votes. Yeah. Thanksgiving day. Excellent. Okay, thanks. I think I think my work is done. You know, don't you? I think we've accomplished it. Whatever we need to do. Thank you, sir. That was an excellent and informative call. Eight hundred and seventy one votes on the pull. I don't see much action on the phone here. But by started to say is that it's always the same, you know. We want the callers. And then, of course, when you say, okay, let's open it up and see what these people have to say. We haven't taken calls on the show for weeks and weeks and months now. Let's see what all their pent up info. What their output and input and what they got. And you know what I think they got? Bubble see. I'm not sure. Shouldn't pre-judge it. It's bad. Right. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Happy other thanksgiving. Wacked back to you. Yeah, okay. WQAM Hello. The L1X question about that. With the teachers and as far as getting a song, getting a raise. They're calling call on teacher and find out. WQAM Hello. You're calling call on teacher and find out. WQAM Hello. Sound like he can use a good teacher. Well, nobody on that one. WQAM Hello. I'll go near how well you saw. Okay, sir. All right. Hey, listen, did you see? All right. Yes, sir. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Jackson with his mug on the face with someone. I'm going to talk about this. He jacks me. He's boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, this guy's going to take a lot of calls. That doesn't mean I'm going to listen to boring crap. You know what I mean? Yes, again. No, I'm not going to listen to it. I did like that guy. I don't want to hear his crap. Who the hell cares about Jesse Jackson and his love child? If you're going to call, like it says, right on our website, doesn't say have something to say that somebody might want to listen to, which here is how it's been this. Yeah. Since WQAM Hello. The more an eel. Yes, sir. About a week ago, I think it was. You read a great article on the air from Sam Harris. I had a news leak. You remember that? No. I'm looking for it on your website. I can't find it. It's a great one. Well, I'm glad I hope you enjoyed it. 5, 6, 7. Get used to it because you're going to be here too many more. No more that sitting here reading crap for hours a day that nobody wants to hear except George. Right. So, look at that. Product see discovers got three votes and sports has got a vote. I'll re-exerance voted. Ceremony. I think early retirement sounds really good to me. Don't you? Let's take a poll on that. I think that sounds like it about 10, 30 sounds really good. I don't want to have to leave in the middle of the show. Go down and pick customs on that package. I'm a new thanks machine that's coming. But you will anyway. I will. Oh, you better believe I'm going to go down there if it shows up during the show. And it probably will with my luck. You know, it couldn't have shown up like a 9, 30 when I could have gone down there and nice and relaxed. Or maybe it's going to show up and there will be no custom charges on it. Because I was at the opinion of the impression of the something that if it's under 400 bucks there's no custom charges on that until that package you sent me. And I know a big spender like you sure is held in Spend 400 bucks. No, he'd like. So how come I had to pay customs on that little crappy package you sent? Apparently there is no minimum. That's not correct sir. Well, absolutely incorrect sir. Well, I was over it. I'll get over it. I'll get over it. WQAM hello. No more callers. WQAM hello. Hey, you're the head of the body. Okay, let's put on that morning show. Clarence your idiot for sandbag at the morning attack. And then it came to show. We're not talking about sports bag. Okay, good call. Good call. There you go, Clarence. There's a little commentary on our programming. It could be a really entertaining show. Of course, I haven't heard any of those segments yet, but I'm sure it Josh tells me that there aren't any, although Miguel told me that there were some. That the guys are really entertaining and very funny when they're not doing those sports segments with those camp prefabricated guests, which Barry Jackass says they've wisely added to their time as, oh my God, I heard a couple of minutes to him this morning. I wanted to jump out the window and I live out of hire four. I couldn't believe it. Let's get Shannon Sharpa right away. This is what we're dealing with, man. This is what we're up against. We're like, I don't relate to it. I don't understand it. I don't live it. Smell us. Kniff it. I don't know what they're talking about. It's all they know from. These are not humans. These are creatures from a planet somewhere deep in the. Anils of space and they're we're up against them. Maybe from Uranus. That's it. I'll be honest with you. Correct. Once were they belong. WQA M. Hello. QA M. Hello. Phone call friends. Hello. You got him. Yeah, good one. See, he was he was building up to a very slow. He's a slow starter. WQA M. Hello. Line one still is a work by the way. No. QA M. That was it was too close for. Yeah. Don't don't be trying to be cute. Okay, because we got 75 dump buttons. And since the stern show we got about 85 minutes delay. So just spinning your wheels in waste in my time and your time. Whatever. He was just agreeing with you about Shannon Sharp. I like. No, that's not what he didn't say Shannon though. He said something else. It sounded like a, you know, like Schmitton. Maybe he's smitten with Shannon Sharp. Maybe that's what he was trying to say. Eight hundred E9 votes on the pool. He was just going to make some kind of a racially. What's his name? Oh, Michael. Michael Richards. Michael Richards. Michael Richards. I've all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you. Michael Richards here is how I don't even know who that is. Crazy, cramer. Politics 429. Inside radio stuff on 64. Religion 136. Inside radio stuff. I didn't need to know his parents is an idiot and Joyce's 1000 times worse. And Joseph and I sky up at the loss. I hate this pool only 35. 9% I like that. Gaze stuff 31. Gay stuff. Amsterdam 22. Hockey 20. Haha. Right. If we got a team to panthers or what? Wow, do they think? The track 15. Brady Quinn doesn't leave him alone. Okay. I saw him first. Help problem 7 slot 7. Yeah, there's only one slot. Most of these guys are interested in. I think that back there's two. Pronto C discovers this one up to five. Like the beamfields pasta. And the flavor wave. Diet's four and sports is up to three. So Clarences. He's got Robert in the beast in there now. They're tapping on it. Although wouldn't be the first time. I'm sure that. So little boy's playpin is what it is. And we're, you know, we're in the middle of it. By the way, I forgot to tell you George. We're on the wrong station. Oh, gee. 26. I should have told you that. When you're in the sports. It's past 10 at five 60 WQM. You're a sports. That sports time on your sports station. And by the way, Larry Coco got fired. And we're going to join that press conference momentarily. Station stands for nothing. Absolutely. Don't go getting bitter on us now. Come on. Put the crap. Everything's up bad with stars and their spots. But they can't help the boys. A life for all the dirty things with stars of flight. And they need a girl out of buying. And you say, shut, solve it in a pool. And promise to what's he. He says he's a loser. He says he's a loser. We're on the STD. White call the coffee and have a milk. Things can't get off me. Just like he didn't cook in Fort Worthy, break-lead. Come and have a mistress or three. White country's name, the Sarah Evans. And her deadly spouse. If somebody chatted all and saw the battle to see all get the home. Who cheated first but claims in a sense. When it hits the fan. Man of lightning girls to water for their age. And they have their own ice-based page. All they take on, through fees by the tons. In my rubble bones. Some of the dangers of sleeping with strangers. Girls are on the coast. How to keep track of who is with whom. How did he know he won? Those movies from their ages don't seem to match. He said, or she went the whole cast. Man of gifts, all they got to tell. From that of name's home. It's somebody title and it's somebody title. That's what you do. 1033-27 before 11 at 560 WCN. The calls are back. You asked for them and you got them. Maybe so far they've been fantastic. Of course, don't prejudge them. They're a lot of practice. You know what I'm saying? Practice makes perfect. 560, pound-560 in a Verizon and singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. Hello Americans. I'm Harvey. Miami Florida. New hunters. WQAM Hello. Hey, Daniel. Hello Americans. I'm Harvey. Miami Florida. New hunters. WQAM Hello. Hey, Daniel. Yes, sir. I'll just meet this here. How you doing? I'm getting. I'm getting. I just have a couple things about CNN. You guys are always ragging on CNN and how crappy these cover is. About a month or two. So we got the Christmas tree around the White House. Now with Laura Bush. Laura Bush. Not somebody. That's a pretty impressive breaking news going on. Yeah. The Anderson Cooper they said they broke in. I think it was September 11th this year. They said, oh, Anderson Cooper is under attack and asked. And he said, I thought a God. Yeah. And Anderson Cooper was under attack. Wouldn't be the first time. No, okay. Great. Okay. Thank you. See, what we got on the pool. Look at that. We got 930 votes. We're going to approach 1000 by the end of this hour. Because we're taking the calls again. See. George wants to apologize to the audience for being a bad influence and give me some really bum information. But Josh already told me that you just trying to stop the time. Yeah. So I'll take early retirement and you can move right on. You know, I've heard them to do a lot of sports in the morning. Sports. We got three votes. I mean, let's talk about sports. How about those Trojans? Yeah. Very reliable. We know not necessarily. Not the ones with the holes in them. How about that Josh's booty man? What a, seriously. He looks like a dog. What is it? John booty. And who that was Josh booty? Didn't we have an athlete? There was Josh booty? We did. I want to say yes. All right. Let me Google it. Jesus Christ. That's his brother. I think. Yeah. I'm serious. I think it's his mother. You know mama. Josh booty. What could be the free and sexual opinion is going to tell us all about Josh booty? See, if you're going to talk about sports, you need to know something about it. So you need to bring in an ice brodo. He's brother. I'm telling you. Is he? He was born in 1975. He was born on a former NFL quarterback and minor league baseball shorts. Former. Well, he's old. You know, he's 31. Oh, no. He's been five years in a Marlins organization. You know, I think you ought to be embarrassed. That's where I know John Boogh. Josh booty from me was with the Marlins. Yeah, that's pretty bad. He played only 13 games in the majors between 96 and 98. He had two 69 had four RBIs. He went to LSU, played football for the football team. He completed 49.3% of his passes, which really sucks. Josh booty. He was a, yeah, Marlin for about five minutes. And you don't know that. Mr. Marlins, Mr. Cover up for how bad Dave N. boring is. Jesus God, what's wrong with you? Oh, here's our good call. I'm nine. QAM Hello. Yeah, was that the same amount of time as it used to be? He's ready? WQAM Hello. QAM. Oh, I got to take the read of calls. He plays. Ha ha ha. That's one minute. He'll be right out. See, this is what it's all about, man. This is what they want. It's not sitting here thinking that people out there have an IQ larger than their damn breadbox. What's wrong with you? People are morons, man. Just like this pool about politics. We have this, but you know what politics is, it's a voice of time. It's crap. Well, the Democrats won't conquer us. Yeah, and what, what, what, so what's going to change? Okay, what's going to change now? Well, we certainly don't want to have any liberal agenda. And we certainly don't want to impeach the president. And we certainly don't want to do this. We don't want to do that. And then the juleverman says, he might run with John McCain. How do you like that? Did you see that article? Yeah, good. Yeah. Match made in purgatory, man. I hope that juleverman he looks with Gary Sarner. That would be a perfect match. WDQAM, hello. Talk about far-bison. WQAM, hello. This is Neil. This is Neil. I'm like, all right. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Oh, we love the panther. They are okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know. So, some of these people are just a little slow. And that's because they're out of practice. They'll get. You've had to explain about their material because of course they don't have any. And that's why we stopped taking calls in the first place. It's always the time and really ponders. But you know what? We are back. And we're sticking with it. Man, it's the phone call attack. What, what are you chuckling about? They don't care about these. Do you have any idea? I want to ask you that when you do have an idea because you, you know, when I'm not here, you send Josh to the stories. Do you have any idea? How what are jobiters to find these stories and print them out and patch gear around and staple them and put them in order and try to find out what they're going to say. And all the thing I read as fast as you so as well. It takes me longer. It's a lot of work, baby. And let me say, when I can get paid the same exact amount, a lot of cash for doing basically nothing but talk to idiots for hours today, which is what I've done for me. I've done for a long time. Well, I don't know what you're laughing about. People ask me, what do you do for living? I say, I talked to morons for hours of day for a living. And it's true. And that's what the audience wants to do because most people like morons because they can relate. You know, like your president. This business about meeting these names of cities that have been invented yet in countries that we don't even know where to hell they are in a map. And people care about that. You've led me down to Garden Path Mr. and I think Josh is going to take you out and whip you in a shape during that break. I'll judge. I sure up my package shows up pretty soon. You can be a good excuse to go down. This time I'm going to take my time. I'm not going to rush and go down there. Have a heart attack in the elevator. Racing to get back. Because you know, you got good material there. Plus you've been offered. You should have built up. You can talk about your stomach and your ailments. No, I was going to talk about my computer or what a piece of crap it is. No. Well, I would be good. Save it, don't forget to package. Absolutely. Save it for Brady Quinn's package. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Welcome back. Welcome back from one. Well, I know you're way this weekend and I've deleted November 5th for a day greeting. I was a bit of a week in. Yeah. I was up a Gulf Stream plunging away on this one arm bandits. Yeah. And I was at the woodbind plunging wind when our bandits do. I'd like that. Did you have a good machine? Yeah. I had a good machine. I want 17th of a busiest day at Woodbind. How do you like that? I've had a good machine. I want 17th of a busiest day at Woodbind. How do you like that? I've had to be the cool thing. I don't give numbers up. Since I had a good day, I'll give you the number of 1700 bananas. It's a beautiful number. And I'm sorry to hear about our good buddy, a boat Shen back work. Not my good buddy. Call off mad dog and talk to him about it and get some new material, by the way. See there. There you go. Now, there's a guy saying like, you know, a real guy and he had nothing. He had absolutely nothing. See, I asked short notice. You know what I mean? Right. No, it's short notice that when they turn down the radio this morning, they didn't expect. And you can only imagine the pull result. That was the people who were still listening. Can you imagine it would be the people that we've lost already, because of your insistence on my reading that crap for hours every day? Thousands. Stressful man. Stressful. Draining for an old diabetic bag like me. Draining. Not as draining as sitting here staring at those pictures of Brady Quinnick it, but for a pretty close. Draining. And Josh doesn't understand why the cameras were like trans-tics done Brady Quinnick throughout that entire game. Well, the game is stunk. Okay, the game was pathetic. Well, I like it. What? Because I was rooting for USC. And why is that? Because I don't think. Oh, that's true. Well, I hate noted name too. Probably a lot worse than you do. And I wasn't really rooting for note today. I just want to see Brady have a good game. And of course, they have dropping his balls in the end zone. I know I sure wouldn't drop his balls, but that's beside the point. 19 before 11 at 5, 60. The reason that they kept showing him is because he's where it's at, baby. He is the main man. He's the new hot shot. Okay. Well, they're attracting you. Okay. I want to watch the game. They're not attracting just me. In other words, you think I'm the only person obsessed with Brady Quinnick. You better get out of the house a little bit more, Mr. And I'm not just talking about those fluzzy bars where you go and get plastered all the time. I'm talking about dealing with re-eliming and breathing people. Brady Quinnick is where it's at. You'd stop your average guy in the go to date land this afternoon when you get off from work. Go to date land. Okay. Yeah. And find some good screaming queen. I mean, some good American guy. And ask him, what do you think of Brady Quinnick? And I'll go like, just get spastic on you. Like that. I'll lose it. Yeah. No, but I'm just, you know, it sounds good. We got a dozen people on here who say that's the most interesting thing that I talk about on the show. And I only voted once. Oh, oh, and... Why is he here? He's here. Recently filed for divorce. So now Kevin Fetterline enterprises as proud to announce its expansion into your home with rent and k-fed. You can have the world's most hated new divorcee to MC your bar metzfuss. Yo, yo, got lots of love, but he proves howler. Yo, Brince and K-Fet for birthday parties and play Pinnitale on Kevin Fetterline's ass. So, what's up? Hey, knock it off. Yeah, right, yo. Hey, come in. You little bitch, Rince and K-Fet for target practice. Yeah, yeah, keep going. Keep going. Yo, what's this line? What up, gee? Yeah, perfect. Don't move. Hi. Rince and K-Fet. Yo, yo, it's the one most hated K-Fet. And I can have me in your home at a modest price of course. Yo, I ain't like this bit for money. Just because I left that bitch Brittany, yo. What? I ain't desperate. I, maybe just little yo. Call now. 1-800 rent a K-Fet or visit rentaK-Fet.com for prices and estimates. Rent a K-Fet. For when you need a close more onto abuse in life. 1047-560WQA and we got 9502 votes on that pool and boy are they. Interested in those products I discovered. 10 already. How do you like that? I was the lead edition. It's right on Brady Quinn's ass. He's got 13. By the way, his been a name is Tyler since Josh is okay. Josh Blooming by the way was drafted by the Browns. He was their quarterback for about five minutes. Josh Blooming. Oh, you know that. You looked it up. You got it. No, I didn't even look it up. I just forgot. Well, how do you like that? And he played for your four to Marlins for crying out loud for about two minutes. I can't believe you forgot that. Even I remember that. Well, I forgot it for a reason. I wasn't that back during the Joe Angel days when they before he got stabbed in the back by your buddy Dave. What's his name? Brian. I don't know what you're laughing about. It's true. He got stabbed in the back and then they can't Joe angel and they kept they were Brian and then he went off and ran away to ESPN which he sucks anyway. He sounds just like every other guy. Everybody way you're right about Joe Buck. He's weak. He is really weak. I do like him for baseball games but terrible football. He's just he's so freaking weak. Bad. They lay in more garbage in ounces on us during football. I say, does stop Pat Summer on bring that old tote back. Get him out of the bar off the bar stool and bring his ass back. I'm even starting to get aggravated by all Michaels. I always like to tell him but he's getting on my nerves. If he says, boy, one more time. The boy was on the 45 year old little boy. Or get out of here else. Stop with a baloney. And madden. Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup. Good. Oh, I will say this. Nobody aggravates me worse than Joe Faisman. You know, I never paid much attention to him because I never watched those games on ESPN. Well, but it's just a whole year down. That's my new. That's a good idea. And so everybody to watch a ball game is true that I am sound down. It's a hell of a commentary on these great sports casters we got. Like Clarence for example. Hey, Clarence. It's not too early to start thinking about leaving QM and going and seeking your fortune is a big league broad cast of baby. Come on, Clarence. Just leave period would be a good idea. 560, 560, pound five 60 knee Verizon. One thing I like about Clarence when he talks about sports is no punches. You know what I'm saying? And pound five 60 knee Verizon singular riddle slums. We're call intensive again. If you wonder what happened here. Always taking calls again. We are taking calls that have been invented yet from people who haven't even been hatched yet. Because we took that pool for a reason. I mean, what's the point of taking a pool if you're going to looking at Nora, right? Is this her phone? No. Got to give the public what they want baby. And a public once these calls, they want to hear all of these rocket scientists out there. They want to have a chance to vent to open up a mouth and say some crap. You know what I'm saying? What he's saying? What I'm saying is that people are full of crap. That's right. And they want to get rid of it. Get out of their system. Maybe that's your problem. I just did do that last break. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil last week. You wanted to hear from someone that had been to the opening of these swapping scenes. Well, this isn't Stan Worthheimer. Of course. Go away, Stan. I said last week, I want to hear from anybody except Stan Worthheimer. And by the way, quit wasting our envelopes or your envelopes in our mail and quit sending a door to bunch of crap. We're not interested. Go away. If you looked up one dimensional human being in Wikipedia, the his picture would be right there. That's all he knows from. That's all he knows. Casino, Stan. We don't want to hear from you. Today, four weeks from circus, 85 years from next tissue book, we don't want to hear from you. Okay. Go away. Stan. Do you want to hear from him? No. Is that a trick question? Me, seems like a really nice guy. You know, I met him once twice. I haven't met him. I'm numerous occasions. Okay. When I used to be stupid enough to do those public appearances. Right. And he's all he knows from. I mean, I like to go to wood by and I like to play this slot. I mean, I go there a lot. Okay. I have a good time. I'm going to the fun. But Jesus, if that's your whole life, that's all you have to talk about is that. Go away, Stan. Now is that something I've been taking calls for less than an hour and hour and I already knew who the hell I was. Oh, yeah. I heard it. First word. Oh, God. He wears scales. I hear him on the wear us out. Casino, Stan. You wear us out. Everybody wishes you would just go away. Okay. With your worn out, with your, he's got like this pan hands, you know. Probably from full and too many machines are pulling something too much. Jesus, God. Why not? How did you come up with a stupid ass idea taking calls again? I think that's because Joe Bell talked to you into it. You know it. WCU, I am. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy Monday. Happy your life to. Yes. You're, uh, ranting on, uh, uh, Joe, Simon. Uh, it's kind of curious, uh, when you think back in time when Mr. Miss, uh, his parents are named, uh, named their name, uh, the fie'sman. And, uh, the rumor has that he changed his, uh, pronunciation to, uh, uh, fie'sman to rhyme with Heisman. So, uh, uh, uh, uh, you know, something, that was so pathetic was almost good. When it, I'm loving it. That was beautiful. That was so lame. That it was almost good. And a very campy kind of way. Or speaking of campy, Dracula was on again the other day, uh, over the weekend. Yeah. I watched a little bits and pieces. Yeah. I watched Renfield. Because he reminds me of our colors. Definitely. I'll complain that it's town manager used a slavery term refer to or black assistant has brought them golden beach for lots of investigations. You see this story? Yeah. Bottle in Will Banks free, 57, who is white, called Barbara Teresenko, a manmy, and a part of other people last month. According to Memosen from Councilwoman Camille, Kallella Bateshta, to other councilmembers and the town attorney. And an attempt to apologize while banks free, told a resistant, she loved Antimima. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha no, AND Your Mama, as most everyone knows, a mami including Antimima, is a derogatory person invented by whites to represent the Black female servant Kallella Bateshta wrote. The mami epitomizes sirvillity ability with exceptionally natural cheerfulness for many blacks this sort of sediment is as ridiculous and demeaning as any pick and any pick and any. What is pick and any? I don't know. I've never picked any. Colelle obbettees to broth the matter up at this week's town council meeting but it was immediately shall. They must have some heavy duty issues to deal with in Golden Beach, too much time in her hands. Because this could open up the town to legal implications, it's best that the matter go undiscusked until we know exactly what happens at the town attorney's Stephen Healthman. Instead, you recommended having an outside firm to investigate the complaint although expected to choose an investigator this week there was no discussion how much that the person would be paid during the and how long the investigation would take. Let's bring Joyce in, okay, get her off our ass. You know, it's one hell of a commentary when the corporate legal bitch that they brought in, there's no radio from her ass when she's out to help men to destroy this show and me and you and Norma can't and everybody associated with it. And she should only rot and only wish only wish that we had a general manager that had the ball to stand up to that bitch and would tell her to screw off, okay, but we got Joe Bell, who's too nice of a guy, okay? It's one thing to be a nice guy. It's another thing to be too nice of a guy. You know what I'm saying? As a pick and any. Whatever that I don't even know what that is. I just want to look it up. Tara Sanco 55 told the hero that she's been working in intimidating environment since he began with the town four months ago when she heard Will Banks freeze comments about like somebody kicked me in the stomach. She said she went home crushed in humiliated. I don't know I like that song by Els Olson. Man, me, how I love you. When that man me, my man will go over me. I'll do it. I think that they need to show the song of the South at the next town council meeting and come everybody down a little bit. Take a chill. She went home crushed in humiliated thinking of her grandmother. We're in money for the family rearing white children. I was not what Mark Foley does the same. At Tuesday nights council meeting, Will Banks free, redistaming, acknowledging recent criticism against her. But since you wanted to continue running the wealthy town of about 350 homes, golden beach, isn't that where they used to have like guys with no noses kind of like off to one side? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, youth to know. You sure? No. I'm doing wish to commend my staff. It's been there for me and their patient and support around goes on and the climb comment to their daughter. Mamma law. Mamma law. That's what they say in the sweet water. Mamma law asks. I'm sure would be the first time. 974 votes in April. What I tell you? Almost a thousand by 11 o'clock. And that's cause I came up with an ask. I'm sure would be the first time. 974 votes in April. What I tell you? Almost a thousand by 11 o'clock. And that's cause I came up with a brilliant idea of taking a calls again. This is the new Roger. I'm really happy that you're joining us via satellite from London, Madonna. I'm very grateful for you to give me this chance to set the record straight good. So tell us about this process that you went through to adopt David. My wealth and my position may things go faster. You use your wealth and celebrity to fast track the adoption. Oh yeah. Did you ever speak to David's father? Yes. He says according to the press and he didn't fully understand what he was doing when he agreed to let you adopt his son. Is that true? That is true. I've spun a story that is completely false. And you know, brought nothing that chaosed in his life. What do you want to say to David's father? Simple man who has nothing. You're never going to see your child again. Madonna still not ready to make nice. No. Coming up. I give oral and I cannot turn anyone away. That's obvious. Man hundred eight three most unapult man. It is pretty heavy duty in the first hour on our whole new deal. We got a new deal. Don't you think? Sure. Then after you thought he had a new deal, we got the new deal here with Neilish Lemiel. I'm 1803 votes of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting view. You've done this pull before too bad. You know, I have to start getting picky. Starting tomorrow, George is coming up with a poll ideas every day. Right. What's your favorite action movie every day? Politics 481. Well, forget about that. No more politics. Inside radio stuff 172, religion won't fit the. You see you have to fight a balance in the arms saying somewhere and you can't do it. You can't do it because you think the people wanting to hear the colors. You think that those people are like involved, interested. All of this stuff. And today care it right exactly. Inside radio stuff 172 like Joyce is a bitch and we wish you would die. That's inside radio. And Joe Bell is a worse. Religion won 50. I hate this pull 38. Only 3.8 percent. They like it. They be like it. Gaste of 34 Amsterdam 24 hockey 21 the track 16. Can you believe that stand worth time? I'm just foaming at them. I'm so over the voice. I had to talk to him for about 30 minutes. He called that last week. Yeah. I got you hung up on him because of that. And why didn't you hang up on him? I don't have a. I just had it on speaker and I was working. I was even really listening just. Well, what thought was he rambling about is if I have to know about your strans at Gulfstream. Oh, go to hell. Stand go to hell. The track 16. Protency discover 13 like that. Dreamfields pasta and the GT Express and the what is that a flavor wave? And Book of burgers. Pretty Quinn 13. I discovered him. I wish slots 8. There you go, Stan. We'll give you the numbers of those 8 people one here about slots and you can call them up at home where we didn't do your own show. You idiot. You abomination man. You bug me. Health problem. 7 diets 4 and sports 3. That's freaking Stan worth time or he goes back about 100 years. I think ever since today I came to this town 100 years ago. There he was on the phone. Well, casino gambling. Yeah, what's it going to do? Is it going to make it like into a big time place? No. Nothing is going to change that place man. It is what it is and it's always going to be what it is. Okay. A festering swamp. 991 on the pool. Fife sound pissed off today. It's because I am because Joyce Fitch makes me want to vomit. And when I sit here thinking that, you know, well, we've accomplished on this radio station with little or no promotion or help in the last 10 years. And the fact that we have to have this adversarial relationship with them like it's us against them. We're the enemy. We're the bad boy. That's right. We're bad. We're evil. I'm a bad guy. We do that. Shouldn't know when I go in in. You said, hey, we ought to go over to Q. I am, you know. Oh, yeah. Pac 9. You know something I already had a signed-aid deal with Pac 9. I signed it and normally can't turn it up and talk me to the other comment over to this place. Now, if we were to stay with Pac 10, remember like he wound up selling? Right. Hey, of course we'd wound up with cheap channel. And we'd probably be syndicated on about 500 stations right now, making Zillions of dollars every year. And without having to put up with this kind of crap like Joyce Fitch, what's good thing that didn't happen? Yeah. Thank God for that. WQAM Hello. I need your first time one time. Yeah, right. And much too soon. WQAM Hello. You away. Yes, sir. Yeah. Creamer is Jewish. Yeah, okay. Good. I'm happy for him. Okay. I'll rub my business for him, yeah. He's Jewish. So it's so it's makes you pivot, okay? And it's commibble. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. See, I'll go to a certain point and then all of a sudden I reach over and my thumb hits that yellow thing, you know? Just like you're like an automatic reflex. That's another thing, Joyce. Heck of a job, honey. Doing a heck of a job. And it's, you know, you had your lunch with Joe Bell. You know, the old Latvian expression, Gornage Telfin. Does that what they said? He might as well be talking to Felix the cat. That's what I ordered for lunch. What cat? No, Gornage. That's why you're stomach is like, your kishgis are in a knot. I think it was that lunch that took you off. Most of the time ever since then you've been like sick as a dog or cat. Where did that expression come from? Sick as a dog. I don't know, dogs get sick, I guess? No, I mean, they do get sick, but so does every other animal don't they? Where did that come from? Sick as a dog. No. Kind of a, I mean, kind of crap is bad. People make up all kinds of stupid crap. They do. Just ask you a, she'll tell you. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. This is Hillary Clinton. Missing you. Happy holidays, Dad. Okay. Thanks, Holyly. WQAM Hello. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty and a Verizon and singular wireless line. See in the for any early stages of this a certain sense of massacres and makes it almost enjoyable. You know what I mean? I said almost. WQAM Hello. Hi, Neil apparently Tom Brady is leaving the Patriots. Okay, and you're leaving the phone right now. Okay. You got an urgent call. Your shrink is on the phone. He said he's going to shrink it for you. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty and a Verizon and singular wireless line. As the hits just keep on coming. That's what we're going to do is for hours of this every day. You ready for that? Sure, what not? What are you going to do in here? That's what you do anyway. When I'm not on course, I'm going to read all those stories and horrible out of it anyway. Yeah, that's what I think. That's what Josh told me said you stumble and film for you. I do. You don't even know what they means. Don't have to pronounce half the things I'm reading. WQAM Hello. Neil, right before I called you, I put on my canterine lip gloss. Yeah. Okay, great. WQAM Hello. QAM. Oh, Neil, God. How are you today sir? Okay, sir. Sir, you're still looking for the definition for picking any. Yeah. It's a racial slang term. Neil, I'm really surprised you haven't heard of it. So I've never heard of it. Okay, I'm not really big. I'm a similar racial slang term. I'm going to have a black eye eye eye. It grafires to small black children. But it originated from Picanos, Nino's, which I'm sure George can interpret for you. Mahabhata. Anyway, how about taking here? Fort Myers, your your booming in and there's no clouds. So. All right. Okay, brother, happy holiday. Thanks a lot, Pally and back to you. There's a call from Fort Myers. As a matter of fact, I should have told him that for the right press, we let him go over there and bust, Joyce's neck. All take up the collection. Yeah, or I would say, Bash your brains in, but I would take a circle or start it off. Nine hundred ninety eight votes on the pool. I bet you if I refresh, we got our thousand already, which means we got a fine job done. Nine ninety nine. Next vote will be one thousand already. Pretty heavy duty for a Monday morning, especially right after Thanksgiving weekend. Are to impress by that? No, you're not. You're not impressed. No. Aren't you impressed by these calls? No, I always. WQAM. Hello. Sorry. Good. Oh, call. No good. Okay. See, I'm telling you one hour. I brought it to you. No, it's funny call. You're not your George Rodriguez. No good. WQAM. Hello. I'll take it all be that good. QAM. Good morning. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you doing? I'm okay. How are you? I'm well. Thank you. Is this Neil in person? Yes, it is in the flesh with my clothes on today. No less. Wow. How exciting. I haven't been hearing you lately because I have been working a lot. I wanted to ask you if you have seen that show, Dexter on a on show time. No, I have not. Or has anybody ever talked about it? I never heard of it. Oh, it's really good. I recommend it to everybody. I asked everybody if they'd seen it. And so far. I know. Everybody said no, but it's about it's about a policeman who's like a serial killer. We got a thousand votes by the way. That was just for the audience to say go. Yeah, exactly. But anyway, I just, as you had seen it, we could have a discussion about it. But if you haven't seen it, then what's it about? What's it about? It's a guy who's adopted by a police officer when he's a little boy. And he's like, he's on the dark side. He's like a serial killer kind of kid. But he winds up his father who adopts him, teaches him how to channel his psychotic behavior. And he's a police officer in Forensics. And he just goes after bad people. And kills like other serial killer. Well, does it like that's very intriguing. And it's got a good spot to care. You're a dialogue. Well, I'm going to chase it down a fine. Yeah, yeah, so time is going to have some nice time. But then they have three ones too. So it's had like eight episodes. But it's very confusing. What are you playing in a background? What is that? Oh, it's on the dark side because she's on the dark side. You said he's on the dark side. I've heard seeing the show. No, but I've seen it listed it. I've heard it was good for everyone that you know what movie that's from on the dark side. That's from that awful love. Any in the cruise. Who? Who? There. With Michael Perry, which I'm sorry I mentioned. Okay, thanks a lot, sweetheart. Listen, I'm glad I thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. See you. She was very nice. She was away, but he ever say thank you for taking my call. Why do people say that? I get through. Ask you the call and if he has something to say is when we ask you to call. If you're in idiot, we would per you know, I mean, whatever you want. We should be saying. This company doesn't care. This company doesn't give a fine crap. What you do. Okay. They don't care. They will not lift a finger. They won't raise an elbow up any year. They won't fart over it. And that's fine. That's fine. Let me say it again. We have a hostile a adversarial relationship with this company and just about everybody connected with it. And that's that's the way they wanted. Okay. Not the way I wanted or George wants it. Even Josh wants it. All he couldn't care less. That's the way they wanted. And you know what? Publinder. My God, your breath is beautiful. This is 2020. George, the Republicans had their ass handed to the turn the election. Here's a recording of what Dick said during his campaign. The president of the United States is dishonest. This is the president of the United States purposely this led to the American people. What do you think about that? Dick Cheney's a man and a faithful Muslim. Well, George, we got a surprise for you. Here's Dick Cheney himself. George, what are you doing with that baby girl? Dick Cheney's an ass. What are you doing? George, I don't know why I did it with her. Are you crazy? I'm the guy who pulled the pregnant child of the president of the United States. Dick Cheney can f**k off tonight. On 2020. Okay, boys, I just come down. It's 10, what is it? 11 17 already? Holy crap. And we already got a 1,000 and 12 votes on the pool. What do I tell you? Bringing these calls back with put us over the top man. Give us about an 80 share again. All right. The masses out there don't want to hear as someone pontificating and reading all of these area-dite all this garbage. Okay, they don't want that. Right. And you should learn that a long time ago, but no being a hard ass that you are. Right. Oh, and by the way, they got a new, what the hell was the product? I saw a product on TV over the weekend instead of waxing and instead of shaving your body, it's like a begins with a T. I forgot what the name it is. Have you seen that? No? Oh, yeah, it's like a little thing and it just, oh yeah. What do you like? Just rub it? Oh, still rub it. Yeah. Anyway, here's a couple of facts. The first one says, and of course, leave it to these people out there. They don't know what they want. You know, I'm cringing with embarrassment listening to these calls. Stop, please, please, please, please. In the course of the answer that no chance. Oh, stop. Yeah, mama. Okay. It's been this way for as long as I can remember. It's not going to change. The South Florida audience has got nothing to bring to the table. And we took about a hundred calls. There are one of them was kind of cute to one that whatever you said. The Scotty Mac Jr. guy. Right. So there you go. And of course, the more you take the more those you get. And when you stop and think about the fact that over the years over 30 years in a market, I had like that one outstanding call to Bridges tender. That's like legendary at this point. Am I right? Mm-hmm. So that goes to sure another 30 years or my get another one. Yes. Yes, sure. Yes. Like that. But I doubt it. See, I never knew that thing about Lassiter in the air. What is it? Well, that thing is called air stream. Mr. Airstream. I never knew that there was a rip off of the bridge tender. I never heard it. And I guess you played it. Which I have no idea where you got that from. From the download site, we linked his blog and also the audio board where you could download it. And you're just a very little bit overboard. Well, Mr. Airstream was funny and killed a lot of time. Oh. Like I said, that was good. Good thinking on your part. Here's the other one, Joan of Fleischman, who writes a really yentacoloman to Harold, says North Miami Beach resident Monique Cherry, or is that Cherie? Attending anger management classes for assaulting husband Luke earlier this year has been re-arrested for slicing his penis with a three-inch razor blade. Don't cut. She confessed cops say, I cut him. He can't force me to have sex with him. Officers took her to jail on aggravated battery charge. Happened at their home around 930 pm November 7, police say Monique 50 s loop 52 if he wanted oral sex. And he said, yes, she went to her dresser, got the blade, and proceeded to perform Felaccio from Officer George Rocky Festus report Rocky Festus. Wow. I wonder if he uses a Cesta or Rocky Festus. I hear he's kind of a pesta. She was the razor blade the size of the victim's penis while he was erect, causing a severe laceration from the tip to the base. Don't cut. Their teenage son heard his dad's call for help. I ran to the bedroom. The door was locked. Randy Bailey 31, boyfriend of the couple's daughter, Barbara 26, kicked it open. Luke was lying naked in bed holding Monique by her wrists. Her face and night count were covered in blood Festus reports it. In her right hand was the razor blade. Bailey took it away. Barbara used to tell to stop his bleeding. Paramedics took him to Jackson Memorial Hospital's writer trauma center. I guess that's where you take a sliced penis to the trauma center. Barbara told police her parents used to hit each other and that their mothers become more aggressive and violent toward the family. The report says Monique has been treated for schizophrenia and diagnosed with bipolar disorder but refused to take her medicine. Monique said that she intentionally sliced him so she could die in jail reports. Luke is out of the hospital. He says he's okay, but wouldn't elaborate. We'll give no details. The body like that. There's the kind of new story that we're always a game right here on the show. Anything that's got to do with like privates. Something you can sink your razor into. 1020 like KDK in Pittsburgh went out to 1023. I don't know what's 1023 on a dial. I guess nothing. 1023 on your AM dial. One of the of all the things that Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you. We still don't have that package yet so they haven't called it. When I phone rings I'm going to go racing out of here. I got to hold Joel's on. I'll give you that ready. You go. Not mommy. Wait a minute. Mommy. How I love you. You don't have that do. It's bad. That's it. I got scizzles. I said that on the 70s. I'm here. All right. When you start your role. So who do you like better Larry Parsons? I'll draw some. Okay that's enough right now. Oh he was the jazz singer. Who's the original? Yeah. He was Jewish by the way. Just like what's Michael Richard. Yeah. Of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you. Politics 491 inside radio stuff 181 religion 159 and after that it's really small taters. I hate this pool only 39 3.8% of over a thousand people. How do you like that? Gaste of 36. They like gay stuff. Amsterdam 25 hockey 23 which we never discussed because who cares about the Panthers obviously nobody. Especially when a Washington you know my schedule and Friday you were out. It's that the Panthers were hosting the Washington Senators at the Mac Arena. The only problem is the Washington Senators are an ancient baseball team that no longer exists from a city of New York and New York. It's the Ottawa Senators and the Washington Crapitals who in the least beat Friday night 7-1 before going into a coma against the ruins on Saturday. While they panthers were losing the Ottawa 64 and then losing to Atlanta over the weekend one zip. Now, who the hell did I hear say that Alex Alt the goalies the future of the Panther organization? I got news for you. He's the future of that organization. That team got no future because he sucks. But anyway, hockey 23 products he discovered 16 the track 16 Brady Quinn a lucky 13 baby. I thought he wore number 10. He's I give him a 10. Slots 9 health problem say Josh is very upset by the way that the keeps you on Brady Quinn way too much during that U.S. scene over the game on Saturday night. It's right. Very upset. I liked it. He looked good to me. I mean they got to see it's a perfect combination with me as a win-win situation you know. Quinn Quinn situation. That's correct. Slots 9. Let's talk about the Slots. Let's get stand with him around him. I just got a great idea. Yeah. We can endure these people to us by doing like they do on the other. The sports shows all we can start having sex with. One says stand worth. I'm a do it. Slot machines say not. Yeah. I got a right record. Five times in a wheel of fortune. Baby three grand. All right. Then we could do the different tracks. Right. Alt you know, Thurabred, Hardest, and Dog. Health problems eight sports four and diets four. And we could talk about harness racing a lot too. We'll talk about Dell man Jesus. I like let's talk about high life but a deal more. Get a high life segment out there. Right. We'll give more. We'll give more. That's right. That's right. Doug Gilmore. See that's pretty clever there. Mixing harness racing and hockey a little bit together. That helps. Listen to the audio on. Let's have a towel over his head. And I was still hewitt when he was little under the weather and under the towel there from a hundred years ago. Leafs and the abruans know less. Look at that. There's less Brazil. Let's get hockey intensive. Oh. WQM hockey headquarters. Hello. Neil. I'm Missy taking calls. Well here we go. Here's your chance in the right in the sunshine, baby. Right in the day by step out there. It's your moment of glory. You know, when you wear the bedtime stories, it reminded me of Mark Shine Mountain reading the Norman Schwitzka look for a show. I got news for a man. I ain't no Mark Shine Bomb. Not yet. I'm working on it. You replaced the S word with Chi. Yeah. Okay. We don't read. Did that. But that's our audience man. There's a little bit slow. You know, a little bit slow. Let's hear some algeos. Again, what do you say? 1036 on a pool man. I'd say to the sky's the limit today. And that's another thing. I don't care. You know, I'm not going to get all whipped up. Let's go for a thousand. Who cares? You know, right? I got a whole different attitude. It's very safer that phone call from Norma. Kind Friday night. Just got I'm not calling to get you aggravated but then he goes and read them in a lot of Thanksgiving weekend, you know. Norma, you are a quizzling and a fruit cake. Okay. A screaming, flaming bag, a silly person. I don't want to get chipset. And it was really nothing I needed to hear. It was absolutely nothing other than something that would just aggravate me. Okay. Mostly about Joyce. Joyce this and Joyce that why don't you go over there and take a take a just like that woman sliced the husband's penis. Okay. Why should take a sharp razor blade over there to the west coast and slice Joyce's penis and has that would be good. She deserves it. She's got a big one. I understand. Razor blade. Here's a fact that says talking about getting rid of body here. I use near with cucumber to remove my body. Here my girlfriend does it for me. It's a 50-minute process and really works. Oh, from Stuttering Gil. Stuttering Gil's got a girlfriend. And her name. Yeah. Is. Oh, I don't know. Stuttering Gil? John. This is real rotchers for Shredio 560. You A. And. You really need to go. X-Lax can help. When you really want to go, go with X-Lax. This week on top. Oh, Jason some stars in. Gil I did it. I just went off. I apologize. Oh, my perception stars in. Oh, yeah. I'm a cartoon character. Me love being showin' Jessica Simpson stars in. Wait, I'm confused. If I'm a dumb blonde. Everyone knows that chicken of this being tuna, but what you might not know is that tuna is fish, not chicken. Oh, this week. I never thought I'd say this about a TV show, but this is kind of stupid. Oh, we are strong. Oh, that's it. If you went, baby, we're bringing the fun back in a radio. Is that what we're doing? Today, sure. Let's say that's what we're doing. Fun for some. 1047, fun for the few-mold-minded. 1047 on a pool. And the facts is man, what do you send to me here? Just of pouring his cup, crap. Oh, crap. Yeah. Wow. You see that? We got more facts yesterday than we did all day Friday. Of course, we didn't get any Friday. You want to know why? You're playing Bittal Day? We'll find Bittal Day and there was nobody in that room anyway to send them if they didn't come in. Is there anything in the Constitution for everything? Hillary, for friends? I don't know that part the second part. Oh, and look at this, PSGL streams got no wheel of fortune, which it says boo, amen. I'm waiting for Pompano part to give a slots in in the spring or in the winter. Whenever after the first of the year, I want my own wheel of fortune my machine mom. When I saw like on a hundred percent payout all the time, your own name on it like on a plaque. That's correct. Oh, you can't sit there. That's Neil's machine mom. So anyway, I'm not interested in politics. Okay, I gave it up. I gave it up as of this weekend. Just like I gave up Joyce and I gave up Joe Bell and gave up any, you know, hope of any meaningful relationship with this company. They suck. They're pathetic. There are a bunch of clowns, you know. They want to like wave a magic wand like that. The sound of you got there, whatever the thing is. Where is it? Which one? The magic wand? Oh, that one. That's one. And like all of a sudden, everything's just going to fall into place and be hunky dory. It's been going to Jim Dory. Well, he sure looked good. Of course that's a long time ago. We don't look so good anymore. 27 till noon at 5, 60 WQA. Well, they like to let's see how's Brady Quinn doing on our poise still got 13 votes. He's behind the track behind the April and behind the track. And Josh doesn't think he's going to be the number one drap pick in the draft. Oh, man. You are so jaundest and jaded, you know? Whatever. You think he's uh, you think he's as good as he is good. Look and I guess. Well, that's a good line. He has broken almost every record in a history of a Notre Dame. He's like a awesome awesome. He picks the opposition to pieces apart. And if they wouldn't have kept dropping his balls in a game against USC, they might actually have been in a game, although they were playing against a much period of team. Well, I don't think he's going to cut it in the league. You don't think he's going to cut it? No. Let me make his suggestion to you. Okay. Cut the crap. I could still cancel that check. Like I said, he is the number one drap pick. For now. Here is okay. You think I give it to him about that. He's going to be a superstar, baby. The dolphins. Well, I mean, he's no joy hearing that. I'll give you that. And of course, you notice now, everybody's kissing up to Joey Henrik. Then oh, he was so good in that game against the lions his former team. Give me a break. A bunch of overgrown children. That's the problem with the so-called sports fans and so forth. Like I bought to overgrown children's pathetic. And God forbid, I mean, I like it with some surprise. They had a press conference on Friday to announce that Larry Coco was getting fired. Like everybody didn't know that after he lost two games. When you're coaching a hurricane football team, baby, in this town, you lose one game. You got real problems. They turned on you like a cornered red. You lose two games and they totally lose interest. How many people they have there for the BC game? Thanks, you mean, I 20,000? Wow. So they say. Yeah. Maybe 15,000, maybe. Who don't want to go see a team that's all six games? Oh, but it's our hurricane's ride. And we put that piece of garbage on here on Friday. I am so, I need to wonder when you probably heard it. Is this still in there, I wonder? What? That they came racing in there with some piece of about what we are the hurricane station and hurricanes made a coaching change. And we'll be talking about starting a two today. In other ways, because you got this damn the aradir shoe on right now, he's playing the rack all day. I'm the after Thanksgiving. He didn't want to talk about it. Anyway, what is there to talk about about old Larry Cokitt, okay? So we won one national championship. That's ancient history. They lost six freaking games and this business about their bowl eligible. Oh my god, that's, that to me is just like a slap right in the face, you know. That would be like if Joyce came into your living room and just lifted up her skirt and just dropped a huge load all over your power. Wouldn't just rise that. Yeah, well, she only did that to the show, right? At least she keeps trying. And I got news for her. I'm going to ignore that bitch. She's got nothing to do with me. I have nothing to do with her. She got nothing to do with me or the show. She would know already if we took my big old Zina thread here for when I was a kid, which is a pretty big radio and she have the whole thing way up inside her gut on her butt. And these people were all a corporate legal said that just a bunch of what's these we got there, man. Remember that story I had a couple of weeks ago about that guy's name was Pussy. Remember that? Yeah. Very Pussy I say. That's what they are. 5 6705 60 pound five, 60 leave a rise in singular rattlesnone. If Norma can't ever calls me with more aggravation that I don't need, that's about stuff that I don't need to hear about. I'm not interested. What word don't you understand? You see, and he's always calling when he's either on a way or he's at the arena with a hockey game because he's got some young Twinkie there with him, some punk that he probably picked up on a street corner there and four lot of it. He's got some goofball there at the game. He's trying to remember I'm going to call Neil Rogers now my number one client like like those kids have any idea who to tell Neil Rogers is? You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Jesus Norma just go away okay if you want to call somebody and get all whipped up, call up Joe Bell okay he's used to it called him up talk about his lunch with George. 5 670 and see if they're not going to be keep their phones ring in a hole for hours then I'm going to have to go back to Marta certain like an interest person on your crap which I don't want to do that. Like you said they need some training maybe you ought to wish them. No I know this is the way it always has been. Why don't they want they want the calls but they're just aren't any they have no material they got them to say after all this time you know what it reminds me of? What's that? It reminds me after I was off the year for seven months when packs and I need to go away or her and I was mostly in Europe during those seven months having a wonderful time kind of a gay old time and then I come back and all this stuff happened to me they were a meadow diana died in the Andrew Koon anything I'm a beach in the houseboat there were a lot of pretty significant stories happened in the seven months and I get on the year and they got nothing to say sure about anything that's the one thing that will never ever change. The problem is what the calls if it was kind of an ethnic thing like alien yeah then they then we got callers from people I'm been in who's who's been in about hasn't even made it a sure yet also in the same thing of course but right but why do you do it during the alien thing we were all going like that W2AM hello nearly yes sir what's the dealy welcome back George you hey the Miami dolphins Mary co-cat and all these callers are a oh he's got a board he's got his own board his own sound effects in his own material all right you're hired pali we're going to put you on for a weekend show as long as you there are no punches pulled on your show if you had a morning show I'd listen to it no punches pulled yeah that's right we listen is morning show it's first of all we didn't have any segments what he's a boring sports nerd guys although not but got a large Thomas on the airman well I sure think he's going to beat the competition will pulp five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rising and singular wireless line here on a station that has no self respect man none Eric read talking through his teeth it's Eric read the voice to the heat by the way he's think this year and it got no for a while how long is he going to be out Josh do we know no I don't well you better get on it for a while forgot to don't know Josh booty from your own I can't believe that now when even I remember Josh booty and you don't that tells me they you're trying to get all that Marlon all that party your life out of your head no trying to forget all about it you know working with a guy with a bad hair piece and a really hot wife I mean they've been boring I don't know why you get so hostile about that he's terrible man he's awful no he's he's not he's awful in fact you said off the year that that call that we played that promo that the Marlins win the world series that was the most embarrassing call in the history of baseball okay and you said it in whom I did a secret but you're right about Joe Buck he sucks on football he's bad boring see the problem is now you got fox and CBS and he has been you got like 80 million ball games on here now they don't have any announces to broadcast again so they put all these turns on there you know and all these old washed up like done quickie and dick stocked and I hope you're in Boca listen dick you really like I told you right to your ear man that time Hank put him on the remember he sucks maybe a good Jewish boy dick for you you know and you know he's lucky to have that wife is that a miracle or what of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you politics five oh six well the elections over there's nothing to talk about okay bush banshing you know what what's there to say talk about preaching to the choir inside radio stuff one idiot and the inside radio news is that joist blows religion one sixty six and after that the rest are like teeny tiny I hate this poll only 42 3.9 percent gays stuff 38 Amsterdam 27 hockey 25 let me see if they got the audio fixed on that leaves TV 18 times you're getting a 20 or 23 or look at that there's you want a nice old game boss an eight Toronto three that's good we want to remember those games uh hockey 25 the tracks 17 privacy discover 16 what I'm going to go out and try to discover some new things every day you know all right Brady Quinn 13 I'm going to have a meat with Brady and see back in the scour something I know the first place I'd look health problems nine slots nine sports five and diets five let's do some diet talk what do you say ooh in fact last night the information the Ron Popeo uh information for the what's that the toaster thing that rotisserie is got all right and that another pop at the atkins little bit behind the time is Ron if you're a little bit late lining rocker's for you your seven minutes you now inside addition George rumor has it you're not very good with computers I hear there's rumors on the internet's yeah there are rumors on the internet's lots of them we can have filters on internet's hi yeah I'm going to try to teach you a little bit about computers is there hope for me do I have a chance well young children can do it is our children learning yeah much faster than you now pay attention yes this is your computer keyboard you're not supposed to touch because it might shock you no it's not gonna shock you now do you know what Google is yes I want to say that you sound the Google is to pull up maps and it is dangerous oh it's not dangerous but okay George here you take the keyboard now you serve the internet with the Google right oh for the computer you're gonna be right back 14 golden at five sixty wqm you're new and improving the Roger show an eighty billion calls every day okay we're gonna go through these like stink on a joys are we not okay you'll see when they call us on the border right now let's let's go start with this one okay that's one that's one of our better ones five six seven oh five sixty see one thing I don't want to let you anybody but I'll do it anyhow don't give me a song to dance about how we've got to have the calls back and he's got to talk to these people and then of course there aren't any calls you know I've gone through that for like 20 of the last 30 years in his town for like 20 of the last 30 years because other than the four or five misfits who are calling like 400 times a day other than that there aren't any calls they have nothing to say right you see that flory on there now see what oh there is flory on one WQAM hello the morning you'll welcome back welcome why do people keep saying welcome back what does that mean because you're back from what you're taking phone calls again that was part of your your ocean hey our mission is not better man calls a lot for you than you are you have great well have a good time listening to them okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line and thanks very much by the way for calling to inform me that okay he's a panic he's gonna have a 0.1 in the market just like all the other all these other shows the important just like a bill of rally with his 0.2 ferry oh WQAM hello no remember that he had to get show on the satellite TV from popular spot what are you talking about you he's the handicapped of horses on the satellite dish yeah I'm probably a fuck yeah you did that with a whole ride I've you know I forgot I'm here in our man calm myself WQAM hello hello we're here yes sir all right good yeah and black you're cracking you say you you shed a clue well you almost had a clue really all right now I mean you're picking up that man hey don't stop now these are great hey they are good man this is what they want this is what Joe Bell wants baby he didn't he had the balls to come and tell me that you know they told you something about wow what I'm here it is that they want to call but well they got the calls back okay do I hope you're really happy now okay I hope this is the kind of show that you can be proud of and when we start inserting those sports segments man with Pat Summer All and the boat shambackler from his deathbed then we're gonna have some really good and Lou holds let's get all the old farts on here okay let's get Bobby Baudenot in there what do you say let's get what's it him he do a much let's get Larry co-kid with a segment on the show what do you say and they've been boring maybe he can show us what a really bad hair piece looks like he ain't said mowing got nothing on him that's what you're talking about that's what you're talking about he said most hair piece look beautiful compared to what that thing that must grab the day van boring is running around within the pressbox he said people used to scatter up there when he'd come in and then what you said that's what he said he's not in here right now where no don't tell me he's taking a gigantic joys again now wow yeah he ordered like three meals from how he's uh or four he's he was surprised me how come let me forget about my bacon this morning I'm sorry well that's that's because we were too busy will you've been away for a week and I was ready to go up today with all the bitching and moaning and pop out all that out of the out of the routine so I didn't have time to go in there and make my microwave bacon that's bad maybe I should do that right now while you're doing like a week's worth of food and is already gone halfway through it and it's gone halfway through him hmm do you QAM hello yeah sir have you got a chance to the movie no George yes yeah yeah like the first two times you got on and this time you got on the same as the first two okay it's still in can work and it doesn't matter it doesn't matter what he calls even though he never gets on it doesn't matter because it ain't good even then never get on the air and they're not going to do anything about it anyway right five six seven oh five sixty here five what is it Josh telling his face off wow howling his face off yeah what do you do stick his face in the toilet I think he worked up a sweat of fun wow well that's what happens in the order for meals well he's got to make up for a long time anyway he wasn't there on Friday it's eating like a century didn't have more than like seventy five meals from Thanksgiving are they going to do anything and I'm not that I care about line one because it's not like we're getting flooded with call today but they're going to do anything about that sometime this year or not right WQAM hello now I was watching that NFL show on CBS and Shannon he got good WQAM hello QAM oh hi I was only a figure to hear speaking oh the strategist yes Mr. calling the reason I'm calling is first of all to tell you how extremely entertaining you are and how amazing your powers of association are but the other thing I'm calling about is although you know what is what is that what is it no no yeah what I'm saying is that when you do elect to take callers which I don't think you need to do because most of them are pretty annoying when you do elect it do that sometimes it just seems as if those people who are calling just do try to be nice just to say hello or just to tell you anything sometimes you're so rude to them when they when they are trying to just keep with you when we're just kind of kiss my ass because it's boring no no it's it's boring yes yes yes it's boring it's like when people would call up Larry King the same thing I really love your job back you thank you it's boring it's asking if anyone wants to hear that so do me I don't mean I don't mean that people are trying to just you're asked I need people are just trying to legitimately say something to you well you know there can only be one arbiter of what's interesting was boring that truly is boring I like like to see no stand for example who's been boring me with the same crap for 30 years now I don't want to hear them that's all I need it I need it to the listeners who is I'm not trying to have a show with just you talking instead of having you know ridiculous alcohol well we tried that for a couple months and believe me the audience don't want to hear that that we took that poll and we had 80 big invotes on there and overwhelming they can't stand it they don't want no part of that right well at any rate I didn't want to leave me believe me it's 10 times as much work for me but nevertheless they still don't want it and the hell with them have a great day pal you come to you you say you too I can't stand them 116 votes on the pull man they're coming in and chunks today you see that and that's because the audiences you for their dancing on the table top man they're dancing in the streets you'll see it'll be on the front page of every damn newspaper the weekly reader you'll you'll you'll come to realize what our ad must take you made talking me in the redness steel old crap brutal or god I'm telling man it's draining it's a draining experience can I take it just by two or clock my kishki's are aching they're aching inside my colon feel like just laying in the quarter and passing out or at least eating a half a gallon of ice cream that's another thing it's bad for my health reading all those bedtime stories can be hazardous to my health by the way Joyce I got something that has it as to your health WQAM hello QAM hello start theater oh yeah WQAM hello hey can I talk to me oh speaking hey what's up Neil are you doing sir good I didn't know I was going to get on right on with you there when you're on right away I punched it up just like magic hey did you actually leave the Miami area what what do you remember that I'm in the jet actually move out of the area no I still have my house there okay I don't live there very I'm in there like maybe a 20 days a year and that's 20 days too much that's about good enough for me probably the 20 20 cold the days of north right no just a 20 of most boring days of my life no I haven't I have a call you know really long time it you know it is nearly think a lot of your fans actually like moved out of south Florida yeah I'm sure you all kind of got the message that of of what a rattle that place is right that's correct well what do you mean that place where you call me from I actually I'm actually listening to online and I'm calling you from Orlando which I'm wow I'm a happy duty you're right that's about wow well when I moved here a few years ago it was really nice but then all the people from South Florida started this like heaven for glam yeah I was down in Miami this past week and I think I I think I know why you're you don't get a lot of calls down there I was down in Miami this visit some family for Thanksgiving and I took my uh daughter to a playground down there in pinecris which is you know a pretty affluent area how old you're daughter about 34 no six oh so I took her there to play and and the kids were like not friendly at all they were very light cost of it and hostile and suspicious and what are you doing here like that exactly that's like the adults right well you know what was interesting about the adults is that I would say about 85 did not speak English at all well listen I hope you have a good life in Orlando okay I'll just torn giant 1109 I wonder we go with that same old craft again it's just like you know now they Stephen Harper's at the Quebec is a nation Quebec at the nation my ass okay that's like South Carolina's a nation it's just all the separatist craft man speak it in glaze that's what he's trying to say with with and my usually it's the women that start with that maybe he's like a real a lady or he's got the best talent in this real Rodgers for which video five six there come into Orlando maybe they're gonna this is pretty quick whenever I shape my balls I listen to the meal Rogers 12 for one hour like gravy with a ride he's a football player dude the silent world of me kind of guy that I want to do that's looking real to keep I wonder if it will want to date but there's no chance at all so does make me a sports queen if I want to see you grab the ball oh baby wow look at that kid you see no man quite like gravy with I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his voice I can do what I want to but I can have a guess on not a day to a position school okay that's not too great but I'm a little mad me at least until he's going I'm gravy now I want to quit you say see no man quite like gravy with will they be well look at that kid you wait okay 12 or two I guess it's the first time you heard that right yes it is well it's so cute kind of a day but nevertheless and so is Brady 1121 votes on the poll and all the things Neotox about which is the most interesting you it's an excellent poll question we've done it before but you know what to bet and let me just make one other comment too for that put up in Orlando with his you know his hysteria over the aspects and whatever he really wants to talk about which he doesn't want to say that's why he moved away I'm sure he's not the only one but never less I mean he's got the point about nobody speaks English but you know something private doesn't we don't we don't do that I'm not interested in anybody you know I've survived this long 30 years but the main speaker market almost 10 years on this radio station and then let me just ask you this what is it that we asked for on this station do we ask for anything basically other than a good paid on payday which they haven't nice go with a chest by the way keep it going right that's about all I can say for them working equipment would be nice equipment that works would be nice but we don't even make a big fuss about that even I would sit embarrassment and on professional on pathetic pathetic and we'd like to be loved alone well when hell's that gonna stuff when Joyce croaks yeah I mean like on Friday I'm sitting here playing the rack and of course you remember in previous years I would work many times on Thanksgiving day for whatever reason as I was stupid I guess and I would play the rack and then there was a great choice of stuff to play and like I told Miguel on Friday I'm sitting here going through the rack and I'm like out of every ten there's like maybe one or two that I can play and everything else oh we can't play that we sure can't play for no good reasons we would understand if there was I can understand it because the the Janet Jackson and the FCC and all I can understand that and because Greg's in it and Daniel lost the license I understand all of those things but because Joyce makes up all of these you know it makes it up as she goes along because she'll do anything in her power to screw with a show and of course when you're on a attorney tells you that months ago and the meantime is taking crap from her see if I'm in him I would go to court right now and I'd sue her ass that's what I would do I'd sue her ugly ass Norma instead of calling me like some kind of a pansy on the phone okay I don't really want to aggravate you but then he goes and aggravates for half an hour you know papapapa mostly about Joyce I'd be on the phone right now with Joe Bell screaming like a lunatic like a ranting and raving silly ass queen Norma that's what I'd be doing instead of calling me and just taking you know 64 years old just earlier this month I'm an old fart how much time have I got left you know I don't know like five days how many minutes sure if I got left in your last one the croak right here on a year so I could die by 1206 for all I know and I need to have my guts ripped out by some cockamami screwball on goofball oh when I went through with Joyce this week I love you too bad okay hang up on the bitch anyway 1128 votes on a pool of all things that Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you politics five thirty nine get over it okay get over it we don't have another election for two years get over it inside radio stuff on 96 while we're sure you're going to plenty of that today and believe me it's not a pretty picture it's gross religion one 72 and after that everything else is in it pales and even significant quarter them I hate this pool 45 still only 3.9% that's mighty low Amsterdam 30 how many but third man hockey 28 26 whatever it says policy discovers 18 like that rompopeal vagimatic the track 17 Brady Quinn 16 health problems nine slots nine yes slot slot worth timer and the a stand segment the slots lot yeah sports five and diets five solument they single chinkway chinkwent about on it matter fact I think there are a lot of sport that aren't getting their doom on a potential like water sports curling yeah to the need to have a hockey show let's have a regular segment with the remeron here that's what we need badman freakin hockey show you can tell by those gigantic panther crowds table tennis that's soft food is really heavy there's Sydney cross being good god to see ever ugly or what great player but man is the other god he could stop a clock with it's nays so anyway that's what we got on the pool so far we're taking we're back to taking a lot of calls today and so far we had one really good one with short and sweeten right to the point I'm trying to remember exactly you know being a feeble like I am what he said you'll Rogers good George Rodriguez no good yeah something like that I worried did you meet up with him again I really don't understand the back was the town a while back yeah he called you a year-ish well yeah I think he got back in touch with with Tony up here in the building or somehow somehow we now there's a good guy very good guy Tony if there's somebody we actually like there's one in from the park and not with him this morning and yeah always have any seen Tony the yipster who looks like the day you first saw him still he does not trust me I've seen him the last time I was there what are you talking about he looks like you look a little bit closer than I do I'll give you that believe me the first day that I seen him he looked really he's a 15 and not start facing right now he looked you have to turn into what he's a good guy he's a good guy but they're not you think he's cute but anyway all of us used to work on IOD together we're getting a little hockey in the background I'll go ahead so Scotty Mac wound up in the building here I think Tony was the run one that brought him in and I dragged him into the studio to get some some new audio from him and came there dressed in drag yeah yeah the first time you'll Rogers good George Rodriguez no good so if I can be old and days as you know that we could take Scotty Mac and we're recording studio and tell him to say anything and he would do it because he was simple to yes right great he has no embarrassment factor what's not great he's just simple to know here let me let me paraphrase he's a great simple to he's a pit he's a hoot simple he's a larph a minute WQAM hello he was really good with a silly string on a trip to Vegas that was good WQAM hello and the sulfur bombs in my face yeah QAM okay sir listen just one let you know I got an arbitron dialing actually I got three oh right we love you sir so you know you're not there even for my 14 year old who's in school at noon love you paly hey uh good question you guys got a bit this is I just played nothing work here what's that from what's that from what's that from that's from that's Bellevue Brian what is that from that's from an HBO special called inside Bellevue that's a cat named Brian who ran around the building saying that over and over again and I thought it was I hate this place so I say nothing works here the many things on work I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here the many things on work I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here which sums up QAM to a T by the way that's awesome thank that thanks a lot paly I look at the architect there's a guy that's got his whole family listen they're religiously glued to that radio and boy we need some help on at school let me tell you see because this last trend that came out and you are vacation when it came out thank god and the only reason we knew it was coming out is because I had I had some kind of a psychic experience that morning and I thought let me look up arbitron and see what the next trend's coming up because it was that time 30 in the month you know I knew what other trend was coming soon and sure enough it was that day was Wednesday and then about the five to ten clearance comes in there and says the jug oh by the way there's a trend coming into this more than it like we didn't know okay man you're a program director like I'm a rocket scientist like I'm like I'm an airline pilot okay clearance you idiot and so anyway the October trend obviously the sports nerds and the old Julio's got the adirates which leaves us out not that and we still had the highest number on the station I think between ten and three it was a four nine in the month of October which puts us at a five something and eighteen plus okay which 25 54 is always a couple of points are so we could still be okay for the fall book but the point I'm trying to make you is that we need some we need some love no I'm saying we listen love who doesn't yeah we need a kiss the number of your bell came from kiss the truth oh kiss this what are we gonna do about Brian Schmutz seriously tomorrow morning tomorrow morning I want that the salesman you're gonna go after dragging by his corn cob pipe and drag his ass in there I want to have a chance with pipe well grab a bias pipe and after you get through slicing it and bring him in there because there is stuff that is going on it is just so unacceptable and he's in and the attitude there is oh well there's that kneel again being a pain in he has let's do something professional for once in your life okay like in a real radio station and what requires a tremendous impersonation on your part many of you people there but let's try it just once man when I said that Brian Schmutz was coming back we shouldn't ask about the lobotomy you know it the biggest needs the best talent he's the big a old land of wealthigare morning five you said rock solid radio five sixty two a a where you drudge back in your live in Chicago many months the sweat and tears have gone into what is about to happen right here on this day cursed the alley she's coming out in front of a live audience in a bikini are you sure you want to do this bring it you know i'm fifty five years old i am completely sorry about that body for it's going like boobla bloobla oh my god from sixteen at five sixty wqm we got eleven thirty nine and the pool baby eleven hundred and three nine votes is that impressive or what i don't know guy like i said uh i don't tell me George made a run yeah i think we we changed it up you know you guys have overdone and keep making a big run guys are like crap in our brains out is basically what it boils down to because they had about five lunches already is that what it is i'm sure they still haven't made my bacon one George didn't eat too much he just got that problem you know oh he's got his uh intestinal whatever his guts are found it no well let's wait goes five six seven five sixty maybe we'll get out of a system in the qm t room you never know and pound five sixty and a Verizon and singular wireless line this is quite a test for the audience here because you know he this is i listen to them i want to you think i mean i'm a stake right at the right thing i think you did the right thing because you thought that we know as a bedtime source was ponderous unbelievably boring four hours every day uh not so much me but i'd say people my age yes yeah anybody into the age of a hundred and i would agree with that you know what what punk like a Josh's age or under the age of fifty once there's some old toe reading a bunch of uh uh columns and stories on your every day okay and of course there was only one reason i did it which you know but never less so they don't give a crap about there because you can't complain about our management because basically we don't have any our management is giving the keys to the kingdom the clearance and this couple little boyfriends in there and here you guys go ahead it's all yours baby these guys are gonna do some work for clearance and uh we got you out of your and like that and of course clearance ain't there half the time anyway because he's too busy going off doing stupid ass UM basketball games for example tomorrow i see it's UM and Northwestern in the ACC big challenge on AM940 is carrying the game and coverage which is to QM after the Panther hockey game is over now clearance i'm sure is off is he there today yeah yeah i saw only is there so maybe his flight is leaving a little bit later on or whatever and of course he certainly won't be there on Wednesday because that's at least a two-day deal where is that going to be played the UM at Northwestern oh my god can you even begin to imagine that how many people do you think are going to be listening to uh to that rock yeah five six seven oh five sixy so what's your story do you have also one of those emergencies or your insides just fall now oh wasn't an emergency it's just been uh part of the uh part of the way things are today part of the ambiance yeah just woke up this way oh well that's the way i woke up too it's because of that yeah a lot of that there's a lot of it going around maybe we have supposed post Thanksgiving catharsis during the year while you were out the doing your whatever you were doing uh Josh told me that he agrees that taking the calls was a great idea all right it's what he said so it's two to one you're out voted okay and guarantee if you brought Miguel in there your close personal friend he'd also have over us will be three to one on waving the white tag good gay w du Q AM hello yes i want to speak to niel please speaking niel listen i i was down there for a you know week and i just want to say the best thing of a bunch of show is a timeless nature of it my white white and i moved boot up to curb carolina four years ago and we came back down there and i still let listen on a net but the best part was driving around like bouquet and going to end to L.A. and here in your voice it is so it's getting with i went back thought of rich and the bird and everything else and i just want to leave all right well yeah i i just popped up to feel in my dead but i know you don't like to kiss kissing but i just want to know there's a right now i got Johnny and net and you're still doing a great great job yes i am and you were the best thing about that trip back that's all i found thanks for the a kiss he kiss you okay it was good for me now once in a while it's okay but it's steady that i'll thank you for making a taking my card and that's it's just oh it's easy you know it's boring ponderous but that guy was good and he had a good point that in how many times have i said that there is a segment of the audience out there they don't care from sitting here reading the funny papers as long as they hear my voice it's like they know this to live after all these years and all these things you follow what i'm saying like i'm the voices of the front of course i should be pretty embarrassed about that and believe me i am yeah what an accomplished what an achievement that is titled yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 thank god i didn't say the conscience is so for that because i thought it doesn't have one yeah wq a m hello hi can i talk to me oh speaking i want to tell you that your show is decent i like to show and q a m decent general but why is there always an echo online and echo one online and yeah i'm like like i'm on the radio when i'm listening to you it's time to thank you guys are in like a cast that are tuned and a cast good well tiska tasky we're broadcasting from a cast good yeah but i mean you show it decent i like it doesn't not not good but it's decent or it's the first part of radio show so it's decent compared to some of the other ones on that i would have already a station or crap right but yeah why can't they give you all a decent um recording area like we can hear you clearly and there's not actually back around and and it's joy joyous is the company attorney over there on a west coast in Naples she's a crazy person oh i see she's a new one you have a beef with and i was just wondering who she was good i know you're regular but she's a well around for a couple of years and believe me she's been hated every moment of it she hates us and we hate her well i i think you got a good show and i listen to a lot of these and yeah these things i listen to when i came but i wish you guys had better sounds but you know it yeah how's this this boat yeah it's been a great have a great day he's probably good work okay we're kind of a joyous has a little bit of an intestinal problem and that's why we don't talk about her too much 22 past noon listen she can rotten hell okay i well i have to sit here on my phone minding my own business 1200 miles away and listen to oh if you know what i went through with that joy from she picks up the phone and call me my you know like all this other hysterical crap she's a hysterical bitch and you know what kind of people get hysterical huh who what people who don't know what the hell they're no fakers you mean people who are drowns out the sea of ineptitude like we're having people who people are driving it drowning in a sea of incompetence like her and like your close personal friend that you had lunch with her who's a good guy but clueless shouless and clueless 1151 on the pool boy we are really got a good number on here and like i said our goal is to get to two o'clock that's all that's our new goal you follow what i'm saying what he said i'm not picking any numbers anymore oh we're gonna get to 14 what what kind of crap was that anyway although it worked pretty good that didn't yeah for what it's worth fake them out like the see they thought i cared about that just like they think i care about the colors how many times have i told you that and every time it's the truth i don't care i get paid the same as opposed to sitting here with four thousand stacks of crap in front of me here having to make damn sure i don't run out of crap by two o'clock i don't think Josh is going to run out of crap by two o'clock because it seems to me he's like full of it but makes two of this wdqm hello yes sir crap headquarters you're high-less i'll love you and i'll change it wqm hello oh they'll come from buffalo god now see he was good in kind of a bizarre sick a massacistic way i enjoyed that very much it was good for me because if he really was which him sure he wasn't but if he was gone from buffalo uh oh god would be the appropriate you know i'm saying oh my god like that good luck to you pal you'll need it in buffalo where like i think on the first in November they already had like 26 inches snow on the ground and here we are 100 miles away i am anyway do we have any snow on the ground not a flake we got a few flakes out there in the streets but not one flake is snow like that all right well i'm just saying what a toilet buffalo is in it is don't go to buffalo that's my message for all you punk's out there don't ever let anybody suck you in to go to buffalo it blows wqm hello yes sir about that you said the call yeah and and wqm hello how about that they didn't get on jaddle of mystery they have big mystery do do do do do do do do do like Jennifer would say only she doesn't much better than i do come on jaddle for you and do if i can find a scottie max if i'm sure fine 25 past noon at 560 wqm i think mad dogs in it to a clock today all we never know what that program director we got whether it's a stunt schedule you know whether it's a real schedule but it's just a fake out schedule like to fake out regions we haven't half of the spots now 1154 votes on a pool of all the things Neil talks about which is the most interesting you politics 552 or skis Matthew says politics people would naked pictures or he's got to be one of them power and do we need to hear any more about his brothers in the politics or who cares his brothers like the dog catcher in somewhere in Maryland who cares but he's big in politics inside radio stuff 200 which we've had that all the way up to shoot today radio stuff up the shoot religion 175 i hate this poll 46 3.9 percent gay stuff 41 and 32 hockey 27 products he discovers new and exciting craft that he passes along to us 18 the track 17 ready quinn 16 by the way help yes speaking of new and exciting crap that you pass along to us yes check showed up all the ones that i've melted yeah as in and you know why that happened is because i was going to be um i was going to the mailbox and the mail the mail box guy the mailman was coming with his little uh content to empty the mailbox so i just hand put it in his a thing i put in his slot well excellent timing others do to go to the bank there you go so there's your happy birthday to George it's not to another few days away and happy your life to judge who he's all helping you get thank you slots nine diets six and sports five i believe sixty one and Josh as he was ecstatic to see Brady quinn on the sideline and he was even squeezing his kneecaps little bit during the game does that what you said uh no board David's a bitch Hannah brains uh uh uh uh the river and tanned had your bit former president of the national association of evangelicals uh i have taken the early uh retirement from that fine organization to pursue another colon not a higher colon really more of a lower colon much much lower and even though president but if won't return my calls anymore and i've been kicked out of my church i found a new home a new home on television beginning that Sunday the Bravo Network would premiere my series uh queer eye on the preacher guy oh the premiere episode my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris it wasn't he he he he he he he he with that little doogie house or him they he he he and i would have said really important topics including queen is a mythology more than a mythology said i'm a sign evil man but really how did those boxer shorts uh he will review the new fly i can see the yeah man in the sports segment of my show we'll open fly in the reverend tanned haggard cornhole tournament death that's clear on the preacher guy with my the reverend tanned haggard Sunday's a unbrother gonna be so much fun you'll think you get snorted math with a male escort you know that's how quick that story dad we don't hear another word about that we don't hear any more about uh Paul Croch and his a Croch share going on and even miss fully you know as she came back for her father's funeral but other than that you know he's a busy again uh handled right so to speak loobalong the c. here comedian Michael Richard said yes that he didn't consider himself a racist and said he was shattered uh who buy the tire rated i don't understand well this is partly chopped off again to see i'm not going to waste my time trying to waste partly chopped off so now i don't have to mess with that either i don't have to also mess with the mess on the floor doing every break picking up all that stuff that i turn half and entering it in my trash bag now floor is nice and clean and first team and fit for a queen if you ask me 1171 votes on the pool already now it's going to be real interesting would do like a week or two of this you know and then we'll see what the audience responses you know of course so we got a lot of people out there no matter what we do then i'm gonna be happy right oh yeah no lot what about that Michael is it by the way speaking of unacceptable people what uh i don't even know what term to use piece of crap i thought you were gonna use a Michael Richard's term for a second there no i am not what do you know what's the name what's skin color Michael because see there's some people want to make everything into a racial thing you know like the oj think he's a murderer that's all oj whether he's black dark black lighter black moko anywhere in between and the same with Michael Vicki makes me sick first of all he's overrated to begin with way way overrated his team sucks elastian uh yesterday didn't just lose they got pounded by the same 31 13 and he's given you all the you know the old what for the land of fans well screw you Michael okay Michael vicar apologize for making an obscene gesture toward land of fans as he walked off the field after the falcons forced rate loss yesterday he used both hands to live the gesture and flashed an angry look toward the handful of fans remaining in the jojadone or an angry look at that yeah mama like that those who hung around booed the home team loudly after their dismal loss first and foremost i would like to apologize for my inappropriate actions with a fan today the quarterback said the statement released by the falcons i was frustrated and upset how the game was going for my team and the frustration came out the wrong way right pick was the falcons main offensive throughout 160 cc r's rushing just seven office and a fel record for quarterback he had another rough day passing completing nine or twenty four nine that twenty four that sounds like Josh booty for eighty four yards but wasn't terribly as involved the Atlanta receivers drop the leaf five passes in the offensive line didn't provide much protection i didn't see Brady quinn flipping the bird the fans in the stand at the uh the uh the u.s.c even on his receivers were dropping balls like crazy man vick was saving the party frank never dropped so many vick was actually time to the dozen more behind the line of scrimm jack for throwing prances leaving the field he let us frustration get the best of me said that's not what i'm about that's not what the falcons everybody said this statement i simply lost my cool and hit the moment i apologize look forward to putting the incident uh in my behind but to be put a boo put about he said he did his best to keep the falcons from losing again their five and six they suck they stink the falcons and he chance you got with anybody's money especially somebody else's bed against them okay i'd have to clear their underdog by like thirty five bed against them because they stink am i right Josh yeah i'm not way Josh's team lost again too oh no right there you go get out of here i wish i wouldn't have mentioned that when you also waited until now they mentioned it and who'd all the day play cowboys oh and that's right we've been like thirty eight to thirteen or something is that right yeah it was tough bad loss and that of course is that homo romo again what are what are rocket scientists he is what how did he come from by the way and again i guess bill parcellus can kiss the ground that that the blunts so turned out to be such a bust in the input that kid in there give me shot because that kid's bailing their ass out this thinking cowboys who beat the cults the way before which i said yeah all right but i'm in seventy seven we've been not too much sports because only six people said they find most interesting for them they want to hear the real sports they'll get the real the wheel deal you know i mean the wheel deal with no punches proved on the real sports shows where they get it listen i look we put a lot of illiterate people on here so what's the big deal you know i mean there's no embarrassment factor any season i would put what i want to more tens on here to talk about baby talk or for that on here oh my god take the miss you out of what they call that's the guy eleven seventy seven on there we'll do whatever to have we want how's that and they'll like it because i quite frankly draw to line in the same today this is i've said it many times before but i've just i'm just reach my saturation point you know and when this two years is done depending on everybody's health with the years till live with your intestines it was around still you know under the age of a hundred when it's two years are done at that point that will decide whether we want to continue working over hot microphone or not you know on a station it's got like a signal from a hell that woman had a good point you know maybe she was like close to four forty one or a child like that kind of like this all the time you know i'm saying what's that that's way to go but we're in stereo though for am stereo a hd digital or excuse me we're in digital and of course there's four people in the world who i have for those radios none of them live in south Florida but never if they did man it would sound great in the sunshine state five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty never all the relief are not having to go through this pile man you're not a sa hang on i got a couple here i've got a few a couple right i'd like one or two more and that's it some choice for them no well like the one about the sliced penis that doing flashback on somebody facts in that was good that was choice that was joys a nice choice five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rising in singular wireless line let's let's see if they can keep doing a drama with a two o'clock can you what do you think they never could be four they they haven't been able to the last twenty five years so why should it be managed time a halala haze why should it be any different now than it was any other day right right but we want the colors me we want okay well let's see how many we got there there let's see who got stugots and by the way since it was a sports nerd month in October that's a pretty bad home and for those losers across the street really weak really lame joe okay with the one out your fins remember the guy to call me last week john should give me a son of the air was it a facts about the dolphins are the fins and i call them the fish have you ever heard about say squished the fins no squished the fish they've been saying that for a zillion years longer than uh... don't you will have been brain dead okay so what are you talking about fins my ass i hear people say that it's a juvenile the fish aren't off in the fish no but they call them that they call the team that all the time even i know that well wait wait till they lose their next couple of games see what they call w q a m hello hello yes sir hey meal yeah hey let's go i'm driving from a land up for last two weeks on monday moons and i u just fine all the way to Orlando yeah woo heavy duty and they come to cost picture perfect okay thanks for the good news palian i hope that the strains of woman up before that was bitch in a better bad signal which is right that that a week signal i mean goes along way just sounds like garbage you know but we're not the one but we're not going to do the same thing this i'm not going to fix your hypothesis you can turn your mic on off to which because of the engineering hates you and quite frankly they all hate you i know including even uh jolly a rolly joe bell who just like some other people in air like his predecessor Greg smiled in your face and then like stabs you in a back you know well i haven't heard any that lately what i haven't heard that he's done that oh he ain't it okay i'm a totally one who is having a conversation with normal about extending my deal and uh me doing just monday two Thursday or instead of having you do Friday like putting best of tapes on and i said no way who's it is not going to be no more best of tapes or worst of tapes there's no more tapes on the showcase and that would act crap we don't play tapes on the show we want to live in time leave and if it's uh you know koma inducing like you we want somebody live on air or close to it like you so there he is again giving you all kinds of little zets even after being number one in the summer book with a seven share which a lot of it was you and that big July which much of it was you and that they still don't give you any credit nope so we didn't sit there in one in dinio all he wants and give you the big smile on the handshake you know the drug brothers grip but the fact that the matter is he's still giving you a stock maybe that's why your uh your in inners are like falling out that could be maybe from that knife wound where he gave you like that good stock stuck that knife deep in your back and twisted the funeral times maybe now you're feeling the after effects it got wound yeah like you haven't proven you can handle one day a week one day a week my god i say we start that schedule now back to him as in this week the biggest name so i think it's been a great rocker sport radio 560 i don't tell me that that was a rejoin that was a rejoin the way he said that that was a freaking regional rodgers uh senator carried the republicans have been talking smack about you and second tired of a whole bunch of the public in the tax they said that you've got irritable foul syndrome but problems with the uh but yeah that's what they said so is that it was right oh i'm sorry hear that how you doing now are you really nice that i'm able to say that i am cured and i want to stay that way it's great and good luck with your hands thanks so much 14 to one at five sixty wk my guess we haven't any change on it so i guess it's not the captain current state's mad dog two to four and then the power hour with hank it says what's that all about mmm that what it says in your schedule the power with hank i thought that's supposed to be hank and mr mad that's what it says power hour with hank well who knows who knows who knows but clearance okay he's running a little bit short on material these days although now that that last trend came out showing what a genius he is and very jacks wrote a call on a Friday that you would have just pute from k about the morning show about kinyan bo which we like them a lot all of their show and then he goes on about qm has wisely added regular segments with a this one and that one you know sports events because various sports nerd and an overgrown little child with a brown paper sack i mean you know maybe very jackass is the majority of the people out there do you think so i sure hope oh yeah they're all just like it well like rubber creeper and very jackass if i told you once i told you the i times that's where it's at 1196 will be on the verge of 1220 second and we don't care of all the things the old talks about which is the most entertaining and interesting to you interesting entertaining illuminating yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi politics 567 politics man you don't have to say it right to talk about politics and don't let me forget after one of clock i bet your girlfriend is on mr and be see and i don't need to hear we'll give it a shot in fact i could turn over there right now you know i mean it's never too really turn on i'm turn off CNN they are being built yeah oh there's the Iraqi slup and again neocons what was established democracy in the Middle East they don't want democracy okay you see these people that are trying to middle in their life they didn't even understand those people that there a bunch of crazed getchkeys okay they're all a bunch of getchkeys they're much of religious nuts but that's bad to talk about inside radio stuff 207 religion 183 speaking of religious nuts excuse me for the repetition i hate this full 47 still only 3.9 percent are two impressed by that you should be they like it okay gays to 42 and stood 32 you don't want to go there when you guys do but most people don't ain't what it used to be although if you're never there when it was really great then you think it was pretty good now especially compared to where you are hockey 28 products he discovers 21 like the rompopele agymatic and the penis slicer the track 18 Brady Quinn 16 you get your paws off a mokha got my dips in for long time ago health problems 12 and and Josh says that he's not going to be the number one NFL pick in the in the draft i don't know what you're thinking about i mean are you thinking i think all that Thanksgiving food all the carbs went to your head it or it clogged your mind what is that the rushing guy that got poisoned and it's like a big mystery right health problems 12 slots 10 diet 7 and sports 6 like Ron and Nicole's death that's a big mystery too see we should in all right then right in the beginning forgetting about any other contractual things or stuff like that we should know when we walked into a building in the people had like all these big pictures of oj f on a wall's uh huh we should know that we had nothing in common with these people that we were from a different planet we're from a earth they're from your own as i knew it soon as a net did you like the first day when i tried to talk to anybody about radio about anything out of what line would you be speaking anything else besides sports yeah the game who did what what the score was who do you think is going to do this in the next one bob anything else go in the shelf and yeah which means who's on first Josh will be done first by the windy just dropped the ball he just dropped it what the is it john boody is is that i'll be brother is that it that's the quarterback at ua see yeah oh he is he he looks like a like a alignment not like a quarterback yeah like a quarterback what he didn't like looking at his boody oh she's just man in the middle of all i'm gonna not even gonna have my bacon today he just held my dad first of all i'm not interested in looking to anybody's boody how do you like that, huh? Yeah, the photo quarterback in that game. You weren't checking him out. Who? Brady Quinn. Yeah, I wasn't looking at his booty, no. I was looking at his body, not his booty. That's a problem with you. You don't know difference between body and booty. But I just clicked on my, I just clicked on my desktop and there's 15 Brady Quinn's star naked, okay? God. I don't know what you're laughing about. 15 of them smiling back at me. I don't know. The body from heaven. That's, that's a real man right there. You can not Brady Quinn all you want. That's a real man, okay? As opposed to like John's booty. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I need Verizon to get around us now. Rumors about him by the way that he's. But then again, it's wishful thinking, you know? A lot of those queens, they want to think, everybody's good. Yeah, it's wishful thinking, right? We're going to get this phone thing cracked up again. If you joined us late today, we got the phones percolating again today. For the first time in a long time, you think there'd be thousands of people who've been so frustrated. That's what Joe Bell was telling you. That's what they want. They want to be able to talk to you, man. Well, I'm waiting. And of course, once the late catch is up at about 20 minutes, maybe we'll have to be response. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, I was going over here. Yeah. Something about the way that guy fades. Yes, just fade away. Look at that down. No, that wasn't a song, not fade away by anybody. Hollywood, that's a song, not fade away. Don't play it. All right. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I long time listener never call her. And the other day, you guys were talking about candy. Yeah. And when I go to Boston, I stay to hotel directly across the parking lots from the New England Confectionary Company. And they don't give factory tours that that gift shop is heaven for necko wait for. Yeah. necko wait for us. Well, they have it all. They have all their products in there. But unfortunately, they didn't give tours. I'll be there. OK, well, thanks for the good news. Thank you. I mean, if all the candy I could take of you, we mentioned necko wait for us. But you know, do you mind me? Boring. Like to call. Now, see that guy that called earlier, where he was going to be a lecture about, well, you know, and sometimes when people call you, and they want to look, if somebody is boring, I'm going to be the first one to tell you. Boring. I don't want boring. I meant well, he's a good guy and every store afraid for any, probably still some candy in that joint, but incredibly boring. I mean, anybody that would eat necko wait for us anyway, in the middle of all another good Nestle stuff? Oh, Nestle's, I don't know. What did we just give it? Nestle's made when we're talking about this. Some good craft. Remember that? I don't know. We discovered that Hershey's is weak, except for the almond taffy correct. That is correct thing. And now they got a new dark chocolate that was on the... Oh, Hershey. What are you doing to be a lover of almonds and chocolate? Yeah, dark chocolate. It's supposed to be really, really good for you, dark chocolate. If you 50 of those bars every day, you're going to be 400. If you 50, and then drink about a quarter wine, cheap one. 5, 6, 7. I'm going to tell you, man, this, if these people can keep this going, they'll just one day. Forget about the rest of my life. Forget about the next two years. If they can keep it going until two o'clock, it'll be one of the greatest miracles in the history of mankind. That's my feeling right now. After almost three hours of this, will. I mean, this great stuff. How many QAM? Hello. Where would Neil think about the two thousand eight President Troy? How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Good. Good. I don't know. I do. I may be, maybe you should just forget about the call. You're going to answer the machine and just let everybody go nuts, and then you play whatever you feel is appropriate on the radio the next day. There you go. That's an idea. We're just going to do a voice mail. Right. Yeah. What's that? Playing all the leads. You're not allowed to jump, plutonists. That's what I mean. That's what I mean. That's what I mean. The 2050 war And they all seem arraught while much impromptu some common things now. The melody The melody The melody The beat The beat The melody The melody The melody The melody The beat The beat The melody A reed The reed The melody The melody The biggest name, the best talent for this is your Rogers Force Radio 560-U.A.M. I just pray to you with, I like to shade my legs, arms and buns, while listening to the Neal Rogers 1-2 hours. I write, you feel, there isn't a team, though that's not a shot to you all, I shot when I expressed myself, religion, I evolve. I've met them, know it's over, now I'm getting hate-mails from the pole, bump the committee wants me to, I just have my two payments. I just say, I appreciate, with you all my, better way, now be religion. Never know, hope would show up and on the end of the day. I should have said, but then in the end just follow by an attitude, I should have just my mouth before I put my face closed. I don't want to spend six to seven years in my city, and once I need people listening online today, it's way down from ordinarily what it would be at the shower, and now that can be because of the calls, could it? I don't know. Why do you kid judge in one day, okay, now that we're just, you know, it's going to take some time, we've used to hear in the great cars. Speaking of the kind of people that work on this station, which you were mentioning just before we went to the break, Lexington South Carolina, a man fatally shot his friend with a high-powered rifle and dispute over a $20 bet on the South Carolina Clemson football game. James Walter Quick 42, which charged with a murder in the shooting of Richard Allen Johnson 43, Johnson died from a single shot to the chest. Heard of the preliminary autopsy yesterday, the two added $20 bet on the annual game with Quick taken South Carolina, which won 31 to 28, and Johnson taking Clemson. They drank beer all afternoon, and watched the game Saturday at Johnson's home, and began arguing about the bet after the game. Matt said Quick went to his car, got the rightfully normally used this for hunting, and fired one shot, hitting Johnson in the chest, at least he didn't hit him as Johnson. Quick was being held yesterday, and the Lexington County jail awaiting a bail hearing, Sheriff's Department said, didn't have a lawyer yet. Well, there you go, maybe Norma can go and represent him. Give him a sum to do anyway, in between talking to Joyce. Robert, 19 votes on the pool, pretty damn good man, it's pristine and clean, and we're going to take a ton of calls this are you waiting to see you know other than the that's the sad part of the whole thing you know that. I asked about the casino at the Gulf Stream being opened in the slots and the whole deal and the only collar we had was your buddy was casino stand, which were, oh, I think, the recall of Shrivel up with a rough skin like a leathery leathery man, he's the leather man, he's like a rendezvous. Like the cigar store, a totem pole Indian. Yeah, he was he's a ready man, a leathery rubbery guy. Oh my god. In fact, he looks like a walking machine about sticking a quarter in his slot. Correct, don't see what happened. And that's the only response we had of that, but then the part for the course, you know, what am I thinking about? I expect to response to something I asked about 400 times. 560, 560, pound five 60, the Verizon and SIGGETER, wireless line. What about coach Coker? Oh, what a surprise. Let's replay that press conference, please. WQAM, hello. Thank you, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to let you know that I do care. I enjoy the bedtime stories. I get un-centered, mainstream, un-centered information. The mainstream media will not give me. Yeah. And I appreciate that. I always will. Well, you're the one. All right. You're reclucing. Eight minutes of monorour. On our website. Thank you for making your call. Yeah, our website's going to be loaded up. Now that Josh has got the extra check in his pocket. And I'm sure it'll be cashed this afternoon real fast. So you know, common. Yeah, he's grazing. He's probably already on the way to the bank. Got a big old grin. Yeah. That's okay. No problem. Plenty of cash in there. No sweat. Hold. Yeah. I ran to the toilet, but it was really up to the street to the washroom. Yeah. Mom, I'm sure they got turluts in that place. 1225, oh, it's wonderful. Now, we got to shot at something today. We got to shot at Joyce. There's a lot of put that bitch up against the wall, man. I've lower brains out if I could find him. WQAM, hello. Oh, he's got to die. WQAM, hello. He'll got a pleasure to be here. This is Julio from Hollywood. Hey, Julio and Hollywood, what's got a ring to it? Yeah, hey, you know, I'm going to show a lot of these colors. Need to be filtered out. I still enjoy the bad times stories like the last color. And you'll have the last hero to clean up my heart. Okay, sweetheart. I'm a good news. Okay, they need to be filtered out. You know, I mean, filter out when in that filter out. You know, filter out when you're not filtered out. The other one's chartical. So, right. Yeah, get a charcoal filter like an efficient tank. You ever go through that phase in your life when you had tropical fish? Not personally. Oh, but don't do runs and yeah, big pain in the ass. Never very expensive. And then when they start swimming up inside of that, it's kind of disheartening. I got a mask and we got to deal with it. Although they're kind of friendly. I'm kissing garamis, you know? Never tried it. We saw that the easiest fish were the catfish. I like angel fish, you're kind of like good looking. And catfish. Yeah. Kind of like our sales department. You know, bottom feeders? Because you like the whiskers? Yeah, yeah. I like the way they look. No, they're neat looking catfish. Yeah. I'm not talking about those big gross ones that you find in a stream that redneck's actually go fishing for and cook up an eat. Oh, God. Oh, man. Because you know what catfish eat? They're like bottom feeders. They eat all the shrimp and lobster eat the same thing. Well, yeah, but they taste good. I know. Maybe catfish tastes good. You ever have it? Yeah. Sure. So then fried catfish? Absolutely. Oh, man. Absolutely. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And there's just a relief not to have this big pile. You know what? Just like primarily Josh Feld about an hour ago. It's a real relief not to have the big pile. I don't want to tell you. I went against it since the last time that wasn't accounted for. Get out of here. I've. I've got choice you not. When you better get checked out, man. You better get throw inspection. I said that a lot. You way up inside. Well, it's going on in there. I think it's all the odd job between your household situation and between certainly a choice, right? And the pressures that we work under? Finding out the Joe Bill hates me after all. Oh, he does. Yeah. Who can be a bunch of craves? Just like great in your face. Oh, yeah. He does a reasonable. What was the word adequate? You doing adequate job? Not a great job. No, he said, be on my bat. Addiquid. You said you suck. That's right. WKWM. Hello. How to call you back on stream. Yes, sir. Please. With this Friday night. They got to say it's okay. No big deal. I'm not like Vegas. With the, the flat machine room is jammed up with people. People playing the 25th and flat machines. Oh, yeah. And that's about it. They got broke her and they got the sports book for the horse racing. But as if that's the nationwide hard rock hotel. I don't think. Okay. All right. Thanks, Valentine. So they got a way to go there at Gulfstream. They need to. And when somebody faxes in and says they got no wheel of fortune. What kind of a machine is that, you know? How do you open up a casino with slots? And you got no wheel of fortune. You know what I'm saying? Shape. Jesus, got all my dad. But you patent van. Pat said jack by the way, just turned 87 and van is 82. Remember that guy got all bent out of shape. Because I said, you for whatever, you know? Who cares? I don't care. If you like van a great. Have a great fantasy life for over. Okay. You're never going to see your. You're never going to meet her. You're never going to touch her. You're never going to do her. It's said it went so on. Just like me with Brady Quinn bowl. Difference being I know it. With me. It's a joke. All over those pictures look pretty good. What? What are you? What are you? What are you? I saw something funny on. Yeah. I'm actually a big. Pictures look great to me. Oh, they only promised each show enough in there. You know, he's got those tight shirts on each one. And you know why? Maybe he ain't got nothing. Maybe there's nothing there. Maybe he's an old smoothie. You know what I'm saying? That's what I heard. Maybe he's got a female body part there where the male part or Nirilis. Maybe he's got an Indian set of an Audi. A man, giant. That could be it. Maybe he's got a man, giant. That could be it. Like man, colder. You don't have one. No. She's got a man, member. 233 votes on a pool. A man, giant. That's bad. That is so bad. I liked it. That was cute. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you. We should put that on there too, the man, China, but don't do it. See, I say we shouldn't, then you go ahead and do it. Oh, a lot of guys want to hear about the man, John. In fact, a lot of our listeners have one. In fact, some of our employees have one like Robert Greeper. Don't you believe that? Sure. No question. Some of them. I don't know about the man part, but he certainly got the other part. Politics 583. Forget about that. I don't want to hear about politics and burnout on it. Aren't you? Yeah, for a while. Take a little rest on that. Okay. I know you're all whipped up about it. I'll give you a liberal comic, I think I was like me, but give it a rest. Let's wait until 208. Well, let's wait at least a couple of weeks. To Nancy Pelosi falls on her ass. Politics 583. Inside radio stuff, 2016. Well, let's know if we ever get back in the real radio again. We'll let you know about radio stuff when we get to start working in real estate. Religion 186 and then, as I said, after that, it's strictly a three year, it's only a one horse race, really. Two or three years for a second. I hate this full 473.8% gay stuff 44 like that. Hot gay sex, remember that guy? 44. Amsterdam 32. Hockey 31. Product he discovers 23 like Tom Edison. I saw him on biography again the other day. I've already seen it before. How's he doing? Dead. I'll ask him again when he louder this time. He is. Well, what a genius. You know what? I'm the little, little, little, little. You know, question. What a hard out. God. Although he made some bad mistakes. He lost millions of some. What was he trying to, he was mine in some, something. I don't know. Bad. Product he discovers 23 like George Eastman and Tom Edison. Because Neil invented radio and TV and the light bulb and so on machine. I like electricity. Slot machine. The wheel. Brady Quinn, though, that was the epistoph caveman. Brady Quinn 16, health problems 13, slots 11. They got no wheel of fortune man. What a, what a, what's he place? Sports seven and diets only seven. They don't want to hear about no more diet talk because they know that we're all fat and we pick out all the time. What are we going to do about the sales department seriously? What are we going to do about the line of up and kill them, you know, ignore them? How can you ignore them when they're not doing their job when people are paying good. Harder and money. First to do a job for them. And they refuse to give us anything to work with. You know, it's kind of like what they do with that equipment in there, you know. Oh, make magic for us. Make us again a satan share, yeah. And they can't even turn a microphone on and off. Because it's a lame ass operation and you wonder why don't come back there and do shows from there. I'm sure you're not at knife, but I fixed it. I'm sure you don't wonder. No, I don't. Because the last couple of times I, I played that game and I did that and I go in there and write off the bat. It's like everything the speakers, the overhead doesn't work right and the buttons don't. It's just a mess. It's an embarrassment and a humiliating toilet. But nevertheless, but the money is raken in, maybe the beesies are raken in the cash. We got the sales up there. That's all we care about. Let's get some spots on the ear and let's charge a bunch of folks a lot of money for them. That's what that's our motto. Like it says in a wall, just give us the F and money. That's what it says. And that's our motto, a Q and M. Just give us the money. Even if we know where in the spot, give us the money anyway. Oh, good. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas carols. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday. That's why I said until now, introducing Hanukkah Carols on CD. Hanukkah is always like a Christmas. They say something new. If you didn't know it's been your nod. But you can kind of pick Carols on CD. Spin like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of Hanukkah music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the days, may of Hanukkah, my mama says, oh, babe. Eight pounds top with her seven slabs of corn, beef six for eight a lock. A smile here's a gift. If you're tired of the old tradition song, the holidays, Here's a whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it. You better buy gifts. Again, the mom says, oh, you know how we ate today, we ate. Ah, that's hard. It's common. Chultal. Hanukkah Carols on CD. It's the holiday collection. You just can't pass over. 117 at 560 W. If you have 252 votes on a pool, it's not too shabby. We're taking a minion calls today. As we welcome the callers back to the year Roger show. No way. Yeah, yeah. With open arms and tears in her eyes. 560, 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wattles Line. Took the pool over the weekend over the long, Thanksgiving holiday weekend. Overwhelming. They hated the show the way it was. They didn't want just here in all these stupid ass bed time stories. In spite of the well-meaning people who are calling in today last couple. And oh yeah, we did love those stories about it. Well, it's on our website. We didn't have somebody we didn't to you. Okay. Because those days are long gone. And spite of what George says. Except when we went Georgia's on, you know, like on Fridays. Exactly. WQA and hello. Those tapes. Hey, new eye is on. Okay. I like to know if you allow me to make a Panthers point real quick. Oh, God. Real quick. That's a real quick but not so loud. Okay. I want the world get any saying that they're already not be outraged. That we traded probably one of the top five gold tenders in the league for a defender who has more health in the they're already not be outraged. That we traded probably one of the top five gold tenders in the league for a defender who has more health in it than the cyclists. Which team not to make any of his 100 years old and even though he's not done that badly, his back will go out any day now. And absolutely different than who does nothing and a guy who probably. Funky and be fun. Who about? Can I say either one of those words? Oh, sorry, Joyce. 560, 560. There is no interest. How the Panther organization keeps that thing. I mean, you know, of course they lie a lot about the attendance. Make up those numbers and give away like 10,000 tickets. Even Josh didn't go to the games anymore. Do you? No. Although Norma can't go to the games and when he goes he's always got some young runaway or some Twinkie on his arm and I'm going to call you Rogers now and Mubo, you know, asked to make the call from the game to impress me like impress his punk and impress his young discovery. Just leave me alone, Norma. Just pretend I died. Okay, just pretend I died. I'm in the ground. The worms are eating my carcass and then just let's leave it at that. W2AM. Hello. QAM. W2AM. Hello. I think that was him. That is. I see your him. Don Johnson, one of the other. 560560 still there. After all this time, Eddie is still there. That's good to know. In fact, that wouldn't be surprised if they're all still there. They just been waiting. You know, when you have no life, I had no life. I had no life. I've been waiting to go. I'm on the sunshine. W2QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. meer. QAM.whine. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. Q. QAM. unfortunately I can move back to this god for taking place because my wife's father's that can't say but I'll tell you what the only reason I came back here because he's got when he passes away yeah we're gonna have millions of dollars and I'll tell you what I'll meet you in freaking Amsterdam and okay first one out of here bring me a bag of money pal thanks okay well at least they good news effort at guys is the father and all is gonna be dead pretty soon I can leave millions of dollars and that's why they came back obviously to suck up you know stay on the good side right when you did that was sounds like you sounds great I don't want to like him tune any of their motors ranging like that we don't know who they are maybe you know maybe they're very caring loving couple who are very enchanted with the father and all but I doubt it sounds like the old man's gonna croak he's gonna leave millions and boy how come nobody leaves me millions I keep asking that 30 years of work and are slating over hot microphone in this market 30 years of pubic service fighting the good fight in an impossible hopeless endless place and nobody croaks in these me millions for Christ's sake I got a phone call in two o'clock saying we just there's somebody croak one of your listeners and it's in there we're leaving you like eight million dollars you think I'd even be here tomorrow no I'd send you a telegram I'd say hey best of luck you thanks for the great job thanks for the memories and up yours and it's sending a text message from your flag there okay and I'd send you guys another envelope with another check only this time which right much less what w q a m hello q a m hello q a m yes sir me and that you were wondering if you're gonna okay good w q a m hello nale yes sir whatever I this new joy find myself touching myself all over you know okay good me too and I'm glad somebody is in his case anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rising singular right a slime as if it's unusual right we're right we've got a lot of people oh there's the first off k man so easy a k man can do it he's just such a jerk you know go back to the cave okay walk up on a wrong side of the rock this morning you sound like a cave is the bastard I am I can't stand those cave people w q a m hello q a m why they slower one I guess they're out of practice two laid w q a m hello I need a place yes sir is speaking he oh hey I just want to give you a ghost report okay one of the biggest things that no one has ever mentioned about it is that it's no smoking well yes what it is here to us the same thing it's just the way the world man even I refuse which used to be a lot smoking in the casino no more no mass yeah it's really a breath of fresh here and this more of a more slops the cub it's small it's nice though and it's really is a lot more exciting at uh... some of the but uh... sometimes he gets a little difficult to breathe out there okay thanks to the goodness or they're probably saw those cancer sticks to the white man out there to send all if you do not for years that's right i shouldn't said that but i did and i'm glad i did five six seven oh five sixty see that's another thing with the software man either i don't even want to go into it it's just uh... not only we can't play this and we can't play that you can't say this and you can't say that these people they want you to know what we've magic for them and make miracles but they don't want to let you do anything they don't want to do anything get ready to sell say that that's how i wound up reading those bedtime stories because we have so many restrictions and so little cooperation in any way shape or form whether it's with the phone whether it's with uh... being allowed to do a play do anything and it takes me back to that early remember that call i had that would jobel i think maybe my first call and he was outraged i mean they won't even let you uh... even on a system history they play far-times and i'm not commercials every year you know you shouldn't have to like uh... do that you know and then uh... all well he was just kidding you know once joy straight in his assa we need somebody with a big big pair of balls that's what we need okay and you sure back at a find that that's why they don't have anybody like that in this company they want yes man they want you mama yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes ma yes ma you know yes man whatever happened to man and that was all i got that what is that you said big ball so i talked to salty ones of no no this is just big balls we got big balls to take a picture of i'm the other class i'm so sorry i think i'm ready to bring quince got a big pair of guarantee of that i bet you're life on it now how are you gonna find out i'm not gonna find out i guess i have to do some research the biggest name so best challenge for this is the rockers for the video 560 and my junior honey okay we no longer can say every other everyday woman this is about a 50 TW immortal don't you know her i'm am i too but we definitely can't do ma don't make flee boy Wow they keep flying I can actually order my secret button. And she never even played the kill. And never tied down a radio. Take the draw, poke his contract. And I read it for you, sign. It says, we reserve the ride, and pay as little as we live, or you'll be on the employment block. Sign on the line. Everything will be fine. Yeah. You'll make me wait for the last one and fifty going. But you're moving on. And after the order, I keep this one fell. And we've got the agreement between the two. We're asking, oh, even I'm not a Saudi al-Allah. I'm pretty sure you wanted five, sixty. We have 124 votes. Well, they're 13, they're easy. We don't care. Okay. Why don't we make it very, very clear. That's old hat. You know, we turned a quarter day on our own. Of our own volition. We're like steering the ship and we're like all alone. Like stepsil run. When you say, okay, we don't fit in red. Red is not fit in that's fine with us. What? Red headed stepsil run. Anyway, what is this, this fact, this crap about the Chinese food. I don't care about that. I was a Gulf Stream in the certain night. At 1 a.m. There was a line of about 30. A spot about 30 man. Again for the slots. No wheel. No wheel of fortune. I thought that you and our puns, of course, are lost and the adiating. Well, too bad. I told you, don't play it. P.S. Joyce blows every children show us megafarts on TV. So Joyce ain't protecting any children. I say she stopped up and jealous. Maybe that's her. Maybe that's her. Maybe that's her. Just doesn't fart. Yeah, doubt that. Yeah. I bet she fart like an L.A. But it can you do. Can you do it? Can you do it? Can you do it? Can you do it? Can you do it? Imagine being an elevator with that bitch. They told us, oh, she's again. And this time, I think it was like a solid. I think she sets off smoke alarms. Wouldn't surprise the hot of me, bitch. I mean, don't do that, bitch. I love our effort, nothing of my contract. And additionally which she wants to ignore our contract. I'll do the same, screw arrows Honey. One thing about this company, man, as far as we're moaned, they're not filming. They never will beounded, they'll just tell ya. Any crap you want to hear to tell ya to sign on the Mutter hiking line. And they'll roofs whatever they want. And then you'll like it. Maybe they had a crap back when they raised a saliv banner by us. I remember that one visit I made it at the grotesque place where you were when they used to be Yes, do you want? The wine was well, how and then Greg is exploring the idea of building the studio out in a hallway there Right, and that's a boy Greg, what a genius Oh, would you like that idea better than the quansit hut or the trailer? The quansit hut Let's see, here's the fact there's the one major thing I noticed walking into the Gulf of Rome was the Beoh Oh, maybe they should bring back this smoking. I don't even smoke Well, maybe it just goes in the hand in hand with slot places, okay? Maybe somebody has slimy people from woodbine. Now we're down visiting maybe it slots like slots That could be it some of those people some of those European people wow man. Oh gag me with a prune You could just pass out I'm not kidding, you can just swim from them. But that's, you know, it's the way it is. It's a price you gotta pay when you go out and mix with the public. 279 votes 12, yeah, 1279. We got a real shot at the greatness here today. Although I will tell you this, and again, just a word of caution, I'm just monitoring it, you know, since raw, typically on our own. And that is that the listenership today on our website. I would say it's down. Well, let me take a look right now, okay? Request report, but it would be, but it would be, but it's not good. Oh, man. Woo! Bad. It's down like a buy about 15%. For one, it usually would be at this tempo. First, don't forget, it's still Thanksgiving weekend for some people. Isn't it? No, no. That is used one, what is it? What do you think that is? I don't know. Well, I think a lot of the people listen down. Well, I didn't listen for one thing, and now they don't got it no more. They don't have me sitting here reading all those politically stimulating BS. The world is going to blow up what are going to do about Iraq. You know, people are dying like flies over there, and the media, oh, well, it's on the verge of civil war, right. On the verge of civil war. It's like it's just so stupid. It's just pathetic. All the verbal, all the verbal, all the verbal, all the BS. It's just a bunch of crap, is what it is. And what are we going to do about it anyway? We're going to solve something something going to change, because I'm sitting here or ranting and raving on a radio every day, getting aggravated and working 15 hours that they try to find interesting bedtime stories for people that don't want to hear them in the first place. They hate them. They hate period. But as much hate as there isn't South Florida, you can be damn sure if they, if the bedtime stories they really hate it. 5667, 056. I'm thinking we get to meet you as under what I'm going to show a regular segment. What do you think, Josh? Oh, yeah, that'd be great. Maybe who is some other somewhat disturbed athletes? Maybe we can give up the assault. Cecil Collins would be good. He could come in for a peek. And then we could get who I start to say before you interrupted. Somebody very important. I forget who it was. Somebody. Well, Michael is to have all the somewhat screwed up athletes that we could get on the show. Give them their own segment right here on the show. You know, JJ come in. I mean, that was, you know, that was talked about once upon a time. I do that. WDQAM hello. I like a talk of it in what though. WDQAM hello. Hello. You can be the judge there. Was that the real one? Was that the real one? The real, uh, that. No, it wasn't that. Oh, not even close. Okay. George is like not even considering it. He's non-class by it was so bad. And it is interesting when you got a steel material from that. That's pretty weak. Five, six, but like I said, they have no material. They have nothing to talk about. What about that annual can in and how about Princess Diana? Let's go back 10 years and see if they remember what that was all about. Yeah, that was on again MSNBC. They keep, they've got some good documentaries, but I think they've only got like eight of them and they keep showing the same ones over and over again. And they showed that thing about Gianni Versace and that whole business. He is. He is. Never. Never during that documentary. Is there any suggestion that he might be gay or like that? Or that he hit his henchmen there. He would sit up on the roof of his mansion there. Oh, I like these. These are just a profitable story now. But of an Oculus spotting a young hag guys on the beach and he'd tell them I want this one. I want them. And they would go down in proposition that whoever any else sometimes they'd say yes, sometimes maybe no all the way down and I want his money. And they'd come up in the bookie a little bit. You don't say? They do the bookie wookie. They're not not that that has anything to do with it. They deserve to be shot like that. Or the fact that that pawn shop thing said in the, I mean, beach police in some tray on the desk and where for eight days after can end news is real passport and side is real name. And the name of the motel where he would stay in that free bag motel. I mean, who cares about those things? Nobody. Oh, God. Oh, God. 1291 votes. My God, we're on the verge of a breakdown, I think here. Want a verge of early retirement for years truly, I believe. And of course, I could do it, you know. You do realize that don't you? I could do it. I could just not show up tomorrow. They say, hey, say Joe, hey, listen, you enjoy seven great life. You know, it's both their name and start with J.O. So it's not, you know what that stands for, don't you? So it's Josh's. No. Yeah. We got George, Josh, Joyce and Joe, oh my God, I want you to. J.O. is if I ever heard it. Holy moly. Do know what that stands for. Three. Yeah. Jack of all trades. Oh, yeah. Jack off all trades. Oh, see, there's no, there's no reasoning with you. There's no common sense. He always has to go the extra five yards, just like that thing with the facials you have the day. A couple weeks ago, what about it? Every time I walk by a beauty salon now, I'm the sign of the front, not that I paid much attention with beauty salon, but you can't help but see, you know, or walking. And it's the first thing it says on areas, facials, you know, it's what inspired me. You see, I'm sure it's been all the time. It's a little cramped. Fairly affordable too. I didn't think that, you know, I thought they charged more than that. Of all the things Neil talks about, which is most interesting, the you politics, power to 611, ridiculous. On the side radio stuff, 223, religion 198, and that's all I care about. I hate this full only 51, 3.9%, gay stuff, 44, Amsterdam, 33, how about gay stuff an Amsterdam? There's a certain amount of that. Pocky 33, ask Gal Goldstein, he's seen to have discovered it late in life. Try not to see discoveries, 23, like the, what is that pasta? Being fields. It makes my sugar grow up, not dramatically, but it's, I don't know. It's great, though, I do love it, 90 to a couple times a week. Of the track 18, Brady Quinn is up to 17, Brady Quinn's 17 with that big pair. Oh my God, that's, that's what a man is all about, what Brady Quinn looks like right there. That's a man. And oh Josh doesn't agree, but that's a real man. Well, what would you know about it? Health problem, I think Josh's roommate is jealous. Health problem is 13, slots 11, sports 9 and diets only 7. So sports has got nine votes. You think Clarence has got the committee, it is computer? The biggest thing about the best talent for the business, the rotchers, sports radio 560. You A, M. Or we're radio is what they're doing for you, M. Language tape, number 6. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. convenience store manager. Hello, may I be too happy Newer today. Repeat. Hello, may I be too happy Newer please? PUSTOMER. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. You're in the Parliament plate. Repeat. You under Parliament plate? Customer. Yes, i would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Uh, these are filaments like Repeat these are filaments like a these were filaments customer no Neither one of those is the parliament light Great, and no, is it this one? No, it's not that one. You want a filaments? Yes, I want the parliament lights Please, it doesn't even know the part the parliament light No, no, no, no, no, no, get your sister Let's go over there. No, no, no, no over there by the dirty magazine. But hate you see listen laundry hand It's a parlor alone. No turn this tape over for language tape number seven ordering Chinese food over the phone 146 142 at 560 WQM. So if you missed me beginning of the show We took the pull over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. What's your take on the callers? 1437 votes on that poll and it's overwhelming overwhelming when you agree? Absolutely, I mean a few of you would be okay 612 bring the calls back for 55 which we did today And they've been something can't say the word on the ear that 74.1% said if you would be okay We're bringing back bring back alive The callers suck 182 the show is fine without calls 161 a mere 11.2% that's weak weak and I hate this fully 1.8% they liked it They liked the poll. They hated to show with those stupid bedtime stories So blame George We'll see George out on the street just open a window and part-ness face and just say hey You don't want what you're doing Mr. Your kill and that's your kill on the old man I apologize well and the poll you accepted okay and enjoy your check. Thank you 133 votes on the poll. We did 13 old being how about that is an impressive or what? No, not really and look at the phone Look at that phone. I told you they couldn't make it until two o'clock They couldn't do it. Did I tell you that? Oh? They felt it man. They dealt it nice melted It's a surprise they you know lasted this long yeah, well, and it's only Monday Don't forget this is the first day of the rest of our lives Maybe I should have like an emergency pile a standby pile just in case you know what I mean 560 70 560 not a big pile like the old piles, but just like a medium a minimal pile Kind of like the one to Josh drop there in noon 560 and 560 and 560 may Verizon singular wireless line don't be no three four meals again early in the show you're gonna be running up and down a hallway there and one of these days You're gonna go in here. It's gonna be a full house. He's got like two more still to go that he's gonna You know have to wait for I am on meals Oh two more meals and then five more trips WCWM hello WCWM hello Yeah, I talked to Neil please speaking Yeah, Neil I'm a listener yours from California listen at internet every day. Oh my god. Yes, and Love your show cuz radio out here is really bad So I would I yeah Maybe other the women the newspaper I want to share with you about Miami drivers Yeah, and you may already know this but this came from Maybe it's on the associated press or somebody was in the paper in California It's as the drivers Seed rude rage survey conducted determine the driving habits and attitudes of commuters in the United States Follow the least courteous city in the country is Miami Oh my god, followed by Phoenix and New York, Los Angeles and Boston the most courteous city is Minneapolis followed by Nashville St. Louis Seattle Atlanta Fendiago while it did not make it a little bit I want to go to Nashville or St. Louis and we forget about that but I moved out of Florida 12 years ago. I used to live in Borgas and I couldn't stay on those Ladies with a blue hair stealing sack when it delies Who drivers the only thing good about thought for it is your show and I listen on the internet in California everyday Neil okay. Thanks for the long-distance of such job. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. I'd like that to drivers in South Florida So there's a bulletin breaking news He's a good guy though is all the way out there in California is listening to show on the internet It's honey like that in California, no less not in someplace where there's a like life list and I'd like in a Utah or somewhere But in California God it was yeah, I'm on the first day had on with yesterday, well, he makes me gag You know that whole phony put on thing is which you maybe it's not full New York put on maybe that's really him. Oh Oh, that's it. Oh How scary 1309 and we're just fine. Oh, we're fine. I think we survived today. Oh, okay, even though you were like Obviously had a certain amount of moral crap into there really much about this color thing Anyway, it was okay and just fine. WQAM hello. Oh, yes Good afternoon Neil is pop in today WQAM hello WQAM hello Clap Hello, yes, that was a fabulous color Neil Yeah, better than this one but then again so with the so with this one, but you can't punch line one. It's not working Make up make a no wait a minute for a second there. I saw something online one happened. Maybe the engineers I did it was it The ghost of line one didn't we have that a long time ago in fact It probably never got fixed in the innermot so long since I've been taking calls Part and parcel we're not complaining you understand we're not the bitch in the morning We don't want to be like malcontents and you know pretend that we want equipment that actually works like in a real radio station I bet you WV women that got better equipment than we got When you think I imagine And I think we ought to send all that hurricane crap back over them. I I hope before you leave there today I don't know if Josh can find it or if it's still in the audio vault maybe Tommy can put it out for you that Read you in that they put in there on Friday after Cocoa got can you You I don't know whether you're laughing for cry. I try all this like an appallant huh? Try to look forward in the band it's almost like an apology like well, we're the hurricane station and the coach poker Or was a replace today and we'll be you know here much more about this after two o'clock It was like a shot at us, you know like usual In other words, we know that everybody out there all they care about is the hurricanes and coach poker and therefore We apologize that we're not being able to talk about it right now But once to a clock comes man go nuts feel free to go nuts have added Yeah, like what is it to say about that that's a looted right WQAM hello QAM No, yes, sir. Would you be here to fit in the U.M coaching job? Yeah, okay. I'm starting next season. Yeah They really love me U.M. for my six seasons of broadcast in U.M. baseball That's what I learned what a blue nose horseball place a university that is I use the term university loosely and outfit an organization of Blue nose a holes But that's a domicileately maybe in Ted foot and a gonsomish bohover it or all like birds of a feather And if the loser game yet like I said, I'm not thinking about no-to-date malice It's an institution. It's got like some I don't know at least with a pope would it a verbison Catholics? It's got some kind of credibility when I'm saying what he said touchdown Jesus all of that But you have me take away the football program. What do you got? What have you got? And of course, that's why they lose a gamer two man. We're off source and we got a Shoot the coach That'd be a good pull to take some day of all the coaches and Owners of all all the sports Mavons over the years in South Florida which one we'd like to shoot Hey, wait, that's our more trivial five 60 Well when he was alive back in 1489 he was a little guy who stood four foot five died around in pasting with a couple of kids And he was in charge of the Vatican Pope John boy Pope Fires young He's a folk to freeze to get married back there to spread the money round who they're all spring and kids So the factors at the Vatican they married his in and that posed a problem for his husband and him The Stadoma secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then They all dressed and dragged that healthy bit in because of anyone found out he'd lose the game Pope John you're fair Pope Fires young One Wendy day is dressed blue up in the gust in someone you'll pay that guy has no guts and like narrowing my bro is skirt pillowed high and every one knew it was the end of the line for Pope John And barrister worried the bank would go broke the Vatican Jimmy's built-out hole is smoked from history spin doctors had this erased Not long after they had this greatly replaced Pope John Pope I is young They buried him or her out of public view and a tomb held a gather with Scott taping blue These view words are written on his doom We praise that everybody will forget about you Pope John Pope I is young