Big shot! I'm dying out here! If you listen to the music, you'll hear me The shows, the day time all day long You never know it by the way that they are from all me This course, no you know it's always ankle for your sunny version Joseph Gackackackackackackackie, say hello bye now Oh no one gives a crap about it, he'll pass It fits now in that ring, all my life Maybe that's all there's on it How the talent is needed out If anybody is safe to love and I I'm gonna end out If anybody is safe to love and I Sack Toon it out What do you want to say then? Yeah 10.02.05.062 WDQM happy Tuesday November 20 and it's almost December You know it's almost the end of the year And the reason I play that Big shot Shocking developments man Shocking it is Rick Shaw headed for retirement, Big article with a picture in a whole deal Including that ugly nasty smelly camp in his On a front page of the hairless morning Look, I'm sure he's bought new ones over the years What new camps? Sure And maybe two or three Oh, yeah, that one doesn't look like the same color I don't know, what is that one pink? Let me go back to the website One moment please Where's the name hero? What's the name of the flight safe? There it is Well no, it's the same old ratty black Oh, that's definitely not the old one though I can't remember that the old one was black or blue But did any Rick Shaw's hanging it up after a hundred years in the business? Legendary, Big article by Howard Cohen And his brother Marty On a front page of the hairless morning And the fact that Rick Shaw's retiring after 50 years in a market Boy talk about good timing, thanks Rick There's a great line in the article And when I get to it man, you're going to know exactly what I'm talking about There's a great line where he had lunch with Ralph Redneck When he decided to retire, but we'll get to that Thanks for the inspiration Rick Big show My Tuesday's on God, you've taken a list of one Rick Shaw Let's start playing oldies All right, I mean we all just retire Anyway, here's the full from yesterday and boy, I'm going to tell you this thing with the phone calls Wow, is this funny how fast they turn like a rat like a courted rat How they turn on each other Just amazing to me WQAM, hello First call today, hello Rick Shaw, look at that, it's not working Oh look at that Oh my, isn't working Oh there you go I currently connect with the sound Hmm How about that I guess we'll have to reset everything No no, just a minute, QAM, hello Hello, yes sir Neil See George getting all panicky, they're the phone works just fine Like all our equipment, they're works just fine Yes sir Yes sir What are you used to keep your dictation good, I want to know Here's the poll again from yesterday Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you How many votes we have 1544, that was a pretty good year, by the way See now they're all lighten up Don't light them all up yet, I'll get to you when I'm ready Okay, wait to do the result of the days poll about the colors See never call them back as far as I know But at any rate George, good time, Jolly Joe, you know, he's just one of those guys He's a Jolly guy and he's got his head buried in the sand like an ostrich He doesn't want to see Joyce, he doesn't want to see the beeslies And I don't blame him on quails And that's because over these last several months with the election in the whole deal With all these stupid articles I've been reading Religion to a hundred and twenty nine, those three were like Ponder tea discovers 42 Amsterdam 42, hockey 41 Rhyde, Brady Quinn 21 The track 21, health problem 16, sports 14 Slots a good machine, mind 12 and diets only eight Everybody wants to hear about diets because we're fat Why am I ever fat, huh? Give me a minute on this number this morning Well, that's too good That's too good Not good, yes, a whole day of frustration eating over this place This business, just like Ricky Tickie says men, this business is a far cry of me used to be It's a tragedy now, it's pathetic But the money's good, I'll say that, at least for some of us during Yeah, the calls are back, here's today's pool, this is amusing to me, most amusing The calls are back, what's your take and I realize it was only one day But you know, just to get the immediate, since they were so atinted Oh no, whoa, sucks, we want those colors, spice it up So the calls are back, what's your take? 775, oh it's already I'll listen regardless, 273, well thank you for those people, okay That's for all you, when you take calls don't take calls Just make fart sounds for hours on here And by the way, Joyce, I'll fart as much as I want, screw you honey Gee, maybe they'll fire you No, they can't, we'll fire me for a while For farting, yeah, farting, right, first radio person has to be fired For playing farts on here, okay, that's for you honey This business, and of course this goes back to Norma Kent too And me for being weak and putting up with their crap And Joe Bell too for saying one thing, one, thank God, 116 Thank God, big improvements, 71, see what those two give It's only 24% and I hate this pool, a mere 15, 1.9% They like this pool, because see these are the kind of pools they always sink their teeth into What it has to do with the business, you know what I mean? So speaking of the business, why don't I get off of that jingle? Oh come on, I don't know, back to it Well, because I'm going to play it again How are you calling rights in a hero with his picture with his ugly cap on there? Which don't even cover up the balls, I guess that was the reason he started working at the first place I told you that story about Jerry Wixner and how they pulled off his bad hair piece Sure, and he had an nervous breakdown, but nevertheless, he was doing some kind of a record hop or something Like they used to do back in the day, and I end the 100 years ago, Jerry Wixner He's in the ground, by the way Anyway the article says headline, veteran DJ Rick Shaw headed forward, time it Oh my God, almost as amazing as what's his name is going to be Drew Rosenhausen again And tomorrow morning on our morning show See they're lucky that they got that good number in October, they're really lucky Because otherwise, well, I don't know, I haven't met Kenny Walker, but if I was him, I'd be at Joe Bell's door with a sledgehammer right now Anyway the article starts out a soft photo morning without Rick Shaw question mark Soon it will be, soon it will be Oh my God The veteran magic 102.70J a fixture on softfoot airway since 1960 40 Six years, or why go for 50, Rick? Surprised as listeners at ADM today, meaning if they buy announcing is coming Retirement midway through his morning show on magic 102 No one else in softfoot is outlasted Shaw's a constant presence in the notoriously Fickle world of mainstream radio I'm going to hang it up, I'm sick and tired of getting up at 4am in the morning Shaw 68, said in the tell stations for generations of listeners I'm sick and tired, but like that, that's the way he does it Because he's a bubbly kind of guy, you know He's my story Yeah, let's play oldies, anyway Now, I want you to come for me, this is what it is for me Rick When the late Ralph ran a quick channel for I had lunch with him and asked Let me put a thing in their mark because I'm going to break I don't want to rush through this because it's all about Bick I'm going to post a personal buddy, where we're not maybe even calling today, although, you know Not a good day to call in Rick, maybe he can talk me in a way The biggest time in my life I'm free, Joe, pretty old my boy, it's low Through the call as Oh, WQA, is proud to bring you the WQA at the School of Broadcasting Yes, you too, can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio If you follow our curricula, the course is free, of course you'll work for free Call 1-800-1-A, and speak to our director of education, Mr. Letty Marquez So, you want me a boy castor Oh, a boy castor, boy castor Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Wow, can you say news? News, news, news News, news How is my time to read it? You want a tool, you need help Yeah, we have Joe! Lord's Beginners, finished course Be content With computers Our own,uce We, we, we fish good Rewards With, we never remove Hey, let's go, ye surfing the rules We won't know what you mean We can't come as you call Go straight now Go straight now Go straight now Go straight now And now they hit we have to hike so much of them And I'll pin your books to and Painting 14 Okay, okay, after me And And Nah, that's what I want to do Okay, okay And And And And And And this woman's guilty And And Yes, it's the wonderful World of Radio Ah Radio Where you can hear your own voice Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your WET radio dreams come true I mean a 1.2 WED WED WED Tonight In the 560 WQAM Makefully Radio for the Enumalenium So anyway this article goes on and I heard about WETTICKY He shot says the charity work will go on the morning grind will not It's been 50 years enough has enough been there done that no more mountains to climb Shaw said adding that the radio business has changed greatly since he first signed on In 1956 at a small St. Louis radio station His name name Jim Hummel which he was given at birth In other words that's his real name which we all know that The stage name Rick Shaw came upon his arrival in Miami When I started in radio the sound effects library was on 78 RPM records The first part goes now it's compact disc he said Actually now it's MP3's a point that makes sure who does known the iPod chuckle Like that If he time it turned around it's new formats is Rick I've seen it all coming Go I got into radio when I was a senior in high school Elvis was coming on strong rock was getting up and learning to walk was What? Oh rock was a learn to walk I thought maybe he was And here I was starting my career incredibly said Shaw broke the Beatles to Southful listeners in 1964 when he was spinning vinyl on WQAM Oh my god when was the pop music station of note Meeting the fan for Jacksonville that Yuri says remains one of his career highlights I'm using these bowing out now that the Beatles are back on the charts with the new Manchup CD Love he's come full circle Says Howard Cohen Radio is facing massive changes with the implicit satellite stations Shaw once earned a record 54 share rating in the 60s rock and roll hey day And today's world with traditional and serious and XM satellite radio stations A four share would be celebrated It's another form of competition the newest form of technology The evolutionary process had worked someone figuring out how to do something better Shaw said I got in and out at the best time he said And that's the end of the article all that we tip our cat to your rookie your legend your good man Good peoples And he likes to show which you know And of course Howard Cohen left out his most memorable line of all time which was The lie I am not a that's it but beside 818 votes on a poll how do they like those cars so far after one day and that one call today 818 the calls are back what's your take i'll listen regardless take calls no calls if you just fart on the ear for for our Olison 289 that's 35% talk about loyal baby The callers blow 164 Time will tell 149 thank god they're back 123 big improvement 76 and i hate this poll only 2% I'm your 17 out of 818 votes Yeah early retirement sounds like a real winner to me especially when you're working for goofballs like these See i never knew that i was working for joysfitch i i never really realized that but as every day goes by more and more And i and i thought at this months ago that we have a you know We have a straw boss good guy you know jolly cordial And thus he asked it and powerless infinite very important guy So we're working for joysfitch and of course joysfitch is one of those people that nobody in the right Mind for any amount of money believe me there pay me a lot of money when when you're making this kind of money and you're thinking to yourself You know i don't i don't know i don't think so you know i'm saying just that does that kind of like some of it all up what he said I'm saying like Ralph redneck said when it's time you'll know You know i mean we're tired like that that's what i'm thinking Very seriously and of course especially when you're agent lawyer slash professional queen is like but it be better but about and you know And when our general man we're doesn't return his calls and he's going to do this and he's going to do that and he doesn't really ever I there's never any Period at the end of a sentence with him it always just kind of like trails off and goes on and on and on and like that you don't want talking about oh yeah your buddy Your agent also is matter. I know your agent provocative tour i'm sure i'll go far 567 to the door anyway for the next run 567 0560 pound 560 leave a rise in singular Wireless line very depressing week here a QM may as to post Thanksgiving blues Maybe it's the holiday blues or maybe this place is blows which are my kind of sound like blues You know let's see if those calls are as good today as they were yesterday. Let's see if this phone rings off the hook in a celebratory fashion Like that yesterday after these people have been deprived of their pipeline their bonsai pipeline of the show Didn't write me what do you mean i don't know WQAM I see there's a good one right there WQAM hello Yes sir What before it this one tonight went up the golf swing yesterday at a couple hundred bucks in my wallet Yeah, well I waited five minutes and one myself 1,250 Our route excellent good job pal. You got a good machine mine very good machine good and it's a very beautiful place inside there's nothing wrong Except one flight problem no ATM's and no free drink Yeah, and sounds like a real joke to me typical floor. Okay good luck don't spend it all one place No ATM's no free drinks in like that. Well, maybe that'll change. It's the floor. No how's it gonna change? I don't know things change that we have our new gay governor coming in next in January. Yeah sure. Yeah sure. He'll do like to have a good drink very typical Florida way not slow not fast just half ass typical Thank God. I'm not there. That's all I want to say to you right now. Thank the Lord. I'm not in that in sufferable place 567.0560 we're taking lots and lots of calls again today so that maybe these people change their attitude about the calls Bro, which is basically seems to be winning today other than an innocent regardless which were very pleased about that aren't we oh yeah WQAM hello Talk to Neil please speaking Neil yes sir Wow, it's me first time first time calling you I've been using two or twenty three years and they were called in Oh, right good comment on your mental health through that sex line On to see if you could place them a mobile to one to hear of purple veins 567.0560. I forgot about that category when we were talking about what the call is about the request The pull crowd. Oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh my God. I got one for them pull I got one for the relapse Right, hey listen whatever they want they wanted we took that pull last week overwhelming the one of the colors back And we got the one guy at one 1250 bucks ago stream and then we got this guy that the never called before and made a bad move today. You know, I listen nobody's perfect Once in your lifetime you made a bad mistake, pal. And they just don't do it again Poetful veins. It's coming up after the breaks matter fine sure what it Hey listen, it's all request Tuesday Now, seriously, these people are the most ungrateful the most annexed unacceptable bastards. You do a 1250 10 years of battle with these people It's a constant never ending battle like we're the enemy where they evil doers. We're the bad guys. You know and And And Joe Bell had a he didn't realize it yet a great line about like you know, you don't ask for anything and I said yeah, and that's what I get So it's perfect. Yeah, perfect match. I asked him for nothing other than maybe you could pay it on pay day and other than nothing and that's what we get nothing just to put up the ass Thanks a lot, Joyce, and by the way, I hope that your tumor grows rapidly Stations, dams for nothing. Yeah, what's up? This is Marcus Vick. Follow Virginia Tech and soon to be NFL quarterback Have you heard about the hottest new dance in the ghetto? Oh, well, yeah, do me one favor, baby Lay on the ground. Uh-huh. No problem That's close stop What the new dance is called stop you lay your holes on the ground and stop on snap Stop Snap, I said it's called stop Stop that's right, baby. This is Marcus Vick saying stop them home Oh, yes, not I forgot to forgot what I was gonna play it tonight. Oh, yeah, I was gonna play playful veins And where to hello, huh? Oh, here it is You're gonna play now, why not? Good point. Well, am I missing something? I mean, well, oh, well, the way you said that I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know why They hate me, oh, why they always hate me, it must be because I don't know where it is, but I don't know On my arm like a ramic now, we have a luck or what I got me and John my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I went empty holes, but that's no mean that I'm gay if you think my arms have had you order see my legs I might as well keep on swozing shave the show little glass the next time I'm raping him I can go to a surgeon, but that is really shivers. I would not want the walk I'm looking like John Rivers Where am I? I buy a vest, the fat little freaky, I did him a favor now we can't afford the meat The reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up any can't play connects Somebody talk over there, nobody talk from my rap. I wrapped a new talk Look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't no swear, I'm a ding-dong teddy man, I'm really dead I'm higher, anyone I want, I know dare, but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair I get higher myself and even happens to the grease, Westwood would send you get out of here, or else we break your legs So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gents I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a coward, I'm a speckin' a license, I'm worth the heck, I'm worth the等's, he's nothing for theNEYKENS. What a plan, of course. I'm sure he said it in a very deep voice. When it's time, you will know and may the good news be yours, Rick. Wow. Ralph Redneck, man. There was a legend he's didn't. I remember him. Do you? How could you not? And what? When I was a child, of course. Oh. I saw him at Windixie shopping one day. Ralph Redneck. And I never went over and said, hey Ralph, how are you doing? I watch every night you've altered. I didn't say that. Both in Windixie. We were both at Windixie. Wow. And those days. That was before the story got dirty. The calls are back. What's your take? 861 votes. I'll listen regardless 301. 30 just under 35% right now. When it's time, you'll know. The callers blow rhymes with, you know, 180 to callers blow 180. Time will tell 156. We'll see. Thank God they're back. Come on in 30. Big improvement 77. And I hate this pull only 17. And mere 1.9%. That's mighty low rhymes with blow. I see that there's a story here where the hell is it? On CNN about the kid and four of them got bashed by the, we'll get the story. Of course, why don't why am I worried about these damn bedtime stories again? See, it's habit. To your fault. I don't. Where is it? I don't apologize. I beg your pardon. I said I don't apologize. When you should. Shouldn't you apologize Josh because Josh told me that nobody his age would listen to the show when I was reading those bedtime stories. And that was you said the other day when Joyce was out taking a George. I mean the other way around. Wow. It's a little spin off, but close. Yeah. That's pretty, well, what do you mean by that? I said a lot of people my age liked the callers. That, that mean that they wouldn't listen. No, that's not what you said at all. You said nobody your age would listen to some old fart line radio radio radio radio. That's exactly what you said. And of course, that was before the envelope showed up. Then once the envelope showed up, oh yeah, everybody I know loves your show. Kissy, kissy, sucky, sucky, you know. Who the hell are you kidding? Eight hundred and sixty feet votes. The poll is okay. And then there's nothing, you know. I'm not saying that there's a problem with the show. And we're still kicking some serious smelly asses for as numbers generally speaking most months. But the bottom line is who the hell wants to work for these people, you know? You know exactly what I'm talking about. Oh yeah, I'm not going to say. I mean, these people are to radio what Hitler was to the Jews. I mean, I don't think that's an exaggeration. No. These people are to radio what David Duke is to dark folks. He says, it's just their, their evil. Their evil doers is your president would say. And we're just, we've been single about it. Maybe because we're not the sports crowd or because we don't kiss their ass or maybe a combination of these things. And we're the evil enemy. And so as a result, Joyce will do anything in her power to us through with us. And it's one thing to come in and do them a good job with absolutely nothing with equipment that doesn't work. They're not that I'm complaining you understand. Right. With stuff that never works down there, always would like a bunch of crap. But then to have to jump over hoops, through hoops and over hurdles to try to like do the show every day. It's just not, you know. You know, you're alone when it's time. You know what I'm saying? Famous philosopher once said that. Uh, you know, when you're at time. WQAM hello. QAM. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I am one one and the lightest. I would say static, but that's probably over the edge. The call to back. Yeah. Uh, they add to me. They add so much to the show. Uh, even though I don't call regularly, I call now and then. They, they're part of the comic relief. The criticism you give, that's the argument, the events that back and forth. I mean, someone really had the panteria, the panteria, the panteria. The panteria, you have with him, the criticism, tell them people, put your teeth back and him out. And things like that have always made you bust that laughing loud in the car. And a couple of things about it did write your letter about the show because I found the bedtime stories like what we're like, what running out of my ears. I just, I just just listen to it on a show to all of the time. So last two days, so when I found out that the call is about the radio is on, it's 10 o'clock in the morning and it's on so two o'clock. You took the bandage off your earlobes good. So I really, I really think they had something to it and I'm glad to back. Okay, thanks a lot, Pally. Okay, bye, bye. Okay. When it's time, you'll know eight hundred and seventy votes. Well, he's the end. And these people, they want a few yucks is what they want. That's what the public wants. I don't always said that. And only one for mucker. A little chuckle on and of course we can't play any of the funny stuff anymore, but that's beside the point. That's because of a choice who should only rotten hell rhymes with Joe Bell. He's thinks he's swell. By the way, thanks to Ever Factson that really good pull about guy shaving their chest here and it's a good pull and maybe we'll take that one tomorrow. That will take to be tarman pull on a Thursday. We're tired. You know, I think it's something to a consider now. And then of course, what do you guys do at that point? Uh, so I can't hear the whole world on my back to rest of my life. I would just think of that. Or dot-ering old fag with bad blood sugar, diabetes, you know, bad is a cow right now because of that place. Have like, have a great time. How's that? Take what you told me. And that call from Amsterdam when I was an Amsterdam that time. Yeah. Continue having a good time. Absolutely. See, I wonder what this man was talking about. Come to fight out that his wife had just walked into the room and he's on the floor with me belly aching about the fact that she, you know, she trapped him in like getting her pregnant again. And what is he going to do? Oh, do you know, like that? Oh, continue having a good time. And yeah. You should have said, I can't talk right now. The bitches in the room. That would have been very subtle and probably, you know, it's not your problem. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon singular wireless line. That last guy, he was good. He was a good guy. He's very excited and excited for calls or back in spite of your negativity. See, that's a problem. They show us surrounded by too much negativity. Most of it coming from Naples. Yeah, from Joyce from that bitch. Hey, Joyce. WDQAM, hello. Who am? Yes, sir. Oh, I'm Neil. Yes, ma'am. I want to hear a long time female caller. One of the screen two days. That's pretty heavy duty for this audience. I've been listening for a long long time and I was telling them, they'll find a fine. And he said, you must love the bridge tender. And I said, never heard the bird. And he said, if you call me, I know you will play the bridge tender for you. Sure. It's coming up right after the break. It's long and it's pond-eric in this one. My one good call in 30 years. Okay, great. Thanks, Neil. Have a great day. Fuff. Okay, see there you go. I'm easy today. I'll play whatever you want. Kills him good time, right? Sure. And why did you go, hmm, like that? See, do I mean, guys, negative three minutes and about. We're surrounded by negative three minutes. I mean, of all the things they could request. What? The bridge tender? Well, what else could they request? Poiple veins with you on the comb? Sure. How about Jack and the box? Oh, yeah. Let's get that on right away. And then what about young Neil? Don't forget that. Of course. Several times. 19 to 11 at 5.60. We got mad dog at two Jim and which power hour with Hank and the mad dog. It says on the schedule today. I'll be between four and five. Hopper five to seven. Then we got the panther preview at seven or five. Any interest? Oh, panther's at the Montreal Canadian seven 30. At least you got the names of the teams right today. And then we got, oh, wow. But to Josh, what's his name? He said today. Currents are Curtis Dero. No, he's not. And the reason being that we got Hurricanes basketball tonight. Of course, it's on AM 940, which we don't even own at station. It used to be WINZ and it's a Ramerican. Now it's just one of our farm stations. What an embarrassment. Hurricanes warm up at 9 on 940. U.M. at Northwestern basketball. The ACC Big Ten Challenge on 930. And then that continues. Slop's over back to QM after the hockey game finally gets over. And then A.G. at a K after all that. Wow. Claraces off for another one of those silly U.M. basketball games because he's a silly person. Okay. For we're radio is what the news war is you. Real American A-hole. Real American A-hole. We salute you. Mr. Pullout in front of me then slow down guy. Mr. Pullout in front of me and then slow down guy. You pulled out of Chili's fucking lot like a pad at a hell. Only to bring traffic to a screeching halt. Get a freaking move on. Yes, I can read your bumper sticker. And I want to strangle your honor student. You're a-hole-hole-hole. Your goal for cutting me off is matched only by the excruciating noise Belching from the exhaust system of your viewing. Not gonna be a lot more than a hundred. Sure. Twenty-five saves lives. But it's your ass on the line. When the hum deep behind you decides, it's go-times. Ah! So we salute you. Mr. Pullout in front of me and then slow down guy. Your dashboard Jesus. Your practical top and your bongo. You are a real American A-hole. Ten forty seven at five sixty-w-dqa-m. I just got an inspiration to keep on going. You know what it was on our my space page. You know that's really neat. Thanks Miguel. It is a neat resource. If you'd agree. Well, just why just found on there. Because my thing is I don't know why. Because I have the time to do a dispersion of that. I'm not the remellies 80 million bedtimes to But my old friend Jacob from the panther games. I'm sure it's the same Jacob. How many Jacob's could there be? Why is there that the diamond revolving on that thing now? What is that? Sorry. I clicked on his message there and now there's like a diamond revolving on there. Like a diamond in the rough. Anyway, there's Jacob who's like, it must gotta be the same guy. Only the picture of me is like a squatting on a rock out in the mountains like out west somewhere. And it's like from a long distance. So I can't really be sure. Plus now Jacob is 32. Which I think when I knew Jacob at the hockey games would he been more like 22 more my age. You know. I got his picks. He'll probably have some more of. No, actually I can't because then it says you must be logged in to do that and Baba Boven to go out to all that. Which I'll do that later. I'll do anything to get to Jacob. But he's 32 now. I'm sure you don't look as good as you do, but nevertheless, nice hearing from you Jacob who moved to Lakeland now he's coming back. I'm going to show you how bad it is in Lakeland to come back to South Florida. Wow. Love you, Jacob. Literally. Trust me when I tell you. But nevertheless, he never denied the votes on the pool. So that's that's just something right there. You see right off the bat on at my space page. And we have 794 members of friends, spectacular. Which according to Josh is beyond spectacular for an old-footied out-of-touch old-fart flag like, right? I'd say South Story recently. He's thinking about retire. I don't know. It's something to think about, you know. I really haven't thought about it real seriously for ever. You know, I mean it goes through your mind just like suicide at times, but this place, this place can get you to do one of the other. Suicide and a retire, which is a suicide kind of takes you're a both. Well, don't do that. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. Just not a spite to them. Just not a spite to George. I'm going to live that big. Right. Make the best of what's left of your life. Wow. Man, oh man. Talk about an uplifting comment. Make what you messed up once. We only got a couple of years. You left or so. That's bad. That was a big one. You screwed you. What do you got to do with it? I'll outlive you. I'll have a behavior with your own. Oh, it's inner. Whatever you got. I got stress. When you go to the doctor, I got stress. Let me tell you right now, stress kills and it's going to kill me. And in my case, stress, I, you know, there are two kinds of stress. There's something that's so extreme that I lose my appetite altogether, which is really bad. I can't throw the mic off. And then there's the George Cantron to mic off because the equipment screwed up again, you're okay. See one thing about Joe Bail, he'll listen to you. He'll agree with everything you say. And then nothing ever gets done. You know, there are things you did get done, which I think I'm very much for. Is going to my paychecks on time and even a day or two or three every time. That's good. Although that shouldn't be like any kind of a magic trick. You know, to get paid on payday, that should be like pretty automatic for real company, which leaves these people out. Hey, if all new people over there in Naples, the beeslies, I just want you to know where Andy and have been for a long time. So when you hear the F word in the S word during the break, over the commercials a lot, that'll just be me talking to Josh with the mic on. Oh, well, there you go. In other words, they haven't done dancing about it. I go in there. I got the S. Yes is talking to each other, which they hadn't. I go in there right now and I take my pants down. P. Red on Joe Bail's desk. I would I'd pee a big puddle right there in his desk. I'd rather watch you to call off the end right down to his panel to me. It's probably he'd say. I George you're funny guy. He would. Because that's just him. He means well, but he's a paper tiger. Like Tony the tiger. Well, he's not quite as plastic. Eight hundred ninety nine votes on the pool. The callers blow 189 to 20 a.m. percent. You think that's the real Jacob my good buddy. That cast to be. I don't even know them all. I mean, heart barely even know who the hell he was. Just one of our listeners from back at the hockey games. Back in the day, you know, when we had living in breathing people under the age of a hundred listening and we weren't like I've just doing all sports radio. Although maybe it was during I don't know. And look at that full and man are those phones on fire or what? No, nothing. See, we got through the whole four hours yesterday, which kind of shocked all three of us. Nobody really believed that the audience could keep it up for maybe they took their uh, sea Alice. Yeah, well, they had walls. They what? You had to, you know, light a fire under a couple of times. Well, I've taken the volcano under right now. Maybe that's what Jacob was sitting on there if I'll can. Maybe something was about to blow. 560 50560 pound five 60 squat not it pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM hello. Hello, I'm not gay, but I like torpedoes. Yeah. Yeah. One of your people when you're proud probably you're an off the internet. No, not one of my people. One of your people. One of your people. The other parkers along with the first part. I'm saying like that. 905. Well, I'm telling you one thing, just like yesterday by 11 o'clock will almost have some votes. Our goal today is to get to two o'clock. That's our only goal. We're not going to pick any numbers anymore. That's juvenile and childish and pointless. And why bother with that anymore? What was the what did we get like 1700 or 16 at least during the show one time? When you when you you weren't even there when that happened. I'm acknowledging it. You talked about it. Right, Josh. It was like 17. Yeah, it was great. You weren't even know what I'm talking about. He would agree with the series. What do you mean? I was there. I remember you were there. It was part of your life. Just like that idiot Paul at the, oh, I was on your show and I and see I'm a part of your life. Get lost. You idiot. You creep. These people these clingsons. I'm a part of your life. Oh, God. Maybe that's why I'm going to blow my brains on. I don't think I'm going to blow my own brains out when I'm going to do this. Come down there and start shooting a whole bunch of people. I got a list. All right. And in fact, the list is getting longer by the day. You know what I mean, Joyce. It's getting longer by the minutes matter of fact every day. WQAM hello. Good morning. Glad to speak to Neil. Please speaking. Who? Neil Ruttis? No, Neil Down. Yes, sir. What can I do for you? You're so cold. I like the call. I used to listen to the throttle out radio when you would do in the bedtime store is the calls are funny even the bad ones are funny. That's correct. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. And I hope you enjoy your dirt nap. Look at getting brick calls like that all the time. Yeah, I'm sure we take a lot of them. It gets them old. I'm using on the phone like that. Those are funny. Oh, yeah. There are funny people. Just take a look at him. 567 with a big ears. You know in the buck teeth. 567. 0560. 556. Maybe that's why they don't go to the dentist for a week or because the dentist I want to see those big donkey teeth. Maybe they can't fix donkey teeth. I have it. It's good excuse for the brids. WQAM hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Nice to hear you, Joyce. Sir. Yes, sir. The, I'm just a witness like the wish you happy holidays because that's for the cake correct. Yeah, Merry Christmas to all our Muslim brothers out there. And to all good night. Okay. 567. 0560. To all our Muslim brothers. You're looking to start something, man. You an Ojo on provocative tour. Make no mistake about it. I can smell one a million miles away when those guys like that. Looking to start WWW3 or some kind of crap like this. He's an Ojo on provocative tour. No doubt a booted. So for Becca's in Asia now thanks to Stephen Harper and a bunch of real weak knee pansies in the house of commons here. Whatever the hell they call it. Wow. Voted overwhelming last night to go along when they came into the frogs baby. Oh yeah, Quebec nation sure. Whatever you guys want. Quebec nation. It's like saying Missouri is a nation and the South Carolina is a nation and Kerry is a nation. Never carry nation. Hey, Kerry. Rrrrrr. Put some loose down, honey. 1056. It's 56. That picture of Jacob revitalized and rekindled my life. Not as much as the naked pictures of Brady Quinn. Well, they're not really naked but they should be. You ever track Googling like naked the so-and-so naked or like yeah. Well, no I have other resources. Oh, maybe well, maybe I should try your other resources because they're not working for me. Happy to help anybody. Naked hook you up. I got the inside line on. Do you really? Whatever it is if it's out there if it's if it exists anywhere in the world. For example, the brand new pictures of Brittany Spears C section scar and all points out. Look, I want to lose some weight but I'm at that desperate. Okay. Not that anxious to start right now. The exact same thing. For example. Four minutes before 11 o'clock at 5.60 WDQM, a very painless first hour today. Time to retire. You'll know when it's set time. That's a great. That's a great line. Thanks a lot Rick. I always knew Rick Shaw was a good friend. You know what? I don't think he and I ever like had any other than on the phone. The rubbed elbows. Well, I think it's often games years ago. He said me a few rows down below me there and he would turn around and wave to me and smile and I'd wave back and I was as much conversation as we ever had. Except during a sensational call to the show. Thanks a lot Rick. You're an inspiration to what's all especially to me because like Ralph Redneck said. And you know the sales department, I thought you were going to get that jackass in there this morning before the show but you didn't do it to do. I did not. Why not? Which one? The sales manager. That's the one that's the one that absolutely refuses to get as people to do like copy and do stuff. You know, there's me being a pain in the ass again because these people don't want to do their effing job. That's the reason why. Okay. Very simple. They don't want to do their job. And that's why they resent and hate us because we're like radio people. We want to do things like an radio kind of way as opposed to the QAM F in way, which is the wrong way. No matter what it is, it's like coming to a fork in the road. You know what I'm saying? What about fork in the road? No matter which way they choose, it's always going to be the wrong way. No matter where they're going. It's always going to be the wrong way because it's the QAM way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Joe Bell returned to normal Ken's call and normal wasn't there. So he's gonna call him later I'm just keeping the abreast of all the stuff that's worth in phone tag crap You know, absolutely I'm keeping that thing against resolve with these people And I was just the same like a dog chasing its tail Pretty interesting calm here. It's too bad the whole thing didn't print out damn it the top 100 TV catchphrases Dole is number one homer Simpson though Don't that's didn't quite make the cut But that page that's gonna make it Sometimes it only takes a word or just a few to become immortalized in TV history says the stupid ass article on CNN's website The TV line cable network is compiled list of the 100 greatest catchphrases in TV from the serious water crunch I'd slightly son of and that's the way it is to the silly we are too out of crazy guys The network will air a countdown special 100 the 100 greatest TV quotes and catchphrases over five days starting December 11 You mark that down in your wrist. Oh, yeah We have found that television is such a huge part of baby boomers DNA that it makes sense that so much of America's pop culture jargon has come from TV So Delare Jones TV land president you know TV land. That's the network that's got the all the real old washed out shows where the colors all look like pastel The greatest number of moments 26 of them come from the 70s TV land identified nine moments from the decade Tenor from commercials 28 from companies including six from Saturday night live and alphabetical order TV lines list There's only three of them because the rest of them didn't print out, but I'll get them You want to hear the list okay, he finds he happy days. Oh, hey, you got dope and a All right I got to see I was surprised we don't have the the dough in here. You got it in there Josh. No, but I got How about one not touching your ass? That would be good. Yeah, I got that didn't make it See print let me track print it out this way. Okay, maybe it'll print all the other one It's not taking the one damn research and look it up themselves See this is the thing I've been spoon feeding them all of this stuff you think that since I stopped reading 80 million bedtime stories yesterday We'd have a big surge on our website of people reading what we got on they didn't When you think that no I thought the opposite I told you that they're lazy and you're right Well, you know too bad. It's there. It's free. We died and we do all the research Josh works as ass off to get those stories on there for you At least by 11 12 o'clock the next morning. Is that's how it is fingers right? Can't tell you where his fingers have been, but you can only imagine you can see well Fancy and that's the way it is well while we keep doing the same ones there. Ask now what you're configuring for you JFK What yeah, yeah people dropped out all the time and Plus it plus it's a TV catchphrase right that was a speech. I thought that was just an awkward led recipe idiots exactly God there's still for oh my god. It's gonna be several sheets. I'll wear one at lunch Baby you are the greatest jacking leason Baby you're the greatest good old jack he's still dead by the Bam oh no Emerald a gassy makes them use me a gassy in my assy Bam Welcome, Dano from Hawaii, Fibreau Steve McGurrett not to be confused with the jack my sweet lord If I'm gonna read you the The phrase or the word and then you tell me who was Okay, okay, come on down That's a rod rody from the Well before Johnny Wilson Johnny. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm feeling embarrassed not to know Johnny Olson sorry he's dead and so is Ron Ronnie Danger well Robinson that's the robot from Austin space Deplane deplane or they villiches a K.A. tattooed any Korean That's an expression denny crane from Boston legal. I don't watch that show number one on what who the hell's denny crane? I've never watched it either. I know Jacob. What a funny line Yeah Do you believe in miracles? No, you don't know that pagejosh on Well command dash because I don't know it Yeah, you got me al-Michael's the 80 winner Olympics when the US hockey team won a championship baby Do you believe in miracles? What's wrong with you? Yeah people say that all the turn Don't we did that right don't make me angry? The whole van with the incredible house. I was just saying that I know might boy talk about a fan show But we got a great one something never had me glad to play if I show it a bad theme song Elizabeth I'm coming Fred Sanford and I'm sure he's not the first one to say that no Maybe Prince what's his name? I wasn't Prince gonna love me. Yes, man We're gonna play it getting here. Jean is his clover. Oh, that's I'll leave it to be over. That's ward No, no, that's what's his name? What's the kid any haskell God will get you for that That's mod Good grief Charlie Brown Good night and good luck. Oh, what a bad movie. Yeah, that's an Edward R. Smoke at night John boy. I'd rather say good night Jacob That's all all the Walton's god John boy have you know sense of decency now see you're not gonna know all of us You probably should know because it was in that movie that bad movie good night and good luck Joseph Welts to send him a carthee have you know sense of decency that's what we always say to our management and a joys Wouldn't have been a course out for her answer is oh Let's see I can't I wonder if we have it in here Under bevious and but head No, we don't have bevious and but head anything in our in the DCS are you threatening me have that Wow are you threatening me yeah Anyway, that's the bevious and but head that we got on the list Oh the lot no I thought I had your moment of sin That's a joke wait Here right here Johnny Lane by doesn't know that deserves to be dead Here's Johnny tonight start just a bad dron any cars Hey now What am I can't say Larry Sanders show two I Do that Hey hey That's not rerun from what's happening. Hey hey hey Not to be confused with hey hey hey hey, yeah, it's rerun Holy whatever Batman that was a robin with those green tights. Oh, man. Mm-hmm Anyway holy crap Holy crap I a few watch this show I'd be shocked either one of you Frank Barron if everybody loves Raymond. Oh, I see you watch this show. I've seen it, but I don't remember that Hold me don't play that in living color right Home over the clown how sweet it is now when we already had that one Jackie police and what was the other one that he said Facing your I thought to the mood Alice was the famous line from that show well, maybe that's yeah people say that all the time to the right Alice people always seems days to the mood. Yeah How are you doing Joe it should be any from friends? I can't believe I hate the whole thing that was those were good spots I'll be the commercial the species spicy meatball. Remember that one too I know nothing Certain short-soulting heroes. I love it when a plan comes together You won't know that notable from the 18 I Want my MTV once you that could have been an MTV. I could it. Oh, what a good guess I'm Larry this is my brother Dirol That's the new heart. Bob New Heart sure bad. I'm not a crook. He's dead Richard Nixon I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV That's from those medicine ads right and which form in the 44 at I'm Rick James bitch Is that your final answer? Oh, it's religious Regist who wants to be a millionaire it's on 400 times a week and guess what it's going on Yeah, it got big numbers there. So let's put on every five hours It's big in a boat almost for about five minutes and then they killed it like everything else TV they killed it It keeps going and going and going that's the energizer bunny It takes a looking keeps on ticking and you have a baby don't know who did those spots either for time X John Cameron's ways he who Jane you ignorant slut Saturday night Live Dan Aquar to Jane Curtin Yeah, those were the days baby when I was really a good show those They see there you go living in a past again, but in this case I happen to be right It'll have more on here in fact we can kill some really good time with an or just take a whole bunch of calls or both is the case maybe We have a It touched It touched My name is over in gen and I'm wrapping from the heart My enemy is family it might not those sunny parts So let's start out by wrapping that by Cartoon wife named Mars The only woman who'd marry me has here that's blue and large we've got our baby Maggie from her bottles She's next and our oldest daughter Rita What mean that And then compared our only done the cause of my fault home some people have it done Oh my time I have a real swinging cat with us tonight home a sense and party Anyway, it's 11 18 I reason I said anyway because I'm the right in the middle of printing out the story book camp X guards and there's charging boys death. Remember that story in Pensacola Anyway, we'll get to it. It'll print out just one more thing Columbo I mean who'd have whatever remember that let's be careful out there Sorry sergeant Esther I'll show three blues. I'm not gonna wait for cuz these are impossible. Yeah. Oh Let's get ready to rumble Michael Buffer He's still doing that crap. Yes. He is. Oh boy Let's get ready to that's Yeah, before we continue with these idiot things 7 former juvenile boot camp guards and a nurse have been charged with aggravated manslaughter and the death of a boy who was rough handling by the guards was videotaped a special prosecutor be seen today This is in Pensacola Martin Lee Anderson 14 collapsed on the exercise yard at the Bay County Sheriff's Camp in Panama City on January 5 Guard said the team was uncooperative and refused to continue participating in exercises that were partly camps intake processes He died early the next morning Pensacola. I wonder Sally Jesse was there to watch over the team boom kit boom camp Benjamin Crump Attorney for Anderson's parents was in Panama City with the family Tuesday didn't immediately return to call for comment Cadillac Joe Bell The boys death sparked protests in the state capital the elimination of the military style boot camp system and the resignation of the state's top law enforcement office So there you go. Let's get a whole bunch of calls in your day cuz the calls are back Although the audience is the colors blow 102 people say that almost 21% So maybe the audience the colors today will prove that they're wrong. You think that's gonna happen. No Why are you so negative to your our funny? Well, because I work here When the time comes you'll know as such a great line. Thanks a lot Rick Shaw whoever to hell you are 567560 56560 the Verizon and singular wireless line WQAM hello Oh good one. Okay, that's the this hours call Now you were right yesterday, but midway to show you said I'm never gonna keep it going all the way through which you were you were wrong about that But you're right in that the link in the last for long, you know We know the cars back. Okay. Where are they where are those calls man? That's the whole point. What's that? It's it's not that it's wrong to be taking calls on a radio show We just like to get some yeah, we like to get some that we'd like to have on a year See there's a two-part deal one we'd like to get some a number two We'd like to get some that have some in the same from a city one here that the same four-return right WQAM hello Yeah, okay put you in a could you put you in a casket? What that guy's really bad always with that same stretchy sound. Yeah, bad, but nevertheless WQAM hello 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line get the butterfly net. Okay get the butterfly net out How you doing now? Okay, sir. Nice to hear you nice to hear your voice Oh good, but then the the Richards in honor of Mr. Richards all you can eat me, or oh, please. Yeah, okay, right Uh WQAM hello QAM hi Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today great? Good. Um actually on the longtime listener first-time caller I was wondering if you ever went to a restaurant called the ginger man and I've never heard of it No, it was a jazz nightclub never heard of it I'm sorry I I guess I confused you with the one When was this Back to 80s actually oh back to the 80s yeah Man Wow, that's actually you ever take a leak at the third year in a pop at O park at any a T room on the sixth floor I never heard of the ginger man. I was never there. I wouldn't go to a jazz thing anyway in the first place So that can't stand jazz, but other than that back in the 80s. I think it means the 1880s I hear you're right the colors are the best you people are right live long and prosper Spot start right The rest of these are so stupid man. Just the rest of them as opposed to the ones you already Yeah, including most of the ones up making woppy bobby banks the newlywed game a really bad show and a really bad host with a stiff neck I get uncomfortable just watching him. He always holds his neck like he's got a Nick brace on or something I know I've said it a million times and it's true bobby banks bad show All that was one of what's his names shows Chuck Burris He's probably pretty embarrassed about that he probably went out and stole somebody for the CIA was so pissed off about it WKWM hello WKWM hello You know you're right we have to we have to get a hitman. We have to send somebody out We're gonna have to take care of it ourselves cuz then I can do it I'll pitch in I mean I don't know what I'm putting him on the air. He just it ain't gonna happen under my watch You know I'm saying I don't 560 560 pound 560 and he Verizon and singular wireless line Why would just put a direct line into Belle view you know like into the metal ward over there at the where's the in our Cadia not our Cadia where's the Not house oh Just there I don't know no seriously over on a west coast did see no idea. Oh, yeah, you do I do if I said it you know it. Okay WKWM hello Yes, sir True sure false This guy a Chris is being set up for when he's in power So bring out that sex scandal and that almost you know over into the Controls okay Woo Well, here's always our favorite line nine QM. This is Josh's line. Hello A deal whoever heard of a program directed to a play by play Josh Carol God what a loser Tell us something we don't know and by the way that game will be on thanks for reminding me the game will be on 13 60 9 9 40 And of course he's gonna make something schedule. Don't look at us. We only give the misinformation that he passes along to us Just like the Panthers in the Washington Semiturized Friday. This kid is so clueless and so far You know from reality and it just you know Joe Bell is basically said here you you handle it. You know what whatever it is you take care of it Because Joe is too busy just being a nice guy and I'll just be an agreeable and go into lunches stuff like that What did I tell you long time ago way back in January? I think a judge not always but generally speaking more often than not way better than me that's for sure that is correct When I met Jacob for the first time at that panther game I said to myself now there's a Fine young man. I'd like to get to know a lot better, but never happen, but I knew it and then he winds up on my my space page see that of these old and Whatever 32 is an exactly what maybe he's still looks pretty good. It's hard to tell from that Did you look at our my space page? I have it lately. Well, why don't why not? I know you're not interested in Jacob Ray the guys on here, but it's just the point being maybe to some hot chick on here But I do look at it periodically just not lately Well, you should look. I'm going right now go to it right now Of course, it only take about a half an hour for the connection to get up on that thing. I know and down below there where it says Neo Rogers friends comments That's why I drew my attention because there's some young lady there would look like what the nurses outfit on or like you know some kind of a medical Get up and she says I'd rather listen to sports than these colors the colors suck or whatever she said and right above that there's Jake, but anyway It's a long this you see what I'm saying Until what he looks like he's a million miles away on our rock Out in the mountains somewhere. Looks like in California, doesn't it? I Can see what Jacob wrote but the images But we got that news wire coming to kill him remember those days parents given us that song and then so we're gonna have a new I've got a I've got a I've got a 16 Coppola Was in the group nerve on a man. I don't like them complaining you to me Shit you had to let's the albums I had money hit record. I was the mop top on top of the world until I'm out of the group and got shot in the head Hi, I'm Mama Kass Avoid the ham sandwich. I'm Karen Cooper. Do can I have I Shut the f*** up How you doing Kurt? I'm buddy. I'll have you seen my glasses. Hey Look at all these other place cards at my table Keith Richards Sinatra and all of the black crows. Yeah, they'll be a few that drummer fellers from definitely a target or something like that 1132 is some really interesting beliefs in that bit by the way 9-8 9-8 9-8 9 will be a thousand and no time at all just relax. We got that thousand-lic man. So we care about Ain't it sure 567.0 560. Let's get a parade of calls going here now Let's do a five-year lightning round. What do you say? Do it? See, it's not that I'm interested now. I've already told you this as far as I'm concerned I could do this until I croak. It's fine with me like in about a week, you know But it's just that working for these people is not It's just it's just become too distasteful. They don't say oh, do I know what you're saying It's here come too much of a battle. You know, it's like it's like where at war look You're making it worth your while What does that mean you know some of us have the pleasure of a working here for no money? Right and taking take the same amount of crap right or more to show you whether you make it a lot or a little Same effort 560, 0560 pond whatever that means I don't know what that means just to try to make you feel a little better even though I know I won't that's why you're inside your twisted twisted kishies baby. Don't we have a bit called twisted kishies? I think we do yeah Oh, that's coming up. Don't let me forget about that Dominic you weigh in hello Dominic you weigh in hello Dominic you weigh in hello oh Wow Holy moly it's not the life they were like inside each other's body parts. I think they were wow WQAM hello Hello Yeah, he's back to it. Wait. Wait. Wait. Yeah. Yeah, you never wanted to get some speed therapy okay, schmuck Get some help Maybe you could go on a Christmas and show them they could talk together about politics WQAM hello How you doing I like a little balance a little bit of call a little bit of stories you're doing good that even the crazy calls are entertaining man Just letting you know do you think Watch cocaine cowboys I got to do that Cocaine cowboys yeah new movie Really I got to have me by holiday that guy's there. Yeah cowboy movie. No, it's about you know fun times down here Fun times down here is that like an oxy moron? Okay times in South Florida you know in the 80s with the cocaine Oh back in the East but I was eating that's a gingerbread man. That's right when you're eating the gingerbread when I was taking a lead to the fourth yearinal from the left By the way for those who are keeping track my lucky yearinal is the middle one at the front t-room at woodbind It's my lucky yearinal remember I was talking with Hank about that when we did those stupid That's across over there for awhile now do you have lucky underwear? No, I do not have lucky underwear And that's a good point though. I should start thinking about that these when I had a good machine What I should do is take that pair underwear like you know and worship and put them aside separate or maybe not even Worship just where all the time like some of those slums do out there Some of the slime that comes in on the bus. Oh Remember that fact we had the other day about somebody smells of the new new casino or Gulfstream the sights the sounds and the smells of Prune world we have a thousand votes How do you like that A textlet speaking of these sounds of prune world while I can't just sitting here on the edge of my seat waiting for the next email from Norma Kent Aren't you excited about it WQAM hello WQAM hello Hello, Neil Chavez WQAM hello I Always like Go go sing in the turlet, okay? You'll put your head into bowl and sing face face down be good WQ I think he's auditioning QAM hello Yes, sir The what oh Yeah big like kind of a Year back and forth yeah, I'm looking for him. They're passing the phone back and forth. They've passed it around and the phone to When we the first time WQAM hello Tell you about the birds WQAM hello I have that was rich shot by the way doing the adjuaclake and adjuaclake and I wonder if duaclake and is kind of clay And I sure hope not for his say the birds in the bees remember that duaclake and mm-hmm What here no let me tell 155 votes on the pool and a colors man so far the audiences and two enchanted with your performance the calls are back what's your taste Am I right? Oh yeah, I can Akin Like say akin I'll listen regardless yet in 52 when you take calls you just fart or through a megafaun The colors blow 26 that's 24% and getting worse by the minute callers blow Time will tell 188 time will tell Thank God they're back on 150 big improvement 91 and I hate this full a mere 18 Over a thousand thousand five votes 1.7% hate the poll today. Well, that's good. They're in a better mood Which I could say the same Not a good idea to come on here and start building it in about wow You know and nobody wants to hear your problems. It's just like at the casino. Oh, do you have losing five hundred dollars? Obviously there may be I'm losing my ass and some smuck there. Oh gee, I'm down for you. Who cares? Okay? Go tell your problems to somebody else go get a crying towel Go on the back and the pee on the trackers so they get out of my face God nobody wants to hear other people's problems. We all got our own problems our own issues. Nobody wants to hear it So let me tell you about Joyce. I'm sorry W2QAM hello W2QAM hello Hey, nearly are you doing this? Okay, sir. I Was thinking why don't you guys start seeing these calls man is that for that help for what no? Okay, well, well, it's just green to call for what purpose now because you get all these idiots Collinant I'm thinking maybe you have Josh who's not doing anything You know you're doing these ideas eating these and they're eating free food man. Don't be interfering with his lunches I'm saying You're on a so-called management now it like like after all these years like we need instruction how to do a Call-in show you screen the calls and it's the same crap Yeah, but at least you would we put on these idiots on the air and that's the reason why they're calling Let me say it again It's the same people okay, do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying they call in? They'll say the Joshua ever be screened the calls. I'll can I talk to you please like a very normal person and then as soon as you punched the button Like whatever you know like that That's the way it works. I mean they may be stupid, but they're not that stupid. Okay? It's just like Joyce all over again. Well if you guys would just screen it out we don't want to screen the calls. I don't want I don't enjoy screen the calls. I like to and spontaneous you know I'm saying spontaneous just pick them up live All the other shows screen the calls. Yeah, oh, let's talk to Ed and Pepper Pond that that is there is so Passing and it's like white bucks and again, we need real instruction on the show how to do a show After all of these years not loads big numbers and making all these Indians at all those for these grave robbers I need somebody to call in and I'm not talking about the call. You know he had good intentions. He's just a puts one of your people No, no, I beg your pardon. I said I know But the bottom line is when we get it from these man it like like Joyce like she knows about radio She would know a radio if you took one of those big old floors of those Philco floor models and shove the whole thing up or actually would know a radio There only problem is she's running in the company. That's the problem and we got a general manager who talks a good game And it's a good guy, but he's just a little weak just a little on the weak side This is the end watch for radio 560 Yes, sir, yes About what about We're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth Okay, okay Regulated by the nine is core of engineering that can keep no I knew that I wouldn't have been asking say but that I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay Well, I'm saying sir is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways over one Waterway, yes, sir, okay, okay, yeah, so it's up to them to decide What time yeah, the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic? Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir I'm telling you the thing come up with a time. Well, what it what is the time? I believe it's that wish hour times sir That they are not open to marine traffic another map. They are open to marine traffic So in other words any slip with a boat can come along and backup traffic for the line Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Sounds like some kind of reandest all basis Tommy Pico Right exactly That it no, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do Thank you better know your law's Mr because you should don't that's right I want the bridges closed period okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch MTV and get the hell out of our lives I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia tunnel, okay? I think they all go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of our engineers. How do you like that sir? You sound like some stupid idiot Okay 14. No notice for that lady. I apologize that George had tried to talk me out of playing it I just forgot about playing it, you know You think she's too there? She must be oh, we sure hope say like I play that just for her and in 30 years there's the one really memorable call It's no Mr air stream, but it's the best we can do all we had a couple or the others that I put on that disc over there You know the tree lady wasn't all this stamp guy Yeah, okay said there was one call Yeah, and that's one every 10 years okay, so we extend for another 10 years love another great call. Let's do it 10 more years of this baby I'm just sitting and pumping out the hits See I find it very bizarre. I mentioned this to your buddy Joe about yesterday your close Companion and luncheon meat. I mentioned them yesterday I find it very bizarre that he on a one hand is One day talking a normal about extending my deal and tell him a hundred years old and then the next day Joyce's on a phone with normal like Like like a crazy person. Yeah, she should only seriously somebody should come along and take like a very sharp instrument and just slice her apart sell by sell 1,000 23 votes on a pool of calls are backwards you take well I don't want to read that only 2011 say the colors bro, but that's they're opinion, you know, I think the colors today been okay not great Yesterday they were actually pretty good for the first day right out of the box that's because we caught them off guard Never ever announced ahead of time What you're gonna do you know what I'm saying right because then the the rape line gets it going WQAM hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. Hi. How you doing? I I've been wanting to call you Awesome where you were taking calls. I'm so glad you mentioned Johnny dark one day and he's an old friend of mine from radio stations past What did you know him a dude eyes and David? Surveys to you that's right But anyway I used to see him a lot, you know, I'd meet him on the girlfriend lunch and when you guys Yeah, so I At IOD on the causeway He said he was I said oh please take me I want to meet Neil he said no, we got real like you talked about that Anyway, why is that and then he went country on me and I just wanted to tell you I never saw him again I wanted to meet you and he wouldn't love me a little teacher drop my name Yeah, I'm glad you're taking calls. Oh Well, thanks so much. Hey Johnny by the way next time you see me do does Well, I don't go there everything Does but I will if I see him I definitely say I'm talking about him where did they see was working somewhere Oh, he took his Johnny darkest still a kiss. Yes, or does I know oh my god he'll be coming in there for free lunching Okay, thanks, we'd have a great day. We'll mention your name boom. Okay, he'll say oh Johnny dark say a hole is what I'm hearing and he's okay But what I was really bad that he popped in and that's me being weak again see that's weak old Neil Uh-huh, but did that reputation to be a part of asking all another crap and he pops himself down here And so we like feed him, you know and then he decided he was gonna start showing up and he wasn't even working in the building at that time He was like working over at the enemy somewhere who knows where? Concerting with the enemy. I sure hope he's not still wearing or seen them plaid shirts though I mean people talk about my sloppy dress and my god. I'm a fashion complete a fashion complaint compared to him that's in plate No fashion complaint God same old flannel plaid shirts. Oh man Johnny. You know I'm the ones I'm talking about Did I actually see him an amster gamer? Oh, wasn't I supposed to that's right? I was supposed to meet him and I'm just in that time Member yes, I do I talk to him in a go in a European yet a great time and he thanked me profusely for a Tom to do it and all other crap never ran into him. No an amster him. He disappeared he vanished Probably found some hot chick 567.0560 pound five 60 and leave a rise in all the way. I tell you I did meet an amster and that time was muff and her our friend stuff Yeah, now can you believe what I did for that child this morning? Can you actually believe that I did that? I'm a shock to dismayed I mean you are a man you just made Oh, consider who what you said after you left the room. I didn't knock him I just said he's oh I'm not gonna be like I just mean to a lie for him. You know, I didn't say you knocked him Listen at this point at this stage of the game. Does it really make a difference? You know no I've been on the station for 10 years. Do we have any credibility left at all? I mean they don't even understand the word. It's not in there. It's not a lary It isn't in the vocabulary credibility of that we have any credit again All they know is give us the money baby give us the freaking money, you know Have my suggestion is keep losing all those millions on the marlins. That's a good investment so we can be the sports mavens See all of these stations. I've said this before I'll see it again. We went through the same thing in IOD All the least they didn't have 100 hours of sports programming on the air every day But they were just as sick and just as obsessed with the dolphin broadcast and with the canes and all the other crap, you know And probably lose money on them and to the same thing here across the street for Joel fibers losing his ass on the freaking dolphins And once they go in the skids again, which ought to be very soon then they're really gonna be losing my crazy And we lose our ass on those marlin games, you know, but it helps to make us the sports a leader or the sport Yeah, right It's one thing if you're like came away from saying Lewis and you got the cardinals and the blues whatever else you got all the you know local sports teams And you're making a fortune on it or WABC or the fan in New York, you know But when it's like a lost leader and then we then we have to try to make up the extra cash to make up for the minor losing on a marlin games And that's the way it works. It's always been that way hasn't it? Yes WQAM hello Yeah, sir WQAM hello 2am WQAM hello QAM hello Lily baby, yes, sir. I'd be too into your tour to ask hey what's going on guys? Yeah, yeah, we're from Hollywood and I just wanted to check in with you I voted to listen regardless but the calls flow man It's got a brief moment on a good call I'd like to ask you if you heard of this new film documentary Which came out a few weeks ago Called the obsession the movie Radical is my more against the West no no It's pretty good. I think you guys would enjoy it as just pretty much explains You know the threat of radical Islam and you know the common denominator between the Nazi movement and these Islamic radicals I think it's a right wing propaganda, but I think it's the movie you guys would enjoy it You're a little bit of a slumber phobie to me. I beg your pardon. I said have a great day Now speaking of people sending me a DVDs some guy named what's up with his name again Joe Joe mama yeah semi a DVD of a 9 11 documentary and and I was dying to watch it and I put it in a won't play Which one was because it just is 9 11 I see and it won't play huh It was from Joe mama Joe belt no not Joe belt Joe belt on semi nothing but grief Although it has to get my checks there on time. Nice going Joe good work man That's about the you know the limit of their cup that that's their capacity That's the most thing you can do is find to get those checks out good work only took me like nine and a half years to get that done Now they show up like clockwork now think you just leave us the hello alone and give us a little bit of ass Systems, you know, just a little bit But like you said you don't ask for anything and that's what you get nothing and of course even if you do ask for something It's still what you're gonna get nothing From these grave robbers, but they're on a stock exchange and what that reminds me what everyone We were a pack's in and they had the John Ford those stupid ass rejoins yeah Packs and broadcasting and you are a stock exchange Oh, and he just the way he said it was so idiotic he was a creative monster Yeah, you gotta half of that right lots of they told us Creative genius somebody cute way WKOM hello They are in yes sir Hey, we're running the bedtime stories. Yeah, does it have to be all or nothing? Because I kind of like the bedtime stories everyone so long. I'm interspersing a few you know, I mean I don't want to overdo it All right, is that okay? Do I have your permission to do that? Okay, yeah, that's it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, here's one What a story. Yeah, bedtime story. I Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani is Thompson a new pull measuring the likability Among registered voters of American political figures many of whom are potential 2008 presidential candidates Quinnipiac has released its latest quarterly reading voter sentiment about national leaders It which Giuliani placed first with a 64.2 mean score guess who came in second overall and led the Democrats with a Mean score 58.8 percent. Hillary no. Oh, thank God Barack Obama. Oh good Other prominent names in the poll John McCain was third with a 57.7 score Condom Lisa was first among women with 56.1 and fourth place Senator swallowing Clinton was in ninth place way behind and then coming house speaker Nancy Pelosi was number 12 that bitch Former president Bill Clinton was In crey interestingly Senator Giuliani would have survived the primary loss in the center race But one isn't independent place six in the Quinnipiac poll a boosted a lot of a recent rumor that he might also run for president in 2008 Oh my goodness Senator John Kerry perhaps still feeling the effect of his boss Joe Plasmum came in the last in the poll And every time we take a poll on who should be the candidate in 2008 John Kerry comes in dead last in other words he may not be good at least He's consistent This is pretty quick whenever I shave level I listen to the meal Rogers 12 for one hour 17 dropouts on a streaming but it's QA and what you expect On the first day of not a guy always my parents gave to me a picture of my family On the second day of not a guy my parents gave to me To think and trade over the picture of my family On the third day of not a guy my parents gave to me For me I wish to take and trade all the other picture of my family I'm not a guy I'm not a guy That's your fate On the fourth day of not a guy On the third day of not a guy That's cool my parents gave to me Well the coacher can't eat three of these shirts They can trade all the other things of the Dredal song No I made it out of play And when I wanted watching I brought the thing away No but that nice By the way On the fifth day of not a guy My parents yelled at me For one day of this country What you mean got one? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic And not watching candy Not watching tradeals Or a picture of my family On the sixth day On the sixth day of not a guy My parents made me see Everybody watched me Go back to the room I saw him every year In front of my parents made me see On the seventh day of not a guy Not bad My parents made me see Seven green tea rockers Oh Here's my world rich friend I want a Christmas tree I want a Christmas tree I want a Christmas tree Oh, this is a cut On the eighth day of not a guy My parents gave to me Nothing that I wanted Fennel dreamy like us If I were rich Where is my Christmas tree Now because you're candy Three every church Two singing traitors And a picture of my family For me Oh I got stuck Happy Echinuka Maybe Merry Christmas Happy Kowansa happy New Year And all of us other cucko-ri Twelve four five sixty Spigna cucko-ri There's the pole piece in the turkey Spigna turkey's Looking for reconciliation with Islam He wants to kiss in Echa He's so sorry they were offended But of course he meant every word he read Syracchios retiring That's the big news veteran DJ Rickshaw I headed for retirement that's a main stream news baby Great job Rick. I hope that through you a big bash And give you like a whole bunch of a parting gifts It's said it's so on like a big cat-alac one Nice Of course that Bob Hamilton the PD maybe even like you play some good music between now and January But I doubt it. Wouldn't that be beautiful? That'd be something You're gonna wait to go out like Like that No What? There's a big good song to go out to I wasn't thinking of the attention That's why I was shortly I wasn't thinking of the attention What when you got it? Yeah Don't need this shocking in the history of the business that ever had a push cart named after him I'll see that It's a pole fight You're gonna like this story. I don't want to get too intense with the bedtime stories But I do want to express a lot of calls because that's where it's at this week This is the phone call return week That's it a bunch now Okay, we'll take them all right now. QAM hello Hello Oh, that was it that was a member of our call. There's nobody on here. This thing is now. This thing's reacting kind of slow I'm gonna tell you what I'm looking at What do you mean by that? All kinds of airs double images I got all the technical issues in the studio there again Which is another one of many many reasons why we'll never do a show in order again And that memo because it's not fit for human consumption or a vocation or anything else It doesn't work anymore, but that You know that doesn't okay. So market down on your wrist at at noon on the second day Not of Hanukkah, but on the second day of our phone call return. That's when they ran out of material at noon Are you shocked? Neither should I be 5605 we want to call well, okay, well, call and say something. You know call go ahead We're inviting you. We're asking you to call if you have something to say I if you're like a mental midget We prefer that you just go blow your brains out if you could find any Pretty weak pretty weak performance by this crowd WQAM hello Oh Yeah I'm surprised me anything got better and that's single in my am okay radius have a good Okay, okay go go knock off joy is during your lunch hour do something useful WQAM hello Oh Yes, sir. Hey, how are you buddy? Very good. I'm a long time listener and I always enjoy your opinions in your show And I think you got a great life and we all want to be you. I do have a great life now you don't want to be me I'd rather be Brady Quinn to be honest here. All right, but you would Listen, I went to see arrow from at the other night. All right now we're talking from serious town some serious music Let me tell you a Stephen Tyler and Joe Perry the guitar player they never sounded or looked better They rocked out and the all the young people were bumpening grinding and it was just one beautiful thing Yeah, their timeless man they were awesome Unfortunately the bass player is sick he has stroke cancer and he's out But they said he's recovering and the band is just was great I know you liked them and they was just a fabulous I don't like them. I love them. Well, it was it was good Well, maybe enjoyed a pal a have a great life. Thanks buddy. See you Now see there's a good pop Not exciting, but a good call and he saw arrow Smith and the seaweed he said steamy tell him never looked better I would disagree with that Josh was there and Josh was there. Do you was a good? No, I agree with the caller they sounded great but they didn't play any hits I actually recognize I think three songs which is ridiculous considering they could probably do a two-hour show with just hits That they put out what what they say I don't know but I was with the young people that he said were grinding and my friends left And I stayed Waiting for you know like I I will agree that they sounded great But they weren't singing their hits for some reason. I don't know if they have new new stuff out that they were trying to push on people No, but people I don't want to go see some group and you know have them sing a bunch of songs that I never heard of before right That's what was going on like we're Nelson, you know and that garden party thing all over again Did I want them saying no What do you say people in Madison Square garden wanted to hear them sing all of his hits and he sang a bunch of crap Nobody ever heard of before a bunch of country music crap. Nobody wanted to hear and they all got pissed off and he were booing and hissing and And then he died What the was that Rick Nelson That wasn't Rick Nelson. It wasn't what wasn't it might have been the time the audio from that Tom Brady video. I'm about to forward to you Tom Brady video is he greeting hard at it Well, what time Brady video what are you talking about next and along a YouTube video? It's like a Tom Brady tribute video And I'll forward it along check you or even better than the one where I think the sector is sitting in the desk and he's squeezing her boobies net that when we already got on here From kind of a montage collage kind of thing good Well, you know top Brady's out Brady Quinn is in all oh times okay in my book. Tell your outlook express And if you end of that bears game the event. I don't know if Josh watch still a bit of end when the game was actually over And you know how the coaches you know Shake hands and hold it and then the players go in a you know they smooth around with some of their friends on the other team Right and you could you can tell just by looking at those guys how much respect they have for Tom Brady They love a man. They just love him. He's got he's just got a magnetic personality He's got that smile and all those are glowing teeth. He's like radiates it from the from the neck up from the neck down And that's a good Yeah, the neck up. I don't know if they love him, but yeah I'm not talking about love like physical love. I think they want to do him and that's all you know, man That's all you and your generation know is doing and doing and doing But suppose where's Jacob by the way. I do him Not anymore. I don't think I don't know pictures too far away now the picture ever like you'd ever see it Yeah, I sign no he seems to have stayed fit for what it's worth really well That's good that the high marks in my like like like Brady Quinn I mean he may have a little bit of a chip bunk head in those pictures because he doesn't photograph well Oh, you know if you want to see what Brady Quinn really looked like all the head It was watched the US. You know the name game on Saturday because just like Josh said yesterday's right They showed Brady Quinn from every angle upset they had a camera inside of them. That's right Oh, man. That was the one I liked Whoo that was heavy duty But at any rate. So, you know some people just don't photograph all that well They're not that photogenic But he's in pretty good shape and of course if you're gonna be a great big star college football player when the high's been trophy Then everyone draft pick which he's probably not gonna do either one of those who is gonna win the high's been trophy because I don't pay any attention to college football Probably choice man Ohio State quarterback Ohio State that horse ball team number one. Draw oh my god. You gotta be kidding me. That's a girls team I know the number one they beat me she didn't even after both shem back there See, bowl was trying to like put Michigan over the top he did his best, you know He gave it up for the old squad. You know what I'm saying? That's what he did to try to inspire them and for water. It looked like they really had it was a hell of a game I didn't see it though. I don't watch it Because I don't know we'd give a crap about either one of those teams and I was glad to see Michigan lose. I'm sorry mad dog. Sorry Just that Michigan State bitterness that continues. We just hate Michigan like poison Just like poison the freaking Wolverines But then again, they take it very seriously. We don't that's why we don't really care What about that Michigan State quarterback? What tells us his name drew a Do a picture what's his name stand stand right see? I'm glad just testing Now we're supposed to be like a big hot shot too. Well, that's what you're rosin house What's that yeah, well guess what do you stand and sucks and so does do rosin With She 1 I want to win you and me Don't let my life be with Well, they be wild Look at that cute You and she throw that to a life Baby with Not enough But I'm not enough Oh, what is this opinion? He asked this my spacing And you know, you read this just a thing and then you got to put a photo in there And all this stuff I'm not gonna go through all of that Go through nothing just a sign in with your email and password The one that Miguel gave you when he created it What are you talking about? He gave me squad So like I said, we'll figure that out I mean, I'm in vence something Okay, I'm in the work I mean, you know, I'm interested in seeing how my buddy Jacob is doing And if it's the same person's identity I'm not that interested, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You don't have to do no picture nothing You're good guy Jacob, but I'm not gonna go through all kinds of Acrobatics to try to hop on this thing Well, all depends of what I'm hopping on The calls are back, what's your take baby? This is the second day of this day, momentous time And a history of radio, Rick Shaw's retiring Neal is certainly thinking about our real serious Especially from this radio station anyway I keep checking my email to see if I got a message But I don't You're outlooked email Your outlook express, I said no Okay, I don't use it for that I know, but you have an inbox, never the last one There's something in there Oh, it's the Atom Brady thing? Yeah Why did you- Well, here's something in my inbox Welcome to my mice My space Very nice, oh you were like making an account accidentally And it's written right creating an account No need for that Because it's said in order to go on me a thing there You have to like sign in I'll get what your password is for Miguel and Yeah, find out what those are going on with this crap Okay, I don't want to do that I don't want to have no account, you understand? I don't want to communicate with some of these people Although some of them on the other hand, maybe I do Maybe I do Maybe maybe not So I got to check my outlook express Correct And how will my outlook be affected? Probably positively Well, that's good, I need that this week Very negative week, man, our biorelims are really down this week Because of a beastly broadcasting And don't buy their stock by the way, they suck WCWM, hello WCWM, hello WCWM, hello QAM Going once Going twice Last call, WCWM, hello Uncle Neo Yes sir I shouldn't say welcome back, huh No don't mind People been saying that last two days Haven't gone anywhere yet Well, I just wanted to call in This is a Julio That always pisses you off by saying that at least 50% of a Real Roger is audience or Julio's remember Whatever you say Okay, okay, you're remembering now I'm also the same Julio Told you about how two gods is always losing his ass Is it the generic gambler and he's always losing his ass What all means is something? I mean, you know, aside from identifying yourself And tell me what you always said in the past Which quite frankly, who cares? What is it you want to tell me today? What? I'm trying to tell me who you are Which, listen, I know I'm going to have a week call But for whatever today, I'm going to sit in like a glove I want to say it's great to hear you taking calls again Is it? Yeah, it is. Being honest about it, out here, you know, listen either way But it is better when you mix You do your legal, you know, DJ laughs Yeah, they have a call as much to much work man Way too much work can't handle it Oh yeah It's a blessing for these, for these bastards These, and I'm grateful bastards I'm going to sit here and do hours a day Pump it out bedtime, story, sorry, and sit here Talk to myself for hours Screw them man Screw them in the, both they came in on Yeah, just through a little mixing there And just kind of a mixing Mixing your shit and it's a good job Happy holidays and I'm very happy Okay, that's an awesome job I'll do that and have a great day Wow He was good Tell me that wasn't a great call That was something There was something I can't use the word on the ear Otherwise we'll get a joist You know, I apologize to myself for that For paying attention to these people, or at least to her I mean, who the hell is she to be making crap up, okay? We got enough problems with the FCC now There's a spot for Rex all There's a spot for Rex all gross tour That runs been running here for a long time for years TV spot And they show a little doll, there's a doll on there And they say, are you buying your stomach remedies From the same story by dolls and then the doll goes like that And cuts one, you know Yeah The idea being that Rex all specializes in whatever Grugs Grugs I believe me when you work for this stuff, you need a lot of drugs 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, but I'm going to have to get in the habit of pumping these numbers again Man, not that they're not ringing now, but it's just you're out of the habit You just don't even do it In fact, it's pretty pleasant WCWM, hello Hi, I'm your teammate, Neil Hawaoye Okay sir Hey, listen, I had to kind of get out of the car When you were reading that list about how possible presidential candidates were ranking Yeah So it was in terms of popularity and that is for us being a president Okay, it's popularity was going on at list and curious Don't got it Not on most Not on that list, all right, because You know, it's about carry brahmen now on that list And how he always does on your polls And I just think that Gore, even though he keeps saying, Gore is going to make a run And I think Gore is going to really have found his voice now Like nobody ever comes, you know, can really win it after they lost so close After a few years off, Gore found his voice a couple years ago Now dare the good thing Of the United States of America Through the mud of Saddam Hussein Culture president Yeah, he found his voice, the other one was a little bit too late Yeah, we all, we're that to say he did it at a good time Now he's got people back interested in him But it's not during his own election Where people will say that he freaked out And I think if you pair him up a baroque Obama You got one hell of a ticket And I'm just, I don't, I mean, you know, it's all wishful thinking Because I'm sure they're going to just waste each other's money Baddling, Joe and the government's going to waste money And Clinton's going to spend all our money And we're going to want up with some piece of junk But it's a piece of junk I'm speaking of the prime minister of Iraq There you go, there's a piece of junk right on my TV screen I don't even know, I've got a two quick questions one If I want to send you a George, we'll probably just George To have the radio station, a CD of my fan with a good close test music Hot topic, do I just send it to the radio station? Yes, I just put it to my name on it Put attention to George Rodriguez, Ojampovakka to Render, he'll get it Okay, I'll put it to the front, whatever QAM, it's kind of mail it up to the free of the station You can mail it whatever you want You can send it in a bottle, whatever you like In last thing, a technical question about the website Every time I go to vote, it's a page that shows the resource We'll not come up and says, I'm smart and I can't do it And I want to know that I do something wrong, my firewall or something Are you using AOL? No, I don't know, maybe Every time I hit both the screen comes back Maybe I'm not going to use something wrong I don't know, I already did it Do my says no, no can do Well, if I'd like to do a palio, we'll survive Okay, I love you See you palio, okay Maybe he's a schmuck, sound like you're not going to be there Send us a picture, sure And a R2 album So I'm better looking as an expert If I look at my outlook express, maybe it'll improve my outlook I just have to say in that I said a couple other things there, but I forget it was well back You did? Why are you using that thing now? I just use that to send Josh to a 600-bed time story So I know because I know it'll get there Oh 26 past noon at 5.60 WDQM, we got Mr. Man, which coming up at 2 o'clock Experienced at different cities, Ben's a pump, and o' during their winter event going on right now The all new 2007 Mercedes Ben CL550 is just arrived and joins the 2007 S550 To create an unprecedented driving experience And during the Mercedes Ben's a pump, and o' winner of an enjoy leasing finance Specials on C, E, ML, and R class vehicles Plus the motor trends SUV of the year, the GL450 Mercedes Ben's a pump, and o'er has got over 200 employees working their brains off Dedicated to providing you in comparable service Offering you convenience service hours courtesy vehicles and Complementary car washes for value customers too They even offer you a dealer miles to service their service customers as well Like I said, drivers that are in directs, but you'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles Or on the wicked web click on Ben's Pompado.com Experienced at different steering the big window of edits going on right now Mercedes Ben's a pump at i95 and copens road 1800 new Ben's Former city's Ben's a pump out wishing you and your family a Joyce holiday season 1800 any w of b n z The biggest name so best talent to this is real Roger At my junior honey The bathroom's filled, dropped it and turned in hell It's much too late to confess that i ride was just for oil We hope you die of this the rainbows You know you're pretty stinking old But you will never die so I will bow to nice refreshes and jump on the waterboard That your house at black water asshole And there was many of those and those who didn't know that was they were unknown To kill the Germans, a bathroom's at full concentration camp Your pentagon, I'm present you see, I've never been here Trust what bush on down, your failure in the streets All been juh Five by Johnny will really miss you not 1232 at five six you've ever become so timbrey looks really lovely there from the chin up like how we say got that dimple on his chin You know he looks so lovely I watched that almost the whole thing they're doing the thing about that brought it here to my fly But at any rate and who's that other guy under that dude thinks he's hot stuff What are they? You may understand me who's that guy? I don't I don't remember and the bikini bathing suit and the whole the other video. Yeah, oh, that was a that's a comedy You that's what the kind of fun things they do in Australia those much oh men down there. I didn't watch it. Yeah, it's another you tell me to come in Comedy can be for serious. How's I had a worry of much time Brady? This is right up your alley speaking a perversion How he hill Florida where does how he hill anybody know no sit over by Brandon Josh Yeah, sure why not no seriously where come on you are so negative. I don't know where it's at what you know I'm gonna google it do it You've got a chamber of commerce that will be a whole bunch of stuff here about Holly Hill Well when I read these bed to you give me Holly Hill Florida. Oh, I put a hoole Hill. Well, sorry. Hullio Hill. Oh, here's a map of Holly Hill. Oh, all come on springs It's north isn't it spot by Daytona. Okay, that's all I need to know somebody Daytona get rid of the map Where's Brady Quinn back again. Okay a couple is upset some of the community in Holly Hill by turning a rented river side house into an adult swimmers club Oh my god Police say they can't do anything about never ending bliss. That's the name of it so long is nothing illegal happens There behind closed doors and between consenting adults. It's operators receive a cease and these disorder from code enforcement But stop requesting a donation from patrons which made it legal Within an hour they removed any requirement of paying money or paying dues and the website has no advertising City manager Joe Fortay said the city did what could it would investigate but we determined there were no criminal violations Never ending bliss is described on a website as a very very clean Private invitation only alternative lifestyle club quarterly Daytona beats news journal Matthew early The number of the number of people who are not offering to club with this partner Nikki said about 20 couples ranging age from 21 to 75 Meet on Friday and Saturday nights in the 3800 square foot place which includes a dance floor where they pull Oh no, I have a pole dance floor with a big pole and everybody hops on it Maybe it's the maple. Maybe it's the gay pole. I don't know. I see no pole most time Brady pictures Well, I had his clothes on and all those pictures which is just as good because I can tell you from the chin down is not so high Nothing I get to have said it about but nevertheless 1120 people send a pole our pole. We got a big pole in the middle of our dance floor The calls are back what's your take now. Maybe I'm taking this pull too fast. I mean we can take it again like in a few weeks. You know assuming we're still taking calls assuming I'm still here Assuming we're all still here. You know the gangs all here who now knows maybe they're gonna sell this dump wouldn't that be great You would check for the rest of your contract. Yeah, they won't but Josh too The calls are back. What's your take 1123 votes? All listen me guardless 403 36% they'll listen a matter what we put on here Like that. They'll listen that for hours a day and find the most amusing and entertaining The colors blow 232 over 20% 20.6% say the colors blow well there you go Rams with blow time will tell two not 203 give it a little time. We'll see we'll see which way to win blows Thank God they're back 166 big improvement 98 and I hate this pole only 1.8 percent 21 1.8 Why'd they want to make sure they have a one 80 cross the street? Because at least they didn't have a one in front of the point eight They got some real issues over there. You know what's the dolphins going in another tail spin which won't be that far along isn't it in two weeks that they play the Patriots again. I believe So yeah Jackson bill is coming week which would be could be a loss, you know, I'll look I'm not that impressed with the Jaguars You know if they're like one of those teams Come see comes on anybody watch the Seattle game license against green bay anybody grew in me It's time we don't need 50 people in the booth first of all. Okay. You crazy people on ESPN did you watch it? a little bit of it. Yeah Why do we need you know? I mean I'm not knocking Steve young. He was a great quarterback and a lot of people say Whatever, but And he's articulating look old and long in the tooth now, but how many people we need up there? When I was watching the had Jimmy Kimmel in the booth. Oh my god. It's it's kind of like our morning show with all those of prefabricated segments trying to destroy those guys And that Tony Cornelor what he adds to the show and your buddy Joe size man every every time he made some observation was wrong every single time At least he's consistent and never shuts up But anyway my observation was it um, you know Bart star should have I mean parts star Brett far should have hung it up. Yeah back when Bart star was a baby. What do you mean he's like can't away from the record? I don't care what he's away from okay time to hang it up Brett Tired of him. I'm tear all his hearts and flowers. You know his daddy died a long time ago and he played in the game and you know hats off to Larry and yati out here But it's all over attention history, you know Because if he does break the record then it's often going to have to bring Danny back Which compared to what they got now be a big improvement when you think Compared to Joey Heatherton And I should be saying that because now they're all sold on Joey Harrington man. He's the hero now man He had a big game against his old buddies there and Detroit a team that couldn't win a fixed game If they if they started with a 60 point handicap, they'd still find a way to lose the game That's how bad they are they're unbelievably bad even George ain't betting on lions Sorry WC Williams Sports Central hello Hello, yes Hi, this is Jackie and Boris and Boca Retoe Hi Jackie how you doing good how are you great? Listen the reason I'm calling you is because I want to apologize I know my So I'm Do you understand anything that she's saying she has a retarded boy friend who's a crank color and he's in the background We're on speaker phone and he's yucking it up, but oh, I see you know I'm gonna find a long time ago. Okay, we should we would have told me that Oh Well, that's really good. Okay, in fact, I got a way to solve it. Okay, just pull out the old piece honey Do the whole world a big favor I could understand it then things she was saying was coming in now. That's because there's only old speaker phone and you sitting back there Dance down the neighborhood Wow cranking out a batch no doubt 1100 1130s we vote Sunday for the calls are back in wow Stop I think about that one for a few minutes absorb that no thanks Let it seep into your pores and then I'll out of your Like Joyce you know like like let enjoy seep out of your body parts The the vein of my existence that woman I have never laid eyes on her I have no idea what she looks like What she smells like all I know is that she is the vein of my existence and she'll do anything in her power to like throw a monkey wrench into our lives Which right frankly I don't think any of us needs that do we need that? No my plate is full Your nature is I'll don't need it and I sure is held don't need it See I think that's that that's a mistake that I'm making talking about what a great life I have here now a happy I am being here and everything is so great and all this other stuff. You know they don't like that They do not like that What can we do to make him more miserable? What can we do to make his life like crap? Yeah We hate you Joyce. Okay. That's the bottom line the whole audience hates you the world hates you even Heinrich Kimmer hates you You bitch only on the banana republic baby Only in Miami I You And I know. Hey, there's the Pope in Turkey, maybe, and he really is. They should have stuffed him and put him on the spit. Prop 46 at 5. 60. We got mad dog at 2. The power hour between 4 and 5, which him and it's in the upper together for now. I want to whose idea that was. Then we got Hank Goldberg, a solo between 5 and 7. PATHIPP was 7 to 7. 30. PATHES at Montreal to play in the Quebec nation against the kind of Dien's at 7.30. Now, Abaton. And we got Hurricane Vasquez, born in 1660, which had said 9.40, but it's rated 13.60. Nobody would be listening anyway. Hurricane Z. Northwestern. But, Clare will be on there, squeaking away, and then we got any care for all that. Are you excited about that? How could we didn't send me what the McGill was ahead for my password? Oh, because we can't find him. Yeah, he's out here. Hmm. Maybe somebody forgot to tell him to come in today. I think I saw him today. But maybe he'll be overwhelming. I don't think they're going to be in the midterm congressional elections. Give us this huge reason for overrides Bob Geiger. We still received signs on a daily basis showing just how much work we have to do in repairing our country. Lumpy's evidence today comes from Passoca Springs, Colorado, where Lisa Jensen is in deep trouble with her homeowner's association for having the Goldahanga holiday wreath shaped like a peace sign on the side of her house. Shame on you, Lisa. I just wanted to put a message of peace out there, said Jensen, who put the wreath up about a week ago, not intending to be a statement against the war in Iraq. I was really trying to be in favor of something. Peace. Give peace a chance, baby. Peace on it. But she's found out that such a radical statement may not fly in Arcoleta County, which the Bush-Chini taken care easily with 62% of the vote in 2004. And she's been threatened with a fine of 25 bucks a day by the Loma Linda, homerosa association until the wreath is removed. Did it? I didn't like that. Important to Bob Kerns, the Association of Presidents, and three or four residents have complained, and at least one believe Jensen's decorations are a symbol of Satan. I'll ride. The peace sign has got a lot of negativity associated with it. It's also an anti-Christ sign. That's how it started, said Kerns. Somebody could put up signs that say drop bombs in Iraq. If you let one go up, you have to let them all go up. That's got a picture on here. This is on a raw story. You know this is on smoking chip. Picture of the thing. It's a very inaccurate look in wreath with a peace symbol in the mow. It's a holiday thing. Kerns are today committee in the homerosa association to require Jensen to be moved the wreath. And when the five member panel refused, saying they saw nothing wrong with the festive decoration, Kerns fired all five members from their posts. How do you like that? All right. Association of Strict Rules, Providing signs, flags, etc. That can be considered divisive, but says nothing about general holiday decorations, which of course is what it is. But we got a bunch of blue nose, right wingers out there. And excuse me for the repetition. Blue nose right wing. What is the pope speaking? Blue nose. Speak in a every. That was there. There was so. There's a long history, a long history of violence. It says Muslims and Christians have a long history. You have killing each other. Just like to Jews in the Arabs. Just like the goeim and the other goeim. Everybody. All the religious nuts. Can't say that though. It's the wrong time of the year to be saying that we have to participate in this festive holiday mood, no way. Yeah, we can participate. 1149 votes on the pool. I'm still waiting for my password. Somebody goes nine in the building. Maybe he's out to lunch. They're never done on you clowns that he might have gone out to lunch. It has. Maybe he's out to lunch with your. Well, and maybe they're on a conference call with Norma Cat right now. Planting for the new midday show with Joseph Dacke. Oh yeah, I can't wait for that. And Christine and Moran. 560, 560. Let's get those phones cranked up. Man, if we're going to take us in in calls here today. Don't forget the rest of the audience is listening and they're grading you. They're analyzing. So that chick was out of a speaker for. I couldn't. It was cutting out because he was cutting out because they were sounding the background among which her boyfriend laughing. Yeah. Well, that's great. 560, 560 and pound five 60 in the Verizon singular. Eh. How wireless line. W2AM. Hello. What if I happen to be a smith? Eh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Yeah, let's get the Bill Smith show on here along with Sandy Payton. I thought he said, Will Smith. No, Bill Smith. The hell's Bill Smith. See, you didn't even know what he's talking about. That's blind Mike doing a little top show trivia. From a few years ago, I'm a K.C. and I would do it. I mean, it was a great one. Very boring. Monatone Chinatown. Very boring. Sorry, Sid. I thought he said, let me know. Sid, let me know. He was great. Old Smith was a church. Boring. Real monatone. Anyway, that's enough of that crap. Yeah. And you thought it was funny even understand what he said. Go ahead. Go ahead. So who's Will Smith? Is there any QAM? Hello. Hey. Is Bill? Yes, it is. Hey, now, what's your beef with Joseph Gaket? What's my beef with Joseph Gaket with all that means? What's your poor? You're like something negative to say about him. Because he stinks. That's why he's a good guy. But he stinks on here. That's very simple. I don't have any beef with Joseph Gaket. Never stole a freight train. He just is a terminal. He sounds like he needs a personality transplant. Other than that, he's great. In fact, that problem that we played on that one hurricane touched down that we were playing last week. John, remember that? Yes, I do. That was, I can't even put it. There are no words even describe it. But nevertheless. Hey, and more, you ought to be used to that by now. Because we put this station's famous for putting all sorts of people on the ear. Who don't belong on the ear? We got all kinds of people. One thing about us, man. No punches, poof. We don't have your driving eat, but you can't even. Yeah, in him. And then of course, that. Whatever that is. W.K.W.M. Joseph Gaket line. Hello. That's a Mark Foli call. Q.A.M. Hello. Daniel, how are you today? Okay. Um, have you, I just want to make a couple of, uh, points. Have you heard anything about the Arnold opening up? No. Okay. I wouldn't hold my breath. He called us, uh, before the beginning of the year, I think, and said he was, uh, you know. I drove by recently. I saw a banner on the front of the place. It said we will reopen soon, but you know nothing's happened. Didn't say which area. Anyway, do you want to say that I still miss, uh, Bill Ross and Bob Weaver. Just wanted to say that. Okay. See you. Alright. Like Ralph Renex says, you'll know what it's time. You'll know what it's time, but he was certainly prespicacious at all Ralph Renex, you know what? He knew what he was talking about. And then he died. I think his liver had a little bit of, uh, maybe an issue or two, you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. He liked a pop of Yonna. W.K.W.M. Hello. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking. Yeah. He's like, he sounds like butter, some soft part. You're right here that. Oh, no. That is bad. All I think he may have had a point. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's the, you know, we know that. There's a guy who sucks. Okay. I'm going to wake up on morning all of a sudden, develop a personality, become a great play by play guy. He's, uh, coma inducing his bad. And then, of course, when he, see, and when somebody's got no personality, and then they try to like, pretend they have one, and they try to fake, uh, excitement. Oh, my goodness. It's like, uh, like this. Oh, my. Oh, my. Like that. Oh, and speaking of that, there was a clip where the, how was it last night? Maybe it was in between the 85,000 commercials on the ESPN football game. And it was a clip for, um, I don't know what that was for, because it was an old clip for, uh, the expose, who the, what was it pitched to perfect game was it, uh, Dennis Martinez? Yes. I'm pretty sure about his Indian years ago. And it sounded, to me, just like Dave Van Boring doing a call. Yeah. And it was just like when the Marlins were in the world series, he did the same way. It was pathetic. I just stopped. Okay. It was, I'm just telling you. I just, I'm not making this up. I saw it last night. I had never heard that before in my life. And he's called in the final out into fly ball, or write center field. It got mixed against the catch. And like, uh, he had some cornball line. Oh, it was awful, man. It was pathetic. He is so boring, but nevertheless. I know some of we need those Marlin games. We need to keep losing millions on the Marlins. And I wouldn't be surprised at all to see great rebuild of that stadium with the Beesley's money. Would you? Remember what's in pound of tender with some kind of stupid ass discussion about that going on? Yeah, I do remember that. Yeah. Talk about embarrassing. And we were going to call the O.J. Memorial Stadium. It's a killer. 1158th full-sat in the pool. What are you smurcling about? That was maybe slightly amusing. It's also funny on TV. Yeah, but you did. W.Q.A.M. Hello. TV, Canada. TV, look at that. Gladner. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Good luck. Thank you. This is W.F.A.T.D. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Thanks for your attention. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello Hello. Hi. Hello. This is the man Talk? Yeah. This is the man Talk. What do you guys have? We'll really manage this. Let me check. Oh. Yeah. Look. He's looking. He's looking in his. Breakdown. Looks like it's going to be a while. If you put the phone down. Yeah. He's got to get a surge party. Welcome to K equally I'm hello. Yeah, Sir, Rick Shaw. How are you? Rick. Congratulations. My best. Whatever. You know. Well, thank you so much. You know. I heard you talking about the other day about being the 68 years old and how old and the crepid and the hat. Well, you know, you're the one that put that on my Myspace page. You have put that crap on there. Well, I'm trying to keep you up to date. We could have put 60, seven on there. We believed you. Well, listen, you have always been very kind and gentle with me for whatever reason. And this has been a kind of a special situation for me with the 50th anniversary and all the rest of that. I announced this morning that I'm going to retire. And it's just been a hell of a run and you have been a big part of that. And I want to thank you for your kind of thing. Well, we've not been a big part of that. I don't understand. I mean, I appreciate you saying that. Well, what does that mean? Rock, you are. Are you weak, really? Okay. I go to one of you. But you read about that, you Nick. They're, you know, okay. You do a very special kind of radio. I know what he does. It's like you. Nobody can do it better than you. That has been part of my experience here in South Florida for as long as you've been on the air. I came here in 60. You came here when 76. You were here a long time before I was made. I would have. I would have already. I was here already 16 years. But you do something that I do better than anybody I know. And I appreciate that. And I learned from you. And I thank you. Well, you're welcome. Whatever that means. Whatever that means. Okay. That is a great line. And there's a real bread and I never heard that before about, you know, how do you know when to return? He's right. Yeah. I know when it's time. I asked him why he quit when he quit. And he said in that booming, bombastic voice when it's time, you will know. Right. And I think you may be my inspiration. Maybe this is payback now. You're going to inspire me to hang up this microphone. I've, you know. I thought maybe that time. You still got a whole lot more laughs than others. Right. Right. Just kidding. Just kiss the ground. You never worked for these people, my friends. And I'm going to do that right now. Oh, I worked for some real humdangers. Now I'm sure having we all. Yes, indeed. That's true of business. So you're, uh, hang it up in January. Is that it? Well, there's no end there. They're looking to find a replacement for me at this point. So I'm there until they do. Well, I'm, listen, if anybody can do the talkups, man, I'm the man. I can do it. Okay. I'm the thing about it. I put it in a good way for you. Okay. Right. Best of luck. Have a great life. See you. Rick Shaw. He's a hang it up the microphone, man. And like he said, we all know when it's time. What is time to go? Is that what he said? Something like that. Oh, here's the song we don't want to hear. Kind of Bob Hopkins, especially. He's a Bob Hamilton, whatever is known. Mary Hopkins and Bob Hamilton. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. And then, Paul, by a David Horingman at Perfect Game Man, it was just like the home we were seeing. He was called my inducing and embarrassing too. I'm going to go to Magic and play oldies. I'm replacing Rick Shaw tomorrow. Oh, then thinking about getting a fork clock in a morning like I said, I don't think so. I should ask him how much they pay over there. Yeah. That would have been embarrassing. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't want to put him on his phone. What are you laughing about? I don't know how much he's making. Not as much as you. I'm sure that. Who the hell is? Who the hell in this market ever made this kind of money? Nobody. And you know something? That should be an exclamation point on that. When I'm sitting here in this chair, I'm going to close on because I think that package might show up, but it probably won't. When I'm sitting here and maybe it'll be Brady Quinn with this package. I go downstairs, we'll fast for that. And I'm thinking about just telling him to stick it, to shove it. There are some things in life that no amount of money can compensate for. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure you do. Yeah. It's just not worth it. These people are impossible. I don't have to tell you that. You're impossible. Like, very common would say, it's impossible. Or you just got round and round. I don't want to hear round. I even can play that. I might have that. What? It's impossible. It's impossible. They are. They're impossible people. They're ungrateful bastards who want to terrorize you. And they've got this witch. They've got this witch and put her in charge. And she says, no, what else she's doing? She hasn't got a clue. It's a miracle we have any audience left. Oh, well, you can't play that. You certainly can't say that. And Joyce has, remember the conversation we had after the show one day I was down there. I think you were in on the conversation. And the direct quote was, oh, I mean, Joyce has a real problem with penis. And remember that? We're talking about lying. Yeah, there were a lot of lines you could use it as well. That was one of them. And I thought to myself, I'll bet she does. She's got a problem with anything. And then the dinner, of course, we got to a point where we stopped asking anymore, because if we asked, well, can we say this? No, whatever we asked, you can't say it. Can we say hello? Goodbye. Have a great day. No. It's impossible. There is one play. It's impossible. It's impossible. I'll bet you can probably. I'll bet you can probably. It's impossible. Oh. It's impossible. Could he found out a tenth of an ounce of salami and sound? No. No. I think I'm actually losing consciousness right now. Yeah. It is spooky. Yeah, it is spooky. Yeah, it is spooky. Yeah. It's a different drum. I wonder how it stands. Oh, remember that? That was in Calvin Mr. Ripley. Remember he was a spooky. Yeah. It was a two-la... Two-la's good actor. Yes, he is. Anybody that's like two-la's anti-symite. And you saw that war picture, right? Which one was that? Yes. It is a great one. Not exactly a war movie, more love, you know, individual. I'm forget I was very good though. I enjoyed it very much, but I forget what that was all about. But it was a cat mouth game between him and Ed Harris. That is correct. And we're still in that. That is correct. Very good. Now let's see. What movies that we're working on right now, I think we've exhausted our supply for in a moment. Oh, I got cocaine cowboys. I'm supposed to catch up on. Oh, well, where's my property? Where's my password from lovely McGwell for Crannell out? Oh, he tried it. Did I just thank him for doing a great job at my space page in the whole deal? I take it back. He tried to call me apparently, but of course my phone doesn't ring during the show because what kind of a person would be taking phone calls during the show on their cell phone. Somebody had a bookie. All right. Yeah. That was funny. Somebody had a bookie with a hot tip. Oh, look at that. We're doing pretty good on the listening end online. It's good. I just want to check those stats up because I'm one of those people I monitor all of those. And of course, it probably doesn't mean a damn thing. I'll tell you one thing. We do love that guy that called an yesterday in his whole family. We're going to send him all kinds of holiday gifts. So, one I said he had the three diaries. Remember that's right? Send him a fruit basket. Yeah, well, send you a fruit cake. So, as we find one that you'll send you a few of these colors. Okay, speaking of fruit cake. Okay, let's get a lot of calls in his last hour. And then I wouldn't be surprised. You're not going to do it. If my phone rings today, this is the truth. My hand on the Quran. If that phone rings today and it's normal can't, I'm going to put the instrument on the cradle. I'm going to hang it up. I don't want to talk to him. I don't want to deal with him. I don't want to deal with him. I don't want to know nothing. I don't want to deal with any of this anymore. Okay? That's his job. That's a good thing. Payed for it. What if he's going to say that, you know, hey, everything's okay and you can use the word. What the hell do I need to be calling Joe Bell about yesterday? That should have been his job. He should have been on our phone. Say, enjoy his lunatic. And the others do when I have a job for you. And cut the crap and quit making our lives a living in hell. He should have been in one doing that, not me. Not an old-daughtering fart like me. I was trying to squeeze a few years out of enjoyment the ass-in of a life. And we had two dysfunctional parents who I wouldn't wish on Hitler. Okay? But nevertheless, you can relate to that. WQAM, hello. Me, oh, how are you? Well, we haven't. A lot of ladies today. This is a real fly opener. This is amazing. We listen, we do. We do. Yeah, sure. I have a question. A friend of mine told me, and I called her a liar. But I needed to hear it from you. Lier. That you know or knew or had Johnny Depp on your radio show? You're a... That is correct. Yes, I did. On say that. In 1986, let's see, 20 years ago. How did that happen? He just... He was being blown. And I don't remember where the Greg Alman who was still alive. And Johnny Depp, they were like, at some club on the beach. And somebody tipped us off on it. And we made arrangements to get him on a show. So, he is good looking. Oh, better than you can ever even imagine. And personally, he had the smoothest. The one thing I remember about him, he had the smoothest skin. The best complex of anybody I've ever seen in my life. Didn't have a pimple on his ass. I'm just kidding. He looks like he's aged pretty well, I guess. Yeah, he still looks pretty much the same. But he had a leather jacket on. And I remember somebody took a picture of a stand together with our arms around each other. And he just still had that. You know, but I don't have it no more. And of course, now that he's really rich in famous, I'm sure he wouldn't know me for Mamishu Pippock. You know, that's the way they are. Oh, well, but at least famous. Oh, I mean, once upon a time. Yeah, oh, great. Well, I just needed to hear that, okay. So that's very cool moves. I remember like it was yesterday. Oh, man. I wish I had been there. Yeah. I wish I had a great, great day. And back to you. Bye. Johnny Deff, man. He's a good kid. He lived in his car for a while. And Miramar, a hell of a day. Why would it help? I was remember that he lived out of his car. He was down out on his luck. What I hear. He could live in my car. I remember that first movie he was in. At least I think it was his first movie. It was Friday the 13th part, whatever. Maybe the first one or no. I don't think it was. It was Nightmare on Elm Street. Okay. I think the remember Nightmare on Elm Street. Of course I did. And he shot all over the ceiling. I'm talking about blood. Yeah. He spirited all over the ceiling. Blood. 1188 votes on a poll. I wonder if Brady Quinn could do that. The calls are back. What's your take? 1188. I'm not going to read the results. The 240 say the call is blow. We've had a lot of ladies today. Now I don't know why it is when ratings come out. We have no ladies in with the diaries. I guess they're too embarrassed even to write it down that they listen and then men. You don't have to be embarrassed to listen to the show. Okay. We're embarrassed to work for these people. But you don't have to be embarrassed to admit that you listen to it. Okay. The biggest name. Oh, then we're going to look on the case morning and the garage. Drags your answer with a radio 560 and say you're a man. Bring out a hand. The football off to running back. Just kind of like asking. A brain surgery. To operate on him. I'm not. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is Rush Limbaugh. Survey of humanity. Touch show host. Hemorrhide suffer. Folks, it's over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellence. Suppositories. Now you can end the pain and it's being a hemorrhide. I'll teach you just for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB. The obesity and broadcasting network. Okay, 117 Glenn Garwin's got a really gushing article here about Rick Shaw about him retiring and about he showed this morning and about oldies radio going down the tubes. And about he says what they ought to do with if they were smart was give Shaw a couple of hours on the weekends and let him play anything he wants. Newer hits, misses flip sides, novelty records. Anything that struck his fancy during 46 years in Sound Floor to Radio. Come on, Magic. Give us the Crepan 50 year old something new we'll listen to while we shop for satellite radios. I'm not shopping for satellite radio are you? No. No. That's what Glenn Garwin says. But anyway, won't print out so I can't read the whole damn thing. It says Rick Shaw the last South Florida veteran of top 40 radio analysis. We term it this morning on his magic show. And when Shaw packs up his microphone after his final show, he probably should go ahead and take magic records. Well MP3's with him. All these radio is dying fast. Big stations in New York San Francisco in Chicago have dumped the format in the past 18 months. And it's hard to see Shaw's departure is anything but an ominous portent of things to come assumed. Oh no. What is this? It's magic moment. No. Well this is our runaway 67. Why does Shannon blew his brains out? I say. Hats off, Hillary, and the Rick Shaw. Kats off for your daily joke. Bobby Chancroon. Yeah. On Capitol record. I'm going on magic. I'm going to play all the oldies. I'll be all these Bob Hamilton. Let me play. He's worse than Joyce. It says don't ask for whom the bell tolls. It tolls for Elvis the four tops. And you read through a Franklin. Even stations that don't formally renounce the format are quietly shedding it like an old skin. Like an old forest skin. Ooh. Hardly anyone plays Chuck Berry any more buddy. Holly or any other 50s rock and roll giants. And increasing number of oldies says they're abandoning 60s music too. Oh my god. There's a niche there, baby. There's a niche for the old bitch. I think that call was not that what it should have been when he called in Rick. You know, I should have been kissing his ass. And you know, instead of turning into a tribute by him to me, he's always kissing my ass like me. What's that all about? Well maybe he'll call back and he will not call back. Okay. You can talk back someday. But like me, not like today. And you can do him this time. Now I don't want to do him. Believe me. Good guy, but I sure as hell don't want to do him. 1199 votes on a poll. We're going over 1200. There's the Pope in Turkey. Still alive. That's a good news for him. But I don't know how long it's going to last. They probably sent him there like to get rid of him, you know. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Maybe the swish guard want like a younger Pope. Somebody under the age of 90. There you go, Rick. There's your opening. 560, 50560, pound five 60 in the Verizon and singular. Wireless lines. What do you think? Did I talk a lot about the plane all these? I've talked about threatened that for months. And I think maybe now is the perfect time to start, you know. Yeah. All these radio tend to do. How? As Qambir's roots back to the old days. The barris. Can you print? Was that safaris? No, the ventures. Oh, damn. I'm embarrassed. That's my first test. I'm about to wake Clifford here. Clifford here is not gay. You want to know that he's not gay. Okay. Let's take a picture. Oh, go in on it. And also we can't send. Good for every. Oh. What can I sing along? Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, sorry. Can't say what he's sorry. 1190 done. I think we're just stuck at that point. We're not going to get to the 12 hundred. The audience is just playing fast. And all the way just got to 1200. They're coming by the ones. But now that the calls are back, I think we've turned the corner. You know what? And like I said before, and I really mean this. I don't want any phone calls. And I don't want to know nothing. Let them all fight it out amongst each other. And I'm saying, just leave me alone. Pay me on payday. And I'll keep keeping a show up. Or not. If I'm not here tomorrow, you'll understand why. You know what tomorrow is, don't you? Would buy one today. Right. Maybe I'll go really and find a good machine. Tell me. Can you hear what you am? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I knew. Did I have a hearing impediment? Did I hear most of how it David on eight, fifty the other day? That is correct. Oh, I love to hear him. I'm going to listen to him every day. Oh, do do do do do. Okay, great. He's not on every day. He's on the weekend. Oh, thanks for that, Neil. I love you. You're welcome. I love the other stations that are trying to get us to promote the hell out of them. It's really good like the fake call we had yesterday about man count. If you want to listen to some right wing, Howard Stern want to be Go right ahead and listen to man call. Enjoy it. Have a great life together. And just like this about mole and easy back there. We already promoted that. Okay. And he still won't have a number. It'll show it like invisible like with a minus in front of it. Just like you did on this station. WQAM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? It's Neil. What? Hey, Neil. How you doing today? Okay. Great. It's good to hear that you're taking call to get. Yeah. We are. Great. Anyway, anyway, there's one song that's that one of my old favorites from the 15s That also is a TV team. Yeah. Why you five oh? Yeah. Do you have that one? Yes. Great. Anyway, what did I want? I just don't want to let this go far. Oh, no. Stop driving the burger again. I'm driving the burger now. I'm driving the burger is very more lean out. So. How come this thing won't drop? I had it that 40 times before we would drop off. And he's gonna pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. But that. See, I was witching for it. And the song's with the CD, but George George had his finger on it. Okay. That's it. And of course, George hated that joke as he didn't like cop shows in there. That was the excuse. How could anybody not watch a Y5? Oh. I didn't hate the show. I didn't watch the show because why not show. That's why saying you hate Santa Claus. You didn't like Jack Lord. You saw you were like anti-on. You know, I liked the open. And so I stayed with the show for as long as I was like. You were exciting man. Exactly. If only I had to see him as great. The theme is dynamic. If the show was one tent as exciting, would have been a great show. Well, that's true. And then of course it was good times. I make it those themes out just to aggravate you. How'd I come on? And then there's always trying to get these oldies going. There you go. Oh, again, lower it. No, it's not the one. What is wrong with you? She did that. She had that chance. Oh, sorry. Well, she read it. She read it. She read it. She read it. She read it. Hi, crack. How'd they have it? And I heard that. Here's an underrated group. I've said this before. And I'll say the hallways. The hallways. There are so few for pace. There's always. There are so few for pace. There are so few for pace. There are so few for pace. But stop a way. And she's there. I say. We share my own breath. Oh, and speak in a really anxious Canadians. Where is she? Come on. You can do it. There's a man. He's a man. Henry. And his name? With Chris. She got whispered on a tent. She's got a gigantic. He needs this snow and metal pole. Save by the song man. Save by the thing. Save by the thing, Joyce. Treble 9 on the pool. We're just moving along. Look at that. There's the archbishop Atlanta. There's that far bison. He's a real far bison. Who was trying to cover it up on the hit all the childbalist and priest on here. He's one of the cover-up guys. So it is. It is an attempt to to address the needs. Yeah, I dressed this. Put on some. It's a real close. Okay. Come out of the dark ages. Pops. You're silly old bastard. Would you stupid white collar? You a pedophile. Good. 26 after one at five. 16 WC. We got mad dog at two and we got the power hour and we got the hour with the shower and we got the a panther game tonight. Any interest in that? No. Panthers at Montreal to play the Canadians in the Canadian Nation baby. Correct nation. What a joke. I think I may renounce my Canadian at that point. I don't have to make it gay. How about when Missouri becomes a nation? And what about Delaware? The Delaware Nation? You like it? Well, you know, they were talking about South Carolina since he went to the... How about the... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... And that... And that... And that... And that... And that... And it's celebrate... I'd like that much better... And it's celebrate dalam mattress and SIMONSER Rотring the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons videos and sell it up. It's like they bring the whole store right to you. Call 1-800 mattress like I've been doing for years to get yourself a factory direct on beable prices And world running service with no nonsense. Call by game time, and in a mattress so be delivered by the post game show. Wow. With Dalamat for just Tuesday and time, we want you to know that for a week, seven days, a week from 8am to 10pm, even the same day that you call and Dalamat for the lovers when it's convenient for you, you pick it to our window and they jump right through it. That's why Dalamat for just ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction, and why every, you know, on rich show was on, I should ask Tim was he like better the bedtime stories or the calls. He couldn't have called in if I wasn't taking calls. Anyway, that's why Dalamat for just ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction, everybody here at QA, I'm as using Dalamat for just on the web, you'll find a mad Dalamat for it and that's not Dalamat you can do that, and it'll still show up, but that's not it. Who's you doing this account now? I don't know. Oh, Hank, you know, that great new guy not Hank Goldberg, Hank the railroad, what's the guy's name? Hank railroad. Schmuck. On the web, it's mattress.com or give me a call at that toll free number 1 800 mattress, 1 800 mhttr ES leave off the last as because it stands for Stupendus Savings and Stupend Sales Hall. I was on your station in 1964, I'm a short-of-pronent guy in Miami, and I'm by time and I influence people who buy time. If you people take care of together to be a better radio station, then if you were to follow a station or an EBS station, I should take a damn frequency, which my grandmother's friend Chessie gave put on the year in 1826, and you've turned the damn thing off and get out of the business. You people will be ashamed of yourself. My name is Robby Young, and the telephone number is a more cow in Miami, room 13. You people ought to be ashamed. You shouldn't even be running that facility. I used to be in the boss of the damn thing in 1926. I ran the damn thing and I was flying around. You are terrible. You have no credibility in radio. Now, if I get on the phone to fetch you, you get on the phone to me. You get me to fetch this back. I'm a normal hot boy. Get the cell phone through. But it will be because you're doing anyhow. We're doing it. Dude, man, nobody likes to get up in the morning, but let's face it. Party all night, sleep all day, mixed, Johnny, one unemployed convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll along plock. No MPP peeps here. Just gut wrenching high decibel screens from today stop rock art. You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker. Chris Robinson from the black rose. And for the true comatose news on, there's the Hull Alarm. Well, that's a week you have called them more gear warm food man. Studies show scope brings respond to the rock and roll along plock. Get it now and head bang your way into a new day. What I wrote me was you're one surly old queen, you know what, but he's dead now. 132 at 5. 16. W Q A N. All the old is all the hits all the time, baby. This time of the day. Who now says old parts, no listen. Okay, so if you're a jury, Lewis's kid, you'd have problems to believe me. Comin' it 18 votes on the pool. Lady. Oh, brother. Hmm, pretty sad. 5. 6.705. 60. Let's go out today with a big half hour from Mendusselm out of calls. What do you say? Power half hour. Ah, I'll call. Maybe it'll change the attitude to this. In fact, look at that. The callers blow is down to 20% and even 20%. If we can get that under 20%. It'll be like a real, real vote of confidence for getting the calls back on. You have a just thinking during that break. On the 30th of December, that's going to make 10 years we've been on this horseball station. That's the longest I've worked at any station in my life. 10 years. 9 at IOD. I think 8 or 9 at the WS, WS. 6 or 7 at INZ and then the 1 year at Zeta. So I think that 10 years would be far and away. The most. How did we survive 10 years in Israel? Wow. WQA and hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Yes, I was at Gulfstream when it opened and I got a pretty decent machine. But the thing I like about Gulfstream is that I make it still really young when I go there. Yeah, oh yeah. You feel like a real French chicken. But anyway, I found a good machine. It's not a bad place. But now you're a fortune, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Good show, Neil. Thanks, Pally. Let me know whether you get the squilla fortune, okay? Maybe they'll see my fat ass over there. They don't got no wheel of fortune. What kind of a casino has slot machines? Mine has got no wheel of fortune, huh? Jesus. That's the most even now. It's still the most popular game. You don't believe me, do you? Well, you don't know. Why would I just believe you? I'm just telling you. It's the most popular game. Alright. You can go in. Like, you know, like, you know, what I go really well by. You know, really, really in the morning sometimes, like on a Saturday. And it's like almost no cars in the parking lot. And you think, oh, I'm going to find me whichever machine I want. And you go in and like the whole place is like a ghost town. And you go to where they have the 14 wheel of fortune dollar machines lined up. And they're like almost all busy. And you think, gosh, damn, you know, it's what you think or something like that. Holy, Schmidt. And then you know, you're very patient. And you know, how patient I am, of course. You ever get the feeling, well, of course, you don't play the slots, but like you want to just drag somebody off the chair and say, hey, I want to play this machine. Come on. Get out of here. Okay. Go away. Quit patchking around my machine. That's what Josh tells him. Quit patchking around. In fact, you ought to tell that to our engineering staff. Start patchking around. So as your microphone's still disabled, we can't really. No, you thought I was joking. I pulled out a pocket knife and I took it apart and I fixed it. Sort up for the time being. George fixed our aboard because the engineering staff is a bunch of, uh, turds. But see now you're starting in again. All the way to ask. Give me a spanking for asking another question. I don't want to get involved in all these things. I'm too old for that man. I'm an old, old, old. All you old people out there, you know what it's all about when you reach a certain, like Ralph Rednick said, when you get to that point, you know it. When you just fed up like with your, with your spouse, you know, if your wife's a nag, they shoot the old bitch. That's all. You can't take no more. WCWM hello. WCWM hello. Now. Yes sir. Hey. Luzurad Riga. You've decided right and let's get the lightning round going again. Love you, baby. WCWM hello. Good afternoon Mr. Roger. I did actually know you were in college. How are you? I only called one every couple years because I don't want to be a chronic. Good to know. But I remember back when WCWM, back in the 60s, we had like Lee Sherwood and Jidon Lamp, a Charlie Murdoch and those guys. You know what happened to those guys? Jim Dunlach did. Oh, he was married to Lynn Russell and by the way, if my good friend, Sid Levinslitz, which I seriously doubt, Lynn Russell's working for the CBC now. She's in Canada. She used to be on the, she was on program to replicate, too. And nevertheless, the best Charlie Murdoch in Lee Sherwood, you know, I have no idea. They're probably dead. Okay sir, my property against that. Okay. I mean, I don't want to give you bad news. Maybe they're not dead. You know, in fact, let's look on the bright side. I think they're doing great. Thank you. See you. How do I know what happened to those who do you want to happen to those guys? We got to Jingles over Molly and not that we got Jim Dunlach somewhere I think. Ricky Tickie would know. Maybe he'll call in again. Well, he's going to have a lot of time on his hands. Now that he's a retiring, he could have a, we got to have a regular rookie Tickie feature. I got the ball. That's a little bit down. Oh, no. Someone got a Jim Dunlach Jingle. I still got. That. Let's see, real Jingle. Here's a whole bunch of real Jingles. And since your buddy today is out there, whipped up into a frenzy, you know, blind Mike. He's whipped up. Where is, uh, whom I looking for? I would Jim Dunlach. I know it's in here. How come you can't find it? I don't know. Because I'm not trying. Oh, here it is. I told you. There you go. That's for that last call. I'm going to make up for the fact that I had such a weak information form. But I do know Jim Dunlach did. All of them, maybe he's making a comeback. It could happen, you know, and there's your fat ass governor. Pleaded that, uh, the Mort, Mort, oh my god. It is so sad when I see him. All these are self-righteous hypocrites. Fony, but only. How's no, I'll do an, uh, jab. How's your wayward daughter doing it? She's kind of like our pool, you know? She blows. Oh, there is our good friend Susan Candy, honey. Or you're had this to say quote. For Susan, you know, stuck there with CNN, just like us being stuck here on QAM. Pours Susan Candy, honey, stuck there on. And she did correct yourself about Chuck Feeler. You know, if you got a Tom Feeler, or you were off that was the day that they had the, the situation at the Harold, which I'm sure you're watching on TV. Don't you remember when when you were people, the former cartoonist that got a camera, as a reward, he, um, told, uh, he went in there with a shotgun when a machine gun. No, you see that story? No. That was nice Friday. I wasn't watching the news last Friday. He did. He went in with a machine gun, mom. But they, uh, they talked him down. All right. Good. It was a major story. CNN was all over at like Stinkon Joyce. It was great. It was a great story. So it looked long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see. There could rate your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you. So we sure won't Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed. That you think God for your family, because someday they'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday they'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas is our left and their short life? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings through your head. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Every one you know. Dead, a very merry Christmas to you. Dead, dead. I'm dying on the hair. What's 45 and the good news is I got thank you very much for my past word and my ID and my social security number and my future time. So I'm looking at those pictures. One thing I noticed about Jacob, he always gets photographed from a lot of 100 miles away. They're so nice. So these pictures are like really distant shots, you know what I said? I thought they were a telephoto lens from some of the other mountain. What does he have on the bottom of his leg? I told him it was like, way out, where is there tonight? Yeah. I told you. Anyway it was in Vegas. And that's the same Jacob. He looks pretty good to me from a distance, you know. I'd have to see a little closer Jacob, but nevertheless, all of his events age maybe can't run so fast anymore. 541 votes on the pool, not too bad and a lot of people listening online. Everything has come back in a shape in spite of these great robbers. Okay, in spite of Joyce, in spite of Joe, in spite of a clearance, in spite of all of that crap, you know. We just, we just pardon along, you're singing the song. You know what song? Like, oh, I already played that. Hey, did you? Sorry. I don't remember. I talked to you up the first time. I was good enough. Oh, wow. Old fingers. But you have where those old fingers. Where the hell is this? Oh, there it is. I didn't see it on the menu. Go, things up. He's the man. Well, now that they got all this big timis about James Bond, guess what? I didn't watch the earlier ones with Sean Connery. And I certainly didn't watch the ones with Pierce Brosnan. Who was the one in between them? Oh, um. Timothy Dalton. You said that? No, I did not. A Roger Moore. All right. Oh, yeah. The Moore I see him a lesson won't. And I'm not interested in James Bond. Sean Connery and that was a crap. Sorry. I should have ended up with James Bond. A really, really ugly Brit guy with his nose, I could be on any boardhead. I can't think of his name. That could be almost anybody. That's that. He's particularly ugly even for a Brit. That's why that John, what else does name again, the one from a match point. That's why he kind of stands out. He's really not all that great looking, but he's a Brit and the fact that he looks pretty good is a miracle. The Brit's buying large are pretty nasty looking bunch, but then again, who might have talked? Well, I just wanted to more bedtime stories. Or I could take these last couple of calls, but I'd rather do my bedtime stories. For months, the media have been torn over the use of the term civil war in the describe that is sent into outright murder and torture and Iraq into the blood bath that murder and mayhem that's going on there. Apparently, the other chaos in Carnage the past week is finally convinced some to use the term civil war without apology, but then we see news and MSNBC joining in yesterday in a major way, but many still hold back and editor-in-publicer shows. The LA Times, one of the first newspapers to fly with a describe the conflict as a civil war, without the usual qualifiers of approaching or near civil war in the first paragraph of a news report on Saturday. The Christian science modded a yesterday referred to a deepening civil war as if there's any doubt about it, huh? But the main Washington Post story, yesterday, continued use sectarian strife. Right. A widely published writer's dispatch yesterday adopted sectarian conflict and McClatchian report from Baghdad relied on sectarian violence. Well, you know, what the other difference is to make what they call it, okay? It's a blood bath. What difference is it make what term they use, you know? Trying to like sanitize it. Well, they're all dying lightly, you understand? It's just murder and mayhem and chaos, but other than that. Like Bush said it takes time to restore chaos, isn't it? What he said? And speaking of people who specialize in, oh, Jimmy Carter was on with your buddy last night. I saw a few minutes of that. Oh, that buddy. He just ripped his wheel and ass on there last night. I thought it's about time somebody had the ball. He's got a new book out, a better go read it. Somebody had the balls to tell it like it is. Oh, we might offend the Jew as well too bad, okay? You're not offending me. And they don't like Delhi and there's no Jew in a world like Delhi any better than I do. And not necessarily Delhi. It may be some good kiss you would be good. Are you an agency said Saturday that Israel laid minds and Lebanon during the summer's war between the Jewish State and the Lesbini's based Hezbollah group? The first time Israel's been accused of planning minds during the latest fighting. This is over and above with the cluster bombs, you know? Right. The cluster is extra credit. And report by the windmine action coordination center followed. Where is Prince's Diana? What we need that bitch, huh? Followed an investigation of a landmine exposed that wounded to European disposal experts and a lesbianized medic on Friday. Later Saturday, the agency reported that a British, the mining expert who was trying to clear minds from the same area where Fridays are exposed and occurred also was injured and they separate landmine blast. The explosions were caused by Israeli anti-personnel minds placed in the old newly laid during the fighting in July and August and south Lebanon, the center be saying. This is the first evidence we have that the Israeli forces laid new minds in south Lebanon in 2006, the UN agency said in the statement, Israeli military officials said they weren't convinced the mine in Friday's explosion was Israeli. Right. It would maybe be like for my outer space from your heinous, huh? Maybe some Martians dropped it there. That could have been it. It could be a his volalian mine or a mine laid by another country. Mine not even be from religious conflict. Many armies have fought there over many years. The official said, speak non-conditioning of anonymity because they're for the crap and everybody knows it. The officials, however, were evasive when asked whether Israel had laid new minds in the suburb on the summer. They left Iran a spokesman for the one agency said, its experts found landmines were able to tell they were the new Israeli anti-personnel minds based on their type, shape and condition and the circle you in the upper right hand corner. The inter-area where the minefields were found have been cleared by agency experts between 2002 and 2004. So clearly these are new ones for us. She also said that Gary sounded as fingerprints for front and every one. How do you like that? How do you like them, kiss kiss, huh? Oh, and I never played twisted kissies. No, you didn't. Probably like, like, tough as too wide. Oh, it's a bulk of Brian bit. All be damned. I think it may be coming up. Now, what's this gay cubo movie you're talking about now? Cowboys from your heinous? What is it? Are you talking about cocaine cowboy? What is it? I sort of have to talk about it. What is it about? I believe that it's about the cops who were involved in all that cocaine trafficking here in our very own community. Not in South Florida, not Miami. Not quirky cops in South Florida. You've got to be kidding me. Hold it in science fiction, but nevertheless. Wow. Must have been a real aberration. Over here we got the mad dog coming up. Next morning we get to the real important stuff to sports dog. Here on sports radio where our sports at the time is 152. Sports radio time. As opposed to like regular non sports time. 255, you know, the interesting part of the whole thing is as much as the war anti the sports mafia. I probably watch more sporting events. You know, when you throw in a hockey games, I watch in a horse racing and harness racing and a football. Then a lot of the clowns we got on the radio station pretending to be sports mavens. You know what I'm saying? I could be wrong about that, but wouldn't surprise me. I watched my crap. I watched that game last night. I want to say it again. Time to hang them up bread. I don't care if he's got like two passes away. As soon as he breaks the record time to hang them up. You don't think so Josh? No. Well, why do you say that? I don't think the packer stink. I don't think the packer's suck. The packer is below, baby. They stink. Not like the bucks though. The biggest name. So that's it. Another thing. We are rocking our set of boys. Radio 560. It's day home. We're having a joke. But you're good. And five six. So WQA. We're going to go to the gym. No, no, no, no. I can't take it easy. I hate the wrong things and I. I hate the car of you, too. I don't want to let my pants out. They feel a little too tight. I don't want to go to the car of the car of the car of the car of the car. And I don't want to let my kids get charged with the fuel. What? There's my bad up news of shady. I don't know why you. Just guess if Shive is driving me crazy. I don't want to know. I'll get simply gross to whom he is. I don't make it through the toilet, Shave me. I don't want to go. I don't want to let my kids get charged with the fuel. So that you can take night sleep together. You can sleep together. That you got the tune I said. geen timeigned up with your fucking eye. Don't bother me and I go. I'm gonna take my time. So I have to take your time. Because if I drop a strong, warm one, now feel fine. And if I don't go, simply when my kiss is out, twisted to you. Bye-bye-bye!