I have mine too. That's a very nice call, tomato fun. Me too. Yeah. Cordula for well. Yes, me too. By rigged. I was suspended. One last time. Not just kidding. No, it was very cordial. And you know what? Four minutes, you might have that chance. You know what? The guy took the caromy when all of a sudden done. They have no complaint. And I think, mostly, for letting me be here and adding years to my life. Yep, which by the way will be pleased to know my blood pressure is excellent. 11, over 66. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to come back to the time period of the wishes of many of the O-Jumper of Octopus out there. You know, you know, by the way, who's here? I'm no aerial sharon. Yes. Any K. At the time, I thought any K was like, counteraculating. You know, that Renfield goes and opens up the gas. Okay. How do you think? Because if the six o'clock, he could never be there. Yeah, exactly. That is amazing. Hey, I want to say a word. And I know you've talked about him a little bit. Tuxing. Pass away. What a shame. What a nice thing. He and I play golf together frequently. We were good friends for a long, long time. And he had a good sense of humor. Oh, yeah. He was a lot of fun to be around. And everybody knew him. You know, I, I, I once was, he was going up to New York for a muscular dystrophy association. He was a national vice chairman. And I was on the flight with him. And everybody came up and said, hello to him. This is a good shock. You know, and he never minded that. I don't think anybody didn't like Skipper Chuck. Yep. So anyway, this is a hard thought. And last night's a game, by the way. It was a, I'm believable. It was great. Unbelievable. I think Texas deserved a win. And USC deserved to lose because USC really in the first half. They could have put that game away. Exactly. They kept driving down a field and driving right on and ended some boneheads. They were exactly. Like Reggie Bush would have super lateral. And he gave me a break. I mean, he couldn't make a fourth and one. Yeah. And it can, and not only then, then he goes for it on fourth and two, which I thought Pete Carroll got our coach, which is what it lost again. There's a lot of food that he was. They were in at the end of the game. Yeah. Basically what he was saying is, I don't want to get them back to bulk. I don't think we can stop them. And instead of backing him up, maybe you inside their own 10-yard line. You know, he gives him the ball almost in the field, like in a 42-yard line. And that was the end of that. I'll tell you, they've been strong. I've never seen anybody like him. They just couldn't tackle him. They couldn't, they just couldn't bring him down. Yep. He's great. Never seen anything like that. I enjoyed it. Even on that fourth down play, you know he was going to get in there. You just knew it. Yep. Yeah. And everybody knew it, but Southern Cow, who for some reason had everybody back in the end. So I didn't protect their outside exactly. That's where Carol was supposed to be. All I'm like, hey, there's not come out of bonds. You know, just have anybody over on that side, not come up, but there was nobody near him. Oh, you had to do it. All they had to do to prepare for that game was to watch the way the throws play against Michael Vick. Yeah. And they, and I'm surprised, Carol didn't do that. Well, he went out of coach. But it was still a phenomenal game. Yes, it was. Particularly if you had the over. Here we go again. What a degenerate. So, by the way, one thing, the Minnesota Vikings, there are three guys who've been dot-tico peppers, smooth and Brian McKinney, all charged with misdemeanor. Oh, yeah. And they're running back, Mo Williams. Mo? There you go. Oh, and I'm sure that Moby and his meaty today. Yeah, I'm seeing him see her. See her? Not here yet. Really? Yeah. What is your name? Oh, that's enough. Okay, let me know about Mo. Yeah. No one back. I've got my back. My back is going to be there. Any K is here? You've scouted dark glasses on and he can's barely squitting through them. Yeah, I don't blame him. And he's mud enough. And there's no racing today. Not to be there during the daytime. No, but I got a great that Harold article about Gulf Stream. It was really amusing. In fact, even I have been printed that out of my time to get to it. It was a kid. You see it? I have not seen her. I saw all these. I saw the old cocks. There were Gulf Stream. It was pretty funny. I'm not worried if you have to come. Anyway, I got a ride. One of the guys in the name was Irving Goldberg. No relation. Well, you never know. I'm not a decent rail with her. Different Elsa cocks. Don't say that. You might have a lot of money. You never know. Different Elsa cocks or gold. I'll enjoy the meeting and give everybody a big kiss for me. I will. I'll just call him. Neil says A. And tell Greg thanks for the money. I'll say, since you're in Canada, Neil says A. Yeah. How's it going, E. Yeah, you too. And so they hired 13 questions down. You have the favorite rules. So they're up to nine. Eat that you all, drive me for your eyes. I wonder how you react when you discover Do you feel like being at something else You're not your man and trees at the board Without a reason, hold it And they brush away and they break onto the tray And print them in line To think that they don't want you to know One day you wake up and see your dream's gone Or the open minutes bring out a new show Let's get back to what we love you but Of you but, of you but, of you but You're just a group of, of you but, of you but You're just a group of, of you but, of you but You're just a group of, of you but, you know, What would really cause me to do for Read if we didn't have to do it in a group of And the cool miners huh? No, she fat, I was just saw, see the picture of her. Oh yeah, she's fat and got her fat head, fat head So they have her worst scarves a lot of time Try to cover up the fact she's got that fat neck And turtle neck. Keep your chin up, Rita. Don't worry about those numbers. She's disgusting. She just knows you. And she can't speak but other than that, what a great I'm, I'm telling you who I really like and I should have mentioned it to the Humper we have time is Keith Oberman. I'm like an in more and more. He's got a good show. Nobody watches MSNBC but, of anybody they got on there. He's pretty good. But of course, you don't even know who that is. Is all right. How much he's, Josh, who's that is, Because of the sports factor. Right. He was on sports center. Josh who picked the taxes to when yesterday We can graduate him on a magnificent pick. But nevertheless, like I said, USC should have blown him on the first half. They just, they just kept doing stupid things man. They just, they just managed and they deserved to lose. Texas deserved to win and USC deserved to lose. And that's the way one. That is correct. But that was a phenomenal game. Awesome. Oh, and don't let me forget tomorrow because we'll have more time with the Humper. Keith Jackson was so bad last night. I feel bad for him. That's how bad he was. Well, that's what happens when you call like two games a year. Well, not only that, but when you get to be 100 years old, I mean, there comes a point when you just hang it up and say, You know, I always like Keith Jackson. He was fun. He had that, uh, drawl and a whole deal. He was okay. But he, he needed a cup of center road map last night. I never know. We've ABC couldn't afford one. He had no idea what was going on. No, he didn't. You were just listening and you were saying, Oh, Nelly. Yeah, exactly. Oh, no, Nelly. He was not good. But did any of it the game was great. And even his horrendous performance couldn't detract from that. Well, I don't want any tracks from your enjoyment of this great Thursday. But five US soldiers were killed on a roadside bomb hit their vehicle. I'm patrol and bagged at today and another two American soldiers were killed by Roadside bomb near Najoff. So that's seven more today. Police said earlier said that only two civilians were killed. And Jaffa come to find out. Some American soldiers as well. Before we go to a skipper Chuck, that's really sad. Yeah, does. See what I've said about the good people. All the way, he isn't exactly young, but, you know, for him it was young. And the good people by your end, of course, that fat aerial show on. Have another cheeseburger area. By the way, nobody told him it was trace. Not that he would care, I guess. I guess. You know, are those people that's real careful about your culinary enterprise. He didn't have that look about him. I told him they actually gave the FBI the first stroke couple of weeks ago. They gave the run down. I'm what he had for dinner the night before they weren't joking about hamburgers and lamb chops and beef kabab. And a couple of other things. It followed by two huge servings of chocolate cake. Cake factory is right now. I mean, when you're 70 years old and you weigh 700 pounds, it shouldn't come as any. And then they were joking about in between the two strokes about all of those darks that told him to go out of diet. He's going to go out of diet. Yeah, like that. Yep, yep, yep. We'll see him no more. He's still alive though, for anybody who's like glued to that aerial showroom. Old fan to you. Oh, I shouldn't say that. Oh, and I got a great story about a pizza thief. That's what I wanted to do before I do a skipper Chuck and the poles and all that stuff. Nothing worse than a pizza thief. You know what? Do do do do do do do do do. That song by Gary Lewis and the playboys everybody loves to clown. Right? Well, everybody hates a pizza thief. Kansas City, Missouri. A man apparently looking for free lunch was arrested for allegedly assaulting a pizza delivery man. I can only think of two pizza thieves in one or two around the line on tape, right? That's right. Sly me line up and then of course said that on the one. Police say Virgil Dennis ordered three pies from Pizza Hut at lunchtime Tuesday and gave the address of a vacant apartment downstairs from his own. When the driver arrived at the 30 say 22 year old Dennis pressed a knife against the delivery man's neck and demanded the pizzas. The crime was your... Ha ha ha ha. You didn't want money, he just wanted the pie. That's all. The crime was imported in police traced the number Dennis provided the pizza act when apartment two floors up from the one where the pies were delivered. He was real clever. On officers arrived that they said a young man and woman opened the door holding a small girl who was eating a slice of pizza. That was our first clue set officer George Springer who was almost as good as Charlotte Holmes. Officers said they found Dennis hiding in a bat room. While police waited for an officer to be terribly delivery driver to identify as the salmon, Dennis bolted from the apartment barefoot handcuffs still dangling on one wrist. This guy jumps across about six different balconies, scales down the second floor set officer during snap. After a brief struggle in the parking lot, police got him under control the driver identified Dennis as the thief as the peacher thief. Jackson County prosecutor, Charles Dennis was first to be robbery arm criminal action. Police returned the un-eaten slices to pizza hut. Which they probably put on their own buffet later on. I would imagine that. They returned the un-eaten slices to pizza hut. I mean come on. Tracker please. A little bit silly. Well, okay let's do the pull results from yesterday and then the poor skipper chuck we had to really tragic. Yep. An aerial shurong while that's more expected I would think. You know when you wait like I said 2,000 pounds and your 77 years old and you can barely walk. That doesn't vote well for a long half whatever. Here's our pull yesterday. We took 1377 boats and then I sneak the other one in the near last night when at least expected. I like doing that because when you come up with another pull and Eric gets it on a real quick. Why not? You know. Newarige is very entertaining 539 out of 1377. A voice of reason 296. Absolutely. A genius 155. A fat old fag 147. Absolutely. God 106. A panic 67. Stale. Absolutely. 48. The device is 16. The anti-Christ 15, boring and a big at only 9 apiece. Out of 1377 most, at least we're not boring on issue anyway, okay? I don't think the business is still but even stale can be like tasty if you're really hungry. Like crackers, right, actually old a month a man. Slab a little butter on that thing and some salt and you'd be amazed at how when you're really desperate. Down and out. Your day is coming for that. What to be desperate? No, yeah. That's what I mean like tomorrow. Skipper Chuck 80 dies following a stroke boy. There is a guy. I mean talk about local broadcasting legends. Right. How many local broadcasting legends would you say there were been in radio and TV? I'd say. From this time. Rick Shaw. Yeah. It's how Florida. Rick Shaw. Okay. Ralph Redneck. Skipper Chuck. Right. Bob Weaver. Robots on handbreak. Does he qualify? No. Okay. He was near long enough. All right. It was good. It was very good. Probably the best news anchor we ever had but not there long enough. And now there are going to be too many legends now because they're like for about five minutes. Oh, you'll never guess who was doing the news at noon one of the days I was there. I'm trying to force. That could give you a little too. Parkling, puking, angel over there. And I thought, hey, things are just as bad as ever. Anyway, Chuck these ain't no remember the remote we did. We're actually Rick yeah I guess we did one there too. Rick and such wrong dinner remote from someplace. Or was that in the grove somewhere? I don't know. You were there. I was. And Skipper Chuck was one of the guests that I wasn't there. And I was there and I guess I had done my show there and they were like doing the active noon stolt at that point. And Skipper Chuck was there and I was like given a couple of raspberries. And he had a good sense of humor. He was fun. He didn't take himself too seriously. But guys nothing worse than somebody who takes himself. Who seriously? Chuck these ain't no no hundreds of thousands of south Florida baby boom kids. A Skipper Chuck has wished his fans peace loving happiness for the last time. Zink 80 has died at a vocal hospice following a stroke. A lifelong entertainer's ink was best known for the as the spirit of host of the Popeye Playhouse morning children show on the old WTV day for nearly a quarter of a century from 57 to 79. At one point the waiting list to be 130 to 35 kids have got to enjoy the show live in the studio. Reach two years. Waiting list of two years even hours been it didn't have that. In 1972 an estimated 49% of they brought in Monroe County TV regularly tuned into a 7A broadcast for that's almost half 49 sure. In a money hero trafficking view that year is ink between his success to his genuineness. Your sureest act never gonna lie to the kid business being anybody where yourself he told writer Robert Bowenon. Kids can spot a phony in mile away and I'll tell you if you are. I'm a guy who hopes these I hope these kids like to look up to me said I suppose his skipper Chuck I can be sort of a hero to them all we need and we all need a hero. I've never tried to be a father image or a big brother I just tried to be me. Although where was the day in zinc life that he wasn't greeted by a bear skipper Chuck to burn out his only audience. Zinc spent 12 years as the announcer for the Jackie Greason show I never knew that. You know that? And hosted misuniverse page in surround the globe for CBS. He also hosted 22 King Orange Parades 24 local broadcast of Labor Day telephones and several Quiz Showers and Travel programs. Even once tried to host the Orange Bull Parade on radio. After he was booted from the annual TV broadcast to make way for the younger talent, recalled his co-host at the time, current WLRN Miami Hill Radio News anchor Ronda Victor. Good old Ronda I worked with Ronda at a couple of stations she's out at P.R.D. There was an outcry from a lot of traditionalists who were unhappy to see Chuck Go said Victor who twice as a child was among the pop-eye playhouse studio audience. WKAT thing here can capitalize aside at Chuck and I could co-host that Orange Bull for it on radio. It was the best executed plan ever but we hit a ball. She said. Los News to WJN-8640M heard zinc is a disjockey of his daily lunch bunch radio program featuring music of the 40s and 50s which he hosted in the last fall. And in recent years he was a familiar TV pitchman for the cemetery-vellowed communities. I felt bad about that, you know. Well you got to make a living here. And I know but you know it's kind of like saying well I'm getting old so therefore all you old-farts out there I'm your hero now. He was always brimming with new concepts to pursue said Dora's burn heart to produce zinc's children's show in his later years and worked him on many other rough projects. Right up until last time I saw him around Labor Day he was planning three different shows that he wanted to do him. I was putting him together for him, Bernhardt said. Zinc as an only child was born in South Bend Indiana grew up as a farm boy. He spent five years in the Marines served as Sergeant in the South Pacific during WW2 receiving a bronze star for bravery. He later worked in a variety of radio jobs in Pennsylvania from this hockey to program to record before making the gym to TV as a newscaster. He came to my main 506 began working as a weatherman for WTVJ, the following year in disaster right in host the kids program. I stared down and thought of my last six months he said it went on for 23 years. As Skipper Chuck employed occasional set pieces but mostly he in his longtime sidekick scrubby played by Richard Andrews followed an edlib format. Zinc opened each show with a three finger wave and another stand by was a song piece love and happiness. The live audience was filled with kids who sat in bleachers, cheered played games and chatted with Skipper Chuck scrubby and other shows characters. Zinc didn't seem to be broadcasting educational TV. I'm not an educator, I'm an entertainer he once said, but he took a courageous moral stand in the 50s when he insisted that the in-study audiences for the pop-up playhouse no longer be visually segregated. This was unprecedented for a 70th station in that day which earns the national praise. And it's early days and it's said the class had been playing either all black or all white studio audiences. One day he heard the program's reservation take a rest in your phone car or are you covered in credulous you're the person never asked that question again. The show went through a pure hell making a policy stick Zinc said the show also went underwent two regional Emmy awards. Zinc and his wife Clarice never had children. A fact that Zinc sent gave him greater patience with kids than if he was on. I like that. Well, Mr. Skipper Chuck. Well, I want to legend in South Florida. Right. It was no Dickie Farkle man. He had his moments. This is the real Rogers. This is by 162. You idiot, whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just to help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. You company man, you fairy. Oh, this isn't the one I wanted to play. Sorry, my bad. Well, no, that's out of you. Have you ever done that? Are you kidding me? Huh? It's times a day. No. We're just the one that I wanted to play. I think he goes like, right here somewhere. Is that it? First I got a snorkeye. I got to snap the other one first. Oh. He goes like this. I'm going to get a creepy one. That's by Bob and Corio. You have a pack of dollars. Not so much more than hating the family that is hard to add to this. If this time you're not still alive. That's it. Others must have passed. Because you have a great big fatter. Or you're always trying to make money. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You lose it. You're a foot of finally burst. I have another one that's already been seen in this light. You've asked for some in. And then it's too bad. You've never turned high to easy paths. And then after Jim or has another good role. Since one very good role. Since thousand thoughts. You fare it. It's not better not to put an answer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're by John Corley on rounds of goodbye. Are y'all strong. You know what? I need to admit it. And it wouldn't surprise me if we have a good bicycle or Chuck. I'm not soon. I could be wrong about that. But I don't think so. Speaking of a real sure all he ate in good shape. He weighs 848 pounds to get in the piano case. Ready? I don't know what that means. Is really a prime minister. Are y'all sure going to merge from emergency brain surgery. This morning after suffering a massive stroke is the national vigil over his life continued. Dr. said his vital signs appeared normal, but that his condition remained. And this is not a good choice of words. I don't think his condition remained grave. Oh, oh. In that a bad word. That is grave. That should just be good. Or something. Speaking of graves, they better get a bunch of ready in Iraq because we got more bad news. We said to some more American soldiers who are dead. Not that we're counting by the way. It's for a very good cause. Two suicide bombers killed at least 110 people. And see, this is about the fourth time I printed this story out this morning. Okay. We'll keep going up and up. Ben up. Ben up. First it was 80 and then it was 92 and it's 110 and wounded more than 200 more. In the Iraqi cities of Carbola and Ramadi today, the second consecutive day of concerted in Surgeon at TAS. The insurgency is waning, though. Don't forget your vice president, Dictul, to set several miles of body you're going out. It's waning. I get. It's waning men. Another three bombers exploded and bagged at two of them detonated by suicide bombers in the roadside bomb targeted the US convo in here. The holy city of Najaf is throwing a humby and killing at least two civilians there. Coming a day after 58 other people died in the way of bombings and shootings. The latest bloodshed appeared certain to rash it up tension between the Sunnis and the Shiites. And meanwhile, the Kurds are busy. Poking up at long. Tew. To the oil pipeline. But nevertheless. And also in Afghanistan. See, if we were to concentrate on doing like one job and got it done right, which we never do. Like the Taliban. Tell a man. Tell a man. I don't think about it. So, suspected Taliban militants have been headed ahead, Master in a Central Afghan town. The latest in a string of attacks on teachers and schools in the vulnerable region, official city yesterday, they've been capitalated by the of Malim Abdul Habib, was found on a Roman Calak town. And when they said, I'll leave Khalil. But it's just me, you know. They're just sound all the same to me. The Samans were believed to have killed him late Tuesday in front of his family after breaking into the house. Habib was the headmaster of the Sheikh, Mati Baba High School, which is really nice. Well, that's right next to Ali Baba. And all those thieves, which is attended by some 13 and reports and girls. See, that's the Chigrin of Woodpeil is the girls. They don't like that. Zubul province's education director, Blame the Taliban for the killing. Only the Taliban are against girls being educated. He said the Taliban often attack our teachers and beat them, but this is the first time once they've killed in this province. The insurgents in the past year, occasionally put up posters around Kalat demanding that girls schools be closed that it and threaten in kill teachers. Don't be teaching girls, okay, they're only good. They're one or two things and learn and they want to. They let up a point. Yeah. Oh, really? So, man, with two daughters, no. That's right. Like I said, and a wife, but nevertheless, and I was held again last night, two by another in the football. Oh, yeah. Jaxel's had all about it. Look, look at the yellow down there in the break. I'll give me inside after the show. Well, you won't have time to do these breaks today. No. This is quite a testimony. Now, what's nice saying when Jordan was on vacation about the fact that there was no sales holes around, what's nice saying, Jaxel, after the first year, we'll have an empty log because they're not to do anything. Yeah, pretty sure you said that. And guess what? We came to a self-affluent prophecy. Not that we care anymore. And by the way, clearance, you're a slow learner. All or he's not listening. Well, he's in that big meeting with Greg, who's saying goodbye. Yeah, he called me to film a record about four clock yesterday afternoon. Neil, let's Greg read. And I thought, you know what? I thought to myself when I heard Greg. Yeah. Because haven't I been saying that once, Greg, Perry left and Duff got the motor to sales hole, that that was the definitive sign that he was no longer going to be GM. He's going to be a consultant for the company. And he's going to have several other stations on the west coast. He's going to be consulting as well. And anyway, no, we had a very cordial conversation. He was very complimentary. And the kiss my ass on both cheeks and even little in the middle, too, was pretty embarrassing. Just a lucky lucky. He was very, very nice. No hostility, no, you know, best of luck in the, have a great life. You know, there's an interesting pull of the Sun sent us things. I could like to got a call to said that he was in Oakville. Remember that yesterday that guy was in Oakville, Ontario? Okay, give me a saw in an answer about how crime is just as bad in Toronto and all that. And the high price again, which he's right about the gas. But that would be like my coming to South Florida going to land Tana for a couple of days. And then giving you a lecture about what they didn't grow or like all about. And then it just Oakville. I mean, Oakville, first of all, like 40, 50, 40, at least 40 miles from here. It's like a little pot of suburbot and Yenem's belt in the middle of nowhere, and this guy's an expert. And then we had another fact which I didn't even bother with, Doug, the essence of it. Well, everybody's coming in there pouring in a saw floor and you're like knocking it. The Sun sent it look a really interesting pull. They got a 656 year responses last time I attracted. The cost of living is pouring in South Florida, real estate insurance, gas, utilities, property tax bills, even our restaurants are now among the costliest in the US if you considered moving. 60, 60, 50, 50 votes, 21.1% say no, South Florida's home. 7% say no, every place I'll say would live as just as expensive. 41.1% say yes I thought about it, but it would be too complicated at the moment. And 30.8% say yes I'm actively looking to move. So you add those last two categories, you've got 70, about 72%. Hmm? Who are either dying to get out or like already in the planning? So the fact that a lot of other suckers, I mean a lot of other folks are coming down and you know, hopping up the properties and so on, and thinking that they're going to have fun. The sun that said paradise, well, you know, that's, we'll see how long they last. By the way, expensive would be so bad if it was worth it. Right. Right, like here, it's not cheap living here at all, by far from it. Man, if you had any idea what I'm paying for right here, you fall off the chair right there. And the price of there, there are no bargains here, man, especially now that the Canadian dollar is going to move back up there like 87 cent. When I came here was like 62 cent against American House 87, that's a quarter under every dollar that I've lost in last whatever four years, what it is, what it be. So it's not cheap, but again, it's worth paying if you get in something that we're in return. It's like West Europe is certainly not cheap any of those countries there. My goodness. Custom, multi, uh, much of the arrow, multi-card role, but nevertheless, it's worth it to a lot of people. And of course, our audience thinks, oh, gee, no, you're wrong, you know, everybody wants to come to South Florida. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. So there'll be passion most of you folks as you run away at, there'll be just way you, hey, good luck to you, you'll need it. How about today's pool, what do you think about what? Our goal is a thousand votes today, and since I put it on there about seven o'clock last night, we already got 790. 790, oh, you see this symbolism there? 790, damn, then I think good, Joel Finder would fix that. The most overdum news story of the past year is the missing trick in a rouba 2702. Terry Andrew Q. Fuba. 205. Pretty good second place. They're runaway bride 145. Michael Jackson, trial 68, four-lettered L. K. goes to Iraq 39, Rosa Parks dies 16, her cane Katrina 16, the war at Iraq 12, Nounazi Pope 7, cool minor 7. I mean, that's just ridiculous. There are only seven people think that's the most overdum story to last year, wow. Terry, you're still hawking away on a manner of just have sex like a sickness, when they're looking at his ears from now, when they're still hawking about it, that it'll be a contender. Oh, and they will be. Supreme Court nominations five, Republicans, canables three, hurricane Wilma II, the Iraq elections two, and Nounazi London bombings in the cube, and zero for the Asian earthquake 799, which is just fine if you ask me. Let's look at that award winning line up for Thursday. Mohour David did that. 2. Mad dogs got three salam hours tonight, bar sure hope he's in training. 4-7. Everybody in the meeting did all those people show up at work at other times, is that just how do we know we have no windows? Well, I mean, you ought to get some scuttled butt. It's got a little over there and looking to look at the real. Great. Can't hotline at Bernie Cosa, is it seven? I'm sure that we're talking about the fired coaches and about the tremendous performance in the tick-filei-a-peets bowl. The beast at Bernie's in nine o'clock and then any k-a-10 o'clock tonight, long day for the K-man. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16-18. Here's my fellow's return. She's got militant. She has put out a bail and slapped on some explosives and is looking for someplace to detonate it. But tell toys, if it turns into you, she's hot barbeque. She hot barbeque comes with her old toy, her to pick up truck, which she is not allowed to be driving several traditional barkers in the plans to blow up an embassy or our dirt market. You are making the choice. Jeanne Barbie comes to bring her dead-lating device they may or may not work, just like that real ones. So get Jeanne Barbie today and start planning your own Jeanne Harvey. I'll sail it all. Bagged act, toysters now. Just in time for the infid of holiday season. What does it say about a place when 72% of the people won out? What does that tell you that might not be a great place to live? Not good. Nice to go. Let's get a lot of calls in here today for crying out loud. Give her a check, dice, and you think he's going to be lit up like a Christmas tree, like a Hanukkah Bosch. What we talked about a Monday and Tuesday. You did? I did. Well, why is that? Somebody faxed in during the previous week. I knew he had a stroke. We mentioned a lot of things about it. You know, did a chain reaction. Think people were calling up saying, you know, hey, I was on the show and he was really cool. You know, right. I got a big sugar daddy. They gave those to the kids. Oh, I see. A big sugar daddy. I thought maybe we were making like a statement. No. 567.0560. Pound 560. Verizon and singing around son of me. We just wishless with the new year. I'm not sure what that was. How many Q.A.M. Hello? Hey, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. You're talking about Keith O'Rman. I'm pretty much the only one that watches that show also. I guess you and me, we're the two. It's a bigger show. And now about Keith Jackson last night, pretty much hilarious. This is a quote. The stadium is full of text storage and also USC. Silent pause. He didn't know what colors USC was. Yeah, well, that was a trivia question they had in Lady Man again. It was about what USC player was. What was the question? I think what the question was, but it's one the M.D.P.D.D. Rosemal M.D.P. more than or two times or more. It wasn't USC player, but it was that was the question. Well, yeah, he left the two times. He left the two times part of it out. He didn't read the whole thing. He was in coherent man. He was a lot erasing. Love you, Neil. Thanks. Put him out to the past year. Okay, and again, this is not a guy I ever just liked. I always thought he was fine. I'll enjoy them. But you know, it comes a tell me. You get to be 110. It's time to say bye. Bye. God. I wonder when Barry Jackass is going to get around to analyzing that. Ripping him the big fat ass that he deserves. Barry. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I heard you talking about Miami. I thought I'd go my Houston. That's it. Yeah. I was born here and raised in the New York. And I do my work here. I started my business here. Oh, yeah. The city drives me nuts. With a traffic and the crazy people from everywhere. Yeah. Think about how to get where and customer service just doesn't exist. No responsibility and no accountability. But I don't know what family's here. And it's beautiful. And I like the weather. I don't know if I want to go freeze my ass off up there. Next to you. Yeah. Well, I see. What is not everything? Yesterday was like 41 and felt like 60 to me. It's just not that bad. And I'm not that extreme. No. I didn't see when nobody wants to live in Buffalo or Detroit or places like that. But why not just go to the weather. All right. Exactly. No, like I love you. You've got a line that used to say that nothing's wrong with Miami. That a complete people transplant couldn't take care of. That's right. There's nothing wrong with the area. I mean, it's a beautiful place. But he just got to wrong people there. Right. Love you, Neil. Good luck, Pally. Hang in there. Somebody has to. Oh, near your wrong man. People are just dying. You're flooding in here to South Florida. Too many of them. Too many of the wrong people. See. If they're being replaced by the white people, that would be a different story. Which would have auditions. Like those people of Florida, they'll airport on Monday. Who were the I just got kept thinking of myself. Who are these people? I mean, I don't know. This sure isn't my audience. And these aren't people that I've ever met or they just don't know. Maybe the same people at the mall last time, over there. Oh, well, how about the saw grass? Who are those people? I don't know. You walk in my head on grass. It's like a like the United Nations of the Wag it over in Nevada, Georgia. It's just a flush fest. That's a must even do. Yeah. A flush fest? Tell her. Well, now we're talking my language. It's like going to falls view casino man. Just sit there and let you tell me. I'll look at the top of your shoes. Or whatever it can look. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Get your licks on Route 66. Remember that show with George Maharashtra, whoever the hell it was? No. Hey George. You're fairie. I'll play the theme for you if you want it. Okay. Come on to QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great. What about Phoenix Arizona? What about it? I'm moving there. I'm getting a hell out of South Florida. Oh, man. Well, are you going to start old enough to me? What's that? You're going to start old enough to go to Arizona. You're going to be able to go home. I'm 30 and you know what? One thing different about being out west and being out here. Yeah. People actually like it out there. If you ask anybody how do you like it? They say they love it. But you have to normal person in South Florida. How do you like the people here? The only reaction is they suck. Yeah. Let's true. And if it's not good enough for me. Shit. Okay. I'll go like you, family. Watch out for those. Watch out for those. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I'm still waiting here. Route 66. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were saying. I don't mean you want to hear it. I mean, I was just joking about that. I just thought you had to all queue up. I can't live without it. Arizona to me is just too. I shouldn't say it. I almost took that job in New Arizona before I came to Miami. You, ma. Everyone to you, ma. No, I haven't. Don't. You only go to think about you, ma. Is it's close to California? Then it's not all that far from Vegas. But, well, what I just, I don't know. I mean, it's very scenic like driving to New Mexico and Arizona. Very scenic. Beautiful to look at. But then I'll look at. Right. Oh, look at. With a conference. It's still standing. Things like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, and like I said yesterday, I'm not here to pedal any place. I'm not for the chamber of commerce. Do not come to Toronto. You're hated like poison. Do not go to Rochester. It's, uh, cobs hill in the Rhonda Quentin. What are you, go where you want to go. You don't have a great life. That guy would destroy about Oakville. I mean, I would know. It's like saying, oh, I was in, uh, Boint and beach for a couple of days and you're just doing on a way and think about South Florida. That's right. Oakville, my ass. I mean, that is way down the road. That's another way that I refal. Get it. Give me a break. WDQ, I am. Hello. Morning. You'll two things. Shepherd Chuck was the greatest thing you ever have. And a kid TV. And I'd love to see grassfires. I'm going to take it away. And check out my new year's wish. Okay. There you go. That's guy with a short list. WQ, I am. There's your 66 for it. With a, I don't know. I'm not really sure if that was the show that George may hear us on. I don't know. I'd write a line guy. Huh? Book a title though. Now I know he would know, but you could also Google Roots 66. You just Google TV show with 66 and will tell you who he's on. Good team song. No, I do like that team. No, but that there is. Seems to me once upon a time I may have driven on Roots 66. I'm not really sure. I do remember my driver cross the seven tier on I-10. Yeah. That picked up that hitchhiker. There's many years ago back when we used to pick up hitchhikers. Remember those days? You've ever seen probably not all the time. No, I remember it used to be say it's pick up hitchhiker. Right. And the hitchhiker. In fact, his name was Chuck Ryan. You haven't been years ago. That is then. That was his name. But I can remember a couple of those boys. Things. But anyway. Come on. Wait for it. Roots for Harris is absolutely correct. I didn't want to step on the end of that team song. George Marris knew his other guy. Uh, so that's how I'll text in here. No. Daniel. Yes, sir. I was question about the game last night. Yes. First song. I thought I'd ask George a question if I may. Martin, no. That was our Martin Milner. George. Caller. Why do you continue to hang? What are you talking about, do you fall? Can you continue to eat? What? Get out of here. That's just not the same idea as two-plus old. Yeah. Two-plus old fart. That's right. There was two-plus. I'm going to continue to hate him until he died. Yeah. He's like boys and hopefully you die real fast. In fact, maybe we can do a swap. We can bring Chuck a skip or Chuck back to life. And you can take his spy. In the game. New Rogers. This is five 16. 16. Yes. You can a lot of it. All right. The Rogers on Sports Old Radio W-A-A. And now, the show, this is the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas win. Excuse me, Mr. Pizzon, but I... Why are you wearing headphones, sir? Oh, hey Dick. I'm monitoring some illegal wire taps. Mr. President, don't we have people to do that? Step, but I have the really important call, sit right here to the overlaps. Oh, hang on. Something big is coming over. Oh, what is it, sir? Word of a terrorist attack? No. Brittany is taking care of an hour of the house again. And he just should have a date with Wednesday, Lauren. Oh, that no. Come back next time. For a fair enough, it comes as fast as you can serve in a view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas win. 125 over 87. Does that mean when you're approval? No, yeah. I'm cool. We ought to be a static, you ought to be like jumping around and trying to come that. Now we're talking about one and the other room to get this thing too. I would have thought would have sat for like four or five minutes. If I would have sat through the end of that long commercial break, before I took it. Yeah. Boy. Now what's that thing? You're on here. Are you fasting me something now? I did. Got to hear that yawning sound on my fancy birthday. My birthday. My birthday. Must be a commentary on the show so far. The most overdone news story of the past year. 859 votes are gold as a thousand. See, I figured yesterday we went right down to the wire because we took it for granted. Don't ever take South Florida people for granted. You have to keep pushing them and pushing them. So last night we got part of our new head start program. Oh yeah, I know about George Meheris. This is an actual picture of him. I can't really make out the whole thing. No, you can make it out enough. Is he like with somebody else in that picture? Well, he's with a friend, but it's not somebody else. What is it? A blow up dog? No, it's just his number there. Oh, I can't see it. Oh, well, because he never did nothing for me. George Meheris's gay. You were right. His actual picture. I'm saying, well, why would I say it if we were in true? What are you laughing about? Tell my story. Your next governor is going to be gay. Huh? You don't know. You don't know about that anyway. Why? Who have I ever said his gay is not? Nobody. Give me a name. Tommy Cruz. Give me a name. Give me one name. No, I would just laugh at it. Why would you say it if it wasn't true? I'm talking about that. No, something. About that subject. No, never. Well, there you go. I mean, can you call anybody anything worse than gay? I can't think of anything. I was going to maybe lie or cheat in scoundrel and Republican. Pinch your thief. Republican, right? Born again, phonetic and not religious, not all of these. All of these things. But other than that. Oh, how about Jack Abraham? I realize that we got it like zero went on the coal mine to say I stood about how the media screwed up real bit. I do like Keith Oberman. Yeah, I warmed up him very slowly because when he had to show a previous that MSNBC, I thought he was a real A-hole. And he still does some things that annoy me, like a little melodramatic for me. But he's a very bright guy and he happens to be liberal, which I know is unacceptable these days. And he rifts bush and ass to be chancey gets. And he has some interesting stuff on there. Even Josh knows who that is. He was very funny when he did sports. Well, there you go. And he's still very funny on MSNBC, 8 to 9 p.m. on whatever they call that show. Countdowns, that's the name of the show. I have no idea. Well, he was an actual sports center anchor. Like he didn't know that. And he went from there then he bummed about a little bit and they wound up on MSNBC. And he got all pissed off because they would let him say anything during the monocopusiness. And was it the monocopus thing or the OJ? I forgot what period of time he got with monocopus. And he got that out of shape with them because they wouldn't let him say anything. And then he finally surfaced on MSNBC. Well, wait a minute. What was the one I just said he was on? He was on there when John Gibson was on there. And then John Gibson decided that he was a full fledged goose stepping Nazi. So he decided, oh, by the way, that's some good news. Okay, me, good news for me. And good news for John Jers. Remember you told me he was sending me chocolates, right? Well, they're not going to get here. They're not going to get here. Oh, that's right. They're not going to be a ship food across the border. So. You're going to be a reserve giant. Why is the big giant so far? I could have heard it. Why? I could have eaten that job. Yeah, that's right. Somebody there could be enjoying it. Somebody who's not diabetic and not starving under privileged family. Like me. That's right. So it got his punishing you man. Just like he's punishing Ariel Sharon for being a big fat and freeding Trifeman when he had those big and cheese burgers. That just put the Lord over the edge. You couldn't have let no molter. That was bad. Poor Skipper Chuck. You know, look at all the pan- In fact, I'm working on a poll about the all-time broadcasting legend in South Florida. Look at all the people who are dead. Oh, hell. What? You don't get out alive. Ralph Redneck? Mm-hmm. And there is shit as they're short of this story, though. Final goodbye to the man known as Skipper Chuck. Join us tonight for the- Right, there's scrubbing you for up Chuck. The only thing I only bone ever had to pick with him was when he kept leaving his teeth in the glass of tropical acres. That kind of bothered me a little bit. How do you know that where his? And it's just a joke. Jesus God. He was a spokesman for tropical acres. Did you ever eat in there? I probably shouldn't say anything about them because they were young. Oh, they might. Huh? You shouldn't. Well, I will anyway. No, seriously, the average age of the pre-po-eating in there is like death plus 10. I'm telling the beastly. Have you ever been in there? You go ahead and tell the Freaking Beesley's of hard and speak it and other Beesley's all man. You talk about our real bunch of big spenders. So yesterday we had another near stroke experience with the certain people getting me crazy before to show, which currents came in again this morning and stopped doing that, because just go away. I love his life this morning. Whatever happened to us. Not a great line. But like he and I ever had a great relationship. I mean, I have no problem with him personally, but business, I mean, coolest. I didn't tell you until now, but we taste Troy away this morning. Because you know how you told me you wanted to thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, reviews that are the microphone on and we got a pointy stick and drug monon. Good. Good. I hope you're scared of them with it. And anyway, so the deal is the Beesley's are going to put the seed money for the best of the 30th anniversary marcher. And what is that going to start? I don't know yet. We don't know yet, but so. But anyway, we're coming out with a CD. And of course the first day is out. People would be like it'll be on the internet and you can download it for free. Eating the steel it and then burn copies of it. They do it all the time, which is one of the reasons we stopped doing the CDs. It went primarily to make it those key chains, which went over a big. I was told that we actually had more of a surplus leftover key chains in CDs. And on. Yeah, what do you want to know why? That wasn't too with the mad dog key chains. They went like, uh, cupcakes. They went like, cauliflower man, hadn't. We got leftover both of them right around. What's the one with your buddy? That one, who do I wanted that, you know? Although I will say that for him. Both times we raised money for a benefit rescue. We had the, um, mobits. And we had the key chain. Now, and we went and asked him if it was okay with him. Nothing we needed to do that because it's station material that we put on there. You know, but nevertheless he, he was cool with it. And he said, you know, it's for a good cause. And he also said, What? I was that on there. By the way, I don't think that's on there. Is it? I think that that's in free. Key chain preceded the, So we'll save, we'll do the best we can. But anyway, the bees, these are put up to 10 grand seed money. But then of course they're going to take it back out of the proceeds. That's the point I was making. If they really had any kind of generosity when appreciation for what I've done these eight years, they'd say, oh, no sweat. We'll write the check, no problem at all. And we want all the proceeds to go to the charity and the, T. Salood, you know, kiss my ass, which is what Greg did for 20 minutes yesterday. And I had asked burn. I think it was bear. I had asked burn right after that call. I couldn't believe him. Me, the very nice. Huh? The meeting is over, by the way. So what's the load on? Are we going to start report? Well, I got that, uh, mole was not in the meeting. Neither was the mad dog. Well, they probably got a phone call. Cause thanks for the gutter phone call. Do you want the, uh, the load down? Yes, our new general manager. Joe Bell. What is it again? Joe Bell from the, because it's a road just a bee's station kiss. So we love Joe Bell. He's a great guy. I don't really know. He was over here, but then, uh, get that'll back on over there because he got a shuttle back and forth for a while. Right. And, uh, that's it. It's, uh, yet to be determined who's going to be moving where. Now, do we get our fart sounds back? Oh, no. One step at a time, sweet Jesus. No, seriously, do we, I think Joe Bell, has a guy with a little, uh, you know, he's coming in in a different position and a Greg was. Maybe the, yeah. Well, we know if position Greg was in. Screw and told me. But anyway, so we got Joe Bell as our new general manager. You legend take very long. It's only the fifth of January. And we got a new general mangrove and Greg is going to be consulting and, um, pulling some strings behind the scenes, and whatever he's going to be doing. And more power to him. Good luck to him. Right. Absolutely. And good luck to him. I mean, to say absolutely because Joe Bell's a big fan of the show. That's what I was told. I'm a birdie told me that. He loves this show. He wants to make man passionate love with George. That's what I heard. Well, I'll, I'll bend right over. And this is kind of interesting because I think this will be the first time I ever work for, uh, general manager that I'm never going to meet. You're right. That is interesting. Yeah. I'll take a picture. Okay. Hey, hey, here he's a big guy. Oh, then you guys got all to get along just. He's like, well, you know, I don't know. I do haven't seen him. Laura has anyone even described him to me. He's a big, heavy set guy with a good sense of humor and a great guy. And we love him like crazy and just leave us alone. Five six, seven, five, sixy and work on that sales department. Oh, I know. I'm a lot of work. Boy, a lot of work. So Troy was actually in there this morning, huh? Yeah, I wasn't going to tell you about, you know, kind of came up. You, you've, I'd have passed the message along to him that, uh, he can take in personal or business or both. I don't want to talk to him for a long time. He just wanted to let a heart. He's on my brain heals. I make you part of just wanted to say hi. Yeah. Bye. I said, no. That's a serr. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, buddy, easy. Down with the heart attack. What is this man talking about? Do he say, is he had a heart attack? I think that's what he said. Oh, for all I know, maybe he's right. I don't know. How am I going to say? Yeah, I had a heart attack call it. Well, I sure will be finished in my fence. First. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? What? WQAM, hello. On Goliol. Yes, sir. Hello, you show me two. That's very good. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? What do you know? I was watching the hockey game tonight. Something to do with hockey. Just the comment. What a guy's made. And we've got to get into third period last night. Yeah. I came four, three down. What to do. I'm going to roll the choking again. I'm just glad I didn't have to watch on top. Anyway, you know, popping into his body could do the have an announcement. Dude, we're talking about the. The others are playing the range this one night. Yeah, he goes, well, the others are playing the range. He's over. That's a call of him. I guess it's one place. He's saying that is popping sucks tonight. I just thought it was kind of funny. And also, he can't. That kind of reset it on the 30, 30 set of history. 50 is what it is. No, no. Don't keep all. Yeah. I wonder if that's like a, what the. A ball that the Dr. Saw excited about. I mean, that's, that's a loaded question. Don't you remember a flammable. Oh, that's a. I'm going to flammables are like donkey balls. Go. No, we'll find out. I guess if anybody would know about various kinds of all, you'll forever. That would be the. This is new Rogers. This is five, 16, two, eight. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions. I didn't know. I thought I was going to the toy toy. Don't do it. Don't do it, I don't do it. It was going to the toy toy toy. It was going to do it. I thought I was going to. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. No, I'm going to do it. No, no, it's normal. No, I'm going to do it. Hey, that's an hour of the business, I guess, huh? Yes, huh, when you think How wrestling I'm putting up the seed money for that best of 30th anniversary edition Not that they don't want to money back and not that they're not gonna go and try to get other sponsors to fund it who aren't like Personal endorsements sponsors it just really is slime I actually just said forget about it shouldn't I wouldn't have been right thing to whatever give them some to do is that what it is? It was Miguel something to do and he got on the street corner there peddling his wears Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a rise in singular wireless line not too many comments about skip for sugar Yes, you will use those all up. I'm only in two days I spent it all up. That's probably why he died. I don't want later like a joker fun you But I think you probably will be pretty high for Chuck Well, you know like my mother said nothing is forever. That's what she said. Yeah, she plagiarized that from Buddha Come on you QAM hello Me, I know but really good Sally. Gonna take quick low story about a month ago I did tell a Markler call a house They all printed fantastic theot of me my wife for three days two night free air fair You know these will be resorts if we come to this old seminar The other night we go to the seminar. I mean wasn't a bad deal when they were all but it wasn't a time hearing Anyway, we cut the forwarded right? We sat down with the girls You know for showing up you're entitled to you trip people that this beautiful color brochure Yeah, these are the places that me more like to go for each charge But three to two nights You know Can't go next to go yeah, I don't think that around the more is it? New Orleans For a land of Florida Well, we may I mean, I think can't tune kind of wiped out from some hair chain. Is this pissing my body here? Yeah, a little bit There's like a little bits and pieces there. It's probably like a little spying And we're like they say on 90 days to use it so I'm like you know They also would like to say to Pompey two would be a lot of fun I'm gonna land on like you can't tune and watch them rebuild it I'm gonna land though. Maybe you can find that swing or so tell Thread up there. She highway 5605050 560 the Verizon ticket of wireless line what these calls have really tailed off to a precious few But you wait till the delay catches up Oh, yeah, in about 10 minutes. Then you'll see you think you'll see some real action Action ejection Nobody QA and hello Hello, yes, yes good morning I'm going to talk to Pachuk Good yeah, I have in my hand three letters Yeah, he wrote to me when I was young So silly, Pachuk and then he signed it Chuck Zank Yeah, he was a really nice guy Yes, he was on the WTVJ letterhead and It's really nice. I was wondering if anybody knew If there was going to be a service or a world was or anything like that Yeah, the article didn't say anything about that. I was sure didn't it should didn't he was a really great guy and I'm gonna miss him a lot. I'm sorry. I never wrote him a letter When I knew he was ill or Right, he was a Janot who let him know how much I appreciated he would have put a smile on his face He is too bad that we don't do things like that, you know? Yeah, I know and I'm done. It's too late. I remember when he had on the smudders brothers Way when they were young And I know the lion kept saying that oh, let's see Chuck Zank would say This is Tom and Dick and Lion O'er said well, where is Harry and I was kind of a joke for the day Where is Harry? Where is Harry? But it was I was an intelligence show in the the kids got it and he got the kids and it was just great It was discreet that's what we need man. We know the mother's gift or Chuck Yeah, I'll never be another skipper Chuck now with you all Once we are come on here Too much you didn't write a net litter, you know 567 there's Alexander hey look at that major meeting on a rack at the White House and He just said I am in charge here with the White House And there's Lawrence Eagle Burger oh boy all the former Secretary of State's Everybody was somebody ought to tell a key Jackson that it's not two times out left I'm only times that he say that last night But turn man they have two times out left Yeah There there are there are some some phrases where you can say You know like the plural is on the first of the two words but time outs is they you know That's not one of them he was nobody in the history of the human races ever said they got two times out left Oh Good, Holly Keith Low Nelly is right he was just brutal just awful WQ and hello Ew yes sir Oh, he's called her ponderes. I just called to take up some room No, but we'll be a guy complaining about the free trip and then you got this lady reading Well, what do you got it's for what do you got? Oh nothing but that well, bye bye You got nothing all right at least there's an honest car he got plenty of nothing To prove this boy I think the colors are just fine. What's not to like you know you want all not jobs Is that what you want? We didn't get the guard on you. I saw we can't dump him. Oh, don't don't worry No, I saw right he'll be on here. You won't hear it though. I'm just telling him right now I'm just I'm tired of his act is so talk about stale Good god WQ. I am hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. My favorite Keith's talk to him over last night And he's I think there was 30 seconds left and he's looking and he says well, there's a What is that baby there and that's up 30 seconds left? Yeah, that's up That 30 seconds left. I mean, I don't know feeling he's getting blind. He couldn't see anything, you know? Oh, he was he was horrible. I mean when Texas said I said to the ball and he ends on remember that late in the game And he said oh, I thought he was a little bit short. He can't keep looking at it. He just he just can't see anything But other than that, he's doing great Okay, thanks, Brian. So this consensus is keep you action. We're tired. Okay enough is enough. You suck Don't go out with your clown How many Q a m hello? Neil. Yes, I am What do you give you a four-loveno airport review good? Okay, excellent. This is about no waiting two days to get I tried call yesterday to get through any I landed in four-loveno Sunday New Year's Day Oh, well, they lost one of our bags To tell them where it's bankrupt seems to get for them Is cut back a weight to all those hard blasts The four-loveno airport is horrible Yeah Okay, well, thanks for the good news. Oh, yes, he just verified what I thought I'll give it one more try Because it's a lot closer to my house than my name, but it's just I don't know It's just not laid out right they have too many gates too close together and they don't have any seats for the people that sit down and which creates Massive chaos and confusion and a lot of stress Now there's enough stress when you're traveling as it is without having extra stress because the airport's laid out like a bunch of luminous design It and they have one place not that I wanted to get any food, but they have they have one place where they have like I don't even know it's just a generic place. It's not like a burger king or whatever But they got like burgers and water and whatever and it hit there people like there were two lines that stretched about like a half a mile Going into the direction because there's only like one place in a terminal four where there's so many food. It was kind of like Terminal not good But nevertheless But I'll see you know if it's not on a It depends on what they you fly on I guess right right or not Maybe I should have gone to Jamaica, man the Kingston Jamaica should have gone on that crap I'll sell about it be that's yeah show afterwards 1639 murders in one year in a computer two million people or something basically wrong with that month The most overdone news story of the past year that's our pool we got 934 votes will get to a thousand without even breaking a sweat Over that the West Virginia flags have been lowered and under the fallen miners and McDonald's at Mickey D's And that great or you should lower our flags at other Chuck They should lower the flag of tropical acres. I'll tell you that and it's cemetery village And it's a TVJ You know, yeah, I'll tell you another guy who was a good guy that would South Florida roots and that was Dave Thomas That's right the fat Wendy's guy That eight too much of a problem product What a great guy he was and most of us didn't even realize that no not until it was two because the only reason we saw and we knew Dave Thomas It was we saw him all when he spots you know and he was like a big infant and jovial and Token around and driving the race car and doing all those goofy things and that we didn't really know all that much of bottom But I thought it was really touching when Tony cigarette okay, Monty or did a real big ulogy to a see you know till the silly 20 cigarette Yeah, what about him? He's silly the most overdone news story the past year the missing chicken a rouba 320 Maybe she turned it into a chick collade Terry Terry and her two 243 Runaway pride 169 a better play that Michael Jackson trial 79 four-laridale kid goes to Iraq 50 To the state there Rose of Park's eyes 19 hurricane Katrina 17 the war in Iraq 12 the new Nazi Pope nine cool miners nine Supreme Court nomination six Republicans scandals five hurricane will mature our Recollections to end none for the London cube bombings or the Asian earthquake 744 and I survived a lot of bad crap and it was not a good year 2005 was not a good year. I mean, you know they're individuals out there gonna say well I had a good year because I got laid a lot like somebody who's sitting there right now Probably at least one of them. I'm sure not the other one but nevertheless. Yeah, I had a good year. Well good But sucked your judges years sucked the Josh had a really good year. You got laid a lot and me That was okay. I'm gonna try to think of like any major development. It was all right. I had its moments Not spectacular and certainly that will nothing It would out will mow would have been fine, you know Yeah, I'm kind of like screwed up everybody's life. Yes, it did. Do you have wonder if I easy we need out of a heart attack You think Is he gonna be collade in I sure hope he finished his job Because you already got paid for it 567. Oh 560 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless lines How many Q a M hello Q a M Yes, sir Super chat was a great guy used to play outside of century good days to see him out there all done right And you remember the days when you do all your neighbors in every direction for your house Yeah Those happy to know you have glad and no So I don't think even if we change the people would come back to nice places really at the white dot have the houses And have the development on the beaches Well, I can come up a little more hurricane season might just take care of that, you know Maybe this is God's way of creating a cleansing experience for the community you think Because he does work in mysterious and evil ways and often painful ways Maybe all these hurricanes are his way of like purging out the soil the slush from the community think possible I mean sure dang they're worked in your house That near enough but you do have your cable back though, right? Yes, yes, and what it just put the long man It's a banging Oh, man If you had a and this blood spur out of my time right now, but it's so hard careful Those three days that I spent down here Friday Saturday and Sunday this past weekend That was a real fly open or I'll take it that right now. I was just Brother there there are so many things lacking you know just like it's like a tense rate life And if your whole life is based on the beach and the palm trees in the ocean and you're in the sunshine Then you are in heaven other than that if it's anything beside that you got problems That's probably why 72% of the people want out even I was shocked by that Yeah, I aren't you don't you think that's a little bit of a high number But I mean it's like so it's pretty good sample. It's like 6600 votes Of people that either are actively planning on getting out and working on our leaving or our like wish they could 72% it like I wouldn't have the electric was high for a good reason But when you know that they're just how many getting raped it and they've got 11 billion to buy another utility in the public service Commission gives them whatever they do right then you know And like when the horseboard on something and then the governor and the legislature We were making their power to kill it and the water would down into stall and delay stuff like this It's just a hopeless place man. It's a Yahoo place It could be I've said this for years it could be paradise, but it's not like when you find something running down your chin You know you think it could be paradise, but it's not One for orders another former defense that's their Frank Carlucci. There's a real against your foretars a bad guy Gucci Gucci look out for Frank Carlucci Always been nervous about guys whose last names in CCI, you know like Mary U.T. the question oh boy Hey, are you in a dead end job? Underpaid a few years resolution is to get you a high-pain crew and a life you got to act now Pick up the phone and call fast train right now at 1 866 fast train fast train We're getting to train it ready for your new high-pain career just a few short months That's correct. You heard right you can get a new high-pain career in just a few short months So the search for life might be over real fast the demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is in all-time high right now And fast-rate offers convenient day evening and weekend classes job placement assistance And financially for people to qualify pick up the phone and call fast train and 1 866 fast train Fast train placed over 100 individuals just like you in 2005 So check fast train out of the web at fastrain.com You better act now into a obtain you new high-pain career because classes are quickly phone up Domestay train of opportunity this year get out of your dead end job start making some real money and find a serious life call 1 866 fast train This year making news resolution a reality by calling fast train today This is meal Rogers This is five 16 Keol my Even Yeah. I'll book her key. I'll book her key. That in the market. It's good. It's a bicycle. Where? A bicycle. I'll book her key. Yes. I was in Georgia. No, no, no, no. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to the link. I bought a good man. I really do. I just thought I was kicked out by him. He's just got the link. I'll take a short hair. Take a short hair. Take a short hair. Take a short hair. But the alley is not short hair. Don't you say short hair. You mean a lot, Ryan? See, crash short. A lot of longer than that. A little longer like Fabio. A lot of times I don't think it's your day. I don't think it's your day. I don't think it's your day. I don't think it's your day. I don't think it's your day. You can't take it. I'm gonna set it up 11. 11. Yes. Can you get me a short. What? A short. What? What? A short? Yep. Like a blue bar or a wolf? I just think it's not. I think it's your swapping. Alright, I'll get up the shell. You really been kidnap honey. My aliens are blue men. Aliens drive a blue van. Like a Chevy van. No. A Ford. No. What kind of van is that? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Is that probes? No. So kiss no. For I'd you know? Like love to you. No, you idiot. I'm not coming. I want to stay in the 711. You don't want to murder me, day. No. What? No, I don't. But I forgive you. I don't care. You come home. I'm done. Come home. I'm done with a machine. Come on. I'm done with a machine. Come on. I'm done with a machine. Come on. Come on. We're going to kill you. No. Let me ask you. We got a new general manager now. Greg Reid is a set fair where he's moving on to a bigger and other things. Other things. And Joe Bell's who manager now who's the new sales manager? I don't think there's been a change there. I'm bigger part. Do we have a bad connection? Hello. How did he hurt anything about that? Once powerful lobbyist Jack Abramall completed the second half of his plea deal with the government yesterday by admitting to conspiracy and wire fraud charges, stemming from his 2000 purchase of a gambling vote fleet. Abramall 46 did sample me before he was just recharged Paul C. Huck to bleed guilty to the sixth criminal council in August ran jury indictment. guilty eriner Abramall said when Huck asked how he wanted to plead, Huck said a 10-day sentence in the day to mark 16. The plea came a day after Abramall entered guilty place to three other federal charges. As part of the agreement with prosecutors, he's recarmed to cooperate in the broad corruption investigation and the members of Congress. It's going to still so bad. It's going to be just on. It's going to be great. They're all running for cover. They're all busy giving their money back too, by the way. Oh, new King Rich and Fatty, Huckers. Oh, yeah. Even to Bush mice, you gave six ran back. Oh, we never heard of that came from. We never heard of this guy. Kind of like Kenny Boyle, you know. Yeah. We have no idea who that is and say hi to Kenny for us. Like a former business partner did last month Abramall played a girly to contacting a false 23 million dollar wire transfer. They made it appear as if the pair contributed to a sizable stake of their own in a cash. And the 147 and a half million dollar purchase of some cruise casinos, Mohn. The plea really caused for maximum sentence of just over seven years. But the sentence could be reduced to Abramall cooperates fully. And we run simultaneously with whatever sentence is important in the Washington Corruption case. The remaining four counts in the Florida amendment will be dismissed. Wearing a dark double-breasted suit and tan baseball cap. Unlike the Ajahn Gadiya, pretty worthy of the day before, he ducked out of courthouse side or into a waiting car with his Washington lawyer didn't talk to attorneys or reporters or anybody else. Abramall agreed to cooperate in a wide-ranging corruption prob that could involve up to 20 members of Congress and AIDS including Tom Dlee. Oh, yeah. And we'll debob me. And they're going to really make a with this. You can be sure that. Just scandal act. These are the people that were going to bring integrity back to the White House. After we had the Monica business going on. Let's see. What's this facts from Eric and Carl Springs? Eric says, I just wanted to write and say, I met Chuck Sink about four years ago. When I was searching for Wade and I advertised my golf course, he was a genuinely sincere man who listened to what I had to say. He spots for my course were excellent. And I believe they helped my business. Also, just wanted to say I tried to advertise on WQAM. It was a joke. And when you complain about the people and advertising, just know there's at least one person out there who understands what you're talking about. So, Eric, thank you, Eric. God bless you, baby. Man, here's a guy that tells it like it is because sales people are ISO. Especially at QAM. How many times have we had over the years people say, I've had people come up to me in hockey games say, you know, are we wanted to buy spots on your station, but I call it as this one or that one. And then every turn my call, how many times? About 30,000 times. Just the real prosthetic. But you know something doesn't cost us any money. Like I said, the other day yesterday, I'm turned over a new fig leaf. If they don't want the money, if they don't want all the revenue that they could be making, hey, that's their problem, you know what? They're rolling in money. Then I'm missing any meals. I guarantee you the business are missing no meals. Robert Sheer writes, good old Robert Sheer, remember he got candidly a ten because he's liberal and they're like moving all liberals out. But nevertheless, he's got his own website, Robert Sheer.com. He says, Able Ross Crans are indicative of a deeper cesspool. Oh, man, like South Florida cesspool. Top Republican lobbyist, Jack Able Ross, is set to sing and is long list of former buddies in Congress and the Bush administration are quaking and anticipation of possible indictments, stemming from the consummate beltway husters crash rain is the king of history. Casino Jack, a former head of the College of Publicans and a pioneer grade fundraiser for the Bush 2000 campaign, pleaded guilty to three-fond accounts of conspiracy mail fraud and tax evasion and D.C. yesterday, and there was in Florida, well, this is the day before, to plead guilty to fraud and conspiracy, etc. Abraham often had the defendants most also repay over $25 million to the fraud and clients and another 1.7 million to the IRS, a most important for the nation is that Abraham now detailing the massive web of corruption he's financed on the beltway, which is already sneered at Top Bush official, procurement chief David Safavian, on charges of lying and obstructing criminal investigation and reportedly threatened his dozens of other D.C. players. When this is all over, this will be bigger than any government scandal in last 50 years, both in the amount of people involved and the breath to it, Stan Brand, former US council who specializes in representing public officials accused of wrongdoing told Bloomberg news, it'll include high ranking members of Congress and Executive Branch officials. Some of the wild westfields of this beltway corruption was captured in Saturdays, Washington Post, Expoze, the delay Abermoth money trail, in documents and chilling detail how among other scams Abermoth funneled a portion of the millions he had been skimming from Indian casino operators, with a cool million from two Russian energy mobiles to a shell organization called the US Family Network, and from there into the coffers of politicians in a position to help his clients. Ironically, touting its commitment to moral fitness for the nation, the front group for the multimitian dollar budget had a single staff member housed in a back room of a capital townhouse in owned and rented out to other organizations like Link to Abermoth and Tom Delay, the latter's staffer is called it ominously Delay's safe house. This is apparently why Delay felt to need to top the US Family Network in a 1999 fundraising letter as a powerful nationwide organization dedicated to restoring our government to citizen control. It was run by Edwin A. Buckham Delay's former chief of staff, who's lobbying firm the Alexander strategy group carried Delay's life Christine on its payroll. But the moral fitness is, if Kroni is in peels and comparison of the scandal of how Abermoth drumbed support for his very clients, undercover of conservative morality. Isn't that like an oxymoron conservative morality? For example, in order to block the ambitions of a rival tribe to the Chakto Indians with paid over off minions, the US Family Network set a meaning to Alabama residents warning surely that the American families under attack from all sides, crime, drugs, pornography, and one of the least talked about it equally is destructive gambling. We need your help today to prevent the poor, quick Indians from building casinos in Alabama. The letter conveniently filled a mention over the US Family Network had received at least $150 from the gambling proceeds of the Chaktoas. Another scam detail in the post story which could be quickly obtained by Hollywood for its thriller, players in the mafia dominated Russian energy industry split a cool million dollar payment through a now-defunct London law firm in the US Family Network's account, which was the fact away slush fund for the Abermoth Delay Network. Siding the Reverend Christopher Gieslin and served as a titular leader of the US Family Network, the post reported that Buckham told the Reverend that payment was intended to securely support and legislation forcing the international monetary fund to be allowed to follow Russian economy without demanding the country-wraised taxes on its energy and other profitable industries. Right on cue, the lay found his way out of Fox News Sunday to take up the Russian viewpoint, they're trying to force Russia to raise taxes at a time when they ought to be cutting taxes in order to get loans from the IMF. He said, that's just outrageous. The IMF backed down. This is just an initial peek into the sorted world being revealed by Abermoth and Tuvis Kee-Kronis, now sculling the beans to federal investigators, but in the bigger picture, what we're witnessing is the death throws of the GOP Revolution, which once promised to restore Mara-Labia Washington, but it's said saying far deeper in the way the cesspool of corruption, oh I like that. The cesspool kind of like the QM sales department. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162A. Back to kind of like I said. This is plain surgery. Good Game collectivity report. It happens here if the L screaming leads to wind it down. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, this, just wasn't for getting in, just want some mutant and having thirty two twenty some of them are they react they're very indecent yeah twenty eight o'clock you look you're a m so I know my history mobile is that the most then audience or words by the source team actors or the building a side curb act write thrive now the topic of the that over the Now, how do you say that? Magnolia Josh. I don't know. I'm going to let you in. If somebody said that they were going to bring a copy by for Josh, though, we're waiting for the whole of our breath. Just like everybody in your audience is going to be bringing food up to the press box during the Marlin scene. I'm not assuming there is going to be a Marlin season by the way. I guess. I am assuming. I don't know if they got enough players left to feel the team, but you got to have the line. Yes, thank you. Yeah? Could be. No, they'll find me on some minor leagueers with their own name. Yeah. No, no. Josh Cortis said that. What? Like they haven't done it already. I mean, would you? Yeah, but if you want to solidify that easy job, you got it. They're all that great free food. You get from the Marlin organization. Yeah, that easy job. But the free food part. You see. When we did this, this season will work on up to the big time. We'll just kind of our old friend Troy from balance for life to bring it to food. All kinds of people bringing the food up there this year. I'm sure there will be. You know, something it's just dawned on me. What's that? What were we begging for them to bring you this last baseball season? A pizza. Pizza. Oh, come here. There you go. See somebody probably intercepted all the pizzas. The pizza are a burglar. Probably intercepted all the probably 20, maybe even the. The pizza is a broad-up to you various games last season. And they never arrive for you guys because somebody intercepted them. The stealth pizza thief. This is a great. Well, we had a lot of your life and about that's his speciality man. It's not a lot of feather. Racing's on again finishes the way off. This is a funny article about by Diana Moskovitz. He will get back back to you. Diana. Moskovitz. What kind of a name is that? Boy. They took it all in the new grandstand. Come house in patio. Then they got down to Venice. Like a throwback to a bag on here. Yesterday was all about horse racing and girls being park in Hell and Dale Beach. No concert series. Oh, no Gary Puckett and Union. Jam. No carnival rides. No Johnny Meistro and a Brooklyn bridge. No chemistry the past. This was an opening day for a serious better. We didn't have any gimmicks going on. Because they were discouraging people from coming out there. They wanted people to go to court. They'd have to go to court. They'd have to go to court. Because the track is in the finish and they don't want people to be like this. They said. Just go to court and plunge your guts out. On the Gulf. They'd have to go to court. Many shrugged off. The unfinished second and third floors in the new clubhouse. They're views of promised luxury restaurants blocked by green tarps. But already advertised on flags across the parking lot. They got fags into parking lot. Yellow tape mark closed off areas. Construction dust in the smell of fresh paint hung in the ear. Never mind all that said Joe Hudson on his 30th year. But turn man. Of visiting the races. There was the new grandstand without a scuff gleaming bathrooms with slick tiles. Oh man. By the way, the rumor is that the Palestinians peed on the pedagolock is that Ariel's her own a bit of the Hanukkah. They're getting even for a sea. They hit us so we hit him back. It even went airfart. It's a beautiful facility. Too bad it's not complete. Hudson said. This was an order crowd dotted with walkers, cans and plenty of grey here. Oh, oh, oh. Hi. Hi. That's very unusual for Gulf Stream Park. Not. Most keep a homensopphler. But some live here part time. Time spent a Gulf Stream is measured in decades. And they know how to bet. Horses are called by their numbers. It's hitting a race, not winning a race. They jot down every horse scrapped in Jockey Change. And all that's really wonderful. You must know a lot about horse racing. As if it's a novelty that horses are called up by their numbers when you go to make a bet. And if we knew anything about the tracks, you'd understand that the old Cockers have Gulf Stream that lay their racing form down in front of them at the window while there are 10 people standing behind them. These are not people know how to bet through an impediment to everybody else's enjoyment. Among them were a few like Mike Nolan who said the new grandstand was getting away from racing. He couldn't see the horses clearly at the new satellite paddles. Maybe he's got the key Jackson syndrome. He paid 10 bucks to get in the clubhouse and was too expensive. Well, he's right about that. You know, I want to go back over to the Thurabreds. They soak you 10 bucks to go into the clubhouse of Gulf Stream now. It's like, I wonder how much to I'll have to ask him to my homensopracing form as these days. And then plus the program. It's got to be like three, four bucks and then a tip sheet. And you know, you waste 15 bucks before you even get in the door before your asses in the seat. Even the George can't afford that. Thurabreds would go out to the track. Yeah. Thurabreds would love to go anywhere if you get a free meal and they're just not going to homes right. They're trying to get too fancy Nolan, seven of some beautiful planet gorgeous plan. Better start it at the paddock, bobbing for one last look at the competition. Then the trumpeter called the horses. And to the track for the post where they stretched along the fences. We rose deep and the smell of construction gave way to dirt notion breeze and probably smell of some of those Colossumy bags that the old farce were in too. A few hard has bobbed among the crowd, Helen. They'll beat his condos, Howard in the distance. One unfinished building, fight by construction cranes. See a highly adaged adaged like flamingos and whipping cranes. Here we got construction cranes. Each race started in New York, silence only the announcement's voice following the horses. Then they came around the turn. Then the shouting started reaching a crescendo, drowning out the clapping who's their commentary. Come on, baby. Turn it off. You didn't get around. Come on, baby. It's got like a, um, like, let's see. Why is it the end of baby there? A little exaggeration. The horses crossed the finish. The announcer calls out a winner. Most of the crowds solts away. See that? She's like saying that most of everybody lost their ass. Kind of a thing is that. Among the better is our Tony van decor and Irving Goldberg. Van decor puts his time spent at Co. As many many years Goldberg is a little more specific estimated 25. Goldberg hit the first race. Van decor didn't but he had many more to go. The longest line that were for bets, not food. The most red publication was the Gulf Stream handicrapper. Tough under arms and rolled into pockets always with unreached. The daily racing form is a close second. For those less inclined to stand online, walking bettakers were on call. They wore navy blue shirts, bet with me, and pink letters on the back. Electronic betting machines slung across their shoulders like purses. Soon, slot machines will join the freight. Motors approved them in Broward last year in Governor Jim Bush, and they met at La Winsley. We're waiting for a slot school. That's the real opening day. That's the real opening day. That's the real opening day. I think a lot of that. Even the old cochers are saying we're waiting for the slot. And a one thing that the commercials have failed miserably. All of them over the last many years. Getting living and breathing and young people to come out. Once the slot start, that's going to change totally. You'll see. Even Josh is going to be there. Trying to win his three million. I'm sure I will. Just wait till they get those topless cigarette girls. Matter of fact, I got ninety eight dollars and fifty cents on the Ontario, on the six forty nine, lotter last night. Of course, I spent two hundred. But that's not too bad. In fact, I think when you go gambling, if you can have your money back, you should be pretty happy. Not as happy as the one guy to won the ten million cash in a lotter last night, but it wasn't me. And of course, you didn't have to tell you wasn't me, did I? No. You want to know why? Because we hear your voice now. That is correct. Got a new manager, a new general manager. And you guys, you'll be able to tell me welcome with open arms and legs. This, that's a meal, Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Back and on, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Oh, no. Well, that's not my thing, with my giant top of core, the short of core, the core, the core, the core, the core, the core, the core. And the box seems to be getting more. The Cal, the critics, the Davis, the pictures, great, but I've brought a lot of me, and I'm going to be a little bit more. And I'm going to be a little bit more. And I'm going to be a little bit more. And I'm going to be a little bit more. Make it up to the Cal, boys. I'm looking for the world to the time if you want to come on, to the ladies and gentlemen, they started to pull there. Then, first down, you need to be like real cold right there in the wind. You'll hear the music and hear the guy land. Nothing shakes me, more than core, the stand of the land, the core. To say down down the hall, the safe open, fearless and deep. Make it up to the right, the safe open, fearless and deep. Then, it's starting to rock and roll, but it's not that much in the world. Make it up to the Cal, boys. Everybody say, make it up to the Cal, boys. That's it. Make it up to the Cal, boys. You're fair, right. Six, four, 10, don't know, in a QA, and we got the mole, mysterate, two, and we got the mad dog. Three, solid hours of a gym, man. Oh, rock. Four to seven, mark that down on your sleeve. Pretty unusual. In fact, Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday, and Saturday, and etc. Three days this way. How much Friday? Let me take a look at this schedule. Oh, yeah, and another four out of the five days, he's got the whole three hours. Robert, he's not too happy about that. That's all right. And I want you to eat now, but you eat in like, Brad, Tony's. No, it's always. How is? It sounds to me like you're drowning in it. Well, I had the big chunk of pork in that sandwich. And I don't know if Ariel's to rode them, pork it up on pork. Oh, my God. That probably is what put Eric all over the ends. Was that pork, Chris sandwich, heart, boy, you'll try to work out. It's pulled pork it up. Now, we've done. Don't start. Brad has a fact. He says, the prices for a seat facing the tracking Gulfstream on a regular day are 10 bucks. For the Don Handy cap in the Sunshine Midians, 20 bucks, and a few days, 50 bucks, and Florida, Derby Day, 75 bucks. That's, and Thubs is Brad, and you are absolutely. I'm so interested. So far were you, I'd like go over to Calder and watch, No matter what day I watched it there, because I'm sure then I'm going to soak the public, those kind of prices. And we, I know, we didn't really know that for a fact, but I will just think so. But what kind of prices are those? You know? Of course, once they get this slots, see, it puts everything into perspective. It makes everything, it changes everything. Because what's 50 bucks or 75 bucks when you're losing thousands of to slots? What's a few bucks, right? Right. Who cares? Got some good news, by the way, for the John Stewart fans. Guess who's going to be hosting the Oscar's, Oscar's, proud Stewart. What a good guess. How's you guess that? Of the loser, there. As the clock ticks ever closer to the 78th annual Academy Awards on March 5th, which I certainly would have all in South Park was kind of cute last night. That was the one with what's your name, Kathy Lee Kiffer? Oh, that was a, that's great. But good news is for you that somebody burned us a copy of the, Yeah, of that one that one that got the Catholics all upset. The one by town crews in the Catholics, so I'll be sending you your copy. All right. Oh, right. For fans. How did I ever live without South Park? You know, the Simpson's, the Simpson's a good show. I don't need to see it. You know, the warm companions. But South Park is so great. How, how do I ever, I guess I'm just stubborn. Is it an error just? Yes, you are. You got the cartoon stigma going. Plus, you know those guys are Canadian. Or no, I, I, I, I, I, I, they're, they're called about. They're from Denver. I thought they went to, uh, Bahane, you're right. I'm sorry. Call a mine. Did they go to call a by high school? Um, I think they drove by it. No, no, seriously. I want to thank you. One of the guys that, yeah. In Boeing for Malam buying Michael Roy interview, one of the guys, and he, uh, way, call a by high school. What is wrong with you, man? Drugs. Well, all right, when you must be sharing, no, not. You're supposed to be the South Park, Park, and it's on the silly old, gold. Yeah, but you've seen that movie more than it. Yeah, I have. You can't have a motion picture arts in science. This is finally found a host, uh, John Stewart. Who, like I said last week is, uh, you know, he's, he's finally at times, but he's okay. So, he's, uh, a little overdone. He's, he's better. He's better. What? He gets better with time. He's better than it. Yeah. Sources confirms Stewart's selection, which is reported last night by the LA Times, Oscar Wilde's site, the envelope.la times.com. And Academy spokesman to Clyde Comet. He's mom. The Assamah would represent the first Oscar hosting spot for Stewart, or headlines company, Central's the Daily Show. Stewart does have black tie experience, though, having hosted the Grammy Awards in 2001, and 2002. Oscar cast producer, Guild Cates, choice of a host, had been in the subject of a suspense in Hollywood, just like the general manager situation to Q.A.M. People are on the edge of their seats, picking their nose and picking each other's Echos. Chris Rock last year's host was asked not to be pleased the role, reportedly Billy Crystal, who's hosting eight times, turned it down. And you know something? I like to be crystal, but enough already, you know? Yeah, maybe that's why it turned it down. It's kind of like bird parks. There's something we got to bring back bird parks for one more, Mr. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Here she comes. I think it's a dark, if he can be on one of her part of this, because he's dead. Speculation also was centered on such other previous hostes, whoopy Goldberg, oh no. And Steve Martin, you're fair, oh no. Anyway, I shouldn't have said that about Steve Martin, I just, you'll be assuming I'm saying things, which, oh, maybe I never, never give it a thought. Well, I'll think about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, there's Lou Dobbs, why hey, Lou, you idiot, what do I hate him? He just won't, of course, almost anybody on CNN and despise. Like the pedantic idiotic wolf, Wolf Leesquie, who I saw he's talking to what kindergarten class in West Virginia. Oh, just in the way he phrases there, kind of like your person, you know? Anywhere would more than two syllables, he kind of like has to pronounce it out like in, oh man. America, let's face it, baby, you've had it. 300 million people, I've actually like a hundred million in art like Dumber Than Sadust. And why, how come I'm being so generous? First, I was talking about those poor bastards in West Virginia, though that those coal mine and families, man. That's too close to Tennessee for comfort. That's a problem. Then, speaking of Josh and his Texas long horns, I saw those hookham horns, people in the crowd, oh, geez! And you wonder why I rooted for you, I see? My God, talk about a bunch of in-bread retard, good, golly Miss Molly. And, of course, that's where your president is from, so what does that say? Crawford Texas. That's right. Good old boy. And Laura Bush. And of course, Lady Brug Johnson, a shrub, a tree in the bush. And I've got the bush part. Speaking of bush reggie bush, man, he blew that game with that stupid lateral in the first quarter, the first half. What was he thinking about? I don't know, I would say the game, it's like his fault. Well, when he was in his fault, he's the one who made that up. And the guy who tried to last quarter. The guy he tried to lateral it to wasn't even looking. He wasn't expecting it. They were driving right down the field. They were eating up the Penn State defense. Like, what if he was a civil? What kind of you are? And if he would have made the play, it would have been the greatest play ever. So, you know, that's how it goes. It was a stupid, undisciplined play that cost in the game. Cost in the touchdown. The first quarter. Well, let me ask you something. Depoints in the fourth quarter count more than points in the first quarter? No, they don't, but you can't say anything. They would have had a big lead, baby. Big lead. Stupid play, Reggie. Well, what do you expect from a guy whose last name is Bush? Good point. Yeah. See? Now we're finally reaching the area of agreement. I'm serious though. That kid, the quarterback, this guy's name, Vince Young, for Texas. I have never seen anybody like him. I mean, he makes Michael Vick seem like a statue. He's just, he's slippery, man. You can't tackle him. I'm that last driving again there. I have one play when I got down to the 9 yard line. It took four guys to tackle him. Remember that play? I do, and they knew it was coming. Yeah. And then they knew it was coming at the end of the game. They still weren't nowhere near him when he just walks right in there. I'll walk in. I'll almost walk off the field touchdown. I wasn't walk off. Bad clock management, too, by Pete Carroll. He got out coached in that game. I know he's had a great run there in one two national championships and all of the, but he got out coached the last night. Gated. Too bad Pete. Of course you want it or why? There's one word that keeps coming up every time I see Pete Carroll on the, sideline, JETS, J.S. Suck. Jets. Sit to Jets back, man. Here are the choking and gagging sounds. Dominic, you way in, hello. Yeah, Josh. Get in, way with the ball. Dominic, you way in, hello. Dominic, you way in, hello. Dominic, you way in, hello. Do you way in, hi. Do you way in, hello. Do you way in? Hi. Yes. In a little chubby, the Chuck's, thank he was also a great pitchman. And maybe George will remember this too. Burger King close to you by offer order to bestner my full mouth around. Well, not right, I don't know that sounds. I remember, you're okay. Yes, yes, yes. Can't spend a whole little tickles hold the lettuce and don't forget us. Don't forget it, don't forget cheques, man. Amen. Bye bye. Thanks, good job, by the way. She was excellent. She's a good boy. Keep watching those buttons, man. Just keep punching. Had that for about 200, you'll get work. There you go. So what's wrong with that? Nothing. That's a good eye. What is wrong with that? It's good when you get to it and cause over across the street, man. They don't get to it and cause it six months. Hey, oh, hey, juice. What do you think, juice? Let's have some dolphin love, juice. Don't put it in love. Yeah, dolphin love. It's got like monkey love only. A little bit bigger. Gotta make a movie about that too. That's coming soon. How many QAM? Hello, yes. Good. I don't know if you talked about it. Did you hear or Laila Man or Laila Man? Yeah, gentlemen, gentlemen. Rift him an ice and that's great and wonderful. Okay, don't watch Letterman. And again, they showed the tips again last night and I'm not interested. And in fact, when the game was on cause I was in my high definition channel. So I was flipping back and forth. And I actually did see about two minutes of Letterman, which I haven't seen him in years. And other than getting like fatter. I didn't really see very much there. He knocked Bush. He ripped Bush about something and he oughting for that. Even the audience was like some like comatose, you know. And Paul Shaper was like repeating everything. He said, ah, he falsely was kind of like a bird. What did he do that? He's like the bird. He's actually worse because the bird never just repeated it. You're not just tackled. But he's got to repeat everything they've said. But he can't see audience missed it the first time or didn't sink in or maybe. It really wasn't very funny, you know. I mean, it's good that he ripped Bill or Ryan and asked, but the obvious question is why do you have him on the first place like given them publicity, see? Well, what's the point? I don't know. So obviously he was also benefiting by having this loser honor be because that's us in a medium and we're all a bunch of horrors. That's all they're all horging off each other. And or Ryan, he doesn't give a crap that he ripped him and asked because he just got more free publicity on it. He doesn't care. And everybody was talking about it. Just like Stern is on for the hour. For the hour. Let's hope there's no natural disasters tonight or no more breaking news. No more forest fires because we've got to have Stern on for the entire hour on King. A thousand and fifty five votes in our goal of still a thousand. You think we can make it? Oh, easy. Got a shot. We've got a shot at making our goal during the show. The most overdone news story of the past year, the missing chicken of Ruba, 3603. How have that ever turned out? Oh, it's coming along nice. Huh, they're getting closer. Are they? I heard that Dutch kids get closer too. Terry and her. Cube. 266. Runaway bride. 188. Michael Jackson, trial 90. Four-lutter milk. He goes to Iraq 56 as in queue 56. Hurricane Katrina 20. Rosa Parks dies 19. See how they decreasing numbers means people thought it was more important. Iraq war 13. New Nazi Pope 11. Col. 10. Solmented D.A. The H.E. Republicans. Republicans. Candle 6. Supreme Court nomination 6. Iraq elections 5. Hurricane Wilma 2. See Wilma we think is a mighty important cause most of us got screwed bad. London bombings in the queue. None. Oh, it was Britsman. Why can't they just call it this somewhere like normal people? No, it's the queue. And Asian Earthquake, also none. Now, you really think that the, um, I don't know, I guess because it was a terrorist thing, see? Oh, and speaking of that, speaking of the news media being sitting getting things wrong, do you remember that had those big explosions at the, um, where the hell was it in England? Few weeks ago? That was, that was right before I went to Amsterdam, okay? And the first day they said it was an accident. And then the second day, oh no, it's terrorist related and it was it. And then by the time I got there, oh, well, it was nothing. It was an accident. And somebody got hurt. How do you like that? Yeah. Well, how come they don't, they don't correct it. So come they say, oh, that's right. Oh, that's right, forgot. And by the way, those people in the cool mind, yeah, how to do it. Still alive. Oh, this is real Rogers. This is five, 16, two, three. Hey, they're Steve Goldstein. But you can call me, Galby. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th or whatever. That. Yeah, well, it is. It's two days. Half a lot out. There is it wednesday. I don't know. It's the cats and hinders again. Yeah. But today, we're not going to talk about anything. I'll have a done to show the procedure to be eaten. So don't they call me here and call me, both. The name ain't, both. Understand? It's both. How are they? Now, I'm with the droning moronics of sports. We have that actuality to it, I believe. I got everybody in the organization, gave 100% after spending the year. We're spending the evening with transvestite hookers and so give me the ball. You need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball, you need a ball. How can I? It's going to be the sound of the phone we got, sir. Peter King. Peter King. You know Peter King. He's famous. Sports royals here, I tell you. How are they, I say, they're Pete King. Who is this? You went to room key. Why? I'm Larry King. He's a 10 minute children. We were approaching 3,000 dead troops in Iraq. Someone can appoint the tribe. And the president is having someone read your female to him. So turning me to night will be to remain. A bomb I need, being golden. It was a Peter King. I know, I'm sorry. Got him now. All right. There's your piece. And you know who's this? Stephen King. Oh, Stephen King. Huh? Well, you don't scare me. I don't. No. Boop. Boop. Boop. Boop. Help. Have we offered a sender, man? Why did you put a chance of there in this studio in the first place? All right. Why did the place look more like lens or grayset? I can't get up at him. Looks like I don't have to. So I guess most are going to be hanging around a little bit longer. Promote to at 560 WM happy Thursday January the 5th. All of a sudden it just, I don't know if he was like the new year. We're finally into the swing of the year. We're so excited. All the holidays behind this. We got the great weed mystery is finally solved. And he, like I said, gave me a very nice call yesterday. We can finally leave it for about 20 minutes on the phone. A very pleasant, very complimentary, very ass-looking. It was just fine. And they had a big meeting at 10 o'clock this morning. A new general manager is Joe Bell. Rounds with swell. That's fine. Right. We're real happy about that. He's coming over from kiss, which means probably Joe Bell is not a sports nerd. You understand? Probably a sports fan, but not a sports nerd. See the difference? Right. Which is good for us because the sports nerd factor is always been kind of a thorn in our ass. When you say, sorry, I missed that last part. Guitarist Pete Townsend is warned iPod uses. They can end up with hearing problems as bad as his own. If they dare turn the volume of the music, they're listening to down on the earphones. Turn it down. Townsend's 60, or Tarsen, the 60's band The Who, said it's hearing was irreversibly damaged by years of using studio headphones. And that he's now forced to take 36 hour breaks between recording sessions to allow his ears to recover. I didn't like that. 36 hours, it's like day and a half. Not something? It's something. I've unwittingly helped to invent and refine the tenom music that makes his principal components deaf. He said on his website. Hearing losses a terrible thing. That's what Russia said. That was popping him off. He was popping him off. Hearing losses a terrible thing because it cannot be repaired. If you use an iPod or anything like it or your child uses one, you may be okay. But my intuition tells me there is terrible trouble I had. Uh oh. I guess what movie I saw at parts of last night. Looks like a pretty good movie by the end of the statement. I give up big sleepers. Sleepers? Not singular. Not to what he owned sleeper, but sleepers with Brad Pitt and Robert De Niro. And Dustin Hoffman. Don't pick us or it. Sleepers. I've tried to remember. I've heard four stars on the screen here on the thing on the blurb. It's about to be and supposed to be a true star as written on a very controversial book by guy who claimed that in the Juvenile centers in New York that these three guys got together and they decided to kill somebody about a revenge and they committed the perfect crime and Brad Pitt was the lawyer and he got whatever. I think I did see that. Because I was watching the football game. I was more important to watch in some stupid as movie but look pretty good to me. Maybe somebody in the audience has seen sleepers. I'm sure we got a lot of sleepers out there. I'll take us out. No, I'm not going to be that good though because you're not like if you don't remember it. Yeah, I know. How good could have been in the last impression fair. Could have been fair. Oh. Referring to the increasingly popular practice of downloading music from the internet, Townsend said the downside may be that on our computers for privacy, for respect to family and co-workers and for convenience. We use earphones almost every stage of interaction with sound. The who rock group was famous for its ear splitting live performances. But Townsend said his problem was caused by using earphones in a recording studio. Get your ass out of that studio, Pete. You lunatic. You do fairy. 567.0.560. Pound 560. Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Cool miners had been doing really fine. It came to the church. And they kept showing those scenes of those people in church and were a good Christian piece. They were good Christian people. And now with the Lord we have provided us with the miracle and he's taken it away and we're starting to have doubts. Hmm. Well better late than ever. Maybe God has punished me for being presumptuous and thinking if you want. Better late than never. Okay. All you Jesus freaks out there. Oh, the God squad. You crazy people. Praying to an honest, not exist in entity. It's supposed to be listening to, there's like three. How many people got like six, seven billion people on the planet? And everybody's praying at the same time. We talked about good hearing by an allured must have fantastic hearing. What was like him? He must have a million sets of ears. Or he doesn't use headphones. That's why. Is that what it is? Well maybe he better start. Maybe that's why he's not hearing too clear. Maybe he got the message drum. Maybe maybe maybe he got confused. And he's also there were praying that they like all die so they can collect the insurance or something. Or super, super cool company. Maybe they can't believe you. They will. They will. But there are a lot of suits that have been invented yet. I guarantee an every ambulance, Chaser, returning in the North America's under way to West Virginia would abandon on it. WQA, hello. Probably a day from the Beesley's. Yes sir. Saying the old young buddy. All right. Does it actually add something to the boat? No. Well as it sports fan, not as sports nerd, right? All year long, the last six months, the T.O. story last year. Every time he took a... Every time he started, we had no one to play or was. You guys are right. Listen. Also, don't pick a wolf too much, L.T. And then... Because if you see how that networks are right, he speaks like that to the executive, and it's going on in the world. Yeah? You know what I mean? I think you're... I'm going to take you spent too much time in a situation in the man. Yeah, not me. They're lucky, apparently. Thank you. But yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean like I did man, Jesus. Ever seen Joe Scarborough? Yeah, I have to say it. Oh my god, former Florida Congress stiff, just a, oh, even Mark Foley said he's never been that stiff. Hey Mark, you're fairie. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the new Verizon and singular wireless line. I think it's great that Florida's going gay. Yeah, we're gonna have a gay governor Charlie Christ and we got Mark Foley there in Palm Beach County. And then something, something, I want to call him Rodin' Snowbot that. Oh, here's the doctors update him, commission on the blast survivor. Okay, good, thank you. WCQA, and hello. QA, M. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good, Charlie. Yeah, I just wanted to give you red those news for my rack today. I didn't hear all you show you. Yes, I did about all the dead people, young, and there's seven more American soldiers, killed yes. No, no, no, there was a bunch of people and the 210 dead rackies, yes. You, yeah, just the people that were applying to be cops there. Right, right. Yeah, they're our kid. I'm glad you, a lot of them will know about that. Thanks for the bad news. Bye. Yeah, more good news from Iraq, too. We always start with it to try to get that on the way we're on the press you. And we certainly don't want to spread any negative propaganda because that would make us unpaid, reotic. And un-American. Un-American, that's right. Un-supporting of our troops, most of them, by the way, want to get the help out of there and get back home. Come on, come on. Yeah. I say bring them all back right now. Well, what's the point? Bring them all back by like we can't. By the end of the day, Sunday, all the troops come back. And whatever the Iraqis do, do each other with each other. And it's just like my feeling about the Middle East. If the Jews in the Palestinians want to kill each other, taste a little, maybe, have a good time. Right, Gordes, tell them. Go for it. You know, I mean, if that's what you want to do, have a good time over that piece of crap in the desert there. You know, we stay all but it's the holy land. The holy my ass. Yeah, that's what I've heard. Tally holy. Remember that Neil Diamond? Ha, holy, holy book. And he's saying, or he makes me cock on. In fact, that you reminded me he's Jewish. You're always doing that, man. Because you're anti-Semitic. That's right. Who was the other one? O'James Woods. What? I'm saying, I don't know what you don't like the old one. Because he sucks. And because he thinks he's a great singer. Other than that, you know, he's, Nate, Nate, Nate, Nate, you're good Neil Diamond song. You're just looking for a way to sneak that crap on you. See, through me like I was. Oh. Oh. Oh. Holy, oh. Oh, by the way, whatever happened to Holly, I'm guiding light. And we're still up that supposed to still be alive, but we forgot about that plot and that story line. Man, these people are rightfully a self-opress group. They do it just to aggravate the viewer. That's the whole purpose of it. Just for aggravation sake. Here's a good one. Yeah. Oh, crack on Rosie. Uh, took her crap. Yeah. Not cracks in the broken rose. Who is it? Who would be the cowboy song? It's not better when you're with her. It's just nice to see. I see. What is that song? You're like, oh, man. It's older than the music. It's not very kind of fellow Smith. Yeah. Neil. Time. Oh. How are you out of no? So what? About all those things. I did my back. Back there. A lot of people in our audience who were all excited about that for a genious year when they heard that were minors involved. Problem is past. Problem is past noon at five, 60, WQAM. We got the mole man coming along at two o'clock. I wonder what his take is on it. They probably won't even mention you. Well, I won't even. He's got two only two hours to spend when you got that. That may have been one of the greatest football games ever played last night. You don't want to play. Am I wrong about that? It was very good. Very entertaining. You don't think it was one of the great games ever. It's actually a national championship game between an ace in a doose. Yes, arguable. Well, I mean, what down to the last play, I think the USC Notre Dame game this past year was way better. Yeah, but that wasn't the championship game. That was, that was the regular season game in the ending was phenomenal in the audience and Reggie Bush pushed him over to your goal line in the end zone. I saw that. That was fine. I won't be picking on my boy Brady Quinn, please. But as far as the championship game evolved, you miss out to be one of the all-time graces. It's quite a watch out to say. And you ought to be, you ought to be thumping on your breast about it because it was a, you picked Texas to win. I did. Nobody around here thought that that was going to happen. And I apologize to Jorge and wherever he was that fascin the incident. I thought I had given you winner. I mean, when you got a 12 point lead with six minutes left, you think that you got the game. But you know, when you can't make the big play, when you can't tackle anybody, you're not going to win the game. And when your coach goes for it on fourth and two, damn you're out there midfield, like on a 42 yard line, that was really bad. I can see it was like fourth and an inch, you know? Yeah. In addition to which it's fourth and two, he's got Reggie Bush on the sideline. That's just fine. Huh? Not too small. Even the anime, they're just as a decoy, so that at least takes a couple of guys that are going to key it on him thinking he's obviously going to get, no. And he didn't even come close to making it. They didn't even come close. Pete Carroll, my ass. Anyway, it was just it was a great game. And Texas as much as I can't stand them and their obnoxious, hook them horns fans. They deserve to win it. See fairer spirit, you know, damn it. Trump, well, I mean, you know, I was rooting for USC. That mat line, or he looks so pretty good to me. Okay. I'd like to sit down and have a little chat with him. 1213 at 5.60 WQA and hey, happy New Year from the fine folks at Armstrong Ford home state. 2005 was a great year and thousands of new customers took advantage of the Neil Deal and bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford thousands. Why do people shop there? It's easy because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great price. Great service after the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family owner dealership that wants you to come and back again in the game. Pick up the phone right now called General Manager David Rich at 305. 2, 4, 7, 50, 1, 12, and don't forget when you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford home state, you still get that unbelievable exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Free tires and batteries for life for your car. That could save you thousands of dollars. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee that you won't find a better price anywhere in town. And like I always tell you, because they're locally owned and operated, they will treat you like you wouldn't believe because they want to make you a customer for ever and ever. No bait and switch, no 40 sales. So start off the new year with a new Ford from our good friend David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford home state, you'll find them at 307 25 South, 60 Highway just 20 easy minutes out of the old E36. Check them on the web, Armstrong cars.com, and drive maybe a few miles extra, but you're going to save a ton of cash when you do your car shopping at Armstrong Ford of home state. This is the new Roger. This is 5, 16, 2, 8, 10. Here is our show, your mine. We became backward brissels, what would Jesus do? Dupres, you can't hear us say, it's ours. You became backward brissels, what would Jesus do? We moved their bumper stickers until pretty species, you can't say, it's ours. Raccoon. If he came backward brissels, what would Jesus do? We left him all the way, we find a pair of patterned trimmons and bumper stickers until pretty species, you can't say, it's ours. If he came backward brissels, what would Jesus do? We left him all the way, we find a pair of patterned trimmons and bumper stickers and took pretty species, you can't say, it's ours. If he came backward brissels, what would Jesus do? We found a pair of patterned stickers, and bumper stickers, and bumper stickers, and bumper stickers, and bumper stickers, and bumper stickers, and bumper stickers. Make it off your backs machine, they're fancy up there in Orlando, Arizona, and I'm trying to fix them, and pull them off. That's okay, I've got plenty of time. Take it off the back. Beep beep, here, nice time. Thanks, getting here. Yeah, if the hotline rings, it's also a fat-drunk number. What do you mean by that? It was a ring we answered it, it was a pack. I thought maybe somebody who wanted to talk about sciver Chuck, well that's what we thought about. We had a business, and it turned out to be one of the facts that you know, what you anything? Lots. Probably 19, let's get a whole bunch of calls in between now and two o'clock. And the calls today have been fanbulous, despite what they have one O-Jama provocateur. And then that's one of the things about the colors, among many things, you know, that really is most amusing. Oh, these colors have nothing to say, and a woman that went on about the letter would Chuck sink, and what do you got? Nothing, but nothing, but negativity and hostility and a hate. Hate. That's the sound of South Florida, baby. We hate to. We don't even know you, but we still hate. We already hate you. It's like, you know, if you get new neighbors then, we've been having help them. Because all their new neighbors hate them, and they even know who they are yet. They haven't met them yet. They hate you. And by the way, you know, what's some of my neighbors? Yeah, what about a hate them? Oh, five. Oh, I don't want to mention which ones. Especially ones that live so close. And that direction there? Yeah, I don't hear talk about it. No, you know. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. You want to boy Gary once lived in my blog. Remember that? Yes, I do. Right down the street. And at one day after he got canon, he came in knock down my door and like, came in and but it beat, but it would put in. Wow. The main tried soon, everybody for getting the canon because he thought that he had a job for life. Was he dumb or what? On the idiot. Come in to 2 a.m. Hello. 2 a.m. I don't you like the sound of that call. Josh, you got to fix the phones back. Oh, don't you? I just see that one. You got to just reverse what you did there. Wait a minute. 2 a.m. Okay. Hey, New, how's it going? Okay. I guess I'll dig about what you said about the Carol and about that. 4th and 2. You didn't hear the interview this morning, huh? No. He said that he said him out there to try to draw pictures all sides and that liner did that on his own. Yeah. He took the staff trying to get the 2 yards to be there. Guess the hero of the team and you know, run up the clock. Well, any of the words are fine. Still bad, crazy. How can the back communication be? But that's fine. You know, it's the most crucial play of the game for them. Oh, that's me. That's why he wasn't in there because he was just trying to throw all the textures up all the time. Okay. That Madeline, he's not lunch. He's going to be good in it. No, he's going to be pretty good. Bye, buddy. Thanks, Kyle. I thought the pitch was the most important. Let's make up our mind here. What? What the red line? No, no. You know, you understand. If they would have pundered and backed them up like inside the 15 yard line, they wouldn't have had time. I mean, it was possible, but it's highly unlikely. But when you give, when you give a team like that, with a quarter back like that, the ball practically a midfield, it's pathetic. There was confusion, man. It was like a bad communication bad clock management. And when a coach starts playing in a quarterback, some young kid, that just tells me he's jealous because Matt Liner's going to make millions of dollars and looks better in he does, which ain't saying much. That's all, just jealousy. What kind of a coach does that, you know? Coach oughta come up and say it's my fault. It was bad communication. And should have called a timeout. We should have done this, but if we'd been in fact, didn't they call a timeout, but they didn't call a timeout. Before that fourth and two, they did. I'll bet your Mattie Bell's life on it right now. Okay. So how can you call a timeout and have any confusion left? Okay. You have to tell a quarter back, this is what you do, or else you'll never leave this field alive. Okay. We're just going to try drama aside. Don't try to be a hero. Don't try any fancy place. And I don't think that was the right play. I think it was the fourth and one where they were, they was, he wanted drama aside. I think this guy's got to confuse with the other play earlier. Remember that? Yes. Now that was the play. Not the fourth and two. That was a peak Carol decision, make no mistake about a JETS jetz as in suck. Or here's line nine, QAM hello. And it's the mushroom again. Well, what do you do with my phone? QAM hello. How old are you? Yes. Is it that you could do? Yes. Yeah, this is best I can do this, but you can do. You got a back machine right there. Here's the back machine right there. Here's the back machine. And it twice. Well fix it. Why do I have to keep thinking in this twice? QAM we answered it. That's, uh, I want to talk about the backstone. QAM. How you doing? I want to talk about the two-tone. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. It was that the whisper on nine, who was that? I remember that was a newest one. Wow. Whatever. QAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, it's the mushroom again. And now it's time for a can. I can't do this. They need me. I was going. How can you be on there? Well, you're like, oh, this is all over the place. Go ahead. I'd like to see really quick, um, while I'm going to say hello. Why do I have to find my wish from Echo West? Which definitely meant a word. She didn't. I'm here to know her. I said, but I'm here in man. Bad news about that airline. I wouldn't say really quick. What I was going to say really quick, oh, what I was going to talk about is she worked for them. And she's like, this is how pathetic they've been lately. She's also the work of six hours that for one day, two days in a row, she worked 19 hours. People decided to show up. And then they had two late plays come in. One, two hours away. One actually went on time. But we're supposed to go on time. I had to come back because of a fuel issue. That's that. That's that. Well, thanks for the big- I'm not going to. You know, two late. No, no, no, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. See, waste and now that was a bad call. Now, so what are we doing with the phone? Will you like to give me like a little head down, head to in, head to the outside? Well, obviously nothing here works the way that it's supposed to. What would he say with that? I mean, no, we're not going to say. We're not going to be able to come on. How would I? So I'll try hitting this one. It's going to happen that way until we reset it. I hit this one while there's the mushroom. And here's another one. Oh, cute. Yeah, okay. See, the symbol on there doesn't change. And then all of a sudden, if you have the second time, like about 10 second, right, or changes, you know, tell us and how they suck. They suck. They suck. They're fake. We got to do a table. You're working some better equipment that actually worsens that piece of crap. I get my garbage that they soundless with on their high paid meditation. So that's that's part of the side effect of actually picking up that handset is that it changes the mode of itself. Well, what kind of crap is that? It's crap. That is especially as swell as that. And use it one way or to other narrative to show me. I see. So I'll punch this once and I don't have to punch it again because even when I don't, it's still there. QAM, hello. Are the phones working now? The check-in. Make it sure. Uh-huh. Line check, you're good. phones are working. Okay. Have no fear. Have some material when you call. Okay. Besides, there's no space you can do. And bubble. Like that. Come up with some a little bit of creative. You lose, you're quizzing you. You're fair, God. Man, oh man. Oh line nine again. It'll be the same one. QAM, loser line. Hello. Yeah, that fake Eddie. Yeah, fake Eddie. You're so far away. You ain't no Eddie, mister. I know Eddie and you ain't no Eddie. Brother. Oh, worker fell 35 feet in empty water tower and Joe just somewhere. Two workers were painted a tower, one from the tank. You see that on CNN? No. Let's, let me, maybe this story is going to go on all day and we'll have to print a big person to kinsher again. And how are we? It is 60 minutes of fame again. No, I've always wanted to do it with like one of those tanks. Well, I guess now we'll find out. We'll get the inside scoop. Oh. So 35 feet into an empty water tower and Jackson County, Joe. See if there was water in there. Oh, yes. No empty. And you got the other couple of workers sitting up there on top. And they're like going to drop something down like maybe lunch. Probably some churches chicken would be good. 27 passionate and then of course if he has too much lunch, he might have to do a little number in there in the water tower. And then when he filled up with water, oh man. You know those clotters? Yeah, no. 27 afternoon at QAAM, well, it's that time of year again for new years resolutions. This year you've got the best option to lose weight and get healthy again. Balance for life, that magical black sack. And this year we're going to help the beast out. Get him ready for his wedding day providing him with gourmet meals from balance for life. Two and every day for updates of his progress and of course our chance to rip him a bigger fatter as every day. What could be easier than getting three gourmet meals in two delicious nice delivered in a black sack every day right your doorstep and school lose weight? And the best part of it is they give you a menu. You picked the choices for every day. You get to pick what you eat and it's fantastic delicious food that keeps you on the straight narrow path. How do you want to join a gym? Five to traffic. Five to crowds in the gym. Follow somebody on a sweaty machine. Wait for the cardio equipment. Then quit after just a few weeks out of frustration and still be as fat as a tub. Relax this year. Son of for balance for life. Get a weekly menu of meal selections and let them do all the work because the meals come right your doorstep and you're going to lose weight like crazy. Sit back and eat gourmet meals as your friends and coworkers rush off in the dead of winter during those soft lotus snowstorms to the gym snack non-curret sticks and rice cakes. So get on the zone with balance for life. Call them now. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call those. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. I got my ticket The booking come The cup of jujube Bees in the popcorn More Hollywood These days Would we play something Or with a lot of shun Cowboys' game Can you sit there Bring your seats Watching that giant monkey You feel way forward To the empty empty Grab your race I need you But that you don't follow I'll say Why would you be If you can You're the special of that So me What's the power Is the sooner More me I'm the answer I'm the answer I'm the answer So me For the more you can Of a big town Compton 2 So the Verkton King Kong Is The giant starter was good I thought it was good And you thought it was good Yeah, it was not to lie Just take a picture You can see it right away So what will we hear you send to me? I'll send you the South Park episode I don't know if you want to But I have both I have South Park episodes If you would watch them on the computer I could just email them to you I'm not going to watch them on a computer I'll do it I'll do it with all the respect I'll go better I want you to watch it on a computer When you watch it on your big That ATV thing I was fantastic I'm sure the giant druid on this ATV Send on the same song at George Bottom That's right That was sensational Palm Beach County Wait till you hear this I sure hope they stop voting for PAP if you can I'll be a benefit to Florida Palm Beach County has the fourth largest Jewish population in the US Oh, you're like that Jews in Palm Beach Me and your growth has made Palm Beach County's Jewish community Fourth largest in the nation according to a survey Relicious today by the counties Two Jewish Federation's the average age of course is 90 plus The county's Jewish population is 255,550 5,000 of home voted for PAP you can In 2000 Tasting at a head of Broward and Dave Counties and behind only New York, LA And Chicago is that incredible or one? What do you think about that? Tite? I've got the population of Palm Beach County Then that's not possible, is it? I don't know Do a Google on it What's the population of Palm Beach County? I thought it was like a half a million Which would make half of the county Jewish The Jewish community in Palm Beach County has developed literally overnight compared to older Jewish communities And they ordered the older, see older And the northeastern US and Jeff Klein And the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County Which serves areas from point in beach to Jupiter Oh, and Uranus Klein and officials from the Jewish Federation of South Palm Beach County Which serves the Bokad del Rey in Highland Beach Is Spoky yesterday a temple of Shirai Shalom A reform synagogue west of point in beach That's Jewish light reform synagogue Jewish light Or the Jewish population is skyrocketing It's skyrocketing, they're Jews dropping out of the sky You're coming in banana boats The 2004 population was 1,243,000 Palm Beach counties that over a million people I do like that 1,012? Yes, so that means the 20% of Palm Beach is Jewish 20% How do you like that boys? If you want to open up a Hall of Austin That's where to do it right there in Boitin Beach Federation officials say they face the challenge Promoting a sense of Jewish identity among newer rivals Not found by the historic roots in anchor Jewish communities in northeast Officials are presented to survey Our concern that the emerging groups of Jews in Palm Beach Cuddy includes growing numbers of young families Or not affiliated with a synagogue Participate little in Jewish community life And donate less to Jewish causes In order groups to isolate them by the way In other words, we don't have a bunch of getschies Only 32% of the counties use her fully able to synagogue 16% among those 35 and younger to which I say There's hope for us after all Hope for the world Now if we can just say that about all the other Notty religions Federation officials say they're advising strategies to reach out to Under Jewish families in Jews only Lusely identify with their faith We need to accept people where they are Not where we want them to be We need to reach out to the unaffiliated The intermarried and the assimilated That's what we're so on Years ago there were 2015,000 Jews in Palm Beach And our six years later it's grown by what 40,000 They're dropping in from the sky Maybe they're coming in in hot air balloons They're all over the place Another setting Yeah, okay, whatever I just wait till the people in barred They're going in barred find out there's a few Jews in barred too They're not too happy about that Let's see Here's the facts from Rick It says Oh, it's about skipper chuck You burned that out, mumbling Tuesday Well, he wasn't dead, he was just ailing Well, that's what I'm saying, we'll be mentally died At least have the decency before you put the guy in the ground Oh, you're like this Look at that, you can say you were head of your time The time when you know to be nice is what they're going to say Let's talk about aerial sure on then He was a kind man Oh my look at who's this guy? Who's this big and a get skis With a schmata on With a guitar Oh, he's made his mirror He's a reporter from Israel on there with a schmata head Oh my god, nice rag though man Look at that thing, nice beanie Good, golly Miss Ma'am What is happening to this? They've just all gone nuts Rick says having been born and raised in my name Remember skipper chucked finally I'm deeply sad when I heard the news this morning I wish the family would change their minds And let us know when and where the service will be So we can go to pay our respects to man who impacted thousands of softholded children Well, I mean the family are the ones who are going to decide that And I don't have to look again and I don't see any announcement So maybe it's going to be a private thing I'm going to tell some DVDs of a show I would be the first one lined by one Says Rick, I will nail in the words of the skipper Peace love and happiness to wall You'll be missed in our thoughts and prayers I would be with you and your family, says Rick What are the nice guys from work I'd like that Who cares about skipper chucked As opposed to just being some mean spirited self-loaded jacket I want to go either on a phone or on the fax machine Or both Somebody QAM hello and it's still doing I'm not doing it's okay Did you reset the phone? I guess not Well why not? Well we tried Well what do you mean you tried it didn't take? Well try again do I have to reset it on this end now? No no no no Let's just do it I don't want to shoot the old man Huh? I'm telling jobs to do it now Do it now baby Do it As Nancy Reagan would say just do it You can do it Yeah look at the right head I'm not easy Nancy Miao with his campaigns and see you Well this guy is so Jewish I'm overrun by it you know I'm staring to see a little bit Just a little bit too Jewish for me 5 6 7 0 5 6 The Air Fondos grew up what an alboli of QAM Maybe now that we got a new general man Where he might stick his tentacles and testicles Into like you know engineering and sales We had a little bit involved If there was one well I said we're a thousand things that break me I've been negligent about that I was you know he was a hands-off kind of GM You know I mean by that No what he spent to a In fact he even said maybe one of these days I'll meet him for lunch for a sushi Ha ha ha ha That was one of our parting lines on the phone yesterday Maybe we'll have to ask his whole your breath Greg Hey I test the phone there I beg your pardon Pop a line on WKOM hello And I was crazy Yeah we know WKOM hello Or fun I had a little ruff I made it out of flesh And run the truck ready Oh what's that? Ha ha ha ha She ended this thing I was using a combination they just they just lost I wanted to see what that goes The song was good Yeah but you want to see where it went Ruffo No where it went And I heard it wasn't little either Well who now was it always Jack Nichols And I'm something I was watching And I was talking about how he had a big fat ass 1240 20 about a beautiful fat ass 2440 QA And we're working our way this is the more how we're given pregame show I'm sure that I'm going to be sitting in here for hours So listen to his aimless ace of last night's big rose ball again Not I mean what's the aim lies was a great game And the coach blew it and he's bringing it in everybody else When you're shopping for shoes comfort and fit is what it's all about And pad you too Nobody wants to pay too much for name brand shoes Which is why you all go over to brand these Because they've got the biggest selection of name brand shoes Anywhere in town at on Beable prices everyday Brande's here is a sensational selection of all the top brands like floor shine Rockport echo Mufisto new balance SAS And all the others too And Brande's professional true fit is I'll make sure you've got a customized video favorite comfort Just ask for Arney, I'll make sure you get the perfect fit And the pros at Brande's even specialize in wide width as well They really understand fit and comfort And as far as giving you the best price nobody beats Brande's So the worth of trip from just about anywhere in town Brande's shoes you'll find in the mid-1290 North federal highway in Pompano Beach Brande's is open every day till 9 That's Monday through Saturday and every Sunday even till 5 And this week is a stupidest time to buy SAS shoes at Brande's They 20% extra off on all great men's and women's SAS styles this week So be sure to get your butt in the Brande's this week Or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brande's Shoes dot com This is Neil Rogers This is 5168 Fuck today about why we went into Iraq, why we stayed in Iraq And why we cannot and will not leave Iraq for generations to come It is because of oil As president, I'm responsible for the decision to go into Iraq At any point along the way, I've could have avoided war So we misled the American people and rightly so Station Iraq or high because of oil And we will not leave until victory has been achieved They got bless you all Have it, have it, have it, have it, have it, have it In town they be 24, the Florida Supreme Court struck down the state's Vongers system it allows some children to attend private schools at Tensperre's fence today saying it violates the state's constitution Requirmative a uniform system, our free public schools, how do you like that? Yeah, there's one for the good guys, little more this Goysher crap School vouchers my ass, my fat ass in your governor's case, you big governor What? That'd be a big voucher. Yeah Thursday's 5-2 opinions struck down the opportunity scholarship program Champion by fat ass governor Jam Bush, by far-bist in governor Jam Bush Which was the nation's first day while a system of school vouchers About 700 children stay what are using the program to attend a private or Perocule school after transferring from a public school to say Considuous to be failing Like our governor, failing Chief Justice Barbara Periente, waiting for the majority, said the program Diverts public dollars in the separate private systems parallel to and In competition with the free public schools, which are the soul means set out In the state constitution for educating Florida's children's private schools There are also not uniform and compared with each other In the public school system and the exempt for many standards imposed by law In public schools such as mandatory testing she added And God only knows what kind of crap they're teaching to by the way Justice is Kenneth Bell on Raul Cantaro both reported by Bush descended Raul Cantaro, what a surprise huh? Nice going Raul Maybe seven of them cannibals right now are eating Raul The 99 law previously been rule unconstitutional by the first district court of appeals On grounds that it violated separation of church and state in the Florida constitution The high court found no need to address that issue after finding vouchers Violate the public education provision to law was challenged Today after Bush signed it More than a dozen groups filed friends of the court briefs in the case Ranging from the US Department of Justice supporting the state for the Immigual Reading Association supporting the voucher opponents Those opponents include the Florida Education Association The state teachers union of Florida PTA The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People And the League of Women Voters Two more recent voucher programs dwarf the opportunity scholarships Nearly 14,000 students attend private schools on the case scholarships Which have created for children with disabilities and another 10,000 poor children Ten private schools on scholarships funded by businesses that get tax credits from the state And a part for each and a pair of three So there's a lot of getting against your flat ass governor Just like Terry and her two Just like the slots And just like the offshore drilling and every other damping He comes down on the wrong side of this is a piece of crap at his Zester But he's wildly popular in Florida because at least half the population is Dumber than sawdust God, what a what a place what a what a state of depression When you're in Florida, man, you know what's the nature in Yeah, the state of depression. Stingustated depression. Guess what? What? The son of Indianapolis called Coach Tony Dungee He was the both the hang and suffer from a ceiling fan According to the 911 called the teenage zero and the teens girlfriend Made when she found him last month Sounds like bad parenting to me Josh Yeah, we're no Sounds like bad parenting to me Tony I think God is gonna I think God will get even during the playoff you'll see And for that Anderson returned to James Dungee's apartment We have to gain Saturday too by the way we got the the Patriots and Jackson the lunch Saturday Got a couple of games Saturday right right Wow High pressure weekend man heavy duty take a lot of drugs between now and the weekend Gonna be from then to some out of pressure. Once that dolphin playoff game on And for that Anderson returned to James Dungee's apartment after a ten-knit walk Really December 22 to find him apparently lifeless according to table He's yesterday the tape is the first public indication of how James Dungee 18 apparently killed himself Yeah, and this whole thing has been kind of like shrouded in mystery when you say I would say yeah Well, but how about now you know you would know Tony Dungee from Tony Shorts So I think my boy friends dead in anguished Anderson told an emergency dispatcher I think he tried to hang himself or something She told the dispatcher she had used a knife to cut James Dungee down She told the dispatcher Dungee's roommate was asleep in another room Get the roommate up the dispatcher role Anderson you're gonna need some help here. Okay. Okay. Okay Anderson is then heard telling me roommate whose name is not to release. I think he's dead like for real And I'm on the phone with 9 to 11 The two-tell of the dispatcher Dungee isn't moving The dispatcher tells him how to perform CPR's Anderson cried forced to deep breath to air to the lungs just like you're blowing up a big balloon This dispatcher said did you do that? Yes Anderson said I just don't think he's alive You feel air going into the dispatcher. Ask Anderson replied no no two knows no And he was working on the sheriff's evidence he soon arrived and took over the CPR a termedic who took Dungee to a hospital He was pronounced theyed The local medical examiner is called death and a parent suicide apparent but as we've used to give an exam Cause pending results of toxic toxicological test that should be written about a month You said toxicological test toxicological tests good On October 21, James and money never know when you're gonna be reading a story you might have to read that Maybe when October 21 James Dungee was treated after overdosing on painkiller Then he calmly told him I love him to spatcher. He was just being stupid and taken about 18 pills It was taken of a hospital for treatment James Dungee had moved back to the temporary from Indianapolis last year to attend college His father encosted a box of mag 96 to 2001 In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if the ghost of James Dungee Hubbers over the box in the playoffs this year and they may have been early as it Tony Dungee missed one game after his son's death return to the cold side line I like that I like that I like that Who did the bus was it wasn't the warlands was it that they squeaked by on Sunday? That's right I mean that was pretty embarrassing They were like all out to be the little girls team All out God What is this thing about that's no jackrabbitist and artist and chain? What is this story? It's just funny It's just funny Yeah Oh, it's not stupid It seems like we don't have time for grades G maturely Okay We got to like crank it up a couple of months So that guy isn't disappointed the crank on line nine year Come on call us back again on line nine Pally we're really starting to enjoy your line Let's see if that's the best you got sweetheart We know what you got Smoothie Lubber I think 560560 Palm 560 The liberalizing singular wireless line Let's get those phones smoking baby wake up and live Skipper Chuck died new people are like Same old crack man Same old crap Yeah, I'll tell you one thing Too bad that pros agron was not a skipper Chuck So he even got a couple of spanking's But a screen his ass out I think scrubby would have given it to him There you go Here's our guy 2 am You know what's your take on the NFL I take this Take this take about take up whatever else goes Where that James Dungeon you took take about a few of Locating call us back tomorrow from the other side Sweetheart What a loser But please keep calling How many QA and hello Yeah I know I didn't skip a Chuck Is mega up down here But it's not what I'm calling How could you not know who skipper Chuck is Who won things you're ready a person out of No a TV guy man He was the most famous he had the most famous kid show And history of South Florida along with Wayne Ferris Oh, I don't know I don't know I don't know But there is no calling I know some people written by Called you in a lot of orders but get Clark You know his performance I never watched those ball drop shows But this way it was brutal You know what you're going to ball drop? Yeah, I see You know one point you know The final of the meeting Doing the countdown the first thing you said it all And it's unintelligible I can't tell you what you're saying And then you hear this weird Stucking gotps being sound And then there was suddenly pan to him Thressing his wife and there was one of the most disturbing things That are just a few Wow He didn't know that He was the same way about it The sound effect We just discussed and got it here I don't know He's going to play too Okay, well you don't have to worry about Think too much longer palace What I'm hearing Five, six, seven, five, sixty Pond, five, sixty And he Verizon and singular wireless line I tried to tell these people Didn't we warn we on top of that story Man, thanks to the inquire While the people are the PR people We're trying to cover it up That he did well he had a mild stroke And then the second one they invited He's telling about it But when it came to your kill them Turn him into a vegetable That'll teach him for master with Michael Moore Just stop and think about that scene again And bowling for Columbine Where he's sitting at big whatever that thing is That big SUV is like a caravan What what I heard it was Yeah, but caravan The big caravan He's got all his assistants in there And like, oh Michael Moore Michael Moore and he, oh yeah, yeah Or Okay Well we got a meeting Let's go Close the door Close the door I'm not sure who is more hostile Congressman who will run And especially the one that we ran away from Michael Moore Remember he ran away Shake his hand And he pulled his hand away from me And he got a bicycle Oh my god, that was beautiful Somebody QIM hello Any other? Yes sir The movie sleepers Yes How much of it did you actually say I don't know Maybe 45 minutes all together You know, like here and there Because I was watching the ball game I definitely worked watching I don't know if the other host The whole thing is Kevin Bacon plays They are Charmel resting Warden at a boys prison Right Even less kids When they're young And you know they just pretty good I mean very disturbing So you don't need to go to jail For like Jason a hot dog vendor They're stealing a hot dog When they're in the hot dog When the guy changes and they take his car Actually and the loose control of the car They go flying out of subway trains They're like the subway The subway stairs And kills the guy at the bottom So they get put and do when I was attention for that And this is Kevin Bacon And always guys are molesting him And they want to get out The two guys happened to run into him And they're like 25 years old Right restaurant They're in a lot of things And he was already I saw him in a credits He was the first day mentioned in the credits But he was already dead by the time I saw it Yeah exactly You missed the whole first part of the movie The kids growing up And the hero being the priest And how's the hero health You know the man there is a priest To help that these allies To get him out of the ghetto I don't know How do you know the hero's a priest The hero kept the mix The mix took into the substance The tickets and his pocket Exactly Exactly But it was If you ever have the opportunity To either rent it or buy it or watch it Well let me see So was Brad Pitt was one of them Brad Pitt was a friend Yeah But let me stay I'm trying to get guy Because he was in on it Right even though he was supposed to be the prosecutor He was in on it Absolutely he was in on it He was right He was one of the He was one of the kids And the two guys The two guys that were And the killing the warden Were like they had problems with the law All through And once they get out of it Because I noticed that they had the end of it And even in the blurb about it At the bottom of the screen It said that the author of the book claimed that it was a true story And only the names have been changed And the juvenile justice system in the Or state denied that it ever happened And the idea So you know We have to believe the author obviously That's correct Yeah I was really really good Try to catch the beginning of the ghetto Okay Well they did someone those movie channels It'll be on a lot One quick question for somebody The movie has asked you for a while What is the origin of you We're referring to The title is the brain scent I don't know that ever happened What's that all about it What we want to do It's from a bit How did that happen It's an event One of the bits that we have And I forget by whom Reapers to It's like the future of the dolphins And the shulers of brainstem in a jar Oh that's right That's right And especially the part where shuluses I just wasn't conscious Yeah The comedy of the bit is that shuler It will never retire And in the year of 25 25 he's still coaching as a brainstem Brainstorm is in a jar And he still coaching the team And quite currently you could be Dave Wonstan Doing it I guess now we can perform The W is the brainstem pretty much There you go Very funny See Yeah Yeah the brainstem is your president All the course ever brains Then you have to have a brain Right Well not necessarily But he doesn't even know that I see It's kind of like that thing about The whole day found in Shuron's heart I find it hard to believe Because it would have to have a hole in your heart You have to have a heart Well yeah the hole in your heart I was at what it was Wasn't it a hole in your heart Holy heart It's a real real Roger This is five sixty two eight It's the bomb two two Well Hi Dave When someone will try to put me down And set the application I tell him If I don't wait I'll be dead He has to get you I tell him I show It's time for one And then he says I'll say It's the devil's eyes It's the devil's eyes I swear It's the light You're in your heart You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You'at I'm a small fighter You know You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star You're a star I'm all And I'm no only In my heart Yeah Why not? You're a star Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey I got You're a star Say your word Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. We're approaching that 2200 mark. That'll be the point which the American public says, okay, that's enough. Not. So the American public is like busy with the coal miners. 130 dead Iraqis civilians today. Many of whom were real, standing in line of the police, but ain't gonna be, they're gonna be dead police. It's a good 30 Iraqis and 50 incidents. And it's like, what, 80? You said about 200? So there you go. Say, I guess probably the terrorists, the insurgents, they're monitoring the show. And when you come up with the number, they're like trying to like, okay, I'll almost hit our quota. All right, for tomorrow. I'm not 30 man. Hey, ha ha ha. Oh no. It's kind of like a porcupis, whether you're a quota right in a traffic. Oh, don't get me started. But they must be having a rough time on the new high. It is road there up by me in plantation because they don't have the big bushes yet. That they, maybe they probably the hurricane. You had just left town. So the 11 year old girl got struck and killed in a school zone and the people are screeching. And they say, the people don't stop for these lights. We told the cops, they don't do anything about it. They just keep running through the lights running through the lights. And that's exactly what happened to Lady Randal light and killed a little kid to nobody stop and for red lights here. But they're, but they're writing speeding tickets. Right. Well, it's, it's dangerous work trying to stop people speeding through their lights. You know, if they get involved in the middle of traffic and go even through there, they're on their side. Yeah. Yeah. As opposed to just sitting under a bush, which I was saying about, I'm the new high at this road. They just have these real skinny trees. So they can't hide out of the bushes of behind the trees and tell you like, growing up crap on them until, you know. So that's, maybe that's about one of the only positives from the hurricane is a blue alley. All that foliage away so that work, he doesn't have any place to hide on at road. So evidently, they're trying to find new places to hang up. You know. Pretty sad. That's really important polis work. Make no mistake about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 6, give me Verizon's singular wireless lines. Skipper talked to, I guess, today, Ariel Sherone's got a hold on his heart and a hold on his head. And he's a source of whatever it is you'll now. He's hanging out by a thread. Look at that, clings to life after brain hemorrhage in surgery. And heart function, his brain and his heart operation by themselves on their own with us any kind of intervention whatsoever. You know, the interesting part of this is speaking of the media can't get anything right. Last night, one of the reports on more of the networks and I don't want to say which because I'm not sure which one it was. And I said, well, his organs are rapidly failing and it'll be a miracle if he lives through the night. And I didn't see just if you say that his brain and his heart are functioning on their own without any ass assistance, who you get a belief. And speaking of ass, can you imagine the size of his ass? Good God. I'm not saying that there are kaboches in his real earned to size of his ass. Good God. He's got a big kaboose. If he didn't weigh at least 600, man, I mean, 77 years old, bigger than our house and eating any halavaba to handle and two big pieces of chocolate cake, probably a tray. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I still think it was that they can choose for the dinner. The Lord said, uh, about a big man, that's it. You're done. W to Q a n, hello. Q a n. To h e e d. OK. Get a maramo, what's up to me? Speaking. Hey, me, how are you doing, buddy? I'm still doing OK. Hey, long time they talked to you. Listen, I'm back in town. I moved out. I moved up to Tennessee. I was nine months ago. You moved up to Tennessee. Yeah. It's nice up there, man. And I just came back yesterday. Legal stuff to care of. Right. Man, I was on the, uh, what do they call it? The Caribbean Grand Prix last night, our 95. Yeah. That was insane. It's a Grand Prix. Oh, it's like the, everybody was left right, changing lanes, warming, accidents everywhere was incredible. But, um, I just turned y on. I'm heading back to Tennessee as we speak. Yeah, get out of there fast man. I was there for three days over the weekend. And I don't ever want to be back. Nine times soon. Have you ever been up to Tennessee? I was in Nashville for one month and 1980 and W L A C. How many of you that's got country up there? Yeah, it was. Yeah, they're very heavy-guid country, right? Yeah. A church out of E. A quarter and a bar across the street. What's not really? I'll tell you the funny story. There wasn't even there like three days. It moved into my new house and my neighbor came over and, and to me, a little pamphlet from her church and said, well, I don't really know if you have a church yet, but, um, this is our church, you know, if your answer is to the count. Right. Now, you better not get your answer to church in Tennessee, man. Are they going to come in, uh, give you a whip like? I got, I got one foot foot in hell, door already. I don't think they're going to even take me. Yeah, they won't have. Okay, good luck, you pal. Hey, it's nice talking to you. See ya. I didn't like that. There's a guy in Tennessee and actually likes you there. And that's his line. I still be free to the Sun Sentinel pool from overnight about the, uh, you know, are you moving or are you thinking about what would you like you about? 72% say, oh, hell, yes. So I don't feel like not that I ever felt guilty because I know that I have a lot of company out there, people are just, it's just what it was, man. It ain't what it was. And as far as the Caribbean, uh, a welcome to the islands, man. Welcome to the islands. South Florida has become like a cesspool like the dumping ground. For a lot of swirl that's loaded up here on the sand. They all talking about what he talked about. I'm saying welcome to the islands, man. Lots of things. I've been my sheen gun, man. That's what I'm saying. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I know. I know. I'll paint for there. And I want to be right there. Okay. Well, we'll get you a plane ticket. I'll be right there. Okay. You can be on one side. I'll be on the other side. Yeah. Okay. I'll put a part with a video camera. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the homey dead before the end of the week. You'll see. Yeah, probably. And then they're going to bring in this, uh, lackey. His is just a carbon copy, which is okay. Because at least he was trying to make a little piece of piece of this piece of the piece of the, uh, they was just my biggest enemy because he was the one that gave the green light for all those illegal settlements in the first place. But nevertheless, they're still funny. They're, but nevertheless, they're not going to start with your anti-symaticism when you place you Palestinian liquor. Like I said, those Palestinians, remember what I said yesterday? Yeah, I'll have to take a look for it. Great. Now, now you don't believe me. There are some beautiful Palestinian people. The ones that are still alive. I think I met one guy once. Wow. How many QA and you would have liked them to? Well, but I would. QA and yes. What's your area? Pretty good. Listen, uh, do you talk in the south for the guys after about Phoenix Arizona? Oh, my God. Oh, that was, I let me tell you. I've gone there twice. One was for business. The other one was for transit because I had to change the plane to go to a bank pool where British Columbia. Mm-hmm. Now that of beautiful place. That's right here. Everybody raised about it. That is a beautiful place. And the temperature was very comfortable. A lot of green mountains with white tops, notes on the top, waterfalls and a very nice downtown. Very scenic, yeah. Very scenic. And two of us, I told Paradise. Oh, Phoenix. Oh, my God. Yeah, you got to get 100 years old. They're hot. They go, oh yeah, it's 100 degrees, but it's dry. And I thought, okay, 100 degrees is 100. Yeah, it only feels like 98. Yeah, it's terrible. I'll never go back unless I got to fly through the airport. That's this. That's a beautiful place. And then as far as the island's concerned, you're right. There's a lot of pirates and stuff in the Caribbean. Yeah, but there's some other nice places that you've got to go. You've got to have the money like you. You've got a lot of money. There's some places you can go. But you just got to have the money. I'll stick with Berlin, baby. Berlin. Okay, I'll be the sign. Okay, bye. Toast for Danya. Toat scenes, do we? Wow. See you around, eh? And that one always works. See you around, eh? Be sure if you're an American tourist in New York, like anywhere. Be sure to have that Canadian Tukun, right? Or like a Canadian T-shirt with a Canadian flag. Don't tell anybody you're an American or like, I'm being a little angry. They get that idea. I'm being a Australian hostile. Yeah. I know you're talking to a boot. Yeah, they not do. They don't condo Americans no more because they hate bush like poison. And so as a result Americans get like a fallout. You know, like we're guilty by association. And some of you idiots actually voted for them. Once you twice or at least they pretended you did. How is the Polka in the We've been Remest? Sam, we haven't been a miss? 1225 votes are gold as a thousand. On the, on the, on the Polka or a miss show. All the surgery was on the right side of Shiron's brain as opposed to the wrong side. All in a year's with bush. All between two of the, the two of them man. Talk about a brain. Talk about a genius in waiting. Wow. For him. What do we call out to find? For the state that he was in. He was carried out. His treatments carried out by the. Well, he was carried out. The most overdone news story of the past year is 1225 vote. The missing chicken of Rubah, 426 anti-Riander tube. Rubah. 310. Moe's impressed by the girls in high school and the marching bands that play the tuba. We ever seen that? Yeah, sure. Wow. Talk about having really strong lifts. Runaway, bribe 221. Michael Jackson, trial 99. For the lottery LK goes to Iraq 63. Hurricane Katrina. 25. 25. Oh, no. Couldn't resist. Oh, my god. We've got it all, man. There's nothing we don't have. That was just, you know, by pulling my pants. Yeah, exactly. That was beautiful. Oh, that's just seven into a dirt and an orbit. Hurricane Katrina mine 25. Rosa Parks dies 22. Who? Iraq War 14. The new Nazi Polk 12. Cool miners only 10. Oh, please. Republican scandals eight. Supreme Court nomination six. The rack election six. And they're still counting by the way. They're still dumbing up some votes. Hurricane Wilma II. Agent earthquakes one. And the London bomb is in the London view. None. Zero. Because that was a terrorist act there for it. So, evidently, the motive, the, you know, if you turn it around. And you assume the least votes you got, the more important the storm must have been to people. That was the most important of them all. And I thought we couldn't give a crap about our, our, the silly as Brits. I couldn't. They give me the Schmitz the Brits, especially with all that royalty crap. Man, with a queen and potentially a man prints a, hairy. Oh, geez. Give me a break. Oh, family looks like a bunch of retards. Yeah, you want to know why it's all the centuries of inbreeding. That's what it is. You do know that. Oh, yeah. About the batten birds. I mean, you know, house of Windsor. Oh, they couldn't dilute that royal blood with common. Windsor, I understand they got the lot of topless bars. They're getting on. There's article the other day about how the Detroit news is promoting the Super Bowl is in Detroit. Am I right about that, Josh? I actually don't know. Do me a favor in Google it. All right. Because I'm sure that's the one they were talking about. They probably weren't talking about like the 2007 Super Bowl. So anyway, they're all these ads being put out and they Detroit news and big article about, Well, come right across the ambassador, Brits to Windsor. And it's like Cincinnati. They got all these newly bars and prostitution is legal there and the swing clubs and all of these. All of these forbidden things, which of course, all the guys going to ball games. They want that, you know. They want to go to real ball games. What does it say for the 2006 Super Bowl? Super Bowl 40. We signs the fact that the paper is will kick ass. What does it say? I'm looking at it. Jesus, man, you think this was like rocket science? I'm sure about being, huh? It might not be rocket science, but it is brain surgery. It must be in Detroit. Brain stem surgery. Oh, boy. I sure missed a chin teaky. Oh, brother. Great polygen restaurant. And the my guy. The my guy I think was in Chita Waga, Buffalo. Now, for those days, you probably don't. What was the other one? There was one in South Florida, the big Polynesian joint. Begin with a T. Like under me. My tie. My tie also. That was a place where the food was not that big of a deal. Was the show they put on the Polynesian show. Don't say what it is. It's still there. The my tie. Like I said. Trader Vicks. That's the one I was thinking of. There was one in South Florida. There was one in Detroit. You're still on. Yes, you're right. It's Detroit. Oh, why did you do it so fast? We could have milked until about 158. Well, I'll think you're in the dead end job like Josh Cortis. If you're underpaid like Josh, if you knew you and by the way, it is past the new year. How's your race coming by the way? What race? Seriously, if if Clarence comes in there again tomorrow or Friday, or tomorrow being Friday or whenever. Don't what's around man. Let's put his feet to the floor. Yeah, how the Greg is going. And at like 80's then in here, he was sucking out of that place. They sure ought to have a few extra books for you. Like I talked to Joe Bell then. Talk to Joe Bell. I'm here. He's a really good guy. Some that if you don't get your race, I'm walking out. That's all. Okay. If you're in the dead end job or underpaid. If you knew his resolution is to get you a high banker. We're the new odd act now. Pick up that phone and call our friends at fast train. toll free. 1866 fast train. Fast train will get you trained and ready for that new high banker. We're just a few short months. That's correct. You can get your new high banker and just a few short months. And really change your life and start getting a big fat one in the paycheck too. The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is in all time high right now. And fast train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes. Stop placement assistance, definitely for people to qualify. So pick up that phone and call fast train and one 866 fast train. They've faced over 100 individuals just like you last year. Tech fast train out of the web at fast train.com. But act now. I do high paying career because taxes are filling up pretty quick. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Chain you like get you a paycheck and life that goes along with a call. It's six days fast train. This year make a news resolution. We're really by making that call fast train pull free. 1866 fast train. This is Neil Roger. This is 516. 18. Fap all the slime all the time. Next time you were visiting a loved one who was dying from an adorable disease. Here's some good news you can tell them that certain did hear them up. You were friendly pharmaceutical companies. Now have a black illness disorder for a merciless plague. So you're all. I got a restless thing. I rest his name. Don't sit down. Stop your restless legs now with Neil. I'll see you almost being. I can't stop. I can't stop. I can't stop. I can't stop. I can't stop. You're so funny. Here. I have oxymeral esteem. Same. I'm completely paralyzed from the waist down. Thank you, oxymeral esteem. Side effects include running. Jumping. Are you being off a building? If you suffer from rubble disease, restless legs, ask your butcher. I have me named doctor for oxymeral esteem. I can't stop. Stop. Stop. Oh, God. He was reckoned first time. Dr. Bochersame difference. One twenty and five sixty. W.Q.M. happy Thursday man. January the fifth. Everybody the passes were getting close and close to that March first day. Hmm. My my my. Look out. Oh, we had a couple of good calls from Mike. During your vacation, too. Mike. Mine Mike. Oh. Good calls. Good calls. I got no problem. Yeah, you do. I do. Well, you don't know where to get, but you do. Okay. So by the way, that then educated the Afghan educator that got was teaching the girls and got beheaded. That was in front of his family for maximum of my parents. I love his dad. I mentioned that they just put that on their now. You're just for maximum impact. Like, yeah, so now you folks will be doing this no more educated girls my ass. Oh, speaking of a religious poppy cock. To NBC affiliates in Arkansas and Indiana, what a surprise. Are turning the page on upcoming series the Book of Daniel, which has been drunk criticism for its portrayal of Christianity. The series depicts an episcopane administer played by Aiden Quinn, struggling with the conviction to vicarbonne among other problems in his diocese. Jesus is actually a character on the series depicted in the magic conversations with a minister. In the past few months, the conservative right wing of Ludentic's the American Family Association, being caught on affiliates and advertisers to bail out of Daniel. Many stations have been flooded with emails and calls from viewers objecting the series. I got that solution for them. Don't watch it. K-A-R-K TV and Little Rock Arkansas and W-T-W-O, W-2 a TV interhode in Vienna. An ounce yesterday they would preempt Daniel, which was first Friday at 9 p.m. both are owned by next to Star Broadcasting. K-A-R-K TV declined airdain, while citing careful consideration of your feedback. Little Rock's W-B-F-L-E-A-W-B-F-T-V, while airdain will instead. So it's still going to be on, but it's just to be on the W-B, which, of course, we know what a bunch of humans they are. Anybody that would put on Tom Welling with that gigantic swelling. However, W-T-W-O-Generomanager, Duane Lamar, said he's not preempting Daniel due to its content, but rather to protest what the viewers, what he views is that we're strong armor-purchased with affiliates, as well as inconsistent federal oversight of indecent content. This has nothing to do with a program, has nothing to do with the AAFA Lamar, said, I think the system is screwed up. I think the network thinks we're going to do whatever they tell us to do. I think the regulatory environment is flawed. The network stands by the series, according to VV Ziggler, executive editor by one of VV's kinesthesi-Ziggler. Probably got better here, I'll ask. Executive VP current programming, NBC Entertainment of caution, not to judge the series on the basis of promotions for the show. People are reaching, are reacting based on not having a scene, if he said they're seeing the advertising, not seeing what the core of the show is. I heard it's rotten to the core. Jack Kenny, executive producer of Daniel, dismissed claims that the series anti-christian, odd dammit. We're not in any way set of rise in Christianity or Jesus, he said, it's done with love honoring those things. Well, I guess we'll start to watch South Park. But Lamar isn't taking the exception with Daniel rather than he's using the paramount of grievances within the street practice, especially network affiliate relations. And he goes down by the beep, but a beep, but a beep. WTW is alone so far in its preemption of Daniel, but other affiliates wrestle with a decision to wrestle with it. I wonder if that's Christian wrestling they're doing. When you say, Greco, roll that out about it. Yeah, another Christian wrestling me. Jason, believe that until he looked at all. I thought it was fake, man. Leave it to ABC Newsman. They got a religious segment of the ending. If you don't like the newscans, just stick around for the prayer at the end of the show. Okay, you're loving ABC News. It sucks. There's been enormous amount of discussion about the show. It's the pulse and vice president of marketing KSL TV. Then we see affiliate and Salt Lake City. This one happens to have religious overtones, to what's causing a little stir. We determined on this one, let the viewers determine the success in other words. Let them decide. I want you to find it not by, by. Like this show, you like it great. If you don't like it, by, by all of you only, anyway. We know that. KSL was kidders to a heavily Mormon viewership. Has not been shy about joining the small group of stations that are preempted in ABC programming in recent past. Among the NBC series that have been a yanked in recent years, include coupling, God, the devil, and Bob, and stressed Eric. Do you think Eric has stressed? Well, parts of the mark. Let's see. Let me take a look at the last thing and put tomorrow's pull on there. Yet, not that I don't see. I shouldn't have said that. I'll put it on there. Just a joke, Eric. Lammers, which also, who also serves executive EP and chief operating officer of WTWO of Perman Company next to our broadcasting, is known for taking aggressive stands on the hand-based company. He pulled multiple next to our own stations off Cox Communications and the cable on system for most of the last year. And we're in a negotiate cash for a carried. That's industry-craft, and nobody's here. I can't secure my ass. 560560, pound-five 60, your take, skipper-check-ties, USC blows the arosable last night. And one of the most exciting games ever played. All of these other... Part of these things going on. And these people are, it's just the usual stuff. You know, but it would be, but it would be, same old cramp, never will change. WQAM, hello. Hey, you know, I was a god. Pretty good, pal. I mean, what you got? Good. All of this, and before the game last night, I was looking at my job, TV, and I looked at VH1, the show called 40 greatest prank. Did you ever see it? No. You know, they just had one prank going on. He was talking about W, before he was in the office. Every time he got an electric in the office, some prankster in the White House, every keyboard popped into W off, because that was his logo through his campaign. W, you know, hold on for your fingers. They said it was like, like, reckless, 16-pray is pranking his story, or some prankster. Every keyboard or typewriter in the White House, they pulled the W letter off, so no one could type that letter. Bobby Dan. How about that was pretty fun? I see a little symbolism involved there too. Yeah, and they're, well, they're also one on the show, and how he got, they sure won't be speaking, where he was going on. They sure how Gore is talking about the internet, and all that, he's like, well, you know, he thinks something, don't look even in the smart one, and if you look at the internet, address what's the first letter in it? You're going to go, double three, and we'll double double double, so I'm three times smarter than Al Gore. Yeah, oh, man. It was funny, man. It was funny, man. It was funny, it's that. I said, this is probably, you got a little bit of symbolism, right? All you people talking about, you're, you're, you're thinking he's God. These are reading the Bible, and God, oh, he's God known for destroying a lot of lives, right? Right, he's a little bit up to a baby. I'm telling ya, he thinks he's God. He's better, well, you know, he just can flood your ass. I'll tell you, you know, okay, have a great life, pal. I'll pray for ya. It's okay. Better get with the program, baby. Making some verse of calls like that on a radio, they'll recognize your voice that we tap it on you. Do it through your clock this morning and then, but I'm, you know, we'll see him no more. Good color, but, uh, we'll be long for this earth. You don't be knocking the fourth right with the kind of anti-merken verbal you just have days. That's correct. WQAM, hello. To our just so caught up in red. WQAM, hello. Hey, yes sir. Uh, well, if I want to get here where I can speak and private. Okay. All right, you're okay. You're gonna have a get- Hey, thank you, sir. My drug habits better than yours. Is that right? Yeah. Okay, thanks, Raj. Wow. Five, six, seven. I've told you, man, see you were away for a while and then we did a couple of shows and see you in back. But you missed a good stuff, Lately. It's been always been a good thing though. Because a lot of, see a lot along with that stuff from the Caribbean, a lot of the good drugs are coming in too. That's why Columbia is no longer the leader. Now it's Mexico is past and like there are stands still in that white potter. And most of the course is coming flooding across the border with all those illegal aliens that George Bush loves and that the Lou, Lou, uh, dogs is so crazy about. You know, the interesting thing about Lou Dobbs is he's hysterical about illegal aliens and about our source of a good job. And just about everything else that the Bush people are doing. But his two colors show every time like the the British come out, you prove already. Well, a president, don't count him out yet. He just went up a couple of points. He just can't help himself. He's kind of like Miss Drogen, drag. Hey, Matt, you're fairie. Twenty and after one a QM resolve yourself to get a better night's sleep this year in 2006 by calling 1-800-Mactress. Do it right now because nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well being in productivity and a good night's sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight. If you call dial a mattress right now at 1-800-Mactress. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's noticeably sagging or lumpy, you're not going to get a good night's sleep. Guess what? Time for a new one. And when you call dial a mattress, you can choose from the complete line of all the top names in a business. Seely, Simmons, Cirta, King Quarrel, Tempipedic, and Stearns in Foster, Hewitt. Dial a mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle the Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And like always, you still picked the two hour window, the date and whether you want your mattress delivered and they show up 99.7% of the time on time. Like noon to two, one to three, a two to four, whatever. A lot of folks at QMR are satisfied. Dial a mattress customers including yours true. I know you will be too as the guarantee. So start off the year right with the new mattress from dial a mattress. Don't put off getting a better night's sleep any longer. Pick up that phone right now and give them a call at 1-800-Mactress. 1-800-Mactress or log out of their website at mattress.com. Dial a mattress. The only smart, the only easy way to get you a great night's sleep. Call 1-800-MATTRES. As we walk the last elastic is because it stands for sensational stupendus saving. Dial the fence is kneel Roger's Kniss. This is 516 F-WHHHHHP pencil. Are you moving? We'll don't miss the new moving from the summer of six to three. It's the story of two red shells in order called the morning. We'll make up his way and you'll never be quite the same. You'll be troubled. You'll say, let the children drop in. You'll come to the end of the day. We'll go to the end of the world, across all the shame. You'll say, let the children drop in. We'll make up his way and you'll never be quite the same. We'll make up his way and you'll never be quite the same. We'll make up his way and you'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You'll never be quite the same. You've got you for. I was close. I just had my thumb on it. Periscite was accused of spewing vicious lies about an altercation with a romantic rarvel of London nightclub and harassing business promoter in two lawsuits said for court this month. Good. Squeeze every dime out of that bitch. The first suit fits the hotel iris actress. O actress my ass. Against diamond iris actress. Zeta Graf. Who's seeking at least ten million dollars in damages for Hilton's comments. An angeline near her post story. The paper reported the graph once dated Hilton's then-feon say Greek shipping maggot. Paris. What is it? Lasses. Went for a surca at the nightclub. I tried to strangle Hilton on temper the sealer diamond necklace. Graf denies the reporting claims Hilton said, I'm going to destroy you after trying to alter from the club court of the suit. Oh god. Rich people were too much time in her hands. You know, score a little rich kids. I'm going to get your ass. Who cares? God. I would say next to Stern. She's like certainly in the top five as far as publicity hounds are concerned. All that you're going to say is far as big knows is concerned. Oh, she's not in the same category. Well, she doesn't have a big nose. She's got a needle nose kind of like we're supposed to do. It's big and needley. How about her nose? That too. Like read a cause thing. Read a cause thing. That's it. Yeah. Seriously. Well, when you actually could drive yourself crazy. If you turn on the T and occasionally I will just for amusement sick like the cold mind thing, she was right there. She's right there with a son of one of the guys who have been and this is before we thought up that you died, but she's standing there. She's padding him on the back and asking the most idiotic questions. You know, like, what are your thoughts now? Oh, of course he's like, she can't speak. She can't speak. She can't speak. She wrote test. Look, and she looks like the ship just landed and they threw her ass off. And she can't speak. But I'm gonna net you to tremendous journalists. My God, you people MSNBC there are so unbelievably desperate. Now they got a new weekend show they're promoting. Morey and Connie. Okay. Morey, morey public and Connie Chung. Be afraid. Yeah. And the and the promos suggest that they're like they're like taking each other on. You know, kind of like point counterpoint and they got you. I mean, you people that MSNBC, I would say, I suggest if you wanted like, you do something good. Just expand the old baron show countdown to four hours. And take that then Chris Matthews who talks like a retard out of the corner of his mouth. Take him and the mother Tucker Carlson and his Voteye and boring Joe Scarborough. And it just met him the whole deal. And then Abramus who's playing the famous that is Danny was a famous lawyer. And another one who's got a big mouth about everything. And usually there's no what the least talking about. And the same. What we need in the town is another good sports station. I don't know you think. Come on. Let's have 20 more sports stations in South Florida. So I wasn't here for the trend but the rumor has it that 790 is still that. Oh, mostly members that start with. Oh, oh. And the Humper was told me that we're like 25th in the previous trend. And 25th again, there's something to be said for consistency Joel Femberg. Nice going baby. Virtually no measurable audience most of the day. Aren't you proud? As part. They scared Greg Weaver out of the market. I'll send you that. WCWM. Hello. There's a lot of money in that way. Got a pop. Yep. Okay. How many QAM? Hello. Go on Neil. You're the only show I listen to. But I do love my satellite. Not going to lie. Which one you got? Excellent. Really? And I found so many. It sucks just as much of a set of as he does in regular radio. Are you sure? I'm sure. Hey, I listen. Just want to tell you. I'm still really seeing you. But it might pay off man to let them put any station and just find some songs that you'll never hear in regular radio. And I love that. Especially in South Florida. Yeah, yeah. Especially South Florida. Okay. Thanks. Oh. The other thing. People like Virginia shouldn't be so sick. You know, they got the news. They're 12 miners. Oh, we're alive. And one was dead. Just pretend you still got the same news. And that one was dead. Was your family member? That's all. That's all. Oh, man. Nice. I thought that I was a sick heartless bass. It's right. I am. Nevertheless. And he said something you're very important there about that satellite radio thing. Because Howard starts when is the next Monday? And then of course everybody will be done. Everybody's going to take their regular their terrestrial radio and throw in the room. Even it wasn't their car. Even in the A.K. He did it already. And that's right. Now guarantee he won't be on HD digital like us here at Q.A.M.B. We're HD. Can't you tell the way it's done? Oh, my God. It is queer as is queer as a bell. I wonder if that was the bell that Quasi Motor was ringing. We got a shot of 13 and reverse. You know what during the show? We got 1280. What do you think? 1280 is that the GV engine, even the York kind of member of station on 1280. How about 1180? WHA and Rochester. And 1190. WOWON for Wind in D.A. Well, I'm going to tell you, you really missed it boys and girls when radio was reading something else. I keep saying this and it's true. Radio was fabulous. A.M. Radio even. I don't think there was ever a time when FM radio was what you'd call fabulous. At least not in the Noun and South Florida. Oh, no way that I've been. The old Y100. Yeah. That was groundbreaking stuff. Everybody copied it from coast to coast. Right. Well, I was the Casper Potette on here. Cecil Havthel and the Casper, rest in peace. I found this. A.M. Rhymes. Oh, man. Yeah, but he's five news for the last. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. Jets are calling me over. Guess all the rumors went true. Jets can taste the jackass guy. Mixed up stricters to do. Just the car and make our over. And now both of them are free. I'll miss that goofy newlywed storm and TV. Oh, no, we're not a show. I'm sure all of them. We've been locked here, being right now by the Sun. Just the car and make our over. Sometimes that's just how it goes. When you marry someone who thinks When you come from far from home Oh, no, we're far from show. My sister, Chipped-Ain. When his family left to feed Run down by the train. Oh, Sheth, come, he told her And now that they're lovers gone Let's chat more, look back to writing. Oh, my shen, man, it's far. Speaking of the three keys. That's not too many people talking about that Rotech altercation in the tunnel at the end of the 40-3 thrashing. They took in the, uh, chicks afraid bull. Yeah, they got a beating twice. Yeah. That's always really classy. And I want you to like, give blown off the field. 40-3. And then you start gooing it up again in the tunnel after the game. That, you know, if all else fails, if you went, goon it up, baby, goon it up. And that's the thing to be at. Well, yeah, we're going to fire a bunch of coaches and Fire everybody else and Paul D. And uh, don't issue lately and everybody. Because we're pissed off. They lost three games in one season, man. Are we cursed down here boys? And the dolphins, even though they won't Er, when they're last six, they won't have a winning record 9 and seven, don't make the play off again. Are we cursed down here guys? 1290. Means we got 10 more votes to 1300 last time I checked. You think we ought to do that? Okay, do what we want. Yeah, we can do it. The audience can control 901er. They're pouring in by the ones now. Oh, you're, your buddy online nine is back again calling from a probably it's an in town call to his probably the Diling Law of Justice as he wants. The first one is French. Oh, I'm serious. How many people are you? Hello. Jesus, please. Oh, God. Jesus, please. He cut him in a little bit. Please help him out. Please, please. How many QAAM hello? Oh, hey, I've been meeting you all about your, like you were, you were always talking about the sales department. Oh, okay. It's true. He said the ads are so bad. Sometimes I don't know if they're bits or something. I don't know if you've ever heard them. If you've ever heard them, if you've ever heard them, if you've ever heard them, if you've ever heard them, if you've ever heard them, if you've ever heard them, I know, but some of them. That's not what I'm talking about. The sales department doesn't make the ads. The sales department all into this post is Selam. No, I know, but who they sell to this? How many people are crazy like the world? We have the rest of the day. Okay, well, whatever. Okay, there's a ghost in the left of him. They just say, how do I do it? Joel, by the way, say how did Joel find word for me? I guess they figured out the impresses as a female voice or therefore we're going to leave a one that's like trash or it helps you once. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. Always back. WCWM, reader line. WCW, that's the any wannabe. Oh man, Eddie, envy. No, he's forgot all for a while now this guy. He's the any wannabe. I think we probably like, now who was telling me is it you that doesn't like the anything? Was it joking? Oh, that's just, John, John, like it's, he gets all freaked out with it. Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. I think he just ran out of steam. To be able to keep going on forever. I think that's the sound of South Florida crying out for help. Is that a cry for help? A cry for help? Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie. Oh, if anything was and the best writer, it was a voicemail, because he wasn't talking to anybody, he was just leaving a message Stuff the only one that he's locked up just happens to be the best one that he's only. Oh, I haven't you can't be there. You can't tap them down. Okay with a stick. You like trying? Now that could be a good poll question. Who's more coherent? Dick Clark Your president or Eddie? I think it's a good I think it's a toss-up. Helen Keller Terry. Right read a carrot. Jerry's apple and her cube Here, come on me! Donber is much of a line school policy of presenting intelligent design as an alternative evolution was officially relegated to the history books two tonight of this week Oh On a voice vote and with no discussion beforehand the newly elected dover area school board unanimously We send it to the policy two weeks earlier judge ruled the policy on constitutional This is that new school board president pertinent rankings said Tuesday indicated that what was final in the case was closed The did it a different group on a school board a bunch of far-bison had been in control when a policy was approved in October 2004 a bunch of go-am gone while the policy required that a statement be read the dover public school students about and Tell us if the design be before ninth grade biology class. Let's say and that interesting how they keep trying to find all these good More listed people are so much better and the whole year than we are they keep trying to find all these dishonest and backdoor ways Oh excuse me for backdoor. I'm trying to you know sneak all of these things in there anything is justified to get you into heaven Right so they can push over all other views over everybody else ride We're gonna make you an offer you can't that that's what that must be where the mob got that from From the religionist we're gonna make you an offer you can't refuse they are worth the robbers worth it The story that said Darwin's theory is not a fact and has inexplicable gaps it also referred students when intelligent design book of pandas and people A family suit well we know the rest is okay, but at least it's official Most of the previous board members who had defended the policy were ousted in the member election were played not most all of them all of them replaced by candidates who pledge to eliminate the policy and they did in Kansas I would have to say I used to think it was like Louisiana, but after the hurricane would probably out of lay off it in a little bit Or maybe Mississippi, Alabama or even Florida, but definitely the most backwater state is gotta be Kansas, isn't it? Yes, the homo Fred Philips and the homo of the the flaterist crowd In Kansas where state officials have been arguing over the teaching of evolution since 1990 Neon education officials recently approved science standards that treat evolution as a flawed theory and Obviously the people of living Kansas are living proof of that In Georgia the state's school superintendent to do protests in 2004 for proposing a science to work them that replaced the word evolution with changes over time I can be looking to mirror you see all those changes over time. Leave me they're not good. Look. That's it. It grows well Last year a federal judge ordered top County schools who move from biology textbooks stickers that called evolution theory not effect Yeah, they're sticking it They just put a sticker one. Well, we did it's a bunch of crap. We're just just sticking it And that's my message to all those Yahoo's in Kansas and Georgia is a stick it Real Roger stick it and stick it coming at tonight. I didn't sign the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music About the profile story first there was band-aid a bunch of laymas and rich people raising money for charity Well, no bunch of liamies were gonna make a miracle look bad Not when we could up-check something like USA for Africa Bob Dylan was one of the many legendary artists to perform on we are the world He speaks here to a translator Basically nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich cross-dars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat cater food Oh, yeah, the food for USA for Africa was freaking unbelievable Billy Joel would go on to fame as a drug driver was also there They had to shrimp wrapping bacon thing. I don't know what they did to it. Maybe they marinated in something but man Boy can take you we lose agreed. Oh definitely what I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa was the Bavarian minstrel Bruce Springsteen was there as well here he speaks to a translator Basically, we want to show the greatest that buddy come to bring a bunch of jerk off for Just together to raise money for charity USA USA for Africa it was all about getting food to the people who needed and Eventually getting into poor people too. It's a big juicy Sing the fastest we can okay We're popping up the hits is fast. Oh, I ain't doing mittas, so but I actually like that song Right the We are oh no I hate that sounds you do I like to do they know it's Christmas song the British One, that's okay But I like we I see that you're not a sound embarrassing to admit you like that, but we are the world That's really embarrassing to admit either one. I liked the video I enjoyed it the only thing of course it was ridiculous on a face of a lot of us got sucked into it I raised ten thousand dollars for that. I wonder I wonder who ate off of that's in grand That's right at money when the pizza burglar. Oh brother I sure hope he heard that because I know he listens religiously I hope he heard that sort of the famous show about that pizza thief. We're not putting up with that no more just ask Hold a Lionel tape man Don't be late if you've live in the Lionel tape 1310 votes today on the musical box on to Ben. Chris we started to pull about what a week ago Yeah The most overdone news story of the past year is the missing chicken in Ruba and 457 But you know something in spite of all the coverage Yeah, I still don't know what the conclusion ever was is there is a like an ending A little hard food man They fed her in a sharp state. They knew that a long time ago They just didn't want to admit it didn't want to give up and didn't want to say look man You're not you know that are you just guessing that was the integral I heard Oh, you're quite simply having area on the island where they would dump garbage that used to be like a a fish refinery Where they would process fish and dump the guts into the ocean and sharks were in a habit of congregating there Right for the the swirl that they would dump into the ocean They used to run abused you and then they fitted in the sharks and then they dumped her into that area where they you know the sharks eat anything that you dump into that area Oh, right, you know really caused me since so much time down there probably probably the sharks would have spitter ass out Oh, you know, they're they're jaws only get so big. Oh My god talk about the jaws of life Good guy Miss Molly she is she she's probably to me the most anxious person that's ever on television anywhere now I can't think of anybody but even close even pair of siltman seems like a birth of fresh air compared to Rita Cosby I don't dare to take any kind of gross Yeah, now see you're holding that they're rushing against you. Oh, see these are my right against her What a thought that is that make you want to vomit? First missing chicken a robot. Oh, wins a hands down your pants for it in 57. She's gone. She's a shark food Fish food Oh fish food carry on her Q if you haven't been 32 They're run away bride 237 maybe she's a it's not a loving getting a slurping for a boyfriend Now what whatever did happen with that nothing I care I just I'm just one because you always say we need to get the follow up like an minority of the ending closure that she did her community service and she Has it's still undergoing psychological treatment as an outpatient well, that's that's a good idea My at least on an inpatient would be even better Michael Jackson trial 104 Yoldie is hell four lottery LK goes to Iraq 70 hurricane Katrina 26 rose of parsties 22 who did mole The Iraq war 15 Nugansy Pope 12 coal miners 10 You wait about six months. We take the polar game the coal miners and the thing will have like a thousand Oh, by the way, don't hang up out to the show. I got to ask you something Republican scandals eight Supreme Court nomination 70 rack election six hurricane Wilma two eight-year accrued two and a London bombings in the London cube Zero the big oh