Rock solid. And there's that echo again. Here we go again. Jesus. Hey, before I bring in the only, we just clarify one thing about the RTO is doing University and here's what he's doing for 44 days vacation time is salary through May 31st, a peaceful game bonus in the rec and lots of potential income from two jobs he turned down on its southern Cal, on its temple. So, you go art. You go fired. And you sure got to Honies, baby. Don't say that, Don't you leave it, get all been out of shape again. I don't even know who our keyhole is. Well, I was the offensive line coach at the University for 27 years. Who was offensive, you better not say it. Right now, you don't have permission. Randy Molder does not run this station. Absolutely. If he has a problem with the spot time to talk to Ray Perry, you're to run every Spongebob long period with an exclamation point, sign Tommy, with a very angry scroll on the bottom. My scroll on Tommy, kick their ass. Who's up, when did they drop? I don't know Randy Molder, but at least shoot him off a big stupid mouth about to don't run. I have no idea, I'm just reading the memo. I don't know. But Randy, of course, being a poodle. How about those panthers? How amazing they blew a five more lead. They went over time. How about my own team? Yeah, I'm the bus stop. What? My team and, especially on every other Tuesday, was y'all with you this morning? I'm with me? Yeah, well, you're with me. I don't do guests. I don't do boring contours guests. He wasn't boring or ponderous. He was very good. We had the beast. Well, wait a minute. Did you say you had him on? Well, normally he's on every other Tuesday. What happened? I don't know. I felt maybe he showed up with you because he didn't show up here. Well, I wasn't doing a show at eight, 40, five this morning. Oh, well. I was in the shower and my keen was not in there. Thanks, man. That would have been very ugly. I was just shooting up in the shower. If Stephen and Wise were to show it up, and here I wouldn't be sitting here right now, probably. That's another step. Yeah. What are you going to do about it? You're very good. Yeah. But any funny, funny to let come. Yeah, I am always very funny. Especially in this place. What a funny place. What a funny place. I'm telling you. Oh, and then I find out the reason that certain people are on the year today that we have no spots on the log, even though we have a short show, because the show is sold out tomorrow. Does anybody believe that? This is like back in the school and days now, we're regressing. And you tell me the new sales manager is a rocket scientist. Good God. I don't know. Last Friday they dropped. Well, this is for sure. What's the question? Chris Jones and new sales manager? I don't care. Who you are? You fair. Right. I'm a idiot. Good God. We got nothing on it. I've seen it. Welcome to the WFU. I'm going on a business sale. That's why we got the Beast and Robert in charge. No, that's all we can afford. I was talking to my sister yesterday and she told me she had lunch with her old boss who used to run a channel for here in Miami. And now, I'm very still living once in a while. I get a, uh, uh, facts from Ellen Collins. Good. I see him occasionally when I go out of California. It's my biggest fan. He's a great guy. But anyway, this guy's a nice guy too. So I asked my sister, what's he doing now? She said, uh, he's running something non-profit thing. I said, oh, he works here. Yeah, right exactly. And this, this was the claim to fail. The new guy when he came in. Remember all the, it changed all the salespeople. And this is going to be the big, uh, the big trust. Yeah, they're thrust in it. All right. I can't tell you where. Holy moly. Yeah. This is unbelievable. But nevertheless, we don't want to start with the internet scene crap. Although that memo yesterday, that was the worst memo in history of radio. One memo would be Robert. Yeah. And we told Josh Curtis this morning. He couldn't be on because he's not Jewish. What was that memo? And here that one. Get out of here. I thought I read it while you went to, what you were still on. I read it at least three times. I'll read it again if I'm making it happy. Yeah. From the memo from clearance? I didn't hear that one. Oh. Carbon copied a Joe Bell, Ray Beast and the Griefer, 317, 2006. From clearance. I have enlisted Brian London and Robert Griefer. It was, I read this at the end of the thing. You guys were laughing your ass off. It was, I was ripping Robert at the ass nine times. Yeah. I heard that. I waited again. I've enlisted Brian London, the Beast, to both uninitiated out there. And Robert Griefer, to assist me in running the QM programming department, they ask you for something. Please comply. They're communicating decisions I have made in goals that I have for the radio station. Please consider that when they contact you and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally. Yeah. Also, if I cannot be found, there's a pressing issue. If I can't be found, like he's ever around. Please see them for any assistance. Brian and Robert have been with WQM for a long time and are deserving of this. Plus they are a really good friends of mine. We have a good time and a shower together. They're passionate about the station care about its son and success. I'm glad they've agreed to help me with this endeavor. Clarence. I think right now they're driving the dodge sled to stay him from Omaha to Ann Arbor. To Ann Arbor. Hey, Robert. I don't care who you are. You're fairies. That's a panic. This is what's going on with the new regime. We are lost, man. We need, we need, no, we need to get some help. Some assistance. And it's not going to be from the beast either. I'll take it that. We need to get some of your time. Now that's not showing. We're making what it's like. Throw us a life raft. Haven't this business a long time and you can always, it's like being on the Titanic. You know, when you're about halfway down, you can always tell something not good is going on. And that's my feeling now. The Joe Bell regime. The Chris Bell, the Chris Jones regime. What are you going to do about it? Do fairies. Oh, brother. He's got that sales department crackin. Or at least there's smoke in crack anyway. Take time. Yeah. Yeah. Rolling. Rolling. Rolling. How's that two to four are a situation coming? We got a lot of guilty. Way too much of the sweet monster. I'll tell you that. Although I will say this now that the Panthers are making a big playoff run. I expected out of nowhere. All the Panwagon jumpers are going to come out of the woodwork. We loved the Panthers. You'll see it. I'll crack. I saw a little bit of that game last night. I looked at where some people there. They're waiting for me. I don't know. What about what they're looking at? Whatever the last game. Look at a few people. They're 13,000 at the game last night. I'll let it dimming your body. Whatever. Pretty weak. Well, that's because Tampa doesn't have any contingent that would come over. So far. But nice windfall. You're fading. I can really hear you know what? Yeah, you're not hitting me. You're in that place, huh? You were trying to work on your feedback. Well, if you're getting about the feedback, I'd like to at least be able to hear what Hank is saying would be nice. You know, this work on this guy. Our crack engineering department saw that. Yeah, they're cracking it all right. I think most of our engineers have got a crack dome problem. So I'm here. Well, what's he smart enough about? Mr. Mr. Assistant Manishou, some respect. It paid off all these. I have soak it up to climb. I have no title that you have mentality. You have no title. We got the little U.M. fraternity. How come Mike Rosenthall isn't listed on the memo? I'm sure that he's involved. Welcome to WVLN. He can't. We have to change a call. It is. We have to be like V.U.M. Jr. And I do mean Jr. Even they put us to shame. Look at industry joke. We become an amazing overnight. You know that song by Conway Twitty. Is it Conway Twitty? About you don't know what you've gotten till you've known. It was Ralph Donner. I'm sorry. Ralph Donner. You don't know what you've gotten till you lose it. He sounded like Conway Twitty. You know, you ought to get, I'm not telling you what to do on your show. No. Oh, it sounds like Conway Twitty. Yeah. It sounds like. Anyway, what you ought to do is get your guys to get the tape of the conclusion of last night's basketball game where there was a little bit of a dispute over a foul. Yeah. And the Creighton fans were throwing bottles and all kinds of things in the direction of our announcers. Excellent. Highly entertaining. But there's an old expression that sums that up where there's no sense. There's no feeling. I don't think either of them got it, right? Oh. But they sounded nervous. Oh, good. It's just quick by, Creighton, 53, 52 I see. And we're originally, we were hoping they would win because we thought maybe they played a big game tomorrow. But unfortunately, they've played a Marlton. Yeah, I see. That's a play game. Nation. Where, where the hell are they playing? And we've played a game. And we've played a Michigan? Yep. In the NIT? Yeah. Oh, brother. Third round. Reinsmal. How I'm versing when you got to play the NIT. So would you like to see Conway Lisa Rice is the commissioner of the National Football League? How would like to see Conway Lisa on a spit? Being slow roasted. Yeah, with an apple, we could borrow the apple from Joyce and put it in her mouth instead. I think that would look perfect. Her roasting on a spit. We chressed us roasting on an open fire. That's what I'd like to see. Conway Lisa, bitch, sell out. Bubble head. And maybe there could be that mushroom cloud going off of overhead. By the way, that dreamfields posted that I was raven about. I had a guess that it would like some, I made my own meat sauce. I got some ground beef. Oh, man, was that good. And my blood sugar was great. And my weight of blood is four pounds in Friday. No sugar cravings anymore. I just mentioned that to the beast because I know Hank won't pay any attention. My blood sugar is a bit too much. Again, I get on. I just have an answer. That's what I've got rich use to say. First of all, the fact that you had to go to a doctor to get a test. Well, you should be testing it four or five times a day yourself. I know through that stuff. Good. Why not? Because I don't. Well, I don't want to stress you. That's what kind of flowers are we bringing you? Lylocks? Whatever. I can go over to Rochester to spring get you some lylocks. I'll save them for your bucks. Lylocks on your bucks. God. I've never seen my life at. Well, no, I'd take that back. People in denial. Fat Rich used to tell me the same thing as he was reaching for the rules on the next table of the body that I was going to. That's going to the rules. Oh, my sugar is good. The heart of the warrior is shubbling it down. I used to dead. Top. Top. I'm trying, man. This is great. If I can eat my pasta, I don't need that sugar. It gets it for some sort of this stuff. It's so filling. We don't have them on the ears of sponsor. I guess Troy is going after that. So that takes care of that seals that deal. Oh, yeah. They should be on any day now. Yeah. Especially with Chris Jones, the new sales manager in there. This guy's got to help me. He'll be on the first bus back to Charleston, South Carolina, wherever he came from. Where did he come from? We're all in the name of spelled. How's that echo? I don't hear any echo anymore. Do you hear an echo? I don't hear it. You're the one who's ever heard it at all. Thank you. I'm glad you did. Why would I make it out? Thank you, Steph. He's a genius. Yeah. Well, he's the only engineer we got in the building with the IQ, larger than his vision. That's a loop. In fact, I take that back. He's the only engineer we got in the building period. Thank God we got a great engineer here. In fact, last week, I went off to a wood bun in the engineer left the key for my place and our engineer, our partner in crime up here. He's an engineer from the fan radio. He came in and put all the new switches in here while I was gone and everything is just beautiful. Four years and that's the only real maintenance in here, other than the CD player that I swapped out myself. How to send him a bill for engineering work? Well, you had a good day. Yeah, you're fading again. I don't know what's going on here. This is a technical disaster. It's not like you're like a top of a stretch of ghost dream, puffing and puffing. Well, they were commenting. I was watching a racing network the other day. And the commentators were talking about how, how, how, how, how the person is our ghost dream and how they can't figure out why the person is so small and they used to even be worse than they are. Now, they were really taken some shots of ghost dream. I couldn't believe it. Purses are terrible. Well, I'm actually the person that's overdone so you can better than a ghost dream. Delaware has better persons. Because they got the slots. Right. Well, listen, you're fading off. So that means it's time for we're going to get that blood sugar back up there again. I'll, I'm fine. See you tomorrow. Yeah, you too. I'm not trying. Where were you fading through? What's going on here? This is the host again. Let me just crank this up. I think it's going to go really difficult. Oh, brother. But touching around the control room in the area, two forever journey. Please. Put waterえっ, half wheel off. You favorite power happened. A bitch. Help me. What a loser. AlV一点 to poison, Guy. Don't let Rob or Greeps learn. Where we didants, with words, light, neal. Now I don't know. Take my daughter over. I took this arms there, shoot it to the past, kill! Do you sound a little more? That's you, man! Look out for our three birds! If it's a big bird, you have to say, you won't hurt! Watch out for our three birds! To the top of the night, the potholes are safe! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Stay away from our father, three birds! We're safe, you'll be in the same place! Watch out for our three birds! Who's through the coffee, you know? How's the cat say, you're gone? Yeah, that's it. He's almost as embarrassing as Randy Moro, but not quite. Nobody's that bad. 10 13 already at 5, 60, nobody could have him happy at 2, they too, we get a Marlon G. Marlon's in the dog, he's up in Jupiter, man, around this world. Marlon's on deck at 12, 50, we're pretty pure about that. We're pissed off at, yeah, I'm joking. We're pissed off at 10, 30. Hey, hey, we're the trouble, we did in the store. We begin to sad note, Jennifer Aniston passed away. Oh, over the weekend, we have stand out deepest condolences found this greatest of all losses. George's Judy Shiedland, for residing over the top rated any nominated syndicated culture that bears her name. And we have some pretty good jobs. Some calls black, make, oh, hi, oh, hello. Hello, gentlemen. Hi. Such a duty as you ever smoked butt from a hucca. All the time. Yeah. I like it that way. What about you, Larry? Do you partake in the comics? Unfortunately, in this country, we don't always do that. To, uh, eight packs, North Carolina, hello. Hey, boy, tell the nangans. Uh, to the right. That's Judy. I heard that you were seen driving with your grand sun sitting in your lap. Oh, is that true? Maybe that's true. Why would you do that? That's so dangerous. Uh, you, for instance, has a baby. She can do it. Why can't I? What makes her special? I can drive with my kid in the car in the front seat. A little bit right back with you. I just do it. Don't go away. Can't wait. We're not going anywhere. At least 12.50. 10, 18, and five, 60, WQL things are going really well. And I rack. There's the daily appearance again of L. President. They're doing his press conference. Yuckin' it up with Helen Thomas. Now he's other people that are writing about what I'm not seeing he is. Yeah. Like that. Really sad. Zyne Merrick-Aman. In search and storm to jail about dawn today in the Suning Muslim Heartland North of Baghdad, killing at least 17 policemen in a courthouse guard. Authority said all 33 prisoners in Laka for free 10 attackers were killed in the battle. As many as 100 in search and fighters armed with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades, stormed in the judicial compound about 60 miles northeast of Baghdad. After torching the police station, the insurgents detonated as string of roadside bombs as they fled, taking the bodies of many of their dead comrades with them. At least 13 policemen civilians in 15 gunmen wounded me attack. Five other police were wounded in two separate roadside bomb attacks, targeting patrols in northern and southern Baghdad early today. Came a day after 39 people reported killed by insurgents in shadowy sectarian gangs in Iraq. More than a thousand Iraqis have died since the bombing last month of a shiit, uh, Muslim shrine. Police found the bodies really 15 more people including that of a 13 year old girl dumped in and near Baghdad. The discoveries marked the latest mystery of execution style killings that have become an almost daily occurrence. As Sunni and Shiaid extremist settled scores in other words as a civil war continues, as night-throw last night of bomb struck a coffee shop. There was a Baghdad telling at least three civilians and entering 23 others. About the same time gunmen killed two oil engineers, leading work at the Bayi River firing north of Baghdad and electrical engineer and technician were gunned down of the nearby power station, separately the owner of a small grocery and downtown Baghdad was shot and killed. Other than that, oh and also five pilgrims on the way to Kabul, were wounded and drive by shooting earlier in the day and the alley on it. Other than that things are going very swimmingly well. It's hard working. How do you ever read about any of the good news? Well, I can't roll and said there is none. Here's yesterday's poll result, 14 every 97 votes, generally which group of salvavidians bugs you the most. I would say QA and people. I'll be more than happy to give us some names. QA is 425. New Yorkers 200. Red next one, oh six believe you may if anybody questions how it felt when the Titanic was going down were learning it here at QAM. Red next one, oh six, I hate everybody 105. French Canadians 101. Senior Citizens 92, Patience 77. They got a real pounding on the show including from Georgia yesterday. You better watch your answer, Mr. Yeah, yeah. I like everybody 71, African American 66 born again 64. Republicans 51. Jews 43. Oh, I hate this poll 38. Jamaicans 18, man. They know where you find the good stuff and the good machine. Radio Chronix 15. Isn't it the chronic? Gaze 10, Brazilians 8 and Radio sales hold 7. Although free head of chance to vote several times. That last one. Wow, wow, wow, wow. You don't hack him a job Chris. Just like Brownie Brown. You're doing a heck of a job. WQA, I'm an early call. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I just want to know. Why do you hate America? Excellent call. I read Burman right. She got a read fast today because we got that ball game coming up at the 1250. Or is it 1050, I think? Besides, we got a spot we got. We can get all the spots in right now and then be out here by 1050. No problem. I pull the trailer sitting down in Arkansas. There you go. Nice trailer. I wouldn't know. Not on. Oh, it can be over. But we got Robert Creeper in a beast in charge. We're like getting all kinds of crap going on in the background. We're like, first of all, we went up being on a streaming thing there earlier. When George and I are talking off the air, Trash and the building. Trash and management went rightfully. So we're streaming on the internet. I'm. I'm being known to us for about 30 seconds. But third man. Then Hank sounded when I was doing the crossover. And it sounded like he was fading off into another. Whoo. Like his. Didn't he? Yes. Well, that's in a control room. Somebody is patchking around in there. Somebody is doing an American program. Well, I think Robert and the beast ought to go in here and beat the crap out whoever it is. All the probably it's one of them. Probably it's Robert. Sounds like 10. Now that he's got his new a title, whatever it is, the queen for a day. Uh, you know, now he's in there playing sabotagey. Guess what Robert? We're going to do a lot. Yeah. Guess what? I don't care. Who you are. Eric Burman on the nation rights operation overhyped. Last Thursday the Pentagon launched operations swarmer described as the largest aerosol in Iraq since March 2003. Did that tell you that we'd nothing happened? Yep. I was at a conference on a record the Center for American progress as Eric Burman and saw the news flashing repeatedly on CNN. MSNBC in Fox the timing a few days before the war stirred anniversary and a midst of tour of negative opinion pulling for Bush seemed highly suspicious. Well, this operation likes so much about the administration as told us about the war turned out to be a lie. According to reporters on the ground from time magazine, there were no air strikes and no leading insurgents were added in operation at some skeptical military analysts described as a little more than a photo op. What's more, there were no shots fired at all. The units had met no resistance, said the US and Iraqi commanders. Moreover, high ever, former AP correspondent Christopher Albertan Rice that the targeted area in Northist summer has been swept contained passivite cleared five or six times since 2004. Operation swarm was designed to show up in the Iraqi army although there was no enemy for them to fight. There were as many troops 1500 as residents in the distal area, no under all Britain termed the mission. Operation overblown. It's reassuring to know where 300 billion dollars are going. After enough threats in Iraq that we don't need to fight non-existent ones. Well, how come you hit a murder, Harry? You do bastard, huh? See there you go. What do you think about that? Okay, here's the, oh that's right, they already ate the hoes this morning. So that's why they're gripping and making the quick, you know, the dash is down the hall. Well, I tell you, I made that I got myself from ground beef yesterday. I found it just a little bit of ground, not in any enormous amounts, okay? Because one thing I'm finding about this beamfield pasta and believe me, it's not a sponsor and I'm sure never will be. Troy. But it doesn't take all that much, a couple of ounces, which you're, my problem when I make pasta, because I like it so much. I always make too much and then I eat the other one. I mean, couple of ounces is a lot there, that's a giant bag. A giant bag? Oh, what were you talking about? Oh, I see. Well, I wasn't smoking that I was eating it, okay, brownie. Anyway, uh, some of that meat sauce with the little curve sauce, what I was the best with a lot of Parmesan cheese. This is a Mr. Eagle would say Parmesan with a pepper corn. Wow. And it was great. 919 votes on today's poll already. We got a shot of a thousand, even though we're getting out of here early. That's a real feather in our cat crab. 925, like I said, crab. Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? Faith, 176, oh, how sad that is. How pathetic. Yeah, intolerance, 160, that was my vote. stupidity 141, that was my vote. Crutch 117, tax rebig business 108, all these choices are good. Superstition 103, focus, focus 60. Let's have a hoax, focus group. Travelers, who's got about 30. But 30 men. Salvation 16 and murder 14. How come murders in last place? I want to get more people to kill the name of religion. It's even this recently. Oh, no, you forgot about all those atheists that killed their lives. All that's right. All that's right. All that's right. All that's right. All those guys, all those go in. They killed everybody for being religious. Right, because they wouldn't turn or convert to being atheists. Right. 20 say, and then mad little hair, look what happened to her. Let's see her no more. And that retard son of hers too. God said it one thing. You never see him. You never saw either. Wow. Well, I had him as you know, back in the day when he's to do those ponders, guests had him on his show, not only on the phone, but in the studio. And once in a while, she'd bring him, he would tag along. You know, with mommy. Oh, brother. Not missing him too much. Although she was great man. The Roman Catholic church. She would just ripen them and ask she was a valsy. She had a big pair. She had the cohones Donna, Donna Schleiley, who herself has probably got a big pair, but as my buddy, no about it. No one, no anybody, nobody her in January, no. When surprised me, if they left in that red pickup truck in the middle of the night, one night. Just like Tom don't like his slice at one night, the middle of the night. Never to be seen again. Hey, speaking of hoppin, your vehicle, beat four is gone nuts. It's me. Oh, oh. I have each house. I have five, six, oh. W-Q-A. Set doors. Wasn't right. Turning his back on the signal that time. The push and loss to the left and right again. All the blotters and the took and sang. Better not talk about a rat. I've got a bad feeling called a roll with a tack. I'm a face and forward to a face of an rat. I'll be set for the left winter, though. I top-secreted to no or hand and get more. Never remind me, trace and listen to. The wind is our chance to help the grass. Get all the names up to one protest and take star music where they made that. And you just go with a left winter, so. You know where left winter's go, don't you? Down below, man. Down below. That's where we all go. Down below as opposed to up above. Up there, you know. In a sky. I'll applaud. Speaking of religion, I got a good article. I'm just a printout right now. Aren't you excited? I am. By Dave's wife, I've capital times Madison was constant, though. Lessie says, they headline of it, the title is, religious, the nightishism out of control. Absolutely correct. I'm curious you, and I haven't read it yet, so that's really ballsy. But I figured it fits right in with our rule today. We need to read. We need to read. In case you're not still sure how destructive the push and administration has become of this country, you need to read Michael Specter's piece, Namar 13th, the show of the New Yorker magazine. It's enough to give you the willies. You ever have the willies? I had the what willies, what? Specter documents how the Bush people are stacked the FDA with Fanatics regularly trumped science to advance the wrong religious beliefs. It reads like a modern day Galileo being persecuted by the Catholic Church, because he maintained that the earth was round. Although Specter strives several examples of religious beliefs, toward scientific advances by key appointees to the FDA, and other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson's old department, she said, one of the most egregious has been to block a vaccine designed toward cervical cancer. Two of the country's biggest pharmaceutical companies, Merkin, Blacks, Osmith, client have developed and proven the safety of vaccine that prevents a common sexually transmitted disease called Human Tableau Maverus, HPV. Scrapes of HPV are not a cause cervical cancer, early adulthood. The vaccine needs to be administered to girls before they become vaccinated, which is the average age 17. George. Is there a rise to the repetitive religious base of the Republican party of the George Bush and company of installed and crucial post in the health department that face and George's W. have set vastly adhere to the proposition of kids need to practice abstinence and their eyes anything from promoting use of condoms to giving young girls vaccination against sexually transmitted diseases only encourages promiscuity among young people. These people refused to believe results of the numerous scientific studies that the availability of condoms for instance has absolutely no impact on the rate of teen sex or that young people who pledge groups stay in actually engaged in sex as often as those who don't take a pledge. Their religion maintains that the P. Merital sex is a sin period, which is fine except that Bush has created a situation where those over-zealous religious beliefs instead of scientific fact determine national policy. Since W became president, the U.S. has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on abstinence programs, it's cut almost that much in aid to groups that support abortion and the use of condoms is a primary percent of the birth control spectrum points out. But who would believe that they're actually block approval of a vaccine that can prevent cancer? The role that religion is playing in an important health as students is called several career FDA doctors and staff to quit their jobs and discuss. It isn't just an inane insane war, it's the anti-environment policies, the unjust-times policies, the cease-list crashing the civil liberties and the subjectification of cell and medical science for religious health and health. It's a country that's turned down in America that was based on fairness and truth. Can we really survive nearly three more years of this destruction? He asks, what do you think? No. It's not to worry about the short-term attitudes. Right, there you go. Attitudes. Short-term attitudes and all his platitudes, really good. He's the best. Five, six, seven, come on. We don't have a lot of time for calls. Let's get with it. Okay, let's hear about those panthers. Can't answer it over time after Blonemph five one week last night. Let's hear about Red Deer Randy Mover, what a jackass he is. Hope you're listening Randy, you win idiot. And don't be knocking any spots off the log or Tom is going to come right there and kick your ass. Or I will pay somebody to do it. I don't think Tom could even kick his own ass. That's how it does already. There's a rock bear. He has to fight all the time. These are rockies. He's got tattoos. He's got rock band. How do you like that? He had to probably catch a mean piece too. There you go. Come there and kick your ass right down the balcony from the the anti-center. Five, six, seven. Look at these phones. Maybe that is a Dorney. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the Verizon, singular wireless lines. What we haven't seen this in months. In months started a week ago. What yesterday? And now it's like just a carryover. Okay, once that delay catches up for about next five minutes. You'll see. Then they're going to really get into it. Aren't they? Yeah, we'll see something. You'll see it. Iraqi diplomat Kate is on his right. Iraq rap. Iraqi diplomat gave US pre-war WMD details. A sob office they showed this crime TV yesterday. It made me in my blood boil. It made me really pissed off and fired up. In the period before the Iraq war, the CIA and the Bush administration erroneously believe that Saddam Hussein was hiding major programs for weapons and mass destruction. Now NBC News has learned that for a short time the CIA had contact with a secret source at the highest levels within Saddam government who gave them information far more accurate than what they believed. It's a spy story that's never been told before and raises new questions about pre-war intelligence. The guy was not he's sobrior, he's a rags for a minister under Saddam. The bottom line is he was on the payroll of the CIA. And he told him they didn't have not and he told him all the inside open. Oh no, we got better retellants than you got. What would you work could you possibly know for 100 grand? WQAM, hello. The air patriots send Bush to back that. Okay. I'll pay for their lunch. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Aye. Aye, I understand what you mean about Bush. If you ever notice, they haven't spoken about those 23 silent vampires that escaped from that prison, or whatever. Yeah. And you told him about not everything else. Nobody knows. Of course, it was a big secret. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Whatever he just said. I have no idea. Which is big secret. The truth is possible. Okay. That's what we're getting the answer. It's soon as possible. Thank you. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. That was a gackie who feared for his life at the game last night. Sounded like Joe doing a voice. And a better one than usual. WQAM, hello. Thank you. Yes, are you? Good. Hey, the two to four spot. How about that? Galby and I are a wonderman. What an ugly great. Every day. Yeah. Okay. Listen. What do you do across the street? You want to pay a roll over there? Yeah. That's probably. That sounded like Alan. What's his name? Joel Findbridge's boyfriend. Now who sounded like? One of them. Okay. Five six seven. That's what they like. They're probably. Listen. I'm going to be in the laughing stock at a marketplace of this current way. Gene. You go continues. You tell what everybody's got. Very few anime models. Now you got a little competitive thing. How do you say about suggesting to all the world. Just い get ready there. Right. Thank you. going preview by some kids that sit around uh... i can't even save the word anymore and with circle off see if the of the of the order said that the yeah i don't order man you're out of order this all court is on order how do you like that i don't care who you are just for you tell them w w q a m hello w q a m hello hello yes sir i don't understand why they don't ask demand is to do the sick they already have you don't want he don't want you don't want i'm not asking if you're getting paid a fortune to do like two and a half hours today like for example they he's on four to six thirty because we got the pen or whatever whatever it hold is they got some crap you caught them well i don't understand why lans and dodges from Jupiter one or five night dog after the buggy we might have to do a long show today but he's got a he's got a posh deal i mean if they're if you're paying you a big bucks my like tomorrow he's doing four to six thirty because another panther game gets washing them the crap itals two and a half hours getting paid big bucks so you're going to do four hours today absolutely not so they made their own bed another they're not only lying and if they're drowning in it like a water bed we got who he came hotline tonight seven sibrile ratings booster from birdie coes our steak house where the josh will be getting a free meal you go on no no you could have gotten a mom maybe wouldn't have gotten a female because i'm sure that if you would have been there and then on a clock you got the beasted birdie coesars that's our system program director not to be standing more our system pd and it he cares and clock that's our pristine uh... and that would make sense mad dog two to six that's what i beg that pleaded but they not gonna do that don't do it mad dog that's my best advice you don't do it's on the screw off first of all if you put us through a contract we knew all time there uh... whenever it held i was all brother who could ever believe that stuff was it lucky you were going to send was in it seem like only yesterday with joys and uh... carolina be easily and all those other go in over there all when you got a sign there said you can't be disrespectful to the management and can't be disrespectful to the that was one of that ever gonna get suspended maybe even fired for in subordination which i could just make up whatever that is you know for you all that's in subordination you're fired in it you know and we could be disrespectful to the sports teams or the coaches or the jacks of the guys uh... you know they're going to sop into the locker room all that stuff the body wash their or god speaking of body work that's a good question jacks what do you think jacks now you're going to marlin's locker room when you were doing those games oh yeah all the time i'd love to go in the show and show it is so well i think yeah that's why i'm asking i'm wondering do the you now which professional sports teams are using body wash and which are still dropping the this is me who runs this is five sixty two my god you're breath are beautiful this is really really good for not Jessica i heard that you were scheduled to meet president bush but uh... you didn't want to that room now oh no it's not true or or no you didn't want to meet him i don't know okay i'm happy put once for no i didn't want to meet him or twice for no that's not true we don't confuse okay well your manager told me that you didn't want to meet with the president because he's done or than you is that right this is so confusing oh wait um all right Jessica who's done or than you her the problem is i'm sorry i didn't specify what human is done or than you so that you're not sick this is hard okay thanks a lot to the interview Jessica watch out for the camera nine hundred eighty votes we're going to make it to a thousand and even by a ten clock my eleven clock excited about that or what i should remember Robert Reich Reich yes it was a secretary labor under bubble yes free and uh... professor of public policy at the wurchyden wrote a golden school of public policy at the university of California Berkeley although i don't know much of jews to me anyway he writes uh... just just a headline on this uh... got my attention bushes scontails hotels scontails and also made very constructive suggestions about uh... in contrast to a president's hotels that sweepers part of the can too congressional victories scontails have the reverse effect bushes scontails consist of abuses of power corruption and incompetence now so widely recognized that according to recent polls those who strongly disapproval of the administration now equal those who merely approve because turn out and then midterm election depends largely on intensity of bushes mal-operative tales would seem to build well for democrats need to win six or more seats in the senate and fifteen in the house in order to take back on risk but there is an asymmetry of consequence between republican democratic scontails even before wk and the washman republican voters had low expectations of government presumably then the fiasco's of katerina iraq the social security drug benefit the bush fiscal policy vote buying in sweet hard deals with corporations flying on americans abugar red and the do buy portale list only a few of the misadventures last five years and three months and not especially shock republicans they've confirmed established republican dogma the government can't do anything well and is not to be trusted democratic voters aspirations for government are higher although democrats have ensured bush's goals the overall ineptitude and self-reeling as martisever's may have caused democratic voters to become more disillusioned about the capacities of government in general thereby jeopardizing democratic aspirants for congress as much as republican incumbents recent polls from the pure research center seem to confirm this the public's negative feelings toward congress are high and strikingly nonpartisan unfavorable ratings of both parties are at their highest level since 92 and the view of congress as an institution has had its lowest flood over a decade 47% view it unfavorably only 44% favorably this marks a major change from is recently is January 2001 when sixty four percent of the public expressed the favorable view of congress anti-anconvencements were running our running unusually high this year regardless of party in affiliation 49% of registered voters say most members should not be returned to office up from 38% October 2002 36% of it depends say they don't want the incumbent on their district reelected that's his high level as it was not October 94 just before congress looked to republican control but this world of and also run signed democratic ranks even within traditionally democratic districts fully 31% of democrats believe their representative should not be reelected compared to nearly 20% previous midterms only 18% of republican voters say their representatives should not be reelected more generally the public is turned even more deeply cynical about government that it was at the start of the Bush administration accepting the months immediately following 9-11 confidence in Washington to do what's right just about always are most of the time as plunged since worst of over the White House only 34% the electorate now takes his positive view while 65% say they never only sometimes trust government to do what's right by way of contrast in 64-76% of the public trust government to do this about always are most of the time right about 22% never only sometimes did cynicism about government is the single most important attribute of conservative republicanism hopefully this about governments compassioned to improve the lives of americans has been the defining theme of democrats is rose about that's the Bush administration that the Bush administration has succeeded so dramatically and deepening the pool of cynicism will stand as its greatest confirmation of the republican cause and its more police lethal assault on democrats Ronald Reagan told america that government was the problem but ironically his presidency enhanced the stature of his office in a government righ in their bi-reverse cynical trend that began with Vietnam and Watergate by 88 the public was notably less cynical about government than had been a baby making a significant setback for conservative republicanism George W. Bush hasn't made the same mistake he has the meaned his office reduced the capacity of government to govern under mine public trust his scum tails may reach some republican incumbents next November but the danger is there stands maybe strong enough to extend much farther and for many years to come there is stench oh i love it you know Robert good man Robert right it's not not to be not to be called right let's beg you say that these days right right right out of way a giant court is already knows this and that is if you are you and groupy and you were jewish you already be part of the uh we'd have a quad actor man i'm looking to convert you'd be partly ruling uh clinton it is just in less couple days taken over a bloodless coup would q a m while the other people were sleeping and running around his court gestures yeah yeah like that you know nine hundred ninety six votes on the poll i told you by eleven o'clock we got a thousand we got a lift i think we can look at in fact we got a thousand four right now just be fresh to again god how refreshing thousand four votes are raised i'd even love it a clock yet which of these comes to mind first when you think about religion faith one eighty eight uh huh in tolerance one seventy six stupidity one fifty kind of like especially and must not our crash one twenty five tax-free big business one twenty one superstition one sixteen focus focus sixty five travel as to thirty one salvation seventeen word or fifteen we might put fear of death because cartridges uh that includes that but let's put fear of death sure see animals don't have religions that we know that we know that right maybe they do maybe and maybe your cat's got religion that that dog religion uh now cats i'm thinking more like it and that's why they act so spooky all the time or speaker why the public is so cynical about congress the house of representatives is on practice you to be in session for a few or days in congress uh then the congress here in Truman label is do nothing during his forty eight relation campaign members of congress are taking an entire week off for saying patty's day which of course was last Friday it's the latest scheduling innovation to give members more time to meet with constituents through Friday the house was in session for nineteen days compared with thirty three for the senate that's this year if they stick to the current schedule to introduce often a pro we can may enjoy life of solivogas kind of like my schedule house members will spend ninety seven days in Washington this year even i work more even a mad dog works more than that ninety seven days the house was in session a hundred eight days in forty eight according to the chambers archives compared with one forty one last year this is an election year and people want to see more of their constituents at hospitality of the jahn vanaughohaio bainer bainer but the first two months of the year house members logged in total of forty seven hours in the capital it's a columnist the entire month of january while the second firm samolido to the supreme court and they started singing in the dutch line to borrow us for both chambers work weeks have become short and recent years rule call those are seldom scheduled for money or Fridays in the house they're often postponed to late Tuesday as a result of the typical schedule committee meetings sometimes may want to be in session but not often when in Washington lawmakers do a lot of multitasking last week's energy issue committee chairman arlan bush inspector of Pennsylvania struggle to read the immigration bill for the full senate as panel members rifted in out of the room they were directly afforded on the budget and other meetings critics can ten congress needs time to discuss important issues the two data Thursday work schedule is a detriment said representative dan long-run republican california who served five firms in the house during the eighties in the retired last year and was returned last year to say so next was thinking at this what it says absentee congress isn't bad i don't think there's anything wrong with them being out of washman said john samples of the catering student a think tank that papers on the government they might be better representatives yeah another state of the way that he was much damage like this one here you know i wanted to know you can not man you have a new service everything is a big york up with these guys just like when when her mind doing rumsfield with his pre-conference is our stock about the nazis and all over the crap and they're all you have to know everything's a big joke people are dying like crazy got more blood on their hands like a like an ocean of blood and everything's a big joke and what do we get an all been out of shape of a thousand eighteen votes already man work kick in big fat smelly ass how's that new sales manager coming by the way how's he coming to wear w q a and on the trip back to North Carolina q a m how you doing now great once you're a power about religion our mind control okay how about brainwashing isn't that better brainwashing absolutely the same thank you that's okay thanks a lot pali thank you you he's invested okay brainwashing that he even just said he's going to be down there he won't be up there down there with their liberals going there with us with all the liberals man going to be all down there having a big old liberal uh-whoo go to hell right we're going we're on our way not to my knowledge no do you know q a and hello q a m oh this was gonna be our best call today I got good smelly that's sensed that Robert Wish was talking about not there skirt's you do you know q a and this were pretty little on one w q a and hello choice don't forget to pipe oh yeah yeah we'd like to take the pipe to joy saw right but not the kind he's talking about the lead pipe maybe just a pipe on a bomba w q a and hello hey man how are you okay so I wanted enough okay w q a and hello you know it's hard out here for what's going two w q a and line nine this will be any line eight or no more what just happened there I hit it's psych okay and our last call w q a m hey Neil I just want to let the audience know how to if they go to w w w v new dot net they can download the whole south part of the so it's on there on the operation clan bait website you mean time uh-and the closet you can download the entire thing there and it's uh-with that map stone and tape archers bluffing so so let's go okay thanks a lot paly and good news of course so we are here rumors that it's going to be on the get a mart night and then Josh keeps telling us the new season of uh-so parks for tonight this is true so well so you'll have to tune in and find out who's got the uh-and it's okay I will say comedy centrioles site um they put up you're able to watch a clip from it yeah just when uh-arko uh-and John we tried to get a lot of closet excuse me but I do believe that's that's it yeah well too bad five six seven oh five sixty oh look at that all of a sudden I was just I had all my pile I got to get my pile baby I got to get my piles going don't you don't you feel like you're compelled to get your piles going if you keep eating that how I stuff they were already got to go and wow it's going strong w q a m pile line hello not there q a m hello hey really try to put the coffee down coffee for closets and how about you okay w q a m hello uh-and both kinds w q a m hello yes um I was checking my receipt and could you tell Tom jica that he overcharged me to the cell of bar thank you oh by the way student at Tom jica he's going to be on I'm uh- Friday night for any k after the panther ranger game boy I'm sure that a lot of our people be calling Tom hey nice job on the O30th anniversary Tom not nice job coming to local radio and TV scene not Tom but they won't do that they'll just call up and talk about sports and super crappy you know that they're called kisses ass oh Tom you're uh-right on top of things Tom you're so right yeah because that that's the way Toucho Colors generally are set hours of course hours like right is that annoying but they're okay like that well not I rather have annoying than ask kisses I can't stand but kissing called oh Larry you're so wonderful Larry what's a question what's a year wonderful let's a question god tithy six at five sixty wm or less than two hours away from marlins baseball wow well we sure miss Jo Angel I'll tell you that you know in looking up a lot of those old polls to bring back uh for a second time so we did a poll one day back in the day when Jo Angel and Dave O'Brien were doing the marlin games and Jo Angel just kicked his ass like about four to one out of about a thousand votes he'd be just pummeled Dave O'Brien even close so I guess that the marlins didn't like Jo Angel because he was too good you know being outdoors a lot in south photo you really need comfortable shoes so the only place to go is brandy shoes in poppin obić brandy's carries all the major brands like floor shine echo ma fisto rockport hush poppy's new balance tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women they even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too if you've got funky feet brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all south photo and when you see the selection value of get uh you get a brandy as you'll see why I've been telling you about them for years and you'll see why this copy is so good go see our good friend Arnie who gets it right putting uh shoes for your feet brandy isn't like an apartment store where you have to wait a long time to get service and then they tell you I guess what we don't have those shoes near your size anyway the only thing they do with brandy shoes is the shoes so never have to worry about size selection or service brandy shoes you'll find a bit 12 night north elanic north federal highway in poppin obić between Atlantic and Coppans Road on the east side that's 12 night in north federal you can't open Monday 2 Saturday to line every Sunday till 5 and this week is a great time to buy men shoes at brandy's if you're size 14 and over if you've got big padipose kind of feet take 10 bus off on all men's brands and check out our men's and women's hush puppies on sale at 20% off this week too so be sure to get your button to brandy's this week or shop for shoes on their website at brandy's shoes dot com this is the new ninja show no oh She made her a lot of her legs before him. And the dollar jeans were dressed. She's still like wine and tuba time. And that a big color is better. That's so amazing. She's pretty young. She's pretty young. She's pretty young. Time to... I'm so happy. And if you saw her face, it would grow up in your mouth. She's pretty young. Can we come to home? She'll try to get a sick, radical. So the fly can't get free. Oh, that was bad. That was a nasty, cheap shot at Poor Janet. Wasn't it? Oh, that was hard. Oh, I speak at a candy cowly. It's 11 o'clock in the final 60, W.M. We got Harlan's baseball coming up in 1250. Less than that. Less than three hours away, right? Right. What's a big deal with that? Less than two hours away. My math is really pretty good. Less than two hours away. Three sounds like an awful long time in it. Yeah, two hours. The sun is shining. It looks really nice. Looks like a good day. It would bind a day for me. In fact, when at... What we just played, where he's talking about... She spells of wine and I'm thinking, hangs out of woodbine. We'll be next to a line. If never less. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Tom Cruise versus South Park in case you've been asleep. Does the Y everybody's talking about that episode? Which, uh, I think a lot of people don't even watch South Park. Want to see that episode. No one's saying? They ought to. Parker and Stone, the millionaire war for Earth is just begun. Three Parker and Matt Stone. They are a... They're a panda. They're a best. They ought to be able to be absolutely... Absolutely best. After Tom Cruise threatened to boycott the promotion for his upcoming Paramount Pictures film unless a sister cable TV never... Hey, Tom, sister. How's it going, baby? Tom and... I don't care. Who you are? You're fair. Unless a sister cable TV never pulled a South Park. We run land-pun in the church of Scientology. The technology industry sources set on Friday. See the Lord is punishing me already. Mm-hmm. I can't speak. Representatives for Paramount and Cruise, a prominent Scientologist, denied he made any search threats or anything. Do with the Comedy Central never canceling transfer to the air of repeat of the South Park Infosotidal trapped in the closet last Wednesday. Trapped in the closet. Tom and John for bolder are trapped in the closet. You're fairery. And they will come out. Trade Park where Matt Stone created a secret to the animated cartoon hit issued a quirky statement filled with references to Scientology. And the science fiction writings of church founder Elron Hubbub, suggesting Scientology was behind the scheduling change. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Is it? It is. I'm a fan of the law. So Scientology of one this battle, but the millionaire war for earth has just begun the pair road. temporarily, oh, there's that word again, anisonizing our episode. Well, not stop us from keeping feet and forever trapped in your pitiful man bodies, curses and draught. You have a stroke on us for now, but your feet have been to say humanity will fail. Hail Zeno. Hail Zeno. Oh, I got to be careful, which means drop in Zyply. I'm saying, there's all right. I know you, I know you, but my favorite of course. Excuse me, but I do really best. That's always a fun. I've got to find a double-do right music. Instead of the time cruise episode, the network aired reruns of two sound park episodes, speaking to the featuring character of chef, voice by veteran soul singer Isaac Cays, also a Scientologist, who quit the show earlier this week. Of course, that depends if you believe that the article we had yesterday is getting quit because he's like a vegetable. Comedy Central, which like Paramount is owned by a Viacon, impotent common on the reruns which other than to say, in light of events earlier this week. We wanted to give chef an appropriate fit of hiring two episodes he's most known for. Two in this music, versus it. Can't really do right? Hey, Dudley. Guess what? I don't care. Who you are? You're fair. Two in this research is to make you with a situation told Rortis Comedy Central, pull the trap into cosmet episode from a South Park rerun after cruise threatened to seize promotion of his upcoming Paramount film, mission impossible to ture. And of course, folksman Paul Blots said neither the actor nor his representatives had anything to do with the scheduling of South Park reruns, and that cruise had never said anyone he'd be future for mode is film. Paramount's folksman Janet Hildon at A-nell just such a threat. South Park heading into which 10 season next week is one of comedy Central's biggest hits, centers on the Atlantic's a four-file Mount fourth graders in small Colorado town. Outlandish religious status has been a main state of the show since debut 1997, poking fun at Catlars' Jews, Mormons, Buddhists and Muslims, one early episode featured a martial arts duel between Jesus and Santa Clause over the Trimini of Christmas. While he said that the show's ridicule of religion generally is as reason for leaving the series, so instead this in a statement on Monday the soul singer was specifically upset about the trapped in the closet episode which first aired last fall. In it, the character named Stan's course so high in a sound-tooled Scientology test that church followers thinks he's the next L-Ron Hubbub. Cruises depicted locking himself in Stan's closet and refusing repeated requests by various characters to come out of the closet including John Tribolta who eventually hits your hands, proves in the closet. And rightfully so, hey John, you're fairy. What a joke. That, in fact, next to the priesthood I think that is the world's biggest closet of Scientology which of course I didn't you tell me that that what's an increased reality that cow, yes. Well, for the key who have a tune. Yeah, I sure want to go on a diet based on that pitch. There are two of the showings that have the craft found. Oh, good. Excuse me but I do believe that's not a thing. Amen. You know what these breaks we got this out we can probably do them all right now. John, we could. But, Tavia, oh hi. You see about this lunatic you saw the thing on CNN this morning. Which one, what thing? I'm not just Charles Martin guy to kill the neighbor, kill the kid. Oh, yeah. Charles Martin, a real grissel old fart. The Tavia, oh, I think I'm not the Tavia in New York. A man who neighbor say was devoted was meticulously kept lawn with charge with murder when the shooting of a 15 year old boy who apparently walked across his yard. Anybody that keeps their lawn too meticulously trimmed you know that's a crazy person. That's right. Be afraid. Right. If that's the best thing they got to worry about then they got something up there sleeve. Probably you're gone. John. Charles Martin called 911 on Sunday of noon saying calmly. I just killed the kid. Police released a calls conference. And Martin also told the dispatcher I've been harassed by him and his parents for five years. They just blew it up. Larry Murgrae, Mugrae. You've heard a road rage? No. This is a mug rage. Larry Mugrae, who's family lit next door, was shot in the chest with a shotgun. The high school freshman was pronounced dead at a hospital. Martin 66 allegedly told police he had several times had problems with neighbors walking on his lawn. He remained jail without fond yesterday. He had no attorney-relisted for him. Neighbors said Martin lived alone quietly. Oh yeah, there you go. That's one of the worst signs. Often sitting in front of his one-story home with its neat lawn, well-trimed shrubbery and flagpole. When he was a Navy flies flying, there's the definitive sign. John Richie 46 said Mugrae was known as a good kid. In fact, the only thing worst in most kind of flies is living with him. You're somebody's got like one of those banners flying and says he is risen. Oh my god. Look out for that. Your way in Richie 46 said Mugrae was known as a good kid. She said he always considered Martin to be friendly. Union township is near Batavia, about 20 miles east of Cincinnati. Oh, Cincinnati. Oh, brother Abash and a bright-wing lunatic. Wow. Put a little bit like that. Speaking of that, WQAM. Hello. He says Mugrae was known as a good kid. Who am? Hey. Yes sir. Who's his George? Yeah. North. How are you doing? I'm part of the hot dog. Who's his? Is George? No. Yes. What do you mean? I'm calling you. I'm calling about that. Cut the news for our Latino. I want to know what movie that's for. I'm sorry. But I don't care who you are. You found him. Henry Glen Rossman. What is it? Glenn Gary Glen. They're very, very good. Right. Or they're a movie that absolutely sucks. You can't take that like that. They'll take any off. Is that what it is? Yeah. So you never know. Probably he's a Johnny Depp. Poutine, which one? Some Carly goes way as that is Johnny Depp and that one. No, no. You're thinking of Donnie Brad. Donnie Brad. No, no. I'm not thinking I know Donnie Brad's going. Oh, uh, Carly goes way. Who's in that with Poutine? Is it Demero? Carly. Just awful. Just horrible Sean Perry. I think of it there. Oh, like I said. I like Sean Penny. He's been that as a person. But as a nice. Alongs him to 10, 65 volts. Holy moly rat man. What's going on here? Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? Faith to owe to well, uh, faith. Faith Hill? Faith Hill. Okay. What? Faith and Bubba might see his man. These people intolerance 1803. That's obviously the correct answer. Stupidly 150. A lot of these are the correct answer, but certainly not faith. Crutch 132. A crutch. Taxi big business 127. Superstition 121. Like that. Hocus, focus 65. Hocus, focus gives me the hebie G.B. And Pat Cone to show all he made a hebie G.B. Especially when I see all those orthodox those getchies. Chabalas to 32. Salvation 18. Oh, Hallelujah. We're all going to the big place in the sky. Murder 1516. Brainwashing 7 and fear of death for that little move up. Fear of death. Like Maddole no heres to say without a hell. But religion wouldn't be worth a damn. And look what happened to her now. Oh, she's gone to pieces over it. FBI bosses ignored warnings. There's so many of these stories. You know, so many people ought to be like on death row. Some of these are officials incompetent. A manyapolis FBI is in testify. The incident that he warned in dozens of communications in August 2001. That a jailed fight students, the carousst Musawi, who's named now they got a new way to pronounce it. Which I can't even say it. Is that a riot? No. There's some other way. All right. Was planning a hijacking and blame criminal negligence by Washington vosses for blunting a chance to stop those 9 level attacks. Well, maybe they didn't want to stop it. Huh? Is it carousst? No. I said a third way. It's a exacter raster is a carousst. But I came up with a third way. Carly goes way. Special agent Harry Samut, damn it. Under cross examination as Musawi's death penalty. Travezum after week long. We says acknowledged that French intelligence advised the FBI. FBI. Trob days before the attacks that Musawi was very dangerous. He was the musi man. A partially declassified French cable of August 30th. About 31 man. 21 also said he even indoctrinated by Musmo extremist and had been in Afghanistan. But despite those red flags Samut said it would be quest for a special national security war for search Musawi's belongings was like earlier ones. Shot down. My headquarter supervisor Michael Maltby in his boss David Fraska. He said Maltby had voiced concerns in an inadequately documented war request would hurt his career. Ready for that? 3000 people had a die because this jackass, this a-hole, this is ice-hole thought that the, you know, if he didn't do exactly right to the letter to law it would hurt his career. Hmm. How do you like that? I don't. Sounds like another brownie brown knows to me. God, what's going on in your America man? Go back to the very first call of the day. I think we got ahead of point. W2AM hello. Yeah, I'm waiting for corn, cramardi. Yeah, heavy on about a half an hour. W2AM hello. Two AM. Two AM. AM. Yes sir. Why exactly is the pulse today? I'm sure I'm. The pole is why do people call the show and ask what the pole is. That's the pole. What kind of person does that? And the answer is so far is only A holes. By the way, the crow when he's on the night about 1130s going to tell you about what they really use the so-for-the-body Washington locker room. Go on and lock a room in pump pump pump. He'll tell you a lot about right there. He's been in there. I saw him yesterday. Who was in here? The crow? Yeah? You smell the man's today? He was here? Oh, must have been that Kagemer Bocae sent again. Hmm. Wow, he must roll around in it. And the Kagemer Bocae too. I just don't get it. I never smelled a guy in my life like quite like that. 1113 at 560WQM only bought an hour and a half away from Marlon's baseball. Oh, would they van boring and Roxy Foxy? You know what it comes to mattresses? There are a lot of gimmicks going these days. I'm sure. New. Yeah. Next time on a miracle breaker. These miracle doctors from across the country are now making possible. What was previously thought impossible. This was George just two weeks ago. Of, uh, but uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, they, they're, they're, they're, we did a total brain transplants. And now, we're hoping that something intelligence might come out of his mouth. And now, the moment of truth. I don't welcome him. I mean, and, and, and, and well, I get to partial victory. At least every other word out of his mouth is intent. representa. Terrorists terrorists are as a terrorists service. Terrorists are as a terrorists service. Terrorists service. Wait a minute. It's the same brain. Oh, I forgot to tell you. It's endling. The brain gets into it. Next week. The other one, the other one. Earlier like that, so he's got Terry's brain, I'm whatever he's got Terry's tube. We'll find out. a little research in a minute will just invest you up a proper creeper on a robber what are you going to do about it you're very a racking police report details of it in the sense of the u.s. troops in the back this yes i read it on the side is better fact our side are all of the news stories on our side we have to do is if you people take a look at the support of the mobile night drive each other we don't have any every chance i get Iraqi police abuse american troops have executed eleven people including a seventy five year old fact Josh thinks we've got some great stories on their two but probably too many i'm sorry i just walked in the roof yeah he just got back from a visit a trace no no that was a one scheme and we got forty second break here you're telling me i have never listened last time this is like the twenty first of my spring has sprung okay i've been in this market a hundred years i have never on this particular day seen a log that looks like this okay in fact this morning i dropped a bit of log in a bowl and then what we got here today for this show press you got a lot of work cut off for you christ i say that right now man you can got a real big pile of work cut off for you especially with a group of under his you got back there Iraqi police have accused american troops of executing eleven people including a seventy five year old woman in six month old infant i don't understand whether they're not bringing our troops uh... candy and flowers in the aftermath of a red last Wednesday in a house about sixty miles north of Baghdad the villagers were killed after american troops heard of them into a single room with a house coined way police document obtained by night with her newspapers the soldiers also burned three vehicles killed the villagers animals and blew up the house other night everything was just fine you know all we're fine u.s. military spokesman major tim keaf said that the u.s. military has no information is important the allegations of course not and that he hadn't heard of them before we port a broken was attention Sunday work concerned he accusations like that but it's also highly unlikely that they're true he said right he had the u.s. forces take every precaution to keep civilians out of harm's way the loss of innocent life especially children is regrettable he said accusations that u.s. troops of kill civilians are commonplace in Iraq though most are translated to be unfounded or exaggerated navy investigated as an outsource we people looking into weather marines intentionally killed fifteen Iraqi civilians four of them women five of them children during fighting last November but the report of the killings in abou cifa area of ishaki a miles north of balad is unusual because of the originate with the Iraqi police and because Iraqi police were willing to protect their names to it in fact this article is got the if you want to like read the whole thing it's got the police report attached to it okay please be in the place report not that the religious but had so that you understand but the police reports start out by saying in the name of god the most merciful this is the morning and afternoon events of uh... march fifteen two thousand six in the name of god the most merciful oh geez just report which also contained read descriptions of other events in the earth was compiled by the joint coordination center to create that's why you were made so joint for the regional security center set up with the military assistance and Iraqi police criminals signed the report which is based on communications from local police well they're done like flies in case we're getting away you know all that i mean the s.a. bystander bullcraft collateral getting right collateral damage man collateral damage just stay out of our way okay we're here to bring you peace and well and uh... freedom and democracy one or nine here's the eddy lines two way in hi there yes man uh... good morning to you and your and uh... someone sent me that wonderful article about you uh... in your thirty years and i was well deserved and quick things uh... uh... uh... passed up uh... i'd like to recommend a uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... eight oh dds o nl her group her we great is the list i don't know if you get it up there in Canada passed is it low car passed uh low car i can't eat regular parts of that's the whole idea what we're talking about the uh... uh... uh... i don't want to be broken i mean okay well thanks anyways we are going i like that so we by by second on past a whole week my ass okay doubt it will be a bit it's pretty bright you that here when that stuff see all of a sudden again past the calls dream fields reza got uh... i found it by line accidently because i was looking for that she were talking uh... stuff those noodles man the stuff that smells like rancid fish oh god if i talk any telephysions rancid all smells the same anyway but anyway any room dream fields there's a link right there at our website on our home page right under the poll is it under the poll again today let me take a look so with their suburb next under the poll right above the picture of uh... oh some are more thing into oj should put a picture of possibly because it's to probably say dream fields low car passed to would be better i don't want to get air uh... involved in more work okay because already sent him tomorrow's poll i don't want to get it involved in a lot of work hard work but she probably say low car because otherwise people look at that if they are listening and paying attention like that lady had no idea what i was talking about and they say well why why is this like a sponsor something no in my promoting it yes of course i am because i found it and i'm using it and i'm eating it and i'm loving it and it's not the haven't any detrimental effect of my blood sugar yeah sure goes up some and it comes back down what goes up must come down like our like this radio station okay we reached a pinnacle man above uh... is it two years ago spring or year ago in the spring we had a door to you and he can remember that to be dumped out for a while it's a viewer kick it out while we are a great spring book and then of course they decided that the mess was success it won't satisfy with that we didn't have any potty miles on the earth and for me we didn't have any problems at that point so let's start creating some problems jose yeah let's read joys ok let's go over here and who asked what for but from out here it should be an easy target because uh... from enormous it's she's all asked hey joys guess what we don't give a crap what you say about these words i don't care who you are you fair right i don't know why keep playing out there is on the uh... case i'll be a part of the uh... yeah he's going to probably go on there it's going to get spruce stuff real party well doesn't i'm not look what are we all of them they didn't i mean i i paid for i can get nothing for free and i don't mind paying for what i at least to post anyway no seriously i don't mind it because it was the ingredients and one of the greatest things i've discovered in my life i'm excited about it and i'm a pretty everyday all i will say i came here on Friday Friday Saturday Sunday i mean if four days in a row we're not eating it today because they is with mine Tuesday because of the ballgame so i'm taking a break from it today now tomorrow that's another story who knows humans for the worst extinctions in dinosaurs don't get to our body that down at the restaurant what was worth that a source of mine at the restaurant so you'd have to explain it to me humans are responsible for the worst state of extinctions in the dinosaurs and must make unprecedented extra efforts to reach a goal of slowing losses by two thousand teny when reports at yesterday or killing a man we're wiping out habitats ranging from coral reefs to tropical rain for which faced mounting threats the secretary of the one convention on biological diversity said the report i didn't even know there was a one convention on biological diversity well they should have the start of march in a meeting in korea tiba Brazil Brazil everywhere go that Brazil stuff again within bravillians in the name bravillians listen to show i doubt it or put them on the soccer enough but i was ill in effect we're currently responsible for the six major extinctions of the history of earth and the greatest since the dinosaurs disappeared 65 million years ago well well the god squad think about it 65 million year crap uh that's more that come in east of garbage more that proper ganda we know the earth is only like six seven thousand years old the universe because god woke up one day and said hey i'm bored let's the misnaps my fingers in uh my creates some crap apart from the disappearance of the dinosaurs the other big five extinctions were about two oh five two fifty three hundred and seventy five and four hundred forty those are all mid-un years ago scientists suspect that asteroid strikes volcanic eruptions or seven climate shifts may explain those five the big five arising human population six and a bit in was undermining the environment for animals and pence by pollution expanding cities before station in uh in the jet before us if you're done some alien species and global warming it said we don't want to hear jet divorced that's what the joe of belsin said you're cornball it's estimated the current pace of extinctions was a thousand times faster than historical rates jeopardizing global goal said a 2002 when some in Johannesburg to achieve by 2010 a significant reduction the current rate of biodiversity loss unprecedented initial efforts will be needed to achieve the 2010 biodiversity target at national regional and global levels it be saying the report was bleaker than a first you and review the diversity of life as you in 2001 bleak according to a red list compiled by the world construction conservation union eight hundred eighty eight hundred forty four animals and pence are known to Afghanistan for the last five hundred years ranging from the dodo the dodo I guess they don't know some of our audience to the golden toad in close to the kids what's happened toad it says the figures are probably a big under estimate the golden toad you've got a golden toad that lately and the road probably ran some over we didn't even know it the direct cause of biodiversity loss habitat chains over our sportation reduction of invasive alien species new three loading and climate change shown no side of a beating reports said despite the threats had said the 2010 goal was by no means an impossible one could dream how come on pericomald the impossible to even do it you got it find or you have to find that but you got the impossible dream with peric pop them up give a little oxygen sticky cute in the corner of his mouth where the pepperoni juice drool is driven down it's impossible that's not impossible dream that's it's not impossible impossible by pericomald it's impossible to sing when you're dead from here they get it wrong do we have a change in the schedule yeah because i just got a new schedule for um this is about tomorrow's ended i don't know i'm sure it is and then the only thing about that is that we got the hurricane's in Michigan but because we got the panther cattle game which is a mouillon for tante game the game is a year so far if you ask me and we'd be to capture every time i mean they do uh because of that we got hurricane warm up on a.m. 13.673 tomorrow night and hurricanes in Michigan and i.t. gaminated clock on a.m. 13.60 a cat catch the cat i'm sure it is easy. real respirator 25 of 04 if you buy the fifty $5 six millions a literal proceedings, and then 4 am I feel a lot less like they were living in the Marame. Yeah, I haven't felt this sad, I mean, since they just couldn't give you a sad. They put the loving and the bad sea and they couldn't all the words. They put the life in the bad sea, but it doesn't taste the same. I used to be living in bad sea with my sea, because my legs were there. And I would have hurt it, but here I would go and I'd be fine. I mean, I think I'd be running. Maybe doctors would be better. I mean, doctor, pepper, the day'd be a pepper to doctors. Physicians would be using the disease, I mean, doctor. No, I did not buy it, it would be great, sometimes I wish every grade. If I tell them, I mean, they're fission. Let me see how to get in. Diet Pepsi would lime. Pretty good. The other. Yes, I have. It's in stores now. Pretty good stuff. And you can actually buy it in the big leader bottles. And I'd like the vanilla, two sweet, even the diet. Ooh, vanilla. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, here's a fact from Dean and Volkus, so it's for your poll. Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? Brainwash, which has a 14 vote stain. Now, he or she happens to be right, because he being whoever. Great thing. Anyway, it happens to be right, and that we left it off originally, but we just haven't let's go to a 14 vote. Out of 1150, we got over 1100 votes. It's not even it's just barely 1130. Aren't you impressed by that? I sure am. What's that all about? There it is. Because I didn't stick that baby under to like about six or seven or five last night. Man. Here is your boy John McCain. I don't mean you. I mean like the public. Thank you. Uh, well not us. There have been a number of signs, like the Senator John McCain, I in 2008, is closing up to the Republican establishment, but this one just may be the surest one yet. This is from muckwaker.com. Muck. The Washington Post reported yesterday that McCain and I are Terry Nelson to be a senior advisor to his political committee. The straight talk America pack. Who is Terry Nelson? George W. Bush's National Political Director in 2004 for one. It's just the latest example of McCain's strategy of taking what he can to Bush's money infrastructure as the post reports. He has been busy recruiting pioneers, Rangers, and Super Rangers from 2004. The Bush crowd. But there's one crucial telling detail about Terry Nelson that the post leaves out. And that's his role in the money laundering scheme for which Tom Delay is being prosecuted down in Texas. Nelson was at F-82 for staff of the Republican National Committee in 2002 when he'd less crime occurred. His role was crucial, although he hasn't been charged yet. His name is named right there in the indictment. Delay and his money man. John Coli Andrew and Jim Ellis are accused of trying to get around the Texas law against using corporate money to fund candidates. To do that, they were to check to the RNC and had the RNC bounced the money back to the Texas candidates they wanted to fund. According to the indictment, the scheme was laid out to Terry Nelson. They made sure the RNC carried it out. So what gives Senator McCain, Mr. campaign finance reform, is just how to manage and will allegedly play the key role in breaking campaign financing laws who advise him to have to spend his tax money. Anything to win in 2008, question mark and the answer of course is absolutely bad. Fony, like how we saw the hot drama, Kim, Fony Voloni campaign reform, my ass. Amen. Realize we got only like another hour and 15 minutes until ball game time. Love it or talk really about your past. And take a lot of really good calls if they ever come in. 560560, pound 560, maybe Verizon singular, wireless line, Marlins and the Dodgers from where's it? Jupiter. Man, big stuff coming out. Is it in Jupiter? Yeah. Thank you. So now I thought I'd said that on my, yeah, did originally on my original schedule and this revised schedule is a piece of crap because they took that out. Who made this? Where does come from? The guy's schedule? Yeah, I shouldn't come from Clarence because he died in the building. He's up in Michigan, man. He's in an artwork. Smoking big fat ones up there in an arbor with the Wolverines. Robert gave it to me. Robert, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Robert gave it to you. Yeah, I sabotage. Yeah, so what I'm saying? Even Turkey, he changed his thing a little bit, even for days, just to try to screw me up a little bit. Yeah, I, how would you elaborate? You're not fooling anybody. You idiot. I don't care who you are. You fair. Exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself. WDQA and Robert Gruper line. Hello. QAM. Grip, Mister. Not there. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. Yeah, I was driving out federal highway. I saw a truck of old taxi. They were pulling out and you find out about Google. And it was all they heard before. So it should have been there before it's all. It's because they left it on the Yogi and it was all day every four. 560, 50560, 2562, 2662, 2662, only these people that go away, they always come back. You're a bad penny, you know? No, no. But you see, don't work this time, no more. Don't work. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. So you need to line B to last one by a mile. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. Hey, I had a Chris Moran flashback when I heard guilty calling that winning shot this morning. Oh, my God. You're doing it with Chris Moran school. I didn't hear that. I know, Yogi was going to go on a breakaway and overtime. So I didn't hear that. Maybe we got that drive. Yeah, I just terrible. Let's do it if you can. Okay. Thanks. I'm going to go down. We got it. I'll look for it. Well, I've taken one thing. Since they screwed him over. Josh just made the same in Ocent. So he's looking through these hands. There's been. I didn't exactly put a handstand or pin. We have a panther's been. It's more like a tross. I see. Oh, yeah. Let's all go to the tross and pick out. Remember those days? The tross? Sure. The satellite days. Yeah. I remember those days when we had an audience. We had sponsors. We had like, real salespeople. Oh, boy. What a time that. What's a satu? Is that her? I'm not this one. I think I OD. Let's say for the poll, bullshit. It says Mike and Melbourne. Well, there you go. How's that? Let's get bullshit on it. Without the end. He's get it on. Why you're looking for a guilty in that. Winning goal by only joking in last night is 30, 30 of the season over time on a breakaway. We got it. We're looking for it. We're looking for it. We'll find it if it's really bad. We'll play it. Nothing we want to embarrass guilty, Rinty. Wait till my guilty on the stage needs day. All right, I got it. Richard's breaks into the panther zone now off the beat. He loses control of range or has it in the panther line. Still it away. Here comes Yoke and it breakaway to win it at overtime. Only in 20 shooting stars. Okay, only. Soak it in 30, 30. And accept it as what it's. Soak panthers who are up my blood. So the lead go away. But they would have tipped slide at overtime. Thank you very much. Yoke it is. What a game. Okay, it's enough. Roll was wrong with that. I have to get it. I have to get it. You let ready to go. Randy by the way. Hope you got Tommy's memo. He said you were a jackass and don't be. Don't be telling the port office across spots out. All we want is the money at the station. We don't care about all your fancy. Then all your BS about the buffalo. And where you see all over the general reds lines about where grandma puts the A cookies in the top shelf. We don't give a crap about that Randy. Go back to red deer. And quit Boston people around you. Idiot. Here's a guy that faces himself like a real broadcaster. Remember we're sure right about him. Iraq was a washing cash. We played footballs with. Football with brist of $100 bills is some goofball. Ready for this. Talk about the air. I would have puk. At the beginning of the Iraq War, the UN entrusted $23 billion. A Iraqi money to the US legislation to redevelop the country. With the infrastructure of the country still in ruins. Where's all that money gone? Remember that song by Peter Paul and Mary. Where has all the money gone? I do. Calamacray and Ali Fadil are on one of the greatest financials. Candles of all time. This is a British guardian. So long article. Beyond our website is it on today. This is beyond our world. Where have all the flowers gone? It's a long time. He's been treated by the way. Oh, sorry. Paul Mary done it too. Sorry. I'm sure this is the original. We talk on it. No. You said that by the keystone field. Which you have the MTA. Will you ever return? Will you ever return? Come on. I've asked you a minute time for the MTA. No? Look at it. No. You really can do it. I'm sorry, I got it. See, now this is really something I think this is an almond. Oldman. Because just the other day we're talking about the brother's four. And you played a little bit of that green field. It's by the brother's four. Right? And we got, we're all the flowers gone by the Kingston, the wine sign trio. Perfect. Wow. They were good. Back when folk music was big in the early 60s. Baby, what year is that? Since 1962. Since 1962. I'm told, I'm right there. There are boats. Oh, it's over the year. I got my thumb right in Europe. We'd tell you my thumb on it. And they dilapidated maternity and pediatric hospital in DeWania. A hundred miles south of Baghdad. So Haran Abbas, premature twins just two days old. Live desperately ill. The hospital has neither the equipment or the drugs that could save their lives. On the other side of the world, the Nae Federal Court has in Virginia. Two men, one of former CIA agent and Republican candidate for Congress. The other former armor ranger are found guilty of fraudulently maintaining three million dollars intended for the reconstructive Iraq. These two events have no direct link, but the nonetheless products of the same thing. A financial scandal at terms of sheer scameless wreck is one of the greatest in history. In history, I realize that the world is a great deal. The most wreck is one of the greatest in history. In history, I'd like that. Oh my God. At the start of the Iraq War around $23 billion worth of Iraqi money was placed in the trustee ship of the US legislation by the UN. The money known as the development fund for Iraq and consisting of the proceeds of oil sales, frozen Iraqi bank accounts and seized Iraqi assets was to be used in a transparent manner, specified the UN, for purposes benefiting the peoples of Iraq. For the past few months, we've been working on a guardian films investigation into what happened to that money. What we discovered was that a great deal that has been wasted stolen or frittered away. For the coalist, it's been a catastrophe of its own making. For the Iraqi people has been a tragedy, but it's also a financial and political scandal that runs right to the heart of the nightmare that's engulfing Iraq today. Good job, W. Man. You're doing it. And it's a long article, I said, we'll be on our website tomorrow. From there, you're a guardian, no less. We get some real moves. This is New Rogers. This is five 162A. Who maybe let's turn this mother out? Up the natural wrapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before all his name is Bob Daddy. I spent that spot the magic wrapper or won't be here that long. Not a less in place, the singled right up, and I said, what the magic wrapper is all over empty me. Only because of what shut no boring is for you. I made this one to tell him making it this way as long. He came at short that best friends he came to bless and fall. Still, still, still, get all the dog from on the ball. 145AQAM. See little folk music of our own. What's wrong with that? That's good folk. Where all the flowers gone? That wasn't a Dylan song. Was it in Pete Seagre right there? I believe. I don't know. I just have the Google file. Where have all the Peter Paul and Mary? In fact, you might want to look that up to and see who's done it first. I'm going to look it up. Man, this book is too heavy for an old fart like me to carry. What am I looking for? Peter Paul and Mary? How about Peter Paul and Mounds? I'll enjoy it. I know they did it. Ball it in the wind. What am I looking for? Where's the music by Peter Seagre? Pete Seagre. I knew something. They didn't even do well. Where am I thinking about it? They'd be Dylan recorded that. I sure hope not. It was bad enough he was recording his own songs. That would have been really bad. Bob Dylan, rainy day women are like a rolling stone. Positively four straight. Yeah, they're late. No. Well, I'll be damned. Maybe that was the only one. The only hit. Kingston trio. I better look it up. He's a buildboard book. You can look it up under the name of the song. He did. When you want to find out something about something, Wikipedia is where you want to go. Kingston trio. And guess what else recorded where Hall of Flowers gone? You'll never guess in a million years. I'll give you a clue. Okay. What other song do you do? We love him. Johnny Rivers. Okay. Seven. Seven. Remember the seven song? You remember going? Johnny Rivers in 65. And anyway, 62 where Hall of Flowers gone. Also, where Hall of Flowers gone, my Paul McCool. Where all those gay. Count words. Probably up there in Brokehass Mountain. There's a common near somewhere. WDQAM Hello. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Five sixty. And he Verizon and singular wireless line. God, almighty. We only got an hour to go until I've got some pregame music going here. Right. For the pregame show. You like the Kingston trio. I'm a big friend. I will have no Kings on either. I love the Kingston trio. No, you're going to play it on that end. I'm going to play where Hall of Flowers gone. You didn't even know the song the MTA do you? Will he ever go? The turn Charlie gets on the MTA and he gets lost. By whom? By the Kingston trio for crying out loud. That's better than I do here. Well, I'll be damned. You got to have a good one. Come back. Here we go. Man, because we want to get the wireless a big set off. They were playing this all the way from now until they have pregame shows. Not. Wouldn't that be good? Playing hour of that. Just put on the endless loop. Speaking of religion in our poll today, here's a timely story. Anger over Christian Convert in Kabul who faces death. Although I think it's a pretty good idea. What they got going over there. If you convert to Christianity, we're going to kill you. That's a good idea. It's kind of like Peter Marshall used to say, and Hollywood Square's turn around his fair play. Yeah. Pay back. In other words, pay back is a big bite. That's how they got it spread in the first place. That's right. We're going to make it offer you can't refuse. Uh huh. Convert to Christianity, my ass. I'm the lost money. 41 year old Afghan was a Muslim for 25 years before he began working for an international Christian group helping his fellow countrymen in Pakistan. But what you see, what Masha'ar said about Hamid Karzadi of the day? Nope. And Mrakh has just turned to like Territiy, so he said, Karzadi has got any idea what's going on in his own country. And Afghanistan. What he said, Afghanistan. That's a shot Masha'ar. Within a couple years, Abdul had converted to Christianity. How do you like that? Oh my God. 14 years later, the decision made cost him his life. After four years in Peshwar, Mr. Rothman spent the next nine years in Germany. His problems began when he returned to Afghanistan in 2002 and tried to recover his two daughters. Now, age 13 and 14, who were living with his parents in Kabul. They were probably living in the rubble in Kabul. His parents refused to return them. The matter went to the police where the parents complained that their son had become violent. Mr. Rothman's father then denounced him as a convert. You convert? Mr. Rothman was promptly arrested and found to possess a Bible. A Christian Bible. Where's that a Jewish line? There really is no such thing as, well, I guess, the New Testament. But the all things, the whole thing, but the whole day. All day, we'll get a Christian Bible. He now languishes in Kabul Central, first and will, of convicted of an attack on Islam faced a death penalty under Afghanistan's new constitution. Ha ha ha ha ha, right. Oh my God, this is what Americans had Canadian died for in Afghanistan, so that they could have a new constitution like this. Freedom is on the march. Mr. Rothman's case is shaping up as a trial of strength between Afghanistan's religious conservators and reformers. The constitution says Islam is the religion of Afghanistan. He also mentions the universal declaration of human rights and article 18 specifically for business kind of recourse. One human rights expert said in Kabul last night, it really highlights the probably duty theory faces. News of his son is likely to cause outrage in predominantly Christian country such as Britain and America, who troops are fighting to free Afghanistan from the religious zealotry of the Taliban, who we were lied to until that they were wiped out long time ago. Remember that? Bye bye Taliban, all that stuff? We've baked up a sandwicher at a cake. The Bishop of Rochester, the Reverend Wright, the Wright Reverend Michael Nazier Ali, who leads the Church of England's dialogue with Islam told the times, I'm amazed that the constitution that has been agreed to in post-talaban Afghanistan under the very eyes of the international community should allow this kind of thing to take place. For a person to be arrested for having been converted 14 years ago and to be threatened with execution simply for his beliefs. The British Army in Afghanistan is losing soldiers there through injury and death. Is the Army there to uphold this kind of thing? I thought we were there to promote democracy and freedom. He'd be saying it in the article goes on. I think it's on our website, isn't it? Yes. It is. Josh don't know. He's overwhelmed with so many stupid articles. He just can't even keep track, no more. Isn't that right? That they're all like matrix code by now. Matrix better watch it. Oh, I got a really skating review of crash 2 by the way, from MSNBC, another one. I'm sure it's a queen. Oh, it's nice. Yeah, that makes sense. They're all bitter. Yeah. Because broke back mountain didn't get it. You're so insensitive. What's wrong with you? Yeah. We want to get broke back mountain was good, which sucks. Well, I'm sorry. You think about that other review? The one that I read you that day. Yeah. You got this bloody old about that. It's salt sir, but he saved her later. So it's okay. Nobody said anything was okay. It's a life ain't simple. That was the message. Right. That was just irony. That's it. Yeah, but they kept saying I ran it. So it's okay. Crap happened. Yeah. It happens. In fact, when the frogs in Magnolia went to first start a rating Frogs. That's the message in that movie too. That's the message. And then they say that they say Crap happens. They don't say Crap, but something like that. I mean, we work at QM, so we know a lot of Crap happens. Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? Oh, you know something I should play that religion lately, you know? I'll play those often enough. Oh, George? Oh, George? Oh, George? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. George? Me? Me too. Me too. You're saying that often. 80. Yeah. I don't know why to talk religion. Because he is a planet, and he is not representative of our thinking. So, you know, it was a good religious lady. He would just with a potty mouth. He would have a wash out with torus in a mouth too. God. 1157. What should these come to mind first when you think of religion? I think of running wheel fast in the other direction. Faith 210 is number one. That's, uh, makes me want to cry. Faith. Faith in one. In tolerance 203, stupidity 154, crutch 138. Tax rebate, business 134. I'd like to have a business like that. Superstition 1808, even Stevie Wonder is singing about that. How Stevie do in these days? B3. Rainwashing 26. Salvation 23. Oh, hallelujah. Murder 17. Fear of death 9. And bullshit, which is when I'm not somebody got seven votes. Voltsmith. Like how I've been said, then there's always the God voltsmith. Remember that? I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've been to the West. I've had bulge met. Freezing Nuns are a result of Patriot-ack Move. How much has played the whole, in the Th非1250, creation mais à son scroung... Pract. Freezing Duns? Yes? Winchester began bouncing at the Holy Name B buttery And the Benedictine Cistor last year Sister Gene Abbott, who is something were special. Sister Gene and the Dancing Machine, by Christ of Gene. Here she is. doing it. Her calls to the bank were revealed that the St. Leo Florida account was frozen for five days because one of the account's secretaries and 80 year old none didn't have an identification card on file. The bank claimed the USA papered-act for the account freeze, the local bank said it was the papered-act system of it, but it was time to identify the bank. Someone at the main office of the bank had done according to the local bank a spot check on the account, which they do periodically. The papered-act strengthened the bank's secrecy of the bank which requires financial institutions including bank creditors even casinos to inform the US-Rairhood Department transactions they found to be out of the ordinary. But even the papered-act can't close an account only a bank can do that. The number of suspicious transactions that financial institutions that have performed the government is nearly tripled since the papered-act was passed in 2001. Like if yours deposits more than $100, they immediately put that in. A suspicious act can be a business that doesn't normally use cash but suddenly starts making large cash deposits or first normally deposits just a paycheck and something makes deposits of tens of thousands of dollars. Both could be legitimate transaction but they also could be a sign of money laundering or other legal activity like chicken neck. So both cases will draw red flag from a bank prompting the file a suspicious activity report which is sent to the Treasury Department to determine what the transaction is fraudulent or to start a paper trail that investigators can use later if necessary, a paper trail. It's like that brown trail when you pick up the hero outside on the Arab driveway in a morning at least a paper trail, leaves a brown paper trail. Most consumers will never have their accounts closed and likely will never ever know if a report is filed on them or the Treasury Department and the American Bank of his Association, it's illegal for bank to tell consumers that a star has been filed on them. I suspect this is an activity report. The average consumer should be concerned as long as the transactions they're doing are legit to the end where we Kelly spoke to them for the financial crimes enforcement network or channels that are on. Privacy groups say laws invasive without being effective. The laws causing so many problems in demonstrable success to jay Bradley Janssen directly to be sent to for financial privacy and human rights part of the liberty and privacy networking of district. The banking secrecy act has been on the books since the 70s, it didn't prevent nine-loaded and something. All right, by the way, the people in the new way, you're still about to tell us who do you about those financial transactions and those financial papers. Yeah, before 9-11. The white-e-hate of America. I wonder how that line of yours is going to play on the Arab Street Mr. This is Neil Rodner, who is around the mind. This is 516. Hey, this is Paul Shino, the new Rogers and your 12th. The one out is Drought to you by the 1112. The people by 6th and 8th, 9-11. The one out is the P.2. All for me! It's air! It's a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-aa-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-e-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a- Is this a spread out over my and she's Anybody know any a pool screening people huh? Pool screening people. How you do yeah, you know screen people screen screen screen screen. Oh no now Pool screen. Why you got to pull anyway, do You know what you're laughing about you have to be a like a some hot shot have a pool most House is in Florida got a pool even slipper's have a pool. That's your Josh's got a pool. Most in my neighborhood I do and your hood see there you go the next certainly have to And advise house There's one next door. Is that correct? No, the point I'm thinking about is in here. It's like March Yeah, we're probably a little bit too much of a hurry. Both for QAM and for the hurricane will the relief That's right. It's gonna be by the end of the year that people get their lives back together And that's why I was a really bad time for a fundraiser by the way we got 19,935 for a vented per rescue on our FUT Food vise campaign that we didn't want any part of and obviously the public feels the same way So we got almost 20 grand and if I probably on the internet's right now We got if we had the yesterday's total or today or whatever We probably got 20 grand. Oh, you think that's good. I'm sure we did good Enough said literally hey the Toronto star at a trail eyes yesterday bushes amber signal America is at war Those are the grim opening words from US president George Bush's new national security strategy The document that'll got American military thinking for the main purpose of his German office More than four years after 9.11 terror attacks as Americans are tearing of the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq United States military policy makers offer no relief quite the opposite Bush's struggling to rally skeptical Americans to his velcro's view of the world by arguing that his logic stream is pose a comparable threat to vast fascist war machines of WW2 and the Soviet communist empire The 20th century witnessed the triumph of freedom over the threats of fascism and communism Says the security text unveiled last week yet a new to tell a theory in ideology now threatens an ideology grabbed it not in secular philosophy, but in the perversion of a proud religion While fuel argue that al-Qad and it still do pose a lethal threat that must be suppressed this hot purpley undercuts Bush's case Some 50 million people died in WW2 and a Cold War nuclear conflict would have annihilated many more in a few hours By those standards al-Qad is the criminal nuisance nothing more This restant in a American policy with a new focus on Iran is the most urgent threat in view should serve as a caution to Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new government To adopt a cautious approach to US attitudes to perceived Islamic threats in Bush's last years in Orifice Americans are beginning to wonder which is one of the main reasons why Bush's populist supporters at a record low Few denied at Tehran is a worry with its nuclear ambitions has still the torturous real and support for terror but Bush appears to be overstated in the threat as he did toward Iraq to justify his invasion United nations diplomacy not American force offers the best hope of changing Iran's obnoxious policies obnoxious The security statement does have a positive side and affirms that the US bolster is its own security by promoting democracy and economic growth abroad That a musica partners to cope with challenges like pandemic and terror and that easing global poverty is a must But Washington continues unwisely to insist on its right to launch preventive wars even if uncertainty remains about the significance of the threat That argument serves as a pretext for regime change in Iraq And Washington threatens to attack non nuclear armed post with nuclear weapons while demanding the North Korea and Iran for six such weapons That is hypocrisy worsted encourages their folly all in all the national security strategy version 2006 is an Amber light to auto end to the world pay attention to what's going on says the Toronto star a and a good government. Yes, say there he is He's unlike 24 or seven out of the Bush channel. You've been like him. How big of a horn you've been like him. We have days. I don't like him 567. Let's take a whole bunch of calls this hour because we got a short hour We got the Marlin pre-gen show can up at the attendal yard Marlin's in the dive with the duplicity out of this world By the way, inspiring minds want to know what that piece of music is what it is what is it? It's track 15 from what standing in the shadows of Motown the flick by rovan die can we say died That's what that is and it goes on for like a four minutes plus So it's really good like lead in the pre-game show you know what I'm saying? You know I'm a saying it's just perfect five six seven oh five 60 come on let's get these phones smoke and baby in about four minutes when they delay our catches up Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 in a Verizon ticket or wireless line I don't see anybody find that dream field pasta if you're I made a big Timis about it on Monday and again early this morning You thought they there all been knocking the doors down the public, so yeah, but days when we had cloud on the show We had cloud and yeah, there's no go back. No, well look where we are I know 1194 Hotes on the pool. What's in these comes to mind first when you think of religion Faith two 15 intolerance to a six stupidity 167 a crush 144 Taxed we've been this 138 Well think about crunching as users are good idea to have a pair Otherwise you fall on your ass Superstation 131 Hocus focus 69 Tramalusios 33 brainwashing 32 salvation 23 hallelujah Murder 17 vols from at 10 and fear of death 10 Five murder WQ a M hello WQ a M hello In your parking lot new driveway right now go take a peek two get it 5 670 560 forget about the van world done with that Yeah, we want to right next to it in my house. We want to write away here remember all those times Oh yeah If it wasn't like right next door to wherever these people live well we can't go but it was fine and go online I mean it was only been very recently and doing these things that we actually had the the luxury of doing it online Am I right right And that many years we were able to do that now you could actually go online order your stuff if you really want to if you don't really want to get lost WQ a M hello I don't get it's got a break away Shoot this car I think there was anything wrong with guilty call. I thought it was just fine See the problem is with technically the engineer who engineers those games? You know she what I don't know Robert creeper Ha ha ha ha ha ha I told you once I told you I times That's the problem you need to crack up the crowd noise man. And all of my sounds like you're these in a broom closet Get out of that closet for crying out loud. What if please you and Tom and John? Little Tommy John God Almighty that's the problem is the engineering is a faulty Crank the crowd noise of course I realize there's much of a crowd they probably are cranking it up. They got it open wide It was 10 people Open wide. Yeah, go to a panter game like go to a dentist and so recently WQ a M hello Good afternoon I'm great It's one of the biggest regulations on 30. Oh, and that's old news I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I am Why Moving along More three to see these of yours. Thank you so much. You're a little bit great I think all you're showing great and it is okay. Thanks. We don't have a great day. You too. How much? YouTube. I don't like YouTube. I like her. He's fine. Uh, yeah. It's a little it's a 21st of March It's a little late for the 30th anniversary stuff like that was 20 days ago 20 days ago and well, I'm gonna tell you the the fall out the feedback the What's going on in that place now? You know, two by little Joe Bell didn't come into the court yesterday This morning and ask remember he did that last week one day. Yeah. Hey, what's going on? I mean okay? Oh, you know Should have come in at this morning and asked about that To see him a fiddle number zero was clearly while we're almost burning to see him a fiddle and you see the look of a juice harp A juice arm and he and O Jew I'll guarantee that to a bell That's the problem out with the new regime. We got too many glam Somebody kill me in hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, hey, you know, I was in the website. I was trying to get one of those shirts, but um, I can't find four X. I was anyway you can help me You Or before I'm gonna get a good guy Yeah, give us a song machine machine get a good machine mom Come any Q.A.M. Hello. Oh, great Can you give me favor and forget your days fold that cup of nut on voting creation We actually could do that. Couldn't wait. I like the fact that airs got all come we do all kinds of neat stuff Yes, we can do how he could We got all kinds of options on that's right five six seven oh five 60 Town five 60 of a rise in singing are probably most of the people are still in church because it's land they're waiting for Easter man They're waiting for Christ to write either the Easter rise or Christ arrives again. I think the east is gonna rise sooner Don't you that already has Can't stand that east. I think that's what makes me really like a lyrgic to a pizza. They'll put east and pizza though. Sure. Oh, man. Most bread High glycemic index man is your blood sugar or skyrocketing. I like that dream fields pasta Now that one guy call last Friday coming in yesterday. He's the only guy out there and he already knew about it He knew that it was at publics in Western He's a WQA.M. Hello WQA.M. Hello Meel yes, sir When I think of religion I put on a big smile and call them my balls with both my hands Okay, good luck to Palette chronic somebody QA.M. Hello Tommy that's something He's That was probably more accurate than the guilty call. Yeah at least can't score in an empty net that's their problem family for You're trying not to Really how does that for the years that you know there can be a lot of ups and downs Kind of a hockey bunch of crap what that was that And on the fly there watch any trial on your fly When it comes to Mac What Pardon That's right, that's the truth, this is the blue line. Great, that's the clear. And that's the back hand, it'll be passed right hand, one. Great, the blue line. Start by number 20, hope for it. That's how it is to go. 19, that's 28. 20, the blue line. 20, the blue line. 20, the blue line. 20, put it down, and don't find it in the pool. 20, the blue line. Right hand, it's straight hand, that's the clear. You know that's wrong and it's straight hand, isn't it? Do you want to get out from the pool even if you want to get them? Majoo!! We've got four floors, and we've got two floors. And we've got two floors, and we've got three floors. So four floors, and we've got seven. And those five, six floors, four floors, two floors. We would make new dives. And four floors, and every floor, and 90 levels. And we now throw all the dark eyes. And four floors, and we were given through the five floors. Who hate women? The dead, the dead, the dead, the dead, the dead, the dead. We've changed our minds, and it's wrong to see our freedom. And we've got two floors, and we've got two floors. And we've got two floors, and we've got two floors. I'm dying on the air. 18 at five, 60, getting hockey intensive, all the great hockey calls all the time. All these people are ditching for Gildi's job. 560, 560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? All right. I meant to call the other day when you guys were talking about, I wanted you from Fox News, the one that chopped off her hair. What's your name? I don't know because that is a washbox news. Red or in Suston? No, no, not that lady. That's a monster. She's kind of cute though, the bomb one. What about her? That, she's just, what's the hell happening in her? Okay. 560, 7.05, 60. Whatever happened to what's your name, George? I don't know. What's your name? Oh, her. Her, she chopped over here. And she chopped it. Come in to QAM, hello. QAM? Yeah, I'll go near. Maybe she used the Rompopeal Vegematic. Yes, sir. What's up, baby? Hey, I want to talk about something serious, man. I was watching the show 60 minutes on Sunday and it's talked about how Brazil has his energy policy back in the 70s. They wanted to be totally free. I saw them overseas oil. So what they did is they established an ethanol program. And they were saying that in the next five years, Brazil will be totally independent of oil. Yeah. But you're imagine if we had that kind of policy here and it reads the wrong amount. No, no, no, I can. No, I can. When you got a president and vice president, they're families. They made all this money in the oil business. And you really think we're going to have a policy like that? I know. But that's just reflective of what this country is all about. It's about the rich get in rich in the poor paying for it. It's totally pathetic. Like Ned Baby said, Mr. the world is a business, Mr. Bill. Just keep that line. Go watch that movie 100 times little pictures sleep. See, it's dry. The world is a business, Mr. Bill. That's what it's all about. It's not about what's good for the environment and good for the planet, good for the people. It's a big business. And like that thing there in the Fahrenheit 911 that scene where he's talking about, all it is going to be so much money. We're going to be washing our hands in my memory. That's seeing. Yeah. But people are going to die. Yeah. It's going to be bad for people. But good for business. Yeah. Bad for people. And the public says fact, but a book, but I was like, you know something. I think Eddie is maybe one of our most valuable people. You want it away? You're an easy, easy, epitome of the human race. The blue, the blue, that's pretty much what it's all about. If you go up your average schmuck out there in the street, the blue, that's pretty much what you're going to get. Or like take some of these calls. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Can I speak to Neil please? Speaking. Hey, Neil. Two, two things. One, I long time. I'm a fan. The email Tom Jicka, and said that I'm this. Or did you not recognize Neil's 30th anniversary? Yeah. You know, you're an icon here and met for many years. Concidentally funny. I said that the value that he makes fun of you, but everyone else too. Number two, my wife. Well, what did he say? Well, I just yesterday might be in the paper for me. And there's a lot of cool. But I'll be glad you're my wife. Can you please play Ray Nagan, can? Ray Nagan, can't. Well, I haven't. I don't tell you. The candy man or the candy man can. Can you play that? I want to play that. I want to play that. I sure can. All right, thanks. And the good luck to you. Ray Nagan can make you six years' time. I mean, you talk about a suit that's in desperate need of something somebody knew. Well, what is that called? Ray? I don't know how that you do it. You don't have it? I'll let him try. I got it right here somewhere. But what tell me is, I mean, I can find it. If I go into like the more recent stuff, that's just on the show. When you're comedy service. I don't know more about such stuff. Let's not get into that. Oh, geez. The candy man can. There's the other Ray Nagan one. I'll find it for the next break. How's that? Okay. WQA and hello. QAM. Talk to Neil. Speaking. I do believe that retard was referring to the actress Natalie Paulpen. Natalie Paulpen is on Fox News. She's a, that's what the retard is referring to. Now she did a shine hit on Connor. She's not going to know that movie. Oh, for a movie. Well, what does he know he's a retard? What I heard. Well, thank you for entertaining me. Thank you for a call. Thank you so much. Well, hi, like that. There was a sound like one of them limey guy. He's it was learned in Lee. Was that that was leapy Lee? Let's get the arrows on. See if we can't shoot leapy Lee right through the heart. If we could find one. I was a good guy. I'm looking for that boy. This goes back away. You know, goes back to the hurricane days. He post hurricane petri to days. There's guilty of two. Oh, I'm so excited. That's a long time too much guilty. Maybe it's just my opinion. Of course if I say that, that means you'll be on every day for my two to midnight. All the whatever knee or rod you're saying. Yeah, right. Whatever I say they do the opposite. Make no mistake about that. Trust me. Well, we got to play the attend. There's no pressure here. Because we only got one more break. Because we got no spots. Because we got that goofball from the Carolina. Is that came down with a banjo? And he's in there. Strumming it right now is what I'm hearing. There is a lead to one in week A. Oh, I like that one a lot. We're gonna come all along. Missing it all. Every time he sees it. It's the way God wants us to speak. Once to take a city and cover it to sleep. We're making them. We're making them. We're making them. We're making them. We're making them. Because he wants to make new or lead. It's peaceful. And I can't want people to say it. But just the answer. We have black people. It's down inside the door. Show the God as man. He compares the locals to low-early wank upon. Chocolate. Chocolate. Yes, right now he can take. Raynate 10-30 runs to make new or lead. Space girls. This girl has lost to come together. This time lost to rebuild a new relance. So one that should be up down all the way out when they go. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate involved. He never takes the blame. For everything he said. Chocolate. At the end of the day. We'll catch off bringing some coffee and a full hot one. We make him pay. We make him pay. You know I can. Raynate 10-30 runs to make new or lead. Space girls. You can't have the wall. There's no other way. It was the same. It's interesting that the... That's the way that the thing came. With the pre-bleep in there. Like piss off one. Well, there's. So one of the few things that we actually could play. So they already pre-bleeped it. We're going to play that. You know. That was sweet. Yeah. Pistoff gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. Right. But I guess they figured well whether rather be safe than joist. 5-6-7-0-5-60. Well, we got a very short show today. Man, time is a flying. I mean, it... It is flying. First of all, we heard about that. That's probably a yoken in color and overtime. 12-27. We got rather the means. We got the 20-23 units. We have a hero of stop. But at hockey, you see. How many QAM? Hello. Not there. Look at this. How many QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I don't know where I'm going to be. I just called it the guy from before. I think he was talking about an culture. Chop your hair? Yeah. So hopefully it's a neck. Oh yeah. And I had a question. What's up with the... With the CDs when you order a mothline? I'll under those two, obviously. Would you order them offline? What does that mean? I would order them online from your website. Yeah. Well, what does that mean? Order them offline? Order them online. And I'll... Yeah. It's been like... Well, we can have. Oh, relax. Just to relax, pal. Put it away and just... Yeah, it's not for anybody yet. Well, maybe you have. Yeah, we never... Stop. We don't stiff our audience. So can't believe me. If you see most of me, you understand why. We don't want it. We don't want it. But it'll get there. The amount of week from the circus. Either either side of it. 560, 050, 60. Pound 5. So I just love that. That's another reason I love those fundraising things. Oh yeah. I said my thing in the four days ago. I don't have it yet, man. And I like that. Oh, another guy that's bitching about. He don't have the... We don't have the large size. You know, for the t-shirt? Yeah. Like I told him, I got a one to the four X-5, four, and so on together. Okay. And stick it on your right dome, pan-d-ass. W-d-q-a-m, hello. N-o. Yes, sir. You're gay. Hmm. W-d-q-a-m, hello. On the celebrate the death of tiny... ...recipes of shoutout to all you, my home, me, tiny. You saw me and I was all you, baby. I love you. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Wow. W-d-q-a-m, hello. I just laughed chewing my toenail. I don't think we started about the dog either, where he can write down what. But if I said tiny die, I don't think it would be... ...you know, probably something else. 20 minutes. I'm thinking about... ...you and I'm thinking about a lot of Motown. Yeah. There's a movie for your folks. If you don't like that movie, you're like, you ain't a lion. And did Joshy that yet or not? I haven't been... ...given. Sorry, my bad. What is wrong with you? Oh, I smoke a lot. Jesus, got all my money. I'm writing it down. Didn't I send you my copy of it? Then I went out and bought another one? That's right. I have a... ...so I can't get you alone at Sam. I can't, I just keep spacing it on. Hey, how's it going? I'm going to fail, save you out of you. Fail, save. I think that's too much. I have an assignment. It's classic. It is Cold War Epic. Cold War?estenci причination. You're a Yeah Joshua falls safe in the middle of it. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. This is Figgy Tommy's brother. WQAM Hello. I'm gay. I mean you're gay. WQAM Hello. What are you going to do about it? You're fairer. You're a M. No, how are you? Good. I got my CDs with all the guys that said Puygne Hold it. Yeah, put it back in your pants and relax parents. Cut the crap. Hey, I was watching Friday on that, the bar show. And then it was the Lena Rose. Right in that lady. Really? And then it was the Rose lady. Man, I've always heard you talk about her, but she is up to be so works. Oh, great. Yeah, is that her? Yeah, she's crazy. But she's trying to compare the revolutionary war to this war. I don't understand how people can do that. So we got to get push out of there and I love you and George. Okay. Good luck, sir. Lena Rose and Adana. We all do apologies to a poor Watsonman. It's still dead. So it wasn't a. What's your brother's wife? I can't get a break. You're a bad man. You're a redner. I'm so sorry. I will tell her. You're a redner. The great killer, right? And you're seeing this as an injustice. That God makes somebody a look and sounds in his body. You're so much like her. Only at least this one serious. Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? 1244 full. We're going to take that other break by the way. We could drive a, we could drive a Mac truck through to these openings in his Log today. That's how embarrassing this is. Yeah. In fact, I think of all the times that we've ever, I don't play these too often. I don't know why. Don't think about it. You call this big market radio? We used to. What's the pot of time in America? 1244 votes. Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion? Faith. 1222. 222. 222. You got to have faith. Right. In tower on 122. Pity. 170. Crutch. 149. Tax-free big business. 142. Superstition. 155. Focus. Focus. 72. Let's have one of them. Hocus. Hocus. I got to have a podcast. I remember the year as you said, Hocus. Focus. I do. A brainwashing 39. Travels. 34. Salvation. 23. Hallelujah. You're going to be born again. You're going to be living up there and having it. You sit right there by the altar with God. He's going to alter you. Of course you can't see him and you can't hear him and you can't smell him. Of course you can't smell him and you can't smell him. Because you ain't got nobody. Bush mid 20. Murder 17. And the fear of death. On stage. This. Face me. Roger. Roger. This. Face 5. 16. Oh. Know that the Lord even loves me or address me. Oh. Oh. Look at me. Oh. Oh. Walk solid. Moving solid. Moving solid. Go green just throw and swath. You're fair. Holding. Through that night. A long, long night. A long, long night. Each little night that poison. Each little more that day. In night and night. The night is dead. And the night is dead. All it brings. Ah. Oh, make it and hands of us. All it will break and fall. Oh, make it and stand. All the good night and fall. Each little day. All it. Each day. Three little. Please. Through that day. The sky. The ocean. Through that ocean. cages. Oh. Moving, hands and hands of us. Oh. Oh. Walk solid. Go green just throw. Children's house and garden. All those great people. All right. All. Oh Oh From a dance From a dance Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm proud of you, so be sure to find a sound insert, and now be ready to pray. I'll be standing in my door for that the offer is a fire now, shall we sing it away? Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. I'll be standing in my door for that the offer is a fire now, shall we sing it away? I'll be standing in my door for that the offer is a fire now, shall we sing it away? Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure to not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray. Be sure you should not pass my mind to it, and pray.