Okay, have a safe flight. Thank you. Off for Tulsa, one home. One for our still Tulsa. That's what Henry said. What could happen to him? Oh, you don't want to go there. No. How you doing today? I'm here because you're just sick. Ah. See if George wore out sick. I'd be out sick. I look at the flu. But I got my sugar free sea pickles here all. I'll do stuff. Yeah, they're good though. Oh, yeah. Not really. I take sugar free. Sugar free. Yeah, sugar free. Sugar free. Sugar free. Sugar free. Yeah, sugar free. I think sugar free. But not sea pickles. It's the other brand I came in. Thank you right now. I got to get out of here. How you doing, Nora? You got to see? You have a flu? Well, a little. I've had it for a few days. You know, that's why I had the sore shoulder and the neck and the sore throat. But it'll, you know, it runs this course. It's just though I'm just overmind. So I get to go on an airplane probably catch it back again. Right. And of course, you know, whatever I don't have now, probably catch the Seth Numeunow where. Because we got to Marlins in the Cobb. Oh, yeah. We got a 50 minute early exit. So if you're just like you, I'll be exiting real fast. Right. I'll be able to talk to you tomorrow from Tulsa. Excellent. What it'll be a first. Yes. First crossover in history on his station from Tulsa. Next Tuesday by the way, little 30 in a morning, you want to be sure and be listening. The ratings are going to be coming out. So nobody told me that I had a look it up on the internet. 11 30. 30 30. Huh? Yeah, I'll be around for that. Yeah, you'll be there. I promise, unless you get joyous between now and end. Yeah, why would two of Clark Flight that day for Louisville? Do you hear really? Yeah, maybe I'll stay there. I'm not going on numbers. Wait a minute. Well, what does that mean? What is the, you're going to be doing your shows from Louisville on Wednesday and Thursday? No, I'm not working next. I am working, but I have to draw show next Wednesday and Friday, the Oaks and Colauberg. So who's going to be doing a morning show? Well, we don't know yet. Different people. You aren't going to believe this. It says on the schedule, I'm looking at it today. This is the first time I've seen this. I'm coming to relapse after the Marlon Cove game. It says 220 to 550, which, you know, my not last that long. So let's assume the game ended at five. Yeah. Until ten, he got five hours a goalie? Yeah. The Pandora just your radio spokes. Well, listen, have a safe trip. I don't want to hold you up. I don't have to fly out the door. Hope you feel better. Yeah, well, one of these days. Okay. I have QAM allergies. What it is. Well, you're going to be here until you're 100. That's it. Yeah, the why don't we new you know why I keep renewing that deal? Why not? It's a good deal. But keep the turbo bell his job, you know. All right. Okay. See you in Tulsa. Yeah. I'm happy to be with you. Yeah, great. On my way. Be sure and Friday to stop in Shul. See you. See you. See you. The music stressed on previous programs are those of the host guests. I'm not sure if they're using broadcast groups. It staffs advertise their agencies. For creating a 5 6th week. Don't give me a hit. This is my head. For my day. Roger's got it. You're willing to say goodbye. You're for full. On Christmas of 10 New Year's Eve. I want to show you the ways. And switch your tracks with my green nose. Back up. You're rather slow-fist with now a fooling up my fly. For the season. Dash my hopes of merry please. Here's what'll be my eyes. For no apparent reason. And like most of the years. There's a way to see in my trailer. And then I find you no longer here. You've got a day in my life. I shall sail here. And throw the hearts above those forest waves. And I want those days and days. Now you're no good young. If your toes I've walked in my mouth. I've been half over the shore. Back to like swore for a day. Oh, we've lost my fear. Now only chefs will weaken. Back, back, back, back, back, back to rectum. 10.02.05.60W. You're happy your Wednesday, April 26. Marlon's looked to make it five and 14 today. See, until he yesterday five and 13, you laughed at me. No, I did not. I just corrected you. I was just no longer just going to hit him myself. But that's the one side of those was only three to one yesterday. I correct about that. I didn't see any of it. But I, yeah, you were about to, I don't know. That score. And today could be five and 14. Who picked yesterday? Dr. Oh, that is so in other words, see when they lose one down 12 pitches. That's like a double lane. That's when you know that things are looking really grim because those are the games just post a win. You know, like one out every five. We're still one out of five. This is very good. I'm not going to get you two four. One out of five. Do the math on that is about 34 wins. They'll do a little better than that. Not much, but a little bit. They're five and 13, man. But they're going to play the cups that we've been fielded at. And I'm sure the cups are looking their chops. Marlon's on deck at 145. We've got it at 15 minutes early. None too soon. But how about I couldn't be like a 1145. What'd be good? I mean, I like that idea of going by central time. Yeah. That's right. It's not a fact. It's 11. I know. What do you mean by that? Well, we'll get out of here at 12. We're going to go in a central time starting going to get to be that time. Right. So the game is at 120. It's at 120. But that's your car or time. Always like your car or a lot. Well, you know, that's correct. We had yesterday about the standing roll. He seats on a plane. Yeah. And how do we're going to strap people of the wall or something like that? Which is ridiculous. Yeah. Well, Airbus called it. That's exactly the word they used. The York Times in Florida, the Airbus is quietly pitched to standing where we optioned to Asian carriers, though none of you had agreed to it. But a spokesman for Airbus suddenly did not report yesterday going so far as to call it. How do you like that? I wonder if Joyce heard that, huh? He called it craft, Joyce. How do you like that, honey? Crap. Our passengers and customers want more and more comforts at Barbara Crafts. A spokeswoman for the Europeaner craft maker. We're going to the direction of more comfort, not in that direction. In other words, not strapping people up to the wall. Although I think some of the people I've seen on planes ought to be strapped to the wall. The paper, quoting experts who had said in the seat of proposal reported that if the standing room option is used, Passengers would be, properly against a padded backboard, tell them place with a harness. And whipped heavily by Brad Kramer. To call us, he would be misleading, Volker Melody, a physics professor at Old and Merge University in Germany told the paper. Melody is done research on an airline seat covered in a sea that is on accord of the times report. He could be reached by for comment. The paper said that the use of standing would allow the new A380 double-lecker adjet that air buses in the process of introducing, but hold up to 853 passengers compared to 500 if they were given traditional seats. But they said it's a bunch of crap. Can you imagine, 853 people on a plane all the diseases you can catch on that baby? Yeah, as it is now just in the pad air, the lack of circulation in the craft here on planes. You're probably going to have a scratchy throat and a cold flu. All of these facilities. But boy, 853. But it may have probably, doesn't that mean that 300 people would be strapped? Standing strapped now. Probably they could in the fort for a class if they were a little strapped for cash. But anyway, however I'm definitely not going to be talking for four hours or even three hours and 45. George had some nerve. Did not predict yesterday we would call him sick today. Yeah, I knew he was working up to that right at a time. And I have been sick in about three years anyway. Have missed a single day sick in the days. I think about three years. I don't know about that, but yeah, you know. It's been a long time. Yes. I have many sick days coming. WQAM sick line. Hello. I'm sorry. Hey, you don't mind about me. Okay. I was trying to call you yesterday to tell you about the, the situation they released and the, had the permission to declare there already. I'll go. I thought it was in that line. Oh, brother. There are about 450 bucks. Well, you've heard that. I was going to object to a big shooter like me. I could win that in half an hour, would buy today. I know. All right. So, well, wait a minute. You got one. No, no, no. It's too bright here. I know where. That's a full tank of gas. Correct. Not a whole. Great. Thanks for the info pal. So they're out. You can go with a best buy or worst buy or any of those joints. Would you be picking one up today tomorrow? No, not today. Today I've got to go win the money. We go buy one. That's right. Maybe it'll win 450. I've got to win enough money to buy the HD DVDs. And I can probably buy all of them that are going to be out. I don't know if I haven't seen any of them. I'm not really so sure that those are really in the stories yet. The actual HD DVDs. Yeah. So what is scam? So now you've got to rebuy all your DVDs. Oh, yeah. You've got to see how many I got. I got to get to see into DVDs as you know. Yeah. And I'll go go out like you're setting and rebuy all new ones. Well, I don't think so. The only to movies I really like. Like, kind of think of, trying to think of which one I would really want to have an HD, you know. Like there was one I think called the swimmer. Well, I don't want to go with it that. Well, you see all the, you know, all the definition there. Here's the pull results from yesterday. And we're either going to take a lot of calls. And we're going to play heavy duty triple shot Wednesday. Remember we used to do that thing. I don't think you were on the show. Oh, yeah. All bit Wednesdays. Come on. Oh, not all bit Wednesdays. The one to two hours. We never did all that. We're going to try to get out of here. Boy. Although now that you mentioned it. What an idea. Yeah. Sorry. No, welcome to our new program director, Josh Curtis. We're already got the same first name. And that other one. Oh, brother. The sea's still there. Or is he out of the sea? Oh, yeah. You see here. See you doing you and. Yeah, he piled on the how he's breakfast order this morning. He piled on. George wasn't here. So he figured he would be the first time. We asked yesterday what country represents the world's greatest threat today. I sound like we were like, you know, much more. But it's going to get my. What are these? We're going to say, sirs. A few of the thing away. What are they? I don't know. I got my holes. And the word hurt is my super call. I'm sorry. I haven't had these in years. Remember the original yellow ones probably not before you were born. We still make those. I've always been a holes guy. Yeah, but this I can't eat those. You want to why? Why? I like those too because the papers get you all put up your. Sign as in everything. I like those a lot. Yeah, that's that's good. And it's better in this crap. But the regular halls that loaded with sugar. Well, these are sugar like three. And they will you wait a minute. Okay. And you eat them like candy. So if you have diabetes like how do you blow your. You blow your. You're going to do a scour. And these are supposed to be sugar free by notice last night. Did he's also. Have a negative impact. They send your blood sugar up a little bit. And that's not like what that is. So and then he's also have like. Sobital. But it's the last ingredient. Something I'm just going to squeeze my cheeks. We'll tie it till one forty five. I'm sure you'll have. And the halls sugar free. Sans sucrose. Those have lots of. Sobital or multi-tall or all of these. All of those things. I did not. I mentioned I yesterday. Well, but I'll be squeeze of my cheeks. That I felt a little. No, you don't. I don't think you have that irritable bowel situation. Some was old farts. But man, oh man. I had. I had a whole pack of those. Just like a work candy, you know. Yeah. And I got home just in the nica time. And it was one of those deals where you walked in the door and you ran. You didn't walk. You walked in your door. Probably I think I even left the key in the door. Ran to the magic room. I mean made a beeline. Wow. I was in there a lot. I wanted to put it that way. I wanted to get too graphic. And get Joyce. I'll bet I'll be shapin' all that extra joy activity discussion. That's what I'm gonna love. Excreting a lot. So the halls is the leads me. I have no choices there. Two to the sandwell. I'm sorry. Well, not half as far as I am because these tastes like crap. Is that right? I see people. They're very. They're like medicinal tasting. You know, even the cherry ones that I got here now. Which is a cherry would be, you know, a side of bad flavor. Right? But not good. What country represents the world's greatest wreck today? We had 1788 votes. Quite a few as a matter of fact. Let's see. What are we gonna do? We're gonna do our thousand a day. We might. Because I didn't put this on or till late last night. I forgot about it. Yeah, we'll get without over. Are we five thirty? We got so far. Five hundred and uh. Five thirty men. Five thirty on today's. I got tomorrow's all set. I already got it over there to Eric. So I don't want to tell you what it is here. What country represents the world's greatest wreck today? USA? 780 man. 44% of you said USA. USA. USA. You say right. I'd by the way, a Tony snow is the a new press secretary like that's a bulletin. Fox news. I'm surprised you didn't make it to, what's his name, Bill Araley? Or Sean Hannity. He could just do revolving Fox news anchors. Or Brid Hume. There's another right wing. Jack asked. Iran. He's a 258. North Korea. 181. Saudi Arabia 104. That should be much higher in fact as your phone up your gas tank. Um, curse the Saudis. Do you know how much gas isn't Venezuela? No, I don't. 12 cents a gallon. Is that right? That is correct. 12 cents a gallon of Venezuela. Do you know what taking good care of his own people? I'll have to head down there. Head to a caracas. I hate this. 156. Israel 41. Canada 38 definitely a great threat. We got a lot of nooks. We got Stephen Harper. He's pretty much a threat. Wouldn't let them take photographs of the ceremonies with the foresoldiers. They just brought the bodies back from Afghanistan over the weekend. Picking a page out of the George Bush song book. So they got a right wing extremist here too. So maybe Canada will become dangerous. 38. Probably all that pot now. On facts. Iraq 25. Pakistan 16. And India. I think India is a lot more dangerous than you realize. They're taking all those jobs. That's where they're outsourcing all the jobs. When you get close to the PIN and the S phone calls or solicitation calls. A lot of those are coming from India. Did you know that? Screw them. Exactly. School on you first. You can get by that curry smell. Some of the people from India are very beautiful looking. But when you get closer. Oh man. I think I'll go find somebody else too. Crowd with it. Now they're not all the Indian people have curry smell. I can't believe you said that. What? You've never even met any people from India. But maybe once have you. I can't remember. But now you never met any. We don't have any Indian people in South Florida. Very few. We have Indians. But that's American engines. We're busy. You know what I'm fooling me gambling deals. And all those cancer sticks. Get even with a white man. I still can't believe people. People keep driving or explaining the way those machines work at the Indians. I just. What are you people thinking about? I mean you're all with tough because your friend put in one coin. I got 10 grand or something. Which is. And I still ran on. Yeah, I told you when they have the real slot machines. I'll go play for like 20 minutes. Well, well, what do you got to go into the India? Oh, and I forgot to ask Hank again. All of me forget tomorrow. George, I'm sure George will be out all week. But you'll have to. Lots of coming in. I want to know when those slots are coming in. So I can plan my next trip down. I'm not coming down here unless I can go loose a money. I wouldn't believe a word in the old Senate. The tongue was not arrived. George, hold video 516. WQA, at the free sentence. Dude, God has done it. Hold it. Hold it. Come on. Hey, you silly. Come on. Coming to me on a show today. Now that is a prince of peace. Come on. Come on. Yeah. I don't believe it. It's too close. Come on. Don't let me go. Now I'm going to go. Go up and go down. I don't want to go down. Oh, man. Oh, man. I've got to go. Yeah. I got to go to the top of the day. I got a glass of medicine. Oh, man. The pills. Good thing I'm big and poor. How did you get out of this? Well, they call it all those sick. Who are they? Ma'am. You can see it on their way. We want to see it. Oh. Oh, man. Oh, man. Why are they all over? you are taking fun. Yeah, I'm bigger than you. I watch out for Jackie Wilson. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I can do that. Rosie. I do a good job. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, he was. Anyway, here's the schedule. We got Marlon Zondack coming up 145. And then the Marlon Zondack comes to 20. Back to the volume. We got guilty for hours and hours. And hours till 10 o'clock tonight. But I tell you, this seems to be the new QM format based on the fact that his girlfriends are making out the schedule every day. I could be just, you know, imagine that. But that would say what it looks like to me. We got guilty up the bat. Yeah. Till 10 o'clock any K at the 10. Which I'm sure the audience would be long gone by then. 574 votes on today's full. What best describes most is soft flutter residents. And this is good for people listen to this show. Because they get a real good cross section of soft flutter by listening. Yeah. Rained it. That is the correct answer. 195. Beating all the other hands down your pants. Speaking of hands down your pants, I just started sucking on these sepicals again. Is that right? And I dropped it. Well, I heard the words I was like doing too many things at once. And so I slipped out of my mouth and right down into my box, I assure you. Talk about candy in the crevice. But at any rate, every covered it. Rained it. 195. Illegal's 98. Average 75. Well, what a compliment that is. Average my ass. In saying 58, rejects 52. Losers 35. I see a lot of similarity between those two. Ostroges 33 with their heads very well. That's the good thing when you got a lot of sand like we do in Florida. Have a your head very deep in a 33. And find American's only 28. You'll chew. Only 28. Final Americans at the rest. Brain dead. So what do you expect me to do about it? I'm not going to like a wave of magic wanted. Make miracles or something. Can't do it. Can't do it, pal. As a matter of fact, here's living proof. Here's line nine. Q.A.M. Permanent. Ha ha ha ha. Man, he's moving it around today. Nice going there. Do it. Nice glasses, by the way. Did you ever see him? That's right. You said you've seen him at the Marlon games. Oh yeah. You've seen it. I have. Sorry. That's for a man. The press eyeglasses today. It's always good to have a spare pair with the Coke bottle. You don't cut the bottle out of my Coke bottle. Couple of them. Dolphins running back Ricky Williams lost his appeal of a fourth violation of the NFL Stubborn Division Policy will be suspended for one year. A source told to her last night. That's bad news for the dolphins and bad news for you. If you don't make that deal with sun. Williams was informed by the NFL yesterday. He had a field of violation. They said, go smoke a big fat one. Baby, you're out. You're out. I'm disappointed with the season by respect. Williams said the statement released by the dolphins. I'm proud of my association with the NFL. And look forward to return the dolphins in 2007. Oh yeah. Right. He's got a lifetime contract. Like board Gary did it. I.O.D. Like they want me to have a Q.A.M. Now what do all I see? The reader comments. Look at this. I'm starting to believe the NFL is looking for marijuana over like a hard stuff. This is getting ridiculous. This is not over. Let's take it to the streets. Ricky does not die out of the idea. I'm looking at the comments. I'm he's a story in the hero. Let's have a Ricky ball over it. Okay. No Ricky, uh, Tiki and the streets. Nothing got a change. And he's out. Okay. He is out. Although I would say that the loss of Adam been a turn to the Patriots. His much more devastating than the loss of Ricky Williams to the dolphins. They weren't going anywhere anyhow. Oh, now without Ricky. They can't win that Super Bowl. That's right. They were right on the verge of that Super Bowl. We're smelling the can't just smell it. We're talking Super Bowl because it's the. Oh, yeah. I've been here in that year after year after year. They're at the ball all right. They're at the same bowl that a lot of other teams are at. They're at the toilet bowl. Pukeneur Gusau. Speaking of nice game by a tamper last night. By the way, it's Ottawa losing eight to four right there in Tampa. Nice job. Five six seven eight. Now, either we're going to take a whole lot of calls because I do have somewhat of a pile here, including Molly Ivan. She's got a group column. That column about the ten word. The ten worst corporations in America. It's very, very long. It's on our website. And I, a few thing I'm reading at your dream. I even had my voice. I'm going to be dreaming. I'm doing that VP Delphi. S on mobile. Do bond forward. Haliburton KPMG. Roach Suez and WR Grace. Those are the ten worst corporations. The article was on eight million words. So we didn't weep. Exxon mobile. I think we ought to boycott them. As a matter of fact, Veeville Texas. I don't you love that name. Beville. Beee. Vee. L.A.B. Veeville. Probably home of the killer bees. Texans don't like to be messed with especially in his rugged south Texas County, not far from the some of the states major independence battle fields. So, as early a matter of time before B. County judge Jimmy Martinez, somebody had to stand up to tackle a national epidemic, striking at the heart and pockets of local residents rising gas prices. Oh my God. This week, B. County became the first in the state, possibly in the country. To pass a resolute, asking motorways to boycott fuel pumps beginning next Monday. Just just boycott them. Don't buy gas. Just stay home or walk a lot. It's good for you. Hop on a bicycle. Get you one of them mobile pads. I'll just start walking a work. You get one of them. One of those we talked about in Kavolisio. The things that kids have now they're shoes with the, what do they call them? Oh, they call them out. They got those little, really things. Yeah. Rolling papers. County elected to the police. What are the healy? Healy? That's right. Glenn Healy and Mary Healy and Peter Olin Hayes. The American people are tired Martinez said what we did was simply take action instead of complaining. We're offering our residents a beacon of hope. The hope rhymes with dope. Idiot. To me, the annual income here is about two thirds of the state average of almost 40 grand. Many can't even afford to travel near by hospitals for treatment. They're much less slippers there and they're going to pay this three bucks a gallon for gas. No way. So if you want to protest, head for make a beeline for beville Texas and join the crowd. Join the big protests. That guy to call yesterday. The other guy that called was was correct. That's all over the internet now. That's the new skin. Boy, context on mobile and the ones the other one. There was one other one. I looked at that. And that's going to drive the gas prices down. Right. Right. See all this crap on the internet. You know, the internet's very fascinating, very interesting, but it's loaded with crap. Yeah, I hear buzzer. Load it with crap. 591. I think you're right. I think we got a very positive chance. 592. Look at the way they're coming in here. I can't even keep up with it. We got that thousand with an R site. 593. See, it's done doing a break. I'm just going to keep refreshing it. And as long as it now sees stuck at 593. This is a meal rot. You can't let us avoid it. It's 560. For beautiful. Congratulations. Get a life. Goodbye. The glint. Now you're feeling a challenge. You're put back to Texas. The jumping is all you've got. And crawl back inside your bodies. And you're the debris of us. It's bad. Go out and take with them. You can be your lover, soldier. Man, or as we understand. You prefer a baby, girl, or a faples, rather. I know. I can't say anything. They're the pain, they're the pain. They can't read the game. They can't. A witty truth. For the worst wild out. River, no proof. You didn't go as far as snow. You've got to go home. You've got to go home. You've got to go home. You've got to go home. You've got to go, soldier. You're a rocky chair. Like a man of meaning this flesh. That's the popular one. It was the son of sunglasses. And his nice red shoes. He's a real fashion plate. This is Nazi Pope. The Pope, with the two hunters. He's on Iran. CNN about the Pope being a fashion plate. He's wearing designer sunglasses. People are dying. And this is people by the thousands. And they're worried about the Pope. And they're worried about the Pope and the What kind of glass some vesties were. You are crazy is what you are. But nevertheless, six hundred and seventeen of Ots on the pool. I think you're right. I think we got that thousand. Look, even with the early exit today. You know, like about 10. 45. That's right. Okay. I was going to take this never fails. Any day when you feel like. Done warmed over and where it. Where it. How's the phone action here, huh? Even the crazy people are on. I'm there yet. 5. 6. Huh? Not yet. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. diving. 5. 9. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 9. 9. They have to be paying us to carry those games. That's the part of this whole deal. Let's pathetic. Instead of paying losing all that losing Zidin's dollars on the Marlins, they have to be paying us by the inning to carry that crap. David, I hate to break the news to you. Nobody cares about your Marlins. Nobody cares. And then of course, you know, then they hype it up. They give away some stupid ass bottle of head doll. And if a serious one thing about South Florida, even if it's an event they don't care about, like a hockey game. They'll all show up if they're given something away free. Bunch of shnores. I shouldn't put that on the pole tool where you couldn't spell it. It's all about the giveaway that's got money. That's right. That is absolutely correct. What can we get for free? Even though even though we're going to put it in a drawer somewhere in a broomcloth, it never looked at it again. Oh, what can we have for free? Might be worth something someday, but don't bet on it. Come in and QA in. Hello. Not even there. Line one. QA in. Hello. See. Now when I said, chronically, I wouldn't talk about desperate. We're not, we're not that, we'll never be that desperate. Is he pathetic or what? Is there any words to describe him? Beyond. Yeah. A million miles beyond it. I'm the Chamba guy. I have no life. That's the translation of that. QA in. Hello. Here's some of the intellectual codes. I can smell it. QA in. I need all to find a safe. Thank you for all these years of entertainment. Uh-huh. I want nothing free. Don't worry. Don't miss. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. Now there is a call. Is that a call? Is that a guy with a thought in his mind? That's why brain dead is winning our pool today and believe you me. That's what I voted for. When I created that pool, I said, man, stuff. If this doesn't win, and these people are, I'm dying in your line. Or is it the other way around? Full of it. Brain dead. I know. I would have also pulled off their choice on there. That would have been the perfect choice. But I don't know how to spell it. It's called. But I like that. I don't know how you spell it. Yeah. Yeah. WQA and hello. QA. How are you doing today? Okay, sir. You too, George. George ain't there. Oh, he's got their say. Ah, she's there. No, George. Ah, hi, Josh. I just checked your website. You know, if you read that thing about the corporations, I could take your ed to the Marlins game. Yeah, that's true. If I had to play a five more voice, I got it in my pile here. It's about 800 pages. I know. I'm packing my bags. I'm heading to San Diego for a few days. Good choice. I'm going to tell you how to spell it. I'm going to tell you how to spell it. Right. But unfortunately, I have to come back to South Florida. Oh, well, but we can drink some day. My dream is to go back to Connecticut now. Connecticut. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think it could come. That's just a lot of an eye. I don't think too much of it. I've been there. I'm not too crazy. The only good thing about Connecticut is close to New York. And I don't really want to go to New York. Whenever I go back to New York, Canada, or anywhere in New England, I wish you like him home. Yeah. I want to think about Connecticut. It's close to Boston. I want to think about Boston. I want to think about Boston. Okay. Well, let's say I have a safe trip. I'm going to take care. Say how the Padres out there. Oh, the road tool. I've never been to San Diego. Everybody raves about the weather there. But they say, I don't know. I'm like, I'm always fearing a naval attack. A lot of semen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've got a lot of white wingers there too. It's not that far from. Well, it's, you know, when you get something LA, it gets more and more white wing. Now, let me ask you about Boston. You've been there, obviously. I lived there. Oh, wow. Great city. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because I've heard mixed things. I've heard people that love it. And then I've heard people say, well, if you don't go to a redstock's game, there's nothing to do. Oh, give me a break. Yeah. I will say this is pretty, um, that whole business about banded Boston. I don't even know if they have any like a even one strip club open anymore. They pretty much, they've gone from one extreme to the other. They used to have an area, which is part of Chinatown called the combat zone. Right. Where they had all the porno when they had like all the strip clubs and all the perversion and then of course just like Julianne in New York face sanitizing, close everything down. And so now Chinatown is, I don't know what it is. They've been there quite a while. I mean, once they close the porno down, what do I want to go there for? But, uh, that's still a great food. Great people. A lot of young people because there's all the colleges, universities, and all kinds of crap there. It's, it's okay. If you can't find something, something that's something that's somebody to do in Boston, man, you've got really, really need help. You need assistance. It's fine. I mean, it's not Miami, but then again, what is? WQA in, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir, when was this? That's it that you played with Lenny and Goldie? Yeah. I actually heard that show when they got on the air because the power went out. I was pretty damn funny, pretty damn funny, Neil. Just one thing in order and request a Georgia. Yeah. Georgia's out. Can you play fly on the wall? Fly on the line, even though what that is. Georgia at home with his wife. Fly on the wall. I don't know. Fly on the wall. I don't know. Second, you've got to believe me. I know what I can. He says, lie on the wall. I was there going to be something filthy and this or not. I can never play this. I don't know, but my hand on the button. Proving look into the private lives of our on air personality. This dive. Power hidden microphone is where placed in the home of George Rodriguez. George. George. George. George. He is here. You better hurry. You're going to be late. Me or you. You're ready for lunch. Here, did you have to have the baby? I'm having that baby. Whether you like it or not. Yes, indeed. And I don't want to do something. I'm going to be a shunny body. Yes, dear. Do something. I'm going to be a shunny body. I'm going to be a shunny body. Yes, dear. Now get out. Yes, dear. But come back. Yes, dear. You come here. Yes, dear. Get over there. Yes, dear. Come here. Yes, dear. Get over there. Yes, dear. Come here. Yes, dear. You have to hear some debt over there. Let me hear you. You hear some debt over there. Go over there. Come here. Go over there. Hey, sult on! Got him. And here I always thought they had a dog. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. Oh. I hear the voices. I listen to all the voices. He's here. If you feel though, a homo's yet to leave their soul. Right past there won't be certain words left. What you did back in. Oh, we're in your heart. Are they you who have decided? On the side of it. Our rock was a good statistic. Don Rumpfale is doing a fine job. And I like the idea of lowering up lost evidence. Yeah, that's a city in Sydney, right? Well, do you know everyone who goes there does that thing? Well, we're the very kind man. We're looking for a set with the white red. She makes great sandwiches. These are all the things you do to the real human family. It's not the time. I hear the voices. Voice is for air. Is that too? Very cool. Be as cool and sad. But I choose the look of like a dog today. I will be the dog that's sad. I'm the signer. Or what does that pay when he dresses like a fool. You're a little bit more than one. I'm a small boy. He's voice is for us. Finally, don't put the mayonnaise on your roast beef sandwich. Okay, you're on your corn be for Pistromy sandwich. It's strictly for glam. 10, 44, 60, before love. Go for get this Saturday. Be day on QA, man. Even if I'm getting even as bad as I feel. I'm getting all whipped up about this. Do you believe it? Yeah, I'm sure you're worried about it. Whether it's a Patriot you're going to take. No. Saturday's QM NFL Draft Party would gym manage the mad dog at Hooters and peppercorns. Also along with gym, we like, you know, like a little bit of a liability. Joseph Gackie. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. And the big old rock solid. All these people for your dracic average man were really pumped it out for you. Join them at Hooters and peppercorns to the QM NFL Draft Party. This Saturday's starting to get today and presented by Heinrichen. And you're not going to be playing at Heinrichen. I will be going to have that drop in here. Well, I don't know if it's in mine or not. In fact, I'm amazed at it. I don't know where the hell I damn thing came from that George Vitt. I never played that before. Well, that's from the movie Blue Velvet. Not I mean that, but I mean where it came from in my DCS. I've never played that before. I definitely don't have that. Heinrichen. What would you see get some of this crap? How come he's got all the good stuff? And I got like, he put it that. Like that. Yeah, like how about all those mold drops he was going to put on a distance in me. Remember like, that is correct. All those other, he got a whole bunch of those. When he gets back with his answer to shit. Now that you got that new deal. That's for a guy's courtist, by the way, is the new assistant program director, which means that about six months will be the general manager. Could only be an improvement. Molly Ivins writes, pro is real nut jobs on the attack. I like Molly Ivins. What are they consistent to formities in American policy? The debate has been challenged by a couple of professors and the reaction proves their points so neatly that it's almost funny. We've had a series of stories on these guys. A working paper by John Mirchheimer, professor of political science at the University of Chicago, when Steven Walt, professor of international affairs at the Kennedy School of German and Harvard, calls the Israelabi. The call the Israelabi was print that was the name of the paper. It was printed in the London Review of Books earlier this month. It all held broke loose in the more setable reaches of journalism and academia. For having the Schuere front of me to point out the painfully obvious that there isn't Israelabi in the US, Mirchheimer and Walt have been accused of being anti-Semitic, nutty and guilty of cookie academic work. Alan Dushuitz who seems to be easily upset would totally ballistic over the mild academic compass of just pretty boring article by Mirchheimer, Walt calling them liars and bigots. Of course, there isn't Israeli lobby in America. It's leading a working group as called the Immercan Israel Public Affairs Committee, A pack. It calls itself America's Pro-Israelabi and attempts to influence US legislation in policy. Several national Jewish organizations lobby from time to time, big deal. Why is anybody pretending this non-new is required to fall down the floor and howling? Because of this weird deformity of debate. In the US, we don't have full-thruited, full-thruited debate about Israel. In Israel, they have it as a matter of course, but the truth is that the accusation of anti-Semiticism is far too often raised in misconduct against anyone who criticizes the government of Israel. Being pro-Israel is no defences I learned long, time ago to my cost. Now I've gotten used to it. Jews who criticizes Israel are charmingly labeled self-hating Jews. Is I often pointed out that must mean there are a lot of self-hating news railings because those folks raise hell over their own government's policies all the time. I don't know that I ever felt intimidated by the need jerk your anti-Semitic charge level that anyone who criticizes Israel, but I do know I've certainly heard it often enough to become really tired of it. Now wonder if that doesn't produce the same result, giving up on the discussion. It's the sheer discreforcement and the view of the denunciations of those perceived as criticizing Israel. Let me see a tax-o-odious. Mirishheimer and Walt are both widely respected political scientists, comparing their writing to the protocols of the elders of Zion is just silly. Several critics have pointed out some flaws in the Mirishheimer wallpaper, including a two-brot use of the term Israel-Labby. Those of us who are pro-Israel differently and having perhaps overemphasized the quality of Israel-Labby by ignoring the energy-Labby. It seems to me to be the root of the difficulties, but Israel's inability first to admit the Palestinians have been treated unfairly and second to figure out what to do about it. Now here goes a big fact generalization, but I think many Jews are so accustomed by reality to thinking of themselves as victims, it's especially difficult for them to admit they've victimized anybody else. But the Mirishheimer wallpaper isn't about the basic conflict, but rather it's effect on American foreign policy, and it appears to me the author's arguments are un-receptional. Israel is the number one recipient of American foreign aid, and seems an easy case can be made that the US has subjugated its own interest to those of Israel in the past. What do you agree or not? It's at a scale of well worth having, and one that shouldn't be shut down before it can start by unfair accusations of anti-Semitism. In a very equal sense, none of us is academic. Israel, lobby, was overwhelmingly in favor of starting the war with Iraq, and is now among leading hawks on Iran. To the extent that our interests do differ from those of Israel, the matter needs to be discussed calmly and fairly. This isn't about conspiracies or plots or fantasies or anti-Semitism. It's about rational discussion over a coninterest, and in my case being pro-Israel. I'm looking forward to hearing from all you nut jobs again, she says, I'm sure she will. Just like every now and then, well, well, you're a self-hating Jew, alright. Whatever you say, go to Israel, and we'll pack you a salami sandwich, I'd be like that, with mayonnaise on it. Six hundred sixty two votes, Josh was right, you called it, we're going to hit that thousand easy today. It's probably because George is home sick. I'm home sick. See, that's the one good thing about doing the show here is I can be home sick and still do the show. You trooper you, yeah, what a piece of crap. As soon as I walked in here this morning, I saw the view was pumping, I said to myself, that little spick. I didn't call yesterday, you called it. I can always tell when he's like, ah, gee, you know, what I was a kid, I used to do that. You're right, Lee and Vid and then morning, if I don't want to go to school, I'm a little bit, oh, I'm lonely and growing when I was dying, you know, of course my mother being a real fool. Oh, take the thermometer, put it on the light bulb for a little bit. Oh, no, once in a while she put it back down, yeah. And then I got right up from Randa School. What best described notes is sound flow to residents? 665 old, a bedfiber refresher we got maybe 666, would not be something. Let me just refresh real fast. So, ah, 667 we hopped over it. Brained dead 231, although we have had some very good intellectual call so far. Elegal's 166 average, just come see come saw. Men's a men's a 86. In saying 69, reject 61, losers 42, ostriches 40, and find Americans only 32. And people are going to say, we didn't put very many positive choices on there. Well, what did I leave out? Huh? I think it's pretty accurate. Yeah, I think average would be like a high compliment and that's saying in third place right now. average would be like really, really a reach. WQA and hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Two things, first off, I got religion. I don't need to watch fair and I had none of that. And all I need to know with loose change part 2 off of your site. Okay. What's the crap going on in here? And the record. Well, the record. That's what they said. The air must man. It's all a bunch of crap. Right. Exactly. And so I like to think that crap because it gets your own subset. All right. And then closing if you're taking suggestions for the poll, what about A-hole? Oh yeah. That I like that. Let's get that right on there. All right. Thanks, pal. You can't say it, but we can sure put it on the, we put a lot of things on our poll that we can't say. I have to like dance around it like he just said it. But just spell it right out. You know, don't put just A, you know. Don't worry. Ha ha ha ha. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that Dennis Lurriesome comes up sometime on the show today. Well, you talk about having a busy affair. Oh, there it is. Well, I wonder what that's called. I think it's called. A-hole. Yeah. Folks. There's much easier here in it. Five, six, what? And to think that we used to play that on here all the time. I remember he holds on parade. I wonder if I can play like, oh, just a little tiny touch of that too here. Yeah, good choice, all of. Oh, here we go. I forget exactly how this, how this goes. I'll send her somewhere. All right. And if that doesn't get him all whipped up, I got a way to do it. If that doesn't make up these bastards in the back room here, they say hello, Mr. Tap. So, wow, I'm not feeling all that great today. And in the fact, that's a good way to get to rest of the week off, I think. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Oh, it's just so silly. The whole thing is just, it's silly, isn't it? Correct, word, it's, it's pathetic is what it is. Just absolutely pathetic. And so, guy comes in here yesterday, Clara Bell. Yeah, I mean, I have no support. None. Absolutely none. It's always the same excuse from him. Oh, gee. We're so scared. Yeah, we know you're scared. I still say the best thing they could do is we do that billboard campaign, even though Domestika Lele might get all better on the shape again. And instead of the original one, just say, two AM, we have no balls. And then I pacify her, as opposed to say, we have balls. I mean, what kind of a silly old-dike it's upset because of a billboard campaign. This is WQM, we've got balls. Every sports station in North American, including the fan here in Toronto, for a long time now, they've had that campaign because of the fan. Whatever it is on the bow, we've got balls. Big deal. Well, people don't get offended as easily in Canada. Is that what it is? That's what it is. Maybe that's because Canada's such a tremendous threat. I think that's Stephen Harper in there. Oh, hey, they're going to rule the day, man. They're already ruling it. WQM, hello. Yeah, I'm here. There we go. Dude, they just keep trying, man. Let's see if you do it like 100 times. Will it go on? No. But you just keep, you keep busy. It'll keep you off the streets. Keep you out of invading your neighbor's house. Somebody QA, hello. Hello. How are you? I'm good. Good. I'm going to question. Why is Tony Snow committing careers suicide by going to be a folksman for probably? What do you mean by that? He's not doing anything different. He's being a mouthpiece for Bush, which he's been doing on Fox for years now. Anyway, so they're not, you know, they're just calling it something different. Yeah, but does he realize that Bush is probably going to have a sort of a worse presence ever? And you know, it'll just kill us for air. No, it'll only make it because no, it won't because once Bush gets in peach, or whatever's going to happen, he'll wind up going back to Fox News. They'll gladly welcome back with open arms and legs and put him on the ear again. Boy, we're right when a fanatic. You have no shortage of your places. I know to see an end is putting Glenn back on the ear now on the weekend. Every right wing nut job that's been on radio or TV. All of a sudden is on the ear. Talk and hit that work now. The effect, there's a promo right now. The abuse headline news may 7th and 8th Glenn Beck. See what I'm saying? And we got what's his name? MSNBC. What is his name? Kettlebrake. Kettlebrake. Yes, Kettlebrake. And that's it. That's it. That's one. You got any, Meanie or labor jobs up there on Canada. I can come up and take. Oh, yeah, come on up and club some baby seals to bed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a Verizon and the singular wireless line. See the reason they do that is they don't want to like appear to be too civilized. Oh, Carl Roe, meeting with attorneys on his role in the CIA leak matter. Oh, look at that. Is that roving maniac? I'm going to say it again. All this stuff that's going on and you're paying like, and this summer, maybe close to four bucks, maybe open for over four bucks a gallon for gas. I wouldn't be to America. I'm talking to his getting raped and pillaged and looted. People are innocent. People are done. We've got like, mayhem and lunacy every couple of days we get a new video tape from some of one of the master terrorists or an audio tape. And in the meantime, it's like, hey, how's that American idol coming? How's time and how feel this week about this idiot? That's stuff. I, you know, I'll always cliche as my sheet and the world we live in life is a cliche. It'll like after the Holocaust never again. It was all these people in Africa and Darfur and other places. And it's like crazy. And now finally, by the way, finally the Pope the other day they're going to act, they're commissioning a study to see maybe possibly by allowing the use of condoms as a way to prevent the spread of AIDS, especially in Africa. The greatest cause of misery and suffering and death in the world today, the Catholic Church is fine. They finally got around to apologize and we got a layover and finally saying, oh yeah, maybe condoms are okay, but only for the priest. This is real Rogers. This is 5.16. Father, do you have an all-all-the-boy? I'm a Catholic. No. In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and Father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of Father knows best. Step into the confessional belief. I don't know Father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody can't have spanking. Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best-capped secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the reader. Father, I believe, boy, each time for your flute flesh and... But Father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make it a noon. Oh, here's where Billy, he did with! Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about It. Let me introduce you to Saint Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. And there sure is it's a real panic. It's a life-right of 733 votes on a pool. How do you like that boys and girls? That's not too bad for 11 o'clockish. How bad at all? 703. What best describes most of the assault photo resonance? Raineded 239. Illegals 109. Oh, you guys talking about illegals are real shmitty. I just love her. She was real idiot. average 91. Insane 71. Would have a lot of votes if I knew how to spell it. A regiox 63. Austria's 44 with a heads very deep in the sand right there on the beach. Losers 42. Final Americans 35 and A-holes which just went on there. He's got... Riyai. Oh, there's one. There's a real one. If I ever heard one. See there's... I'm surprised we don't give him his own show. In fact, now that he's the assistant PD, maybe he'll put his own name on a schedule. Yeah, be careful with your ask for. I'm telling ya. I mean, we've got all these other people who can't speak on here. Why not to grieve or drink the grim creeper? Don't give him any ideas. Don't forget after they come tomorrow, as we get into the staff to know what's I'm sure. I don't want to be glued to your radio for that. Get out the super glue. It's guilty for hours and hours and hours. See, that's neat. He keeps on knocking guilty. So we're going to put him on just to just to rub it in his nose. Hey, come on. Why don't we want to re-up for another 10, 15 years? That's not to your 100. Tell you, croak, right on the ear. I could do that today. Although my shoulders get in a lot better. I think this is the flu. You know, the aches and the pains. Yeah. Without saying goodness though, they're the whole nasal and the congestion thing. That part to me is the most agitating. It's not that... It's the annoying factor. Yeah, it's the most annoying in aggravating. You can't breathe. I feel like you're in love. But here, by my head, is this clear as a bell? Summary shun. It's just absolutely beautiful. It's going to be around 60 years today. Good day to go out and plunge your guts out. This drug mom Britney Spears. Here's the important news. Okay. Forget about her rack and forget about the price of gazz and all all is crap. Then people. Pollution. Forget about all the minor things that are going on. Another we have to re-keep. We have to read him story. See, you'll see you'll down. That's right. This drug mom Britney Spears is fired her nanny. Britney Spears, who of course had that little cameo there in Fahrenheit 9-11. Or she said, she believes we ought to do everything the president says. He trust our president. Oh god. Goes to show you that looking good don't mean there's anything between the ears. And of course, who really cares when he can write down to it. But yeah, good point. It's not what between the ears that counts is what's between the, oh can't say that you're a son, sorry. Can't say legs. The singer way that decision to get rid of the little old Sean Preston's keeper in the wake of the child falling from his high chair. She's got some issues. You're running mama Britney. She's not she's rivaling the kid in the, for an holding the kid behind a steering wheel. Like a dog, you know, that's why he's to do it with timing. No, seriously. When I take him to the vet, you'd have to like hold it in and he would want to steer the animal steering wheel. He wouldn't you take the passenger seat? No, no. You can then hyper little little dogs in case you have an odyssterevery hyper. Now my golden retriever, he would like to get in the back and he would just hang on. I went with that. Uh huh. On the vet. Yeah. Yeah. We're getting the back and just pop himself up in there and that would be it. No problem. But the little dog. Yeah. That's how little dogs are. Good thing that he's dead. Anyway, Britney's been hiding out in depressants who are sons headbunking and sitting in cancel plants to celebrate a rather brand's birthday, the magazine in touch weekly says, well that's one of my favorites. Touch it weekly. She wanted to be a mother and touchy could snap her fingers and be the perfect mom, a pal told the mag. Always a pal. You know, that all these articles like any inquire, a pal says, but Britney is leaning the heart learning the heart with a big good mother, something to work out and guess what she's reported to be pregnant again. She's usually not wasting no time is she. Great. She'll have she'll be driving with one on in the wheel and one on the passenger seat. One on the wheel and one on the probably one on the roof. Britney also reportedly heard a doctor device her and how to keep her taught safe. Well, if she's a real mother, she had a higher doctor than teacher had a like do a little mothering. The doctor advised you not to leave press down any high surfaces where you could roll off. Like don't set them up on top of the refrigerator. Which they also say spares were so impressed with the stage advice that she wanted to have the doctor full time, but he told her that wasn't necessary. Maybe he could be the mother. But apparently, child care is putting additional pressure on her marriage to a spiring rapper, how they Kevin Feeder line. The two guided to a spad over whether to go to his hip hop show with a Vegas club Pure last week. Kevin wanted Britain to stay out that night, but she refused. She wanted to stay at the hotel with the baby because she fell on comfortable leaving him with a manny with friend pressure. So, Brits spent that night in the hotel room while Kevin partied. At her sighting, I'm kind of news that America's just dying for man. They're tugs and down their kneecaps for it. I was waiting for you to read that story. Oh yeah. Britney and her new baby. I've had to go with people. I don't know that. We got, we got Ben Betterford. We got Tom Kitty Cat. We got, well, how come they don't have a name for her? They Kevin Feeder line of Spirors, whatever that is. No, and don't get the media, any idea. Peter Spirors, yeah, that'll come up with one. 721 votes. My God, you almost think we had somebody listing out there. I can't imagine why. Don't forget next Tuesday, 11.30 in the morning. We're going to be saying cottage on QA. For the going out there, that means it's, that's what you had to produce. Are you afraid you say when people die? Cottage? Yeah, cottage. Yiska-davia-ska-dasha-me-ra-boe-e-ve-ska. Because the ratings are going to be coming out Tuesday, 11.30 in the morning. That'll be the final meal of the Kurt Regime's coffin. And then move on to somebody else. Let them give it a shot. 5, 6, 7. Come on, let's get that phone roll on again. I'm under the weather here today. Although I don't sound a do I. No, not really. That's the problem. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not even any more of these sepicals. I'll tell you that. My blood sugar. I've just checked it. It's not good. Not good. These. I think I'll to sue them. Then I could get off of this damn scam and just, uh, go, touch my guts all the time. How would this crap? Sue these sepical people. It says sugar-free, sans sukra. Everything you're asked to be labeled an advised lingual. English and French. You are aware of that. Is that right? That's really annoying. Yeah, the pacified of frogs. What's there, aren't any frogs here in this for not too many? Let me take a look at that blood sugar and see if it's, uh, just took it again. I'm waiting for this thing to percolate. Oh, it's coming down a little bit. Now what do you prick your finger? I'll go right. Yeah. What are you doing? It's like, like, a half you've been doing it for years. See, heck it's such a waste man. You don't even feel it anymore. It's like a little lancid. It's real real sharp. And you don't feel it at all. But some people are real. It's like people don't want to go to the dentist. You know, just do it again. It just felt like a prick. That's all. Why? It says, like, we'll quicken the painless. Sure. Although you do have all these, um, like the tips of your fingers. You've got, like, all these little, um, things on them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, you leave a rise in singular wireless line. Don't forget that big, grab party Saturday, man. I'm not sure everybody in town is making their plans right now. I'm sure they're on their way out there to the, uh, uh, uh, Where's going to be? Hooters. Oh, holders and pepper puns are going to be on their way out there to see the mad dog. And just to, uh, pee all over them. Somebody, QAM, hello. It's Karam. It's Wednesday. W. W. Q. I'm hello. Be quiet, be quiet. No, there. There he is. It's our dinner. All right. We go away like that. He must be a rubber creeper junior. He also speak for the same speed feedback. Or maybe he always winning more tests. W. W. Q. I am. Yes, sir. What do you think about Tony? So. What do you think about him? I think he's a... How do you think about him? Yeah, but it be fettable, but it's right. Yeah, that's exactly what I think. But it be fettable. Go about Tony. Like his real bullet. And it's like, like we hear those press conferences on this stage. Never, every time they're announcing a sports thing like the Pat Riley deal. We know two days in advance that he was going to be the coach again. And right away, oh, well, we better care that press conference. All the time they pull that crap. Like when one stack got canned, remember that one? Oh, how good I forget. They were all over that like stink on Joyce man. Well, the best part is is, you know, they don't let you plenty drops during the press conference. Yeah, because that would be certainly to want to do that. Because that would pollute the integrity of our sports establishment here on QA. You know, we don't want that old bag playing about to nasty like that in there. Or God forbid like any, uh, sound effects while something importants go on. The exception of that was because we don't really care about hockey even though we have the panther franchise. We just assumed you're rid of it. But I remember when Bill Tory had that press conference where he announced he was firing BM and the TM and everybody else. Remember that one? Not really. Well, they let me, uh, they actually let me drop into his stuff on there. Just to piss them off that much more. Boy, those guys are there. And the BM by the way, notice his team one last night, not doing the Jock Marten roll up the, uh, like an accordion of playoffs yet and die like Jack Martin did in Ottawa or beer. Of course, like I said, the Jock Martin doesn't have to worry about his team choking into playoffs this year because the panthers are in the playoffs. Just like to make the leaves, not into playoffs. But that's good to be, uh, you know, kind of a yearly thing. And guess what we got into the mail yesterday again. Oh, we're doing a bill. We already paid the first installment. Plus the playoff ticket money they wanted. Which aren't any playoffs, which supposedly goes to our next year. Now another thing for two or three grand they want for the next season. So it's like the 25th of April, yesterday and they still want more money for the next year. Hey, Alan Cohen, guess what? I know your brother Marty and all I can see you is, uh, you're fair. That's a crap. Man, they just want money and a lot money. And I put in a product out there to like make the playoffs or really put anything out standing on it. Plus new and I can Robert's going to be 90 next year. The two of them. What are they going to do then? Joe, new and I can. Joe, new and I very good. There's there's Josh's thing is talking now. You know, there's what about Robert's. Robert's first name. Bill, Dave, who's with the G? Great. No. Gary, very excellent. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. This man knows his hockey crap. That idea. This is well as anybody else in South Florida. See, that would be a good. I don't know whether I should do a poll on there, just discuss it. What sports franchise least deserves to exist? Like, for example, Kansas City Royals. For Kansas City is such a non-descript place anyway. You know what, though, for baseball, I mean, what are they one year for games? I'll hold their right on their right on the Marlins ass. Yeah, they are, but Marlins have no bit. Even though, you know, the funny part of it is Marlins of one two world championships, and yet they really have no reason to exist. Yeah. I would know. Although, although I have a hundred times, no reason to exist in the Panthers. Well, the devil raised for baseball, or yes, absolutely correct. There's just no business for the. There is no business like slow business, and that's what they got real slow business. The Tampa Bay devil raised. They got a devil at the time, winning in. And they got a bunch of red next over there on a West Coast who made a big Simis about the one that changed the name of the team because devil raised implies devil worship and, you know, why don't we just put six, six and a back of very players uniform. That would be good. I'd like to see that. Wouldn't it be good? That would be put on there. Little armband with six, six, six, six. It piss off all those, uh, kids. He's over there. 11 13 a QA. And it's the Marlin Pregame show. Draw concepts for over 20 years has been doing a fabulous job in my home. And Thinians have other soft flotians. They're the best corporate cleaning company in the universe. And they were might be now that springtime is here. Cleaning your windows and doing a little bit of dusting here and there. A little spotty surface cleaning. Make it the appearance that your home might be clean. But until you deeply know that you're in germ settled deep down in your carpeting. You're furniture and your drape or even in that bedding. It's really pretty schmutzie, isn't it? Draw concepts is offering springtime specials right now to help you with all your spring cleaning and there are as always just a phone call away. Don't forget, draw concepts specialize in a post-recleaning. Ledger cleaning, drape or cleaning or you know rug cleaning. Water damage restoration. Keep that in mind by the next 15 hurricanes. Water damage restoration. Pet odor treatments and mattress cleaning. Give rid of those dust mites and much much more. So don't just half clean your home this spring. Don't do a half-assed job to a super job. By calling dry concepts today. Have your home clean from top to bottom. They always show up on time. They always do a professional job. And give your written guaranteed price upfront. Before they start their unbeatable job. No rip off. No scams. Just a super duper job every time from dry concepts. Call them toll free and date round of the palm. Vt is 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or log in their website, dryconcepts.com. This is New Rugby. This is by 162A. Marlins fans. It's time for the 2006 QA Emmer City's Benz Grant's Lamb & Inconz. If a Marlins player hits a Grant's Lamb in the fifth inning, you'll win a two-year lease of a Mercedes Benz E230 for more information Inconz Winser. Log on to www.doubysuwayand.com. The 2006 Mercedes Benz Grant's Lamb & Inconz S. 4-2056B. 2A Emmer. You might mention my name's Rights Master Gary. 5-60s. W-Guaiam presents How in the world of these people keep their jobs. With way more than. Have all. Did you pay any of our jobs? Have a tell you got people who are not in the 4-Hawayio. And you might have written your salary to come to this floor. It's my imposing physique that keeps my jobs. People are going to buy a meek with I got big mothers. I'm busy swan. I'm liking timbre dating. I have no other work worth acting, but I can save the day people. It's too issuing me a check. No matter how I'm balancing, I sound. Now, all the life that makes and 12 won't. Let me show you how that's worth. What's the thing we do? In Tanya Commandant's piece of the focus. Only other thing that matters most important in life. For it. They won't let talk about Luca or Bombay thing anymore in the body. 4-20. I talk about Facebook, Facebook, Facebook. Wow, what a game. We. What's that? What's that? Yes, Mr. We. Oh, just call me Greg. I'm just a consultant now. Okay, who are they want? I'm going to do an important thing, Terry. And now look, why don't you lean on that call, but. Hmm. So that's who that? Why sure. I'm consulting you. Okay. That's what this very important. Everyone's right. Not that what this game. If we don't find a game in what is right. So they have him on the back of the white thumb quilt. Where men. Which we to see. I don't fly. And they get very, very quiet. I'll tell you a situ. But then they talk about Luca and Swathingdale. Well, I'm going to my pie. Here. Yeah. Huh. Huh. He wanted to do about it. They know that he kicked their ass here. That's what I'm buying. I can tell. Come on. I'm going to the other way through the booth. I can go out. I can go out. I can go out. All right. Nice going. Letty. He demand. Letty Martins. I can't get him and get the other. I think we got a good point. Coming soon. We don't want to get it on that. All here's some good news. Here's some excellent news. Do you want to get it all the way? Or some people say Illinois's because there are a lot of stupid people. California has become a second state in which a proposal and peach president of Bush has been introduced in the state legislature. And this one includes Cheney as well. All right. California Assemblyman Paul Corresse of Los Angeles, where the L.A. times is now called for Cheney's resignation, has submitted amendments to assembly joint resolution number 39, calling for the impeachment of president George W. Bush and vice president Vic Cheney. The amendments for our French section 603 of Jefferson's Manual Rules of the US House of Representatives, which allows federal and people from proceedings to be initiated by a joint resolution of a state legislature. The resolution in the words of Corresse's press release bases the call for impeachment upon the Bush administration intentionally misleading the Congress and the American people regarding the threat from a record order to justify an honest, sorry war that has cost billions of dollars and thousands of lives and casualties, exceeding constitutional authority to wage war by invading Iraq, exceeding constitutional authority by federalizing the national guard. I thought there was no national guard, no right. Concephiring the torture prisoners and violation of the federal torture rack, indicating intent to continue such actions, spying on American citizens and violation of the 1970 at 4A agency surveillance act, leaking and covering up the leak of the identity of Valerie Plain Wilson and holding American citizens without charge or trial. All of these are like that. At both the state and national levels Corretse says we will be paying for the Bush administration's illegal activities and terrible act of judgment and competence for decades, not only in the billions of dollars wasted on the war and welfare for the rich, but in the world by lost of respect for America and Americans. Bush and Cheney must be impeached and we will from office before they undertake even deadlier misdeeds, such as the use of nuclear weapons. There are no bounds to the willingness to ignore the Constitution and world opinion. We can't afford to wait for the next disaster and hope that we can survive. Absolutely correct. I just go on pause. You go, boy. I like that. California. Good arco. Excellent. I just dissent it to you. Back to you better hope I get out here real soon because during, as I'm sitting here, I keep going to be more and more you're going to think George was sending me. Back to George is listening which I'm sure he's not, but if he worked, while you're at home sick, you might as well send the Jackson X Distories. Now he's got that new deal. The audience will be pleased to know that George and Josh are about great new deals, man. Pretty much all signed up now with the new regime. Too bad those guys aren't going to be here much longer, but nevertheless, Tuesday morning at 11.30. I think that could be a day that will live in for me. Let's dig a f.r. up and see what he says about it. A day that will live in for me. May 2nd, 2006. The numbers will be coming out. Oh man can you imagine the green apple crisp that's going to be danced in the halls all Tuesday morning? Not really. No, yeah. Gonna be allowed a screaming and carrying on going on after that. Oh boy. And the best part of the whole deal is I can tell you would be on a shadow about these guys haven't got a clue of how to fix it. They haven't got an idea. Man, that's the best part. You know, I mean if they had like even some semblance, that's why you got 80 hours of guilty this afternoon after that stupid as ball game gets done. It is just shocking. I wouldn't be surprised if some of the people that are running this place now are on the payroll across the street. I'm not making any allegations you understand, but it wouldn't shock the hell out of me. Yeah, and you know who's got to be really laughing up his sleeve right now. Let me give you a clue. Do you think? Yeah. I bet you he's just laughing his ass off. He's still part-time in it in the Yorker doing whatever he's doing. I hope he'd have to find out. Whatever. Not that we really care about him. But but but then. And of course he was, you know, he was what he was. 760 votes, man. We're gonna have like 850 by no sweat for that thousand a day. I like I like this. I'm likely to have a lot of pressure. In addition, which we don't have the luxury that last 50 minutes today, we get touched short. Like I was at birth. What best describes most of the South Florida residents, rain dead 251, a solid 33% Rock solid. Illegals under 15. In fact, late to get rid of audio illegal aliens, we bring in some real decent humans. Average 93 in saying 75, reject 65 by so much negativity. Austria just 48, loser is 43. Fine Americans, there we go. This real positive one, only 38. And A whole 32. What I want is climbing. Just look up there, just look out to you, wonder you'll see the dance of the climbing A holes. They're climbing toward the top. They might have been climbing toward the top of your light pool out there. 560, 5056, they do have a marine doubt, a pre-isinary pod. Each your heart, a heart out, hever hever. And then we got some good stuff here. And quite frankly, I might have my throat. It must be these great, uh, supercalls. But I'm not the eating no more of these. Gotta get that blood sugar down under under 6,000. Go to think that, I think that's false advertising. We put on their sugar free. Well, there's nothing else in it that is setting the blood sugar up. So it's gotta be that. And it did the same thing last night too. See for a call, you were a bunch of liars, whoever makes that. Probably bear or one of those companies makes this crap. Look at on the thing here to see. I'm sure if I wouldn't, we got the box that would tell me who makes this garbage. I'm gonna sue their ass. All you'd like, what? I don't know what you're laughing about. This is serious, but beeswax, man. He's sitting there laughing. See, one of these days, I hate to say this. I hope you avoided one of these days. You're gonna be facing the same music, Mr. And you're gonna say, well, I sure would listen. I wish I would listen to that old fact. He had nobody was talking about from personal sad experience. I take care of myself, man. No, you don't. Yes, I do. I see that picture, man. You're looking a little chunky there. Yeah. See? See? You're looking a little bit chunky to me. You've got to be the owner of the world. Sit down, you're a badass. And they're eating all that free food now for the next 100 years. So that's not going to be any good either. That's just taking, you know, taking advantage of the benefits. Yeah, the perks. WQAM, hello. And congratulations to Josh and Georgie. Yeah. They made a first child be a masculine child. The three guys are definitely great emerging. They knew that part of some women that you just read about the California. He was on your girlfriend, sure. Randy Rhodes just today. Well, yeah. Broward. He broke that. That's a loose. He was hit the bar. Broward. Broward. Yes, sir. He wrote that. That's a good one. Yeah. I don't understand. I don't understandly. So I'm not. He just said. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Of course not. I mean, you think they're going to approve that in California. Arnold will have to be the terminal to go get their ass. Right. But the interesting thing is that Randy brought out Broward was that. She, um, the legislator there's democratically control. They're trying to come up with a nice way of presenting in impeachment resolution. Yeah. The silliest thing in the world. And then evidently, our Congress has to respond to that. So I can hear it. Hello, your breath. I'll let you know when I say or maybe Randy will tell you. Yeah. Next here. Okay. She's good at that. 26 past 11. We got almost 800 votes on the pool. Things are going on. How can you do it? I'm feeling I'm almost two. And you want to know why? Because you're a blood sugar storing. No. And actually my blood sugar is starting to come back down again. Thanks God. No. It's got nothing to do with that. It's got to do with the fact that we got that volume coming up. And it's already 40 eight degrees. That's about to cloud in the sky. It's going to be around 60. And it's 145. I'll be on the door. Wait a minute. It's 40. And it's going to be 60. Right. 59. Okay. Well, it's only 11. 30 in the morning. Don't you understand the way this works? Yeah. This isn't like Florida where it's like already probably like 82 in the highest of the 86 or like that. That's not how it works up north. And you've lived up north. So I don't know what to know. You haven't. Not really. Not really. See, see, see, don't know what it is. Like we'll change the temperature when it's like a nice crisp feel in the air. Like this morning when it was like a nice crisp 32. This is New Rogers. This is 5. 16. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abits by finally home meat fever. This is your brain in a flame. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. I rock this rat. We rock you. Then I ran. Must be the heat and all the sand. It's kind of a fuel. They got some bites. So the way I mean a big heart. Your bigger dichotomy come. Where is the man? Look, I get it. I know we could totally kick their ass. Right? That's right. Because we're vigilant. Tell me. We have a plan. Sure thing. The secret ran is directly responsible for that. Really? Well, they could be. They probably have terrorist dictators. Oh, that's bad. No, that's horrible. And when they don't hand over their weapons, the mass destruction. How do you know they won't? Like a police informant, they put it. Oh, we'll take a man. This is how the last day. Oh, you bet you're sure but I'm coming free. You mean military. Look, someone is Irene. Hey, I'll reset your government. Yeah. I can pray no suicide bomber. Yeah. Don't worry. They're blood-flipping. I'll let it be cooked. Well, what if they really do press the button next thing? You know, it's nuclear winter. We've got the solution in our back pocket. Letting you really want one more. Global warming. Level 32 of you. I am very bad to bullshit the taste. And I've been. Level 32. But it had a small one. 7801 on there. Like I said, it will be way over a hundred by noon. And I guarantee their jump and for joy and a sales department. I think I'll back there jumping for joy high five and a little five. And I got some base force news. By the way. What's that Ricky's not going to play? No, bigger than that. Oh, bigger than that. Canadian Steve Nash headed for the second straight NBA MVP award according to Arizona Republic. Canadian Boy, a Steve Nash. I love it. Although the sad part of it is they just kicked Toronto rappers of the Air Canada Center on Friday. NASCAR 20 points in attendance is that the Phoenix Sun's beat the rappers 140 to 126 are real. Welfan. Canadian Boy, my ass. Go back to Phoenix. You idiot. Anyway, the news paid for setting a league source for the winning. So the Sun's point card will become the tenth player to repeat his MVP. Magic Johnson is currently the only point card to one of your words twice. Did you know that? I did. Well, and now you know what's going to be Steve Nash. Did you know that? This is good. Why is that? I just like it when the white guy went to the MVP in the end. That was one of the most racially charged comments I ever heard in Michael Baker. Come on. How many white guys were in the last year? It's great. Just because it's a dark guy sport. That would be how much of Jerome McGinlow won the MVP in the heart trophy in the NHL. What? I don't know who that is. I know Peter Warren is a black player for the well. Peter well. I could have win any trophies. I don't think he's in the league no more. I could be wrong. But I'm pretty sure he's not. Jerome McGinlow's a superstar. 50 goals score for the Calgary flames. Same thing. Right. You better know your hockey mister because once you get past you'll know when that can. What's his name, Roberts? You're not too solid. I know my panthers man. You know you don't. You know, we're going to roll a bomb. Dave, you're going to master. How you said? Bowl master? Bowl mister? Bowl mister? You better know your hockey mister. Who? Only? Only. Only. Only yoke in it. Very good. Wow. Okay. Of course for a boy to. And I come on now. And I know the panthers. And. And the public said the effect. You probably know as many of Ms. I do. How about voice tech? Whatever his name is. I don't know. Who? What's your foreners? The republic said the official announcement may not come for two weeks. But the votes have been tagged. And just kidding, the boy's scheme. That's the MAP. If we're going to get him out. We're going to get him. He's small potatoes with a big head. How come he ain't going to get it? Huh? He's a. Black in produce. Oh, God. Well, you don't want to say you want to see a white guy get it. I said it's nice to see a white guy get it. And that would he just said George. George is not at his head at home. Marine Dowd writes a Prius in every pot. You see the heat fans. I think just because they'd be enough on a girl's team. The bowls. Yeah, you know. They feel pretty confident right about now. Yeah, they're real cocky right now. Just wait till they get there. We're good to the good team. Boy, I tell you one thing. I don't know anything about it. Everybody is saying, hey, the pistons would kick their ass from here. All the way to what was constant. Definitely. Not even a contest. So you can give you give me all that BS about pack right and pack right and slip haircut and all that other crap. You know, what's that kind of do with any icy sleeve? Anyway. What is that icy sleeve? Is that for like maybe I should put that on my shoulder. You think the icy sleeve or you would pain? No, not actually. Well, from this radio station, yes. Fact one job when the Clara Bell was in yesterday morning that should have been my comment. Because it is true. Even I could still lose a little more weight. I'm 180, 9 this morning. It's not too bad for me. I still got about 29 pounds I'd like to lose or maybe close to. Not turning man. But that's not too bad for me. Another net. Everything is just a hunky door. Man, there's only one negative in my life. And you know what it is. I'm going to go ahead and guess QAM. That's a good guess. 790 votes. What best describes most of the South Florida residents. In fact, if I will guarantee, I'm going to beat you my life out of right now. That if I had to still be there, this is the only thing I've said of when he left the station. I'll say it again. The only thing I think Greg read for is having a build this studio right here. Because if I still have what had to be down there, I'd be there in a box. You're entaid. And you'd be over there at Power 96 with all those losers over there. Yeah. And there are no white people over there anymore. Now the kid Kurt got kicked out. They're all Spanish. Are they really? Yeah. Like who? What? What many names? Yeah. Give me a couple of names. Who's it, Power 96? I'm a little bit. He's a little bit. What happened to that guy in the morning that got canned? Who, Albe Silk? Albe Silk? What happened? What happened with him? Um, I guess he just wasn't cutting it. He wasn't cutting it? Nope. Find enough? 790 votes. 390 votes. That's the correct answer. Very good job. All you people in the audience have voted on our poll on theorodures.com. Excellent job. Brain dead. 256. As in Q56. It leagles 120. Aberde 97. I guess I got another good one. Yeah. Schmidt. Yeah. Without the M. Yeah. I think that's, huh? Is that like a little too harsh? Is that over the top? It's okay. Oh, is it okay to put it on it? Aberde 97. In 175, reject 65, ostrich is 50. A whole 48. It's climbed a free spot. The climbing A whole's man are up that ladder. They're moving their climb and they're going to hop over the ostriches like they're lay. We got their head and sand. Losers 44 and fine Americans. Slementate trait didn't end away. 39. Trait an ove. Italiano. They're interesting. All of the Spanish and the Italian numbers are so similar. Isn't that interesting? Not really. But, well, the languages are very similar. Yes, they are. Now French are the other hand. It's like more than a row. They're like that. Because they're obnoxious. They always speak like that. Yeah. A lot of that. Yeah. A lot of that. Yeah. Oh, boy. I'm oriental, right? A pre-isit every pot. It's taken over five years. But George W. Boge finally made a concession speech to Al Gore. He considered that American needs to conserve by buying hybrid vehicles and developing new energy sources. Trying to count the gifts in his party in the country over exploding gasoline prices. Thank you by the way. Very much Mr. President again for those little gas prices. The president sounded like a bit like a wild-eyed ozone man himself. He asked the ex-doll and the virtues of alternative fuel to ride from cooking, grease, sugar, grass, wood chips, soy meat, oil, and corn. But then he got a hold of himself. He just got a recognized there. As there are a lot of so much corn can be used for ethanol. He said standing in front of a few college mural after all we got to eat some. You could run a fleet of SUVs on a gas that W was skewing about fuel. Bill Clinton would have been more likely to crack down on fast food than W and Dick Cheney would be to crack down on big oil. Even the usually supportive Wall Street Journal at the Turill page, chastised with Republicans for putting on Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi fight wings to shout about corporate greed and market manipulation. W's big move was to ever so slightly beef up a federal investigation to oil company. Pricedman's population has been under way since Katrina. It's a great idea to submit an democratic leader senator Harry Reid, so glad that we passed the law last year calling for it. Pricedman's population would explain the marginal by gas went from say 270 to 290, but not by gas went from 140 to 270. That's more about fundamental forces, Chinese and Indian demand, markets stooped by Iran's threats, Nigerians on rest, Venezuela's talk and nationalizing its oil industry. Topsets of Galilee in Venezuela. And the Pentagon's bug ring of the restoration of arrest infrastructure, so we can't hook up that tube. Gasoline prices may be hurting average folks, but the Oilers who help put the boy king and Duke of Alabama in office for the lavish donations are in drug and record profits in breathtaking bonuses. How about those Oilers they meet to you at an overtime again last night? The Oilmen and the Oval incompetent in so many ways have greatly achieved one of their main objectives, boasting the fortunes of the Oil industry and the people are running. All those secret meetings of us per her head back in 2001, letting the energy and oil big shots help by our energy policy, letting that urge more oil and gas to willing work like a charm. In all there is in government, Mr. Chetney and the Bushes have never done anything to hold the oil companies feed to the fire or get Americans feed off the gas pedal. As representative James Clyburn, Democrat of South Carolina, the Republicans are the party with a key to the executive washrooms of Halibut and Nixon and the big oil corporations. Recently Raymond, originally retired as chairman and chief executive at Besson, recently we learned about his stunning secret compensation. He got more than $686 million from 1993 to 2005, according to a time story, which calculated that's 144,000 plus for each day he spent leading assounds. God pod is the executive switch the company's headquarters in Erick Texas is known. 144 granted they even not make a that. Even Josh Don't have any new contract. Only oil bearer it was in cashing in these days is sadum. We pulled up to the pump and bag that we've pumped down 10 billion a month and were not still like any any gas out of it. Instead of easing our oil dependence and pay for luxury construction, the bumbleed invasion and subsequent nuclear sparring with Iran have left even Republicans looking for preasces. The last time WB began ringing. ringing his hands about our addiction to oil and the state of the Union dress. The vice president was dismissive about the notion of sacrifice afterward. And the energy secretary clarified the president's words saying they shouldn't be taken literally and that the idea of replacing Middle East oil imports with alternative fuels was purely an example. Even if WB shows up on TV in a great cartigan, it's patently preposterous for the Republicans to make this argument. After selling us on the idea that's our manifest destiny to get into giant cars and go to giant walmarts and giant targets and form by more giant bags of stuff. Now they're telling us to squeeze the tiny electric cars and compete for precious riffs of oil with the Chinese Indians who are swimming enough of our dollars to afford cars. The US could have been developing alternative fuels 30 years ago. About 30 man. The titty hadn't helped settle on ambitious time in the Ford administration. By the time these guys get gas from cooking grease, global warming will have us cooked. That's your girlfriend, Marine Dada, the day night's going Marine, a preasce and every pot. And you'd even have to pay for it, how do you like that? Level 42 a QAL. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Fireland. Who the hell are the violence? One drive in a got a filled my ass to thee. Time and time, a day day day. Third oil, supplies they will over three weeks when it's another war. We have to pay yes. Now there's a hunger in the Ford state. I know cheap fuel for hell, but I'm saying it. Come on, let's know fair. What we got a fair date, come on, let's matter. Go after food and aid. Can't they get any higher? Fireland. Fireland. Go on, drive. Gorgeous out to sit today by the way, he would be here doing a show today. We're on a positive side of that except for the fact he's sick, because I'm a little alone. You know something if I would have not done it today, I would feel really bad about that. I feel guilty. Yeah, you would have. Because that'd be out there, a pleasure, my guess I already had already been down about, you know, 1500, 2000. Third tea, del Luna QA, and we got the Marlon Pregame show, 145 Marlon's and the Cubs. That's the third and final game. Marlon's trying to salvage one game. Just one. Just one time. Can they win it? No, probably not. Marlon said the Cubs had two twenty-felted by hours and hours and hours and hours. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the guilty. All the time. You get them off from to the field. Now Friday we got, let me take over the schedule. Gully. Yeah. Oh. What did I tell you? I don't want to be an I Tony, so kind of guy, but I told you so. What's his boyfriend's took over that the trick of little children, and of course, our new General Mangler Claribel. He kind of sits back on the full. We want to lock you up for the rest of your life, Neil. And look at the great job we're doing getting all Josh and George St. Paul. Man, he is just pathetic. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty in the variety and secular wireless lines. You could not be over the feather. If you would ever told me before this all happened, that somebody would come into replacing Gregory that would make regular look like a rocket scientist. I want to say to you, you've got to be a stiff and glue man. You've got to be crazy. Course I shouldn't say that. I want to put you on a spot because you're right. You're at a very critical stage of your hot negotiation there. That's right. Yeah. So the less did the better. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil, I'm worried today. Great. I'm talking about four cents a gallon per fuel. How's your weather? I was there once Caracas I couldn't wait to get out of there. Was there one day? I've been there multiple times. One of the things that I love about the way the fuel works other than it's really cheap is gasoline is the same everywhere. There isn't no competition in the price of fuel. Somebody may charge more and there's a little grocery store for a candy mark. No matter where you go the longest fuel must be the same everywhere. Yeah. I would have to think to you, go Chavez if they'd mess around now. Even if like 13 cents, that's the end of them. Oh, we're waiting. Okay. Oh, he's waiting for you. I think he must have understood, but nevertheless, maybe I was Pat Robertson Come, we're waiting to take out Hugo Chavez. Don't go to Venezuela. Don't listen to that last guy. Do not go there, man. It's just teeming with the mostly slippers. Crime? Oh, I don't want to go to the whole store again. Just I was in Caracas that one time. I thought it was going to be really pleasant. And I expected something totally different. And to drive from the airport to the city, you go through a lot of spontaneous man through all these winding mountains and zillions and zillions of these huts. They've all got like a 10-root touch with like a TV antenna on top. Oh, yeah. And they all look the same and it's all these slippers in there. And at night time, a lot of these desparados, they've been sent out into the city and just rob and rape and loot and plunder and not good. Yeah. I mean, I know a friend who knew a woman who went down there and was sitting in the cab, just like you were at her hand out the window. A guy came by and a bite cut her finger off took the ring. Right, there you go. So I did do it. And a finger no less. Oh, yeah. Maybe that's the finger that showed up in that show you when he's that time. That could be it. I think he just might have answered that dilemma. Oh, I'll let that turn out to be a scam, remember that? Yeah. That was a scam. Some bits that was running around, so when everybody inside, I can't think there's anything I can't stand is people looking for a suit and unless it's seep a call, though. I forgot to look at a box and see who makes this crap. WKOM. Hello. Hi. Hello. I think it has really helped my sore throat, though, remarkably. So, you know, either your blood shirt goes up. If one thing doesn't hit you, something else will get you right. Right. Can't have nothing's perfect. WKOM. K-O-A-M-Hello. Oh, run, hold. Something. We're not getting ready here. Yeah. WKOM. Hello. Yeah. Nail. Yes, sir. There's a scene in Gotton in part three where Mary is holding up a picture of Appalonia. And it looks like she's comparing and contracting. It's K as her mother or Appalonia as her mother. Really? She's calling me the other day that Mary was a K's mother. So, what she's doing? She's not Mary, but not K's mother. She's K's daughter. That is correct. Yeah, K's daughter. What was that look on her face? Why she was comparing and contracting her look? The look on her face was she just got shot where she said, D-D-D-D-D-D. And we're just thinking, oh, why could you then at me, my sooner, honey? This guy's trying like, I don't get how many. Take over. Get any of your wap. Freeze. Go and buy some. I don't know what more. See, if you want to believe that, that's fine. Okay. And I was, I don't know why you asked me the question. If you already have made up your mind, it's he was Appalonia's daughter, but she was not. Michael, I two children, both by K, now the one the bastard son. That was the son he saw. That was Andy Garcia Vincent. Yep. He was the bastard son, but at the very ugly, Guidoette, that was the son he was banging up against the door right there. Remember the scene at the wedding and some of his wife, she's talking to the other women there and she's doing the thing with her hands. Yeah. Remember that? She wasn't talking about how big the wedding cake was either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, yeah. I think she was making some more in Bady reference there. WQAM, hello. I think George has come. Okay, good. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I got it, though. I was listening to your little pitch, and I'm a little bit worried about the impeachment. For most of the state states. Yes. And just as I was pulling that out of the intersection up here in people fall me, coming heading into a broader and that. I saw this bumper sticker, but it was, I don't know, I mean, I got it's rear window and it's the classic of the week so far. It read, I'd rather hunt with Dick than ride with Ted. I thought he could have charged out of that. That's good. Yeah. Okay, what's next, Colle? You were going to get this. Bottom's up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It's the doggy psychologist on CNN. See, this is what we get. There's a poor old golden man. Looks like about 100 years old, and they got the doggy psychologist. They're trying to straighten his ass out. I should have a doggy shrink for a tiny, you know, try it a little bit. More stools dogs are crazy. Do you know that? Do you have a dog? Yes, I do. Now what kind of a dog is it? A pit bull. No, I said you have a dog. I'll feed you. I'll feed you. I'll feed you. I'll feed you. Yes, sir. I'll just, you know, they put this guy in Tony's snow. I get the rear-wrains and the rear-wrains of the chairs on the Titanic. This guy's been critical of Bush. Yeah, I know he's doing it. Yeah, this is a story that I sent to the BNR website to where he called him. Everything incompetent, everything out of the sun. I mean, you just know that they're going to be dragging all of those quotes on. I mean, you know, the fact that he's going to be a dog. I mean, you know, the fact that he's going to be a dog. I mean, the fact that he's going to be a dog. Yeah, I mean, but what do they think the Tony's snow is going to be able to take care of the washing can present? If we're going to say, is anybody can give a big snow job? He's a guy. Well, he is, but I mean, it's going to be a lie after lying. He's going to be smiling. I mean, it's a joke. I mean, I hope that they really re-entone snow a new ass. Hey, man. Hey, man. Yeah, maybe they can bring weed across the author and she can whisper some questions at the news conference. Mr. Stowley. You see, I don't know why we need to be single luck. Because we got guilty and many of our 10's all these other squeaky people on the air. We don't belong on the air. I mean, if it's good enough for MSNBC with all of general electrosmonies, if that's the best thing to put on the air, why should we expect a bullet like real broad broad cast is on, huh? Maybe that's where they're getting their ideas. I think it was a bad idea to put Schmidt on there. I think the people feel that would a little too far. No, so there's never any note, no Schmidt. There was just too low of a shot even for this show, which we ordinarily, you know, we can go as low as you want. Oh, look at that. Look at that. Look, now there was a little men pinned. Did you see that? Yeah, you know what? Did you see that little men pinned? Yeah. They're really cute. You don't want one, don't believe me. Oh, look at that little puppy. There, there you go. It is like a doxon, which by the way, to your terrible comment to my dog. But I've owned multiple retriever. Not a terrible comment. I hope retrievers. That's a dog. Anybody unless you've got a small place. You've got like a small apartment. You don't want them to too big. Right. I can't have one now. But the golden retrievers are almost like another human. Great dogs. I've also had two doxons. So, never hand one of those. I don't know. It kind of like straight. One of them really good. The other one is, you know. That's a good. You killed it. No, it was just fine. But 825 vote. It's always a sad day when you got to put the dog to sleep. You know, but then as the months go by, you realize boy, all the freedom you've got. What best describes multiple is sad for that was a terrible thing to say. I do want to apologize for that. That was a bad thing. You know, you like Steve Nash, wouldn't he, NBA, MVP? No, you're the one that said that that you're glad he won't. Because he's a white guy. You said that. Yeah, I glad to see a white guy win. Isn't that what you said? Well, that's nasty. What was it? This is a make what the color of his skin is. How about if the best player wins? Right. Bird. Larry Bird was white. And I think he was disgusting. You know, he didn't got it. Oh, he was good looking. No, I'm not just talking about good looking. Just a whole ambiance. I mean, he's just a, a yay who, free good about good looking. He just looks like Big Bird. So you know how many good looking seven foot tall guys are there anyway? You know, they're freaks. Right. Of course, except for a, well, that's another story. He's, he's, I see, he got the icy sleeve. He's got something up his sleeve. 825 votes. That's kind of like Joe name is who could really play. Well, why is it, most of these, most of these dogs can't speak. What is that? He's got a, a first rat for it. He can speak. Hmm. Rained it. 262 South Floridaans illegal to 126 average 98, you know, kind of like middle of the road. In saying 77, reject 67, a whole 61. The latter is ready to fall over this kind of stuff so fast. Even Spider-Man never climbed up the set of a building that fast. After just 50, losers 40 for and fine Americans 40, no Schmidt. How to be 25, no Schmidt. Hey, no Schmidt, how do you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompatopark racing and poker has got all the gang reaction looking for. It will also feature Simon Casting of the Kentucky Derby next Saturday, May 6th. You don't have to waste any extra gas. You'd rather be further than you have to in order to watch and wait your run. The run for the roses. Pompatopark will feature early bird wagering on Kentucky Derby Friday, May 5th, starting at noon. And then on Saturday, May 6th, you can watch and tudge your lungs out of Kentucky Derby. Plus the last two races from Churchill down. Come to be part of the crowd as they root home the winner, the first leg of the triple crown. Pompatopark will also have free pass for a performance pages as for the Derby field. Located just a half mile from the, on 85 in the turn five, Pompatopark is easy to get to. And best of all, y'all offers you free admission, free general parking everyday if you're live. Live harness racing in the great smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon like in two minutes today goes under midnight. At live racing gets underway nightly at 725 in a PM Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight. And don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays like tonight. That's when draft beer soda half dollars in lots more just a bucket piece starting at six in the PM. Don't forget a week from this Saturday next Saturday, May 6th, Washington, Plunge on the Kentucky Derby at Pompatopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the curracing schedule line 549722, 2000 or go on the web at pompatopark.com and don't forget to even industry after making a nickel in Detroit. Now this is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. The more harder day, and this portion of the Neil Rogers in the 12th of an hour is brought to you by the 1112. What do people like to celebrate my 1112? So like is a pizza. Oh for me! Just to young new moments, ever leaning no home, a ride, a piece of feeding a strip of gotten trouble with a zone, now they wish they were home, watch an occurment, I enter hills. We'll prove their innocence now, we'll be the worst probably we'll. Take it their way, it's through the court from now. They had a little more fun than the campus allowed, though, just to young new boys from the duplicate team. Oh yeah, I'm all over that straight man, like stick on Grace Matalia, so I'm just all over it. 560, but I get these phones cranked up again, man, because I don't have like a real huge pile that I want to like sit through here today. I want to give my throat agitated, now that that's difficult, it's such a fine job of like soothing my a controlled my shoulder to hold you. Feel like a new man, feel like I'm going to go out there when like 50 grand a day, so that new way to achieve a must be out, how that it's a sheme HD player? That's right, BBD player, so you're hoping to win full hundred and 50, at least, no, no, that's only for a start. I mean, if I only won 450, I don't leave it 450, it's not even worth it, you know. That pays for a little more than camp here, you know, about three times camp here four times. Forget about that, that's just for starters, that's just to start playing with our money a little bit, then you hit the 3000 line then you run out the door. They put the money in your hand, you say thank you very much, you give me 20 and you run out the door. And I'm sure that you're going to be tipping the attendance when they start playing ours. Oh yeah, pots, that's right. Just keep that in mind, I had somebody other day with somebody, oh, I don't know, would never tip the attendance, and say, what if what tells wrong with you, they're going to look at your asset there for like hours, not job. Some people just don't know that I should write a book on casino on gambling etiquette, wouldn't that be good? You wouldn't have to, what? I said you would know. Yeah, I'm racing, no etiquette. Get all you back to it's ready for this summer when they finally open up those damn slots. Finally, somebody QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Just like you thought, I'd like to know that gas prices were as low as 245 a gallon in Jersey, like two weeks ago. I went up to Hershey PAN, I went to through Jersey to go to Hershey PAN. What do you have, yeah? And I got to tell you PAN is gorgeous, especially Hershey Town on a free chocolate, but it's very, very nice there. Anyway, that's... Yeah, 5605, 505, 60. I knew that. I told you it's going up to Hershey Highway and PAN 560 degrees in singular wireless line. WKOM, hello. I sure do, it's fine, fine. Okay, good, we don't care. Not interested. Just tell us when the next pro's action comes in, okay? Go for them all over there, and we got one Schmidt, look at that. One person voted for that. Somebody really even more caustic in the skeptical and nasty than we are. I don't want to put that on here, but you insisted. 844, we got an hour and 40 minutes. Look at that, thousand real easy, right? Not even contest today. Still waiting for this phone, we're split here, they'll all tell you that. Don't forget the senator that NFL Draft Party at Hooters in the Pemberg Pines, 10 to 5 sponsored by HoneyCan. I'm not doing line 9, okay? You do line 9. Well, okay. I just want to make sure these other ones are still functioning, because after what we had the other day, you could never be too sure. Thanks to Bell South by the way, thanks to that fabulous job, welcome to me back from vacation Monday. That was a beautiful thing. With phones ring like crazy, but we couldn't see where we're ringing and what they were dingin and what was going on because Bell South sucks. They may not be good, at least they're consistent. One thing about the utilities in South Florida, Florida, Florida, plunder with loot, there's another one for you. Got their hands in both your pockets, and they're sticking their foot right and back to them, that's it as far as they can. WQAM Hello. Needle the John Ballman socks. Yeah, I'm good. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. New iron. Yeah, let's try line 9, more rather QAM. Yeah, huh? How did we know, huh? Sound like he was a little bit of pain today too, that was Eddie Jr. WQAM. Yeah, he's got up his sleeve. Well, I'll tell you one thing, if I'm going to depend on these colors today to be on me out till 145, forget about it. They really suck. Very, very slow down to dribs and drives. Now, this is what happens when you spoil the audience and you're seeing and you're spoony feed them and read all this crap day after day. I'm not going to do it. Not today. I throw this feeling much better now. I feel right in that pull and put it at button move, you know. Not going to let these people move me off my appointed grounds. 847, you're ran out of pull 847. We'll have that thousand before you can say Joe Bell's a goofball. Say it though. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, hello. Yeah, I'm probably a god dog. WQAM Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Now, with Michael in the god father, he very not the only a, he got blown up in the car. So, he couldn't have had a kid because she got drove a few days after they got married. Right. There was no baby and she got blown up. Of course, we've mentioned that yesterday, but this guy still wants to insist that somehow she was Mary's mother, even though she was dead and she was never pregnant in the first place. Maybe it was an immaculate contraception or maybe to got a call to just an embassy if it's possible. But one other question, when he moved over there, he had the black guy from a costume. So, when he proposed that black guy, he already did it to the key. He was pretty busy with his canole there. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. And don't forget. Please, I got, take the canole. Don't you talk about the black guy? Well, the black guy was in the godfather. I missed the movie he saw. I don't know. There actually isn't any. No, there are no black people. That's why Josh liked it so much. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, I bet you Steve Nash is in it though. What do you think? In fact, maybe that was an old Nash rambler that she was driving when it blew up, but I'm being like that. Remember? Yeah, you driving alone boss, you going to law you driving now. Sunday, Saturday, Monday, that'll teach her to scrub the days of the week. WQAM, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing? You're doing like it all the time. You're trying to go to the river. It's just out there. No, okay, good. Somebody QAM, hello. Tom Gustav's son. Ha ha ha, alright, lives. WQAM, hello. No, I challenge you to find true happiness. WQAM, hello. Hey, you don't have a spot man back to the pivot spot. Hey, don't you? Okay. Good. It didn't say the black guy. He said that Michael had a black eye. He threw at the black eye. He said he had a black eye. He said he had a black eye. He's what he said. No, no, no, no, he had a black eye. You know what the black eye. Oh, right. What do you say brown in Spanish? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six. I don't even have any idea. I say brown. Other mentioned Spanish. You trying to think. You're supposed to be. Now let me ask you something. You just see Agro. I noticed at the end of the show yesterday. George played at the Celia Scotty Maccrap. Right. Uno dos traced. Whatever that crap. And this and just the Agro comes on quadro. I think go say what I've cram. What is he trying to tell us? Well, that's good actually. What is he like people responding to our drop? No, I understand it. I'm not even though they let us play the whole drop. That wasn't the whole drop. We got cut off. But hey. Why is that? All right. I got to tell you right now. I don't know where the hell it is. I know what's it. Oh, here it is. It's under smack. It's like. I touched her dad. Yeah. Oh. You're not yours. Good. George Rodriguez. No good. On another span. Especially on. Thanks honey. Okay. Everyone's we hit all these in here. Look at this. Scotty Mac. My God. Oh yeah. That feels great. Oh, brother. You never met Scotty Mac and boy. You were lucky. Talking about a silly person. You know, somebody's people like college kids who like the negative to be like 35 and they're still like college kids. And they do silly pranks. They're like overgrown children. You know, I can't kind of like what we got there running away. You're saying, kind of like that. That's got to me. Twelve minutes passed no to QA and we got Marlon Gim and then we got guilty for 48 solid hours. Good. But that's the reason you're trying to do this. Because maybe you should think a lot of you. All the slime all the time. Hello. I'm Naomi Campbell. God bless. What makes it? I'm a kid. Originally we've come under our scrutiny for using our silly or phones as weapons. This is how mustn't do about a hand do. You can't do this. Isn't ridiculous. Good on these people coming up and trying to interrupt me when I'm just me ladies. What are you doing? You don't see me recording it tonight. You're playing. You don't understand. Are you the one that stole my jeez? That's the one that took you all games. Go out. What would I be doing with a woman's fair jeez? Get it. I think he stands. I think we killed him. But he can take you all jeans. And he didn't make fun of your hair. There's a muster do about a hand do. That's what I was saying. This is what the phone should be you for. That's just for dying. Text message in. Or incident use. But for opening up people's hands. Not can call. Not. Humiliated. You don't. Oh, I see you have so full. I'm knocking too. Okay. Give me huge rice cake. Those are your. I'd like to make the call. Like for a report. Let's give him our sales. Let's give him. Let's give him. Another example of great setting a phone use. Just a much of new one. But I can't. What should we do now? Call me. What's going on? I'll tell you what now. Let's go to my office. That has some profit. It's too many ladies. What? I need to see some of my deep. I'm that advocate. No, you know who I am. I want to miss the elderly. And you never will. I am on super motor. I'm a couple. That's so one mile. I still need to see your ID. I got my whole right here. I'll get you my friend. Thank you very much. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're a beautiful girl. People are by the committee to make cell phones legal weapons. Come 18 to QM. Here's a sensational. A funny thanks from Matt and South Beach supposedly. Guess what, Matt? My numbers are still sensational. And number two, the idea that Miami is the most dynamic city in the world. You must not get in the house too much. Okay, must just strictly enter on South Beach. I got those. What? I was going to say I got something else sensational. What's that? How you say brown and Spanish? How's that? You're not going to believe me. Maroval? What? Marron? Marron? Is that like Maracone? No. Like Buna. Well, Marron? Marron? Marron? I mean, uh, don't start an idea. I can't start a corner. Anyway, Matt would a costico. I'm glad your ratings are going on the tube. Unless people are being your obsolete swivel. You're out of touch. Your mama, mama, me. But we'll get on doing this. Fine. Okay. And this idea, if you're happy with what Miami is in downtown and uptown and all the South Africa stay there, Matt. It's a perfect place for you. Okay. I got another one for the pull by the way we didn't put on. I wish we would zoom up their hostile. Yeah, hostile. See, if it was only me, Matt, I say, well, I'm just a malcontent. I don't like this, but I mean, but it would, but it's not just me. In fact, most most people that I know basically say the same thing. But then that's okay. You'd like enjoy it, Matt. In fact, you'll be the only one on it, Metro mover. Just like on the Metro fail. You'll be on it, right, and that one. Right, and that's a high allele. The name right, I'm not going to waste my time with this thing about. In fact, this is probably from across the street. It's what it looks like to me. Oh, yeah, everybody is recording the people on the ticket. And 790 this, but I'm going to be put it up throughout. Well, big deal. So, in fact, me, can I have a new with this show? Here's one. It says the Holy Land experience biblical theme park near Orlando. Won't have to be property taxed at a real pass today by the house. Park officials describe the five-year-old Holy Land experience as worthy of a Bible-based history museum and a religious, and by the way, I notice Matt still listening to. And it religious education visitors can enter a replica of Jesus tomb or C. Jesus Heal of Blondman climb the stairs of a fake harrod's temple and traveled on a recreation of Via de la Rosa. The park has been a battle with tax officials in Orange County. Of whether it's required to pay local taxes, but the bill is meant to clarify that the nonprofit park is exempt from local property taxes as well. Bill passed a house 93 to 25 still needs Senator approval in your Yahoo of state. Martin and Kate Kroll see all the taxes just came in because they didn't bother putting anybody else in their assuming it's his one person can do all this. Now the judge is out six today. So obviously Josh during a break to set a governor in the middle of the whole pile of taxes. No, including that love tax or Matt, who not only is listening today, but obviously we're talking about Europe a lot of beat but a boot. Yeah, quote everything I say on a show, but I'm out of touch and ratings around the tube and I'm about feeding a bunch of soil and obsolete and all this other stuff. So I'd be like the show, Matt. Martin and Kate Kroll says I can't listen to your show daily, maybe twice a week. So I know if you already mentioned the new movie coming out May 24th and in Ken Viniad truth. Starring Al Gore, it's about global warring and effect on the earth. That should be pretty said, lady, and we'll be starring Al Gore. People can take to see movie on opening weekend. I do check articles on your website daily, though great articles linked to a movie trailer, climate crisis.net. His Martin and Kate Kroll. His John and this is John from McCombie South Carolina. This is put that on anymore because you know, is retired that. Otherwise, movie without Gore might, I might fall asleep quicker than network. I would imagine so. Annel, he says. Well, we can say that in the garden where we're pull. We certainly can't say that in the garden anything else, but we can say it on the pull. You've got it. Okay. Also, please add nasty to the full somebody says. And now I have no idea what this facts is. Where did this come from? Larry, can you get an office or a cell number for this George? Did you see this? No. Maybe you didn't see it. Where did I come from? You sent it to me. Oh, I didn't. You didn't. Trust me. I said. George is handwriting and it's got to be a. Why? There you are. By the way, some. This board doesn't work. What are you talking about? Miguel isn't there. He got into eat lunch and he's sent you those facts. And the board in there is not working correctly. He can't hear you. So what do I do? Why do I do you hear me? You're not. You're just in there eating lunch. Well, George might have some technical issues. That's all he's saying tomorrow. Honestly. Well, a little bit that'll take all the fun out of it. We've correct that today. This is true. That's the QMF. And that's a math and math and math. And so basically, to the end, special to me, I'm sure he hears. Our technical screwups. Matt loves it. Even though, of course, all the sports people over there at 7. I do the take. We'll find out about that next Tuesday. We'll see if they can crack a one. If they can crack a two share any time during your sports numbers, we know they're not going to crack a two in midday. We know that. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, there's still still sucking wind. Okay. Steve says, pull suggestion, which TV characters could ever be played by only one person. Examples. Columbo, Peter Falk, or she bulk her Carol O'Connor, Paramation Raymond Ver. I don't, I mean, I appreciate Steve making a never-forced, but not like a little ridiculous. That's beyond ridiculous. Yeah, because whoever plays characters like the ones he's talking about, I mean, any, you know, right? Yeah. Not just anybody can play. Who else could have played the funds, right? I mean, I just, thanks Steve, but don't do that again. Hey. Yeah. There was one black eye in the guy, father. He was cartoons have remember, cartoon. I'm not going to raise him though. I'm going to put him out to stud and then put his head in my bed. Cartoons have written his name was, is this though? I'm supposed to know that. I may be a godfather of fame, but I'm not a crazy person yet. He says, I know the answer. Jack Waltz says to him, thanks blank his name. Long time was me, Larry, the appraiser. Well, thanks, Larry, but you could have told us, because the way the trend of insurance and purgatory, that I would know the answer to that, do you? Of course not. No. Not going to raise him. We're going to put him out to cartoom. Cartoom and he's like, and then he says, I don't get how many day go get any walk, free, small, good boys come out of the wood, what exactly? And then he also said, Well, let me tell you something, my crock, McFran. Where's the one where he says he never gets, oh, I don't know. That's not it. That's not worth it. Okay, thanks, Larry. You're a praiser. So the board there isn't working right. What are you, novelty? Not saying I want the next error bill. He's got that place running like our clock. Like big Ben. 887. We need 113 votes in our 25 minutes. That should be easy, shouldn't it? Give to that thousand by 12 by, oh, is it 1245? I'm going to get that music crank, if we're going to have a game of 1245. Now, we're going to shove an else today. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm thinking we ought to, you know, borrow us on deck at 145, because it's in Chicago time, so there's one 20 game is 220 hour time in that with these sucks. I mean, 15 minutes, I'm not going to, I'm not going to look at gift Ha's in the mouth even if it is cartoon, but that's not much of a big deal. Now, like some kind of big bargain. Yo, you get off early tomorrow, 15 minutes. Woo! Ha's down, low votes for Ha's dial yet. I'm surprised I said that won't go zooming up there. 567 even Ha's dial faxes from people who are listening. Let's see, that's the best part. I hate you. I'm listening, I heard you say this, you have a name, and in last Monday you said this, but I mean, but I would put it down like that. By the way, I have a question, because you said, where it out reminded me of a hostile, do you know, because it came up to Hostels, you have your own room, and you share a bathroom, or is it just a bunch of beds? So you're talking about that different kind of hostile, like a USTED, the NSTM all over Europe, especially in Amsterdam, and places like that, where a lot of young Tongs go, you know, back packing. Now, what's the deal with those? I would know, I have been inside of a hostile, I'm just scared of maybe you would know. No, I would not know. I know there's a Zidin, I'm why you're playing on the state of Mom, you got to Amsterdam? That's probably the only way. I would have thought that now it would all have a big busty guy, you'd say, like, at the Grand Crescent Polskier, one of those five star hotels, which aren't all that great anyway, but they're okay. But you want to stay at some youth hostile for like about three bucks a day or something like that? Probably, yeah. You know, actually charged for the roaches. In fact, you're probably fine, Zidin's a miniaturase. Now you like it there. I think George Rd. Not he's got that new contract. You ought to like write your check. All right. To hop on a plane, send you over there like coach class. And record, strap you up. We'll strap you up against the tent of the railway. I'll stand. I'll stand. No big deal. Yeah. We'll strap your ass up on the inside of cabin. Or maybe in cargo. And then once you get there, you'll have a whale of a time. You're entied, can't look. Anybody can't have a good time there. I'm really burned out on that place. You know, I just, I really am. But if you can't have a good time there, then you're like dead. Or maybe you're brain dead, like sounds hard. I agree. And I haven't even there. Right. But you're anxious to go. I can see why. And then, of course, when you would walk around in the red light district, and you look at the, not so much the ones down by the canal there, without, well, I don't even know what you call that area. By the old church. Ah, not good. Now, what about the red light that? And it was to need to dark. I beg your pardon. And you good in the red light district. That's what I'm getting to. If you'll just be patient. But if you go on the, I can't think of the name of the street, but it's a long street where they have all of these, you know, strip shows and all these, all these, played dens of an equity. And on that street, it's also a major part of the red light district. And there's like almost all white chicks, nose windows. And man, oh man, you, your tongue would be on the top of your shoe. Or maybe on the bottom of your shoe. Maybe you'd be stepping on it. And then it's tongue too. You wouldn't believe you stick to myself. I can actually go in there and pay a few bucks and get, yeah, you sure can. And you'd save yourself. I don't think I've ever even this place. Although, of course, there's always downtown Miami. This is a Neal Rotterdam, where's half of it in baby vids? Is 5.16. How are David's a bitch? Massage. You're a bitch. You're a bitch. And a cold text. Not possible. It impains sight. It's a truth. You know this right in front of you. Oh, dad! What's the truth? You know the truth Jesus was married. No, the had children and no. What did the bitch know? Jesus, how did they pet? Oh, the... I'm sorry. What Jesus had their pet? I'm sorry. I still don't like to tell you. He's a name and was a scouter. Uh huh. The defense you tell. You thought that he'd just see God from down there? People must know. Don't listen. It's a... A line of fictional secret. It's no longer a secret. And even more. Here they are. Oh, God. I didn't think she'd tell. Did a free Jesus father had last class? I'll write that on the internet, especially in South Florida. You know, I dug this... The past still facts out of the waste basket. Because, ordinarily, I have fun with these. I never failed to read one. Okay, this one was just over-diculous. But I think I think to make the point. Because it fits right in with the pull we're taking today. What do you got? Mad and South Beach, right? So I thought that you might find it interesting, although I don't. That last night when Channel 10 was reporting the big, the big story of the Rickie Wiggum Suspension, it went straight to the 790 of the ticket studio to get fans reactions. I've seen other channels do the same. It seems that everybody's forgotten WQAM. If you had a sling box which is advertised in your station, you'd be able to watch it from there. Well, guess what, Max? I don't have a sling box. I don't have a sling box. I'll leave you're slinging it pretty good. And I have the link to it to watching Channel 10 News or 467 or any other ones. Or Vainty Trace. But here comes the good part. Also, you mentioned yesterday about how great your business is because everything is close together. It can be a public transportation. I didn't say anything about greater not created. It just said that the gas price is not as relevant there because they don't have to drive long distances to do it or work, etc. And they have bicycles and motifs and public transportation, etc. That's what I said. I didn't say anything about greater not great. Did I? No. You'll be happy to know that Miami here comes the good part. Miami is adding a street car system to midtown uptown in South Beach, addition to the Metro mover and miles of Metro Metro Rail, a metro rail being built, which will also connect at a hub at the airport. There are tens of thousands of new luxury housing units being built down town by the Exteroorfist buildings within walking distance. There's also a new museum park being built between the new Performing Arts Center and the arena. As well as entertainment complex going into a new, next to a new downtown mall that's bigger than the Eaton Center. That's right. There malls going to be bigger than my mall. There will be no need for anyone downtown to own a car. Of course since you haven't been to downtown Miami since the Panthers left. And guess what? Neither is most anybody else. You are oblivious to the fact that downtown Miami has become the most dynamic city in the world. Is there anybody who believes that? I'm sorry. I must have missed that. Can you read that one more time? Since you haven't been to downtown Miami since the Panthers left, your oblivious to the fact that downtown Miami has become the most dynamic city in the world. It's good to know that your ratings are going down the tube. Tube! So that less people are hearing your obsolete swirl. Or is it the other way around? Less people are listening because your outer touch material is outdated and absolutely love, Matt, and South Beach. So I think about the news, you met a city, a place, isn't about buildings. It isn't about shopping malls. There are plenty of places that have shopping malls. I'm sure we're telling you how they got big shopping malls. It's about people. It's about attitude. It's about the lifestyle. It's about the way people treat you and where you feel treated. And where you feel treated and where you did just your life in general. So this idea, they can build 70,000 miles of metro rail and they can build 50,000 more shopping malls. 40 times bigger than the freaking eaten center in downtown Toronto. And that's something to do with it. That's that will make the city. But just a one line. I'm very curious about the sarcasm of the end, which my ratings are not going down the tube. I hate to break the news to you. Here we go. How about all the bombs in homeless in downtown Miami? I don't know because that's what I think how I go to the panters plan. By the way, since the panters were when they were playing, I went to every home game. When I was in town, I went to every home game at the old Miami arena. I knew like that. And drive it out of there by the way, it was no picnic. Speaking of what you're talking about. Well, there you go. But Miami has become the most dynamic city in the world. I got news for it. And people guys with the butterfly nets and rubber raincoats, they're after you man. They'll be after you real quick man, if they find you. You'll be in a white suit. You'll be in a zoo to a rubber room in five minutes if they find you after writing crap like that. The most dynamic city in the world. But you know, to eat it so on. Oh wait, when are is this another one? I don't understand this. I'm getting fashes now as Miguel and they're writing stuff on here. No, he's just sitting in there sending you fashes. Oh, oh, here's Jimmy Siffel is his sports director of channel 10. Well, not only that, but channel 10's got a bug up the rest because he made it. So many stuff on it. Sports show of theirs when they told him what kind of beer he ought to be drinking. Nobody tells him that dog would kind of be very drink. That's exactly right. So he told him to stuff it. So channel 10 of course is going to build up the other guys. Just like they Harold is building up the other guys because it got great co-text and then it'll pass it on their payroll over there. So that's like a basic prize. Like a, you know, one thing I've told you before you can. I've been in this market for 30. 30 long years. Okay. You can't talk yourself into ratings. Okay. Either you've got him or you don't got him. And you can 790 me from now until the cows come home. They haven't got squat. You couldn't find their audience with a damn compass and a road map. Yeah, Jimmy Siffle is just half of it. This is made the sports right. And by the way, there's literally $3.5 million net is what's going to be the loss. The first year under dolphin broadcast. God only knows how much further they're going to lose next year. So they can give you a big song in the dance. They'd lie to the South Florida business year and I'll tell you how much money they made. And they're doing this. They're losing their ass. Just like at least we had no where losing their ass on the freaking marlins. Who are coming up at $1.45 by the way? See, I don't have to lie about such stuff when a ratings come out. And I go through that hole is I don't make them up. I don't I don't try to talk to my son of a, Oh, look at this. We got a 42 share. Yeah. Well, how can you do that? How can do that when anybody who's, you know, wants to kick go online. Can't eventually get the numbers. I mean, right there in black, white and pink. But thanks for listening religiously though, man. I'm glad you're I'm glad you're a happy camper, man. It's you know, not everything is that we all have different tastes. If downtown my image for you, I'm delighted. It ain't for me. Drystone, Philip and Dave County. Even Miguel didn't Miguel get out of the day County. Yeah, he did. Even Miguel who's a professional Cuban, even though he's never been to Cuba, even he who's obsessed with anything having to do with Cuban, including cigars. He don't live in my day County anymore. Even that little strict George lives in Hollywood. Now, last time I checked that's in Broward County. Not a day County. Why? I anywhere near downtown Miami. So I just just mentioned that. You don't try to single be because I'm obsolete, not a touch. Hey, you know, something more power to me. I hope wonderful thing happened because there are a lot of nice people in softflow. It is your best thing to happen for them finally. Like maybe get out of there would be the best thing that would happen. Is there is there a week that goes by that we don't hear from people who tell us that they're finally getting out. How about that guy to call before that city was going to go visit San Diego for a few days. And the only regret he had was any had to come back. How about that guy? Did I make that up? No. It's a horrible horrible. There is no downtown. There is no anything. There is just a bunch of disconnected bedroom towns. That's what South Florida is all about. If the chamber commerce don't like it, two-stick it bad. I lived there for 30 freaking excruciating years. And it sucks. You got your pepper pines, plantation, and sunrise, and western. And you got your Hollywood. And you got your Miami. And you got your west sweet water. I think I've kindle. And the homestead, all of these things. And the junk. And it's just a big scrub coral springs. I hit left that up because you lived there. Once upon a time. Yeah. And then nothing. None of my things do with each other. There's just one bedroom town after another. As a matter of fact, when you fly into Miami, you're flying anywhere for a lot of Dale. And you're on the approach. And you can see as you're coming over the corner clear day, when you come over the coast, these coast to Florida, you can just see there. There's like no end. It just connected all the condos on the ocean. It just connected one bedroom town. Here's Del Rey. And here's the airfield. Here's Compado. There's a four-larito. And then another way of making it do with each other. There's no downtown. There is no magnet. There's magnets, but there's no magnet. And if you like it, I'm ecstatic for it. Let me say it again. The greatest thing that ever happened in my life was escaping. Believe me. It's escaping. I feel like I escaped from Alcatraz, from Death Row. But Matt, you know, he's got the answers. What time's your show on, by the way, Matt? And what time's your date with Jimmy? 920 votes on the poll, which best describes versus South Florida residents and see. The reason these are mostly so negatives got to be my fault, right? Because it's all of the people you don't just agree with me. It's right. You hostile bastard. You dance right. I'm a hostile man. Dirty old bastard. Dirty old D.O.F.B. Dirty old Fag bastard. Third, we call him. Yeah. Rained, 27. Elegols 132. Average 108. A.H.L.S. 93. Boy, look at the way that did I take it was timing or what? 93. It's in fourth place. It's going to pass average like they're sitting on their metro rail. By the way, nobody rides a metro rail, Matt. Hey, to break the news, too. In saying 82, reject 70. Austria's just 50. Final Americans 45. Losers 45. Well, losers could be final Americans. It's just unlucky. Like no green memory, just unlucky. That's given off the top. Hostile 6. A.L.1. Schmidt 1. And nasty none. None yet. This is real Roger. I sure demand this is 5.62. A.L.S. A.L.R.POP, little boy. The streets are like robbing you. We're blind, but how sweet it would go. That would have time to head south and run. All right. I want to go with a living to death. I'm dying out of here. I have no life. Along the nail front line bill! I want to get earthy at your balance. I want to come running for me, on the clouds. This is a dream for everyone. Come to the sky! Well where'd it go?  The dead is confiscated.  Here. Alright. I want to save my life, loving you You're right, I'm with you, I'm with you I'm with it's time to have something really hard I'm gonna go home with a living to bed I wanna die I'm gonna get closer I'm gonna go home with you Here's your door, it's a mirror Here's your door What are you doing, buddy? Too fairy Here's a great fact from our buddy Sergio and Hialia This is I totally agree with you There's nothing dynamic about Miami, what a moron that mad M.O.R.O.N. When you talk about a dynamic cosmopolitan city Have to mention Hialia's being with us There's a top five global cities You gotta Sergio, and that's why everybody's hopping on that metro field To go out there to Hialia's That's why that track is a really cool and big out there in Hialia Am I right? The one with a big palm trees in the fair and goes used to be Well used to be 934 horse and a pole, we got a little under an hour Better get my music ready for the start of that pregame show What will it be? Oh, you know what it's gonna be Added go out there and spend like 12 bucks for 10 lissies So I could just leave it sitting in the old Dual case I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people I don't like to complain too much unless I get a chance But dual boxes to me are like, can't they come up with a new way Packaging the CDs And DVDs to why you're out of a CVs as soon as the gen dual cases follow apart Do you remember? Doesn't that bug you when it happens? Yeah, bug you when it hurts, I mean yeah, yeah You want to hear that song? Come on, mix it up a little Play a little low town or something I know you got that or you are really When's George coming back? Let me talk to Clara Bell, get him in there Let's do it on the air about your deal I can't like you over there on the other side of the building You're okay in small doses Let's see a little Motown What do you want to hear that Ben Harper again, do you? Oh, that's right, I got the instrumental there, the flick Now is pretty good Where is that thing? There it is Rule band likes, but I think he's the same guy Is that okay? Well, I do That they'll do it Or Now see, I like playing this one because it's like a fan It's not really it's instrumental, but it's not really like him's role What's that? Oh, there it is Just a fan Oh, no, we also got this one Is that phone ring on the other room? That's there's that million dollar check from Edwick Man Wait for me downstairs I better go answer it I don't think I need to answer that in all what it is It's about my next creepy at Niagara Falls Do you all like that? That's the bed from, um, like a face solo Brutal dead It'll eventually get going, that's why we did it, but here we go Come on Okay Got it So we go with the first one Yeah, the flick, okay, I'll flick it back to where it was Five, six, seven, come on, let's find out about downtown Miami, maybe I'd like to come back to town live on Brickle That would be a good idea, get a lot of this damn conoke place Get back down there with a real people, are huh? What do you want me to chuckle in about? Sure Who do I want to be up here with these damn frogs, man? Although there aren't any frogs anywhere by me I don't see any, wait, let's think about this place If I wanted to add your own Ontario, you'd love to shoot the frogs That's what Stephen Harper told me 939 votes, we need 61 more and we got almost an hour to do it That should be real easy, isn't it? Sure Downtown Miami, the most dynamic cosmopolitan area in the world Not just in the US, certainly not just in Florida, in the world In the universe WCWM, hello 2am Lunch line Yeah, it's not what he's eating the phone Come on, we're waiting now, let's hear it, let's hear all your response to Matt Let all you people love Miami, all you people love that material All you people love that troubled bus God, if I'm gonna find a city that's gonna be dynamic I'd better have looked at tram and I'm just a damn man, that's why I like it Oh, and you're on the tram Get on central station and go all the way down there What are we gonna place is the flower market? Okay, what more could you want, right? Write the tram, all around you get on that circle Friend that goes around the city number 20 I think they discontinued that WCWM, hello Up in there, all the girls Okay Why that Matt sounds like a brain surgeon, huh? Not the rocket scientist I was really concerned about our gas prices But yesterday when I saw on CNN They showed a little cashinerted Bush was investigating why the gas prices Yeah, we're so high That's right, he's also investigating whether we're no WMVs in the right That's right When I saw that, I just saw the road I was in the gym, I saw my buddy just said, hey man, now we can relax everything It's gonna be fine I'm sorry You told him, I'll drop this soap and just get ready Exactly Thanks for watching, I'll see you all I'll see you in that dynamic downtown Miami area man And that big shopping mall Now what you go when you go like on vacation Do you pick places that have big shopping malls Like my house out there is the song grass, you know? That's the number two tourist attraction in Florida After Disney World, doesn't that tell you everything you need to know? Nobody speaks English there Not only, forget about what they speak But what is there to see if they saw grass Besides the purple parrot and the dumbass dolphin Well, what is it to see out there? I've no idea I watched him build it from my backyard in my prior house there I could see them building it And what is it? What's the attraction there? WCWI and hello Hey Neil Yes sir Your question right on it now about Miami's I was born in WACI, I just can't seem to get out of here But you know, they're going to get mad all of a sudden I get the go fishing a lot So I get off shore A lot of people, you don't get on the water out of here They're really sucks They're really hot and miserable They're getting on the matron a little bit You might have a little bit of time But that down now my other boy They're doing it so fast That you're the same You're the same You're the not two guys off with a queen Yeah, sure that, yeah One of them died They shut the hole in the down floor You know, not a tackle, I did see that Just like I saw the Ricky Williams to even know I don't get channeled in Oh man And there's a trap with a nightmare down there And let's post the save us That's got them that for real Ha ha ha Oh no, I had it that twice I hit it I wound up mad You got a little bit of set He's not too happy with that metro fail And all that construction in the cranes and the cranes and the woping cranes and woping cough I'll tell you one thing I sure feel a lot better today Yesterday during the by the other the show I felt like death on toast You were feeling too good this morning either Now when I came out to all my god George's sick How the hell am I going to squawk through four hours But that's super call man That's stuff sea charataria You ever have that sea being problem Not lately Don't get fat Cause when you get fat you have that seaping problem Like you want to get too graphic In fact usually CPI I think is the yeah What was the word again? Marron? Marron No no no that's not a dirty word Marron and Italian means like oivee Like Marron No no No no pretty sure it doesn't No and you're wrong Marron It's like acchipicia Like yeah You're wrong You got a dirty moment It's not a wrong Marron In fact Jimmy Marron used to drive at Yankers and Roosevelt It was purple colors Marron Marron Ha ha ha ha ha You are so off-base man You better get with your down with your Italian Cause you sure don't know it You better go over and see my buddy professor A professor or a jack over there if I you And take some Italian or lessons Oh you laugh I'm going to tell you you would love it in Rome I'm going to tell you you would you The hamster damn would be number one on your list But Rome is number two I'm telling you that right now That's not true There's other place to outrather go that hamster Then roll Is it true? Yes Such as Madrid No No I've been there Done that No What do you want to see in Madrid I just want to you know get up at about 10 o'clock at night Party till about 7 o'clock No No Madrid is as scary as the inside of a oxygen tank Although this come from a guy who people are good Nice little friends have said London is one of the best places you could ever go I've never been there I have a friend who just spent five days in London He thought it was pretty good It was okay And that's sensational He thought the brits were just what I think they are And it's just stuffy and obnoxious and ridiculous And so he has it going mate Hey mate Now that's where the Canadians got that part of their personality From how's it going? You know that that whole thing came from the breadu And they still can't today Get the damn queen off our $20 bill for Christ's Get that bitch out of our lives already Just turn 80 she don't look like a day over 100 The queen There's a lot of queens here 1257 at 560 and in London Believe me there's more than one queen in London Trust me when I tell Oh Do you think this is not a tomb of it's the one to two hour Now why do I think it's not like a legal idea to me That rejoin Oh yeah my god Somebody QM I mean four love bills Have we wanted to say That's it Okay Okay But I'm the decided and I decide what is best For God Rump's real Through a man who's the secretary of defense Mommy stay in here I'm not gonna jump them I don't care with anyone says I ain't gonna bump them You want me to act them for screwing up my rack But I'm gonna keep them for staying on my track I know I've kept shanning Who shoots his own buddies I know that New Orleans is still free money You say I'm a moron Or a free Madonna But I'm the commander I do what I want I'm the decided I don't have to face straight It's all clear to safe You're not gonna suck me I don't have to stop I'm keeping Romney I will decide and keep on dividing The mind's a final decision And on Rump's failed is doing a fine job What are you gonna do about it? It's a lot or two I'm 60, WDQ We got 96, we will have that 1000 by the amount of the hour You can bet the beast's life on it It's kind of interesting when you stop Think about it Jimmy Stiffle is the sports director of 10 Joe Rose is the sports on channel 6 He's the main sports guy And so is it surprising that every time that they want to talk to the A pubic out there about some sports story Whether it's Ricky Martin or Ricky Williams or whoever it is That they are at the hockey with a ticket Right to pump it around Take like red co-text and Dan LeBastard with a hero right Right And of course, very jackass Because he still got a bug up his ass Because Greg Reed wasn't dating him anymore And cut off his brown bag lunches So it's the same thing Every time where these upstarts comes on here I remember they're like the fan What the hell was that? 1890 on the AM dial that went way off the right end of the dial Got a team Jim Barry and more testies this drama And it's on the front page of the hero big story Very jackass Oh my god Here's another sports station But not QM And they still around or what No And the next thing it was 940 With that 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial Believe me I know that station like the palm of your ass I used to work at WI and Z That looks upon the time was one hell of a radio station And they didn't know more Thanks to passion and tea channel Put in that thing in the dump her and do Basically wiping it off the man And they went WRFX Remember that fox sports and stoop gotts and studious And all the other crap How did that do? That's still on there Oh now it's a skier America with your girlfriend Yeah That's how well that did And now the same thing with these Fakers and shakers across the street there With Dennis Collins and his, you know, Leasing the station I could book a bunch of guys with some money Hey take all the money they got then It's okay Just bleed it out of me Just like the dolphins are doing Until I goof off can't bleed anymore Joel, a fine bird my ass Think you ought to change his name too Because Dick fine birds are good friend of mine And a good guy with her a pompadl He envies and certificates as a Joel fine bird No relation by the way I'm sure that Although Dick probably wouldn't mind some of that money Everybody We're going to talk their way into what We're going to kick your ass over show us the, and that's Forget about show us the money they got the money Show us the numbers Okay, you can't talk your way to numbers You can't kind of public in to believe in that you're where it's happening Because when you listen you think we got that stuff on here At least I admit it At least I'll tell you we got some crap on here That I'm humanly degraded by it It's unbelievable Just wait till I get to the Marlin game today You'll hear hours of it You'll hear hours of it What? What? Well I mean what is that? And you talk to Clara Bell about it He's like he's he looked up Petrified force like he's throw in suspended animation Does he versus offenders by the way? No he does Oh, I'm shocked because he he always seems to be like he's in suspended animation Oh we can't do that We can't say the enjoyces they are like But do you like me? You like me so far? Am I okay? He's just a friendly guy He wants to be loved That's all that's so bad What's wrong with that? He wants to be loved Where is the love? Yeah, that's right Where is the love? Who did love for this station? Gregory or a thoroughbelle? No comment 973 votes in there We got four first met finally 14 for hostile Two for nasty and one for an animal I don't want to say an animal One for animal Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, in fact we go to Amsterdam And you check the candles the canals Yeah You notice that they all have all your round of They've all got that same really dirty brown color Don't follow the canals You get real stone which you will Don't be careful don't go stumbling And one of them canals Okay Be kind of an extremely experienced Speaking of that According to a poll at the army times dot com A majority of army times keep that in mind A majority of residents responsibly The Don Rumsfeld should resign According to raw story This is a good website Raw story I keep saying that every day And because it is And to time of this writing 2985 readers loaded in the latest army times poll 1889 63 and a quarter percent agree that The US Warford is grounds for Secretary Rumsfeld to resign 33 percent voted no and 100 had no opinion It's always going to be a bunch of people all Whatever the question is Today we Wednesday I don't know In a poll taken shortly after reports in prison Views at the Abu Ghra at the Abu Ghra prison came out in 2004 A plurality of readers agreed that Rumsfeld Enjoyed Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Richard Myers Should not keep their jobs in line of the allegations At the time 44 and a half percent of the shibb Both go 41 percent of the ought to stay And seven and nine percent said Rumsfeld should go The full text of the current question I'm Rumsfeld on that website Army times.com Defense Secretary Down Rumsfeld has come under far A recent weeks from Baratheary Retired Generals eight by the way Who say he ought to resign for his performance And managing the war in Iraq You think the US Warford is grounds for Secretary Rumsfeld to resign 63 and a quarter percent say yes 33 and a third percent No one three and a half percent They're like, look at what Like that must have been in South Florida I'm sorry Matt 560 560 560 Tom 560 A leave a rise in cigarette or viral Slime we got 37 minutes That we're counting okay Got my clothes on and a moment of Had my shoes on I was right about that call I checked it during the break It's for my lady friend it falls View I think you're free room I'm something free room Free meals what's wrong with that You know I went for a year I was a bigger smuck that I am now We're back at Tediah how much I used to Plunge out there in Vegas and never I was just too much of a guy I just thought it an idiot Never asked to get comped And meantime guys who are losing spending Much less than I was getting comped Beautiful rooms all And I'm off your budget my guts And spin in that money Well I'm thinking we should do Do those broadcasts out there again That I never got to be a part of Broadcasts out where Can you use the broadcast for Vegas? No You're confusing me with a humper You got to be clear Not that bad am I? Maybe we should do that That'd be a good idea I don't want to go to Vegas I agree I played a sly No no I do not I do not want to go to Vegas See I got it down that way If you're a regular way to place you get to the point Where you kind of figure certain things out Like the guy We can go Sunday there They were going down early In the morning here's a guy Playing a wheel of fortune On the dollar machine And he gets 500 on the line And I said to myself That machine didn't pay all the yesterday And all the time I was down here That machine started to pay Now I was going to be the jackpot My machine mine And I'm sitting there just out of the corner My I'm waiting and waiting Like the piramas Like the Like the What the What the The Vultures That's what I call it The Vultures at stand over your shoulder Yeah Wait for you to lose It's a way different bigger off There he got a spin He got a little more than any Finally punched the thing They got the ticket I think No coins there No coins just the tickets Like a real place And he took his ticket And he took his ticket And I flew over there man I took it to the story I was wearing but I put it in a Fifteen within five minutes I hit fifteen hundred on the line Because I got the good machine How to love that? Vegas much more difficult Vegas is just more I don't know Just too big and too much and too far I like Vegas but it's too damn far Why don't I want to go to Vegas When in fact I had a friend of mine Came up from my down there Uh for that trip We can go And he said he wanted to go to Vegas Same where we're going to go to Niagara Why would you want to fly all the way to the It's almost like going to Europe If you're going to go to Vegas why don't go to Amsterdam What? You're comparing the flight to Las Vegas The flight to Amsterdam The flight was the end of the pan See that's another bad thing about being in Miami No matter where you're going It's so far That penis you let down There's six way down in the Caribbean And it's like an extra Like from here to Amsterdam One flight I made it five hours and forty five minutes Really? From down there It's like an extra two hours Because you got to fly all the way up north along the east And then Hop and then down Hop and down Up and down You know that So it's two hours further from my A from South Florida It's a schlep Why don't I want to fly five hours to Vegas When I can get out of a plane and go five and a half hours And go to Europe You got to make a hell of a remote What? I already tried doing a couple shows from Amsterdam And Bob the Vermouth put together That horseball studio over there But he I tell you That's the epitome of Vesley Broadcasting Was the job he the half-assed job he did there The porridge near the heart over there He was ready to kill himself by the time for Mootlut And he leaves it nothing is working You know he just finally got first grade in the left I remember trying to that was back when I wasn't taking calls You know but a rumor I had we had rumor call in one day See if I could take your call you Hey hey hey hey It's not like he was under the Atlantic Not caught on the line through the Atlantic But like he was under it Which is not a bad idea Here's what I say From Jack listening online not able to call you right Marona is not a bad word It's like Madonna like Madonna Mia It's just the way it's pronounced that sounds there We've been listening since the WildD days live in Aurora Attack you Jack See there's Jack used to be a scuffle I said oh, how do you like that mat? This guy got out he said Marona And that is shividier Here's Jose says Jose Solomon Boy I was born and raised in Miami I'm glad I got out about five years ago since Jose besting I ever did I listen to every day on the web Your show kicks serious ass at its free I say no to X7 series Nice going Jose You provide a free public service and lots of comedy Keep up the good work about Miami being a dynamic city The people are rude I've not just the drivers on the roads are unacceptable I'm human myself that I could no longer live in that pile of Kalmanour Please tell Matt get his thumb out of his big ass PS and rude and I'm not just in the pool Love you. Love you Jose Happy stuck us That's a long way to happy Simcos Torah Do we want to put rude and I'm not just Son there Why not not more choices for the public out there Rood right up not just two separate ones Don't put them together and I don't lump them And we realized that our listeners are all great Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Right Well some I'm most of them Just some of the colors tend to be a little bit But that's true anywhere It's just that we have an over a bun and some But we got 999 aren't you excited about that That means if I if I refresh it again the next vote on the pool Could be the thousand vote and there it is Now if we only knew who it was we give a big prize But we have no way of knowing do it Here we know what's we're going to send you a an imaginary Million dollars in cash okay, so have it imaginary good time Imagine early spending it right Right How do we gonna know who it was but we got a thousand votes and it's only one thirteen How do you like that Matt and of most of those people are too happy with us going on and in addition Which most of the people on this pool don't live in downtown I mean and don't want to go to downtown I mean I want to party downtown I mean how do you like that schmuck Oh Of course the one nice thing about Miami Arena is when you parked you know If you parked out on the street I remember I remember I found eight park twice and both times they messed up my corvettes twice Is that right? Yes, that's true story Well, not real bad just enough to get aggravated Well, it's a little safer than park in you know regular Yeah, but we need to park out on the street then you walk past some real savory people there on the streets Where surrounding the arena the old white elephant arena and then of course the good part of it is it's only a block from the commembles house That's a good part 114 and five sixty wq But then again, that's it along this in past I'm out of touch you know, I mean maybe next time I'm down I'm gonna go to downtown Miami and hang out. What do you think? Yes sure I've been talking for years to call 1 800 mattress whenever you need a bed They can live within a two hour window that you pick what is convenient for you when your ass is going to be home They have a knowledgeable bed and consultant. It's going to talk to you and lots more And here's another reason to call We want to congratulate our good friends at dialometres because this week We got a press release from the New England branch of the better business bureau That's where the headquarters are located the better business bureau give out their annual torches of excellence awards and dialometrist One again, it's the third straight year that they wanted based on honesty and integrity ethics and all the markets They serve for main to Miami even downtown Miami So there's so many places you could buy a mattress But if you want to get ripped off go to those vetting and department stores If you want the best price to best delivery deal, I'm best the all the way around Just make that one easy call because when you call 1 800 mattress You know you're gonna be talking with a company you can trust Choose from Seely, sort of Simmons King coil temper Pete experience and foster a human he can do it Check out mattress dot com for all the thousand sizes Do what I've been doing for years and all the smart folks if you are doing it in 7-1's not too bright to they need to call on Call the number one choice in betting dialometres save a lot of gas don't be sletting all over town Just sit there on your fat ass save the gas make the one easy call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES leave out the last S because it stands for Stupid essential saving This is meal Rogers This is 5-62 On-solid Hot you come Good old radio 5-16 WQA and reasons You've brought gas going to both of the building and wedding I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared Put things on, big kiss Well, they caught you on those quick French motboard I see the boys on the street I really, really probably This looks gross You're good, I really bad I'm something is new I want to know some baby B sponges Baby, let's go What if you ask? I do not know how to pronounce it. Oh, I can do it. What if I don't know what you have. Hahaha. Oh, you got a kick you ass. It's not our fact. I've got all these acute drop-ins. I didn't have time. If I didn't have time at this and figure out what you did. Use a lot of bag. Yes, I better. Yeah, let's go. Wait a minute. It's just a little axe now. Get a little old to be that. I'll kick you ass. Right and then of course is also I'm big and strong That's winning. That's what he more ten I'm just wall right I'm the designer Okay, that's enough. Citer is a few little robin. Some look forward to him Daniel Mac and right now is armor remember to be tuning in just for those things On the out-of-text near Rogers, you're here on QM or we're 25 that's way from the Marlon pregame show I can't believe that and I'm gonna order a cheaper color and between my in between my cheek and gum Put a little pinch between your cheek and gum Right go about that cheek Yeah, ever ever be around people at two talk talk to you into back up. Yeah, I actually have some friends to do it I don't get it. Oh man. That is the nastiest and then that love people at smoke the faggot You don't get the yellow and then the brown teeth you know they get progressively darker and darker But people at Sean that's so I mean I got that You think it might be pepper only juice drool, but it's not it's the back of juice drool. Oh brother Got that brown drool out inside of their cheek. Mm, not good No, thousand and 14 votes on a pool and nasty's got four schmits got five. That's bad. Now. That's a real shot I've knocked his one rude one and animal has got one And you ever see the area. How about the well-owned animal? It's a bad and I refold the well-owned canal There's real landmark for you. That's why I got him up here. I want to see the well-owned canal This guy. Oh, yeah, and for shopping There's five minute people live in the GT and a greater trotterway I guarantee there's not one person who lives anywhere near here because the the Eden set or is a big mall in downtown Toronto I mean you want to you want to live in sunrise because the I mean I do have it live out there as you know But you want to live in sunrise because the sawgrass mall is out there Oh, what an attraction it is though god. I mean I don't know how it could pass to be like that And then of course starting the summer if you if you go to a panther game Or an event at the arena because there are no panther games in the summertime, but any event at the arena And you park over there to sawgrass They're going to charge you just to walk on a property there at Alan Cohen's Join that's right Even though of course the people are proud is hopefully have a seat some to say about that but nevertheless They're going to charge you just just in the entrance fee just for the honor of walking on their property That's that of course plus painted mission to go see whatever you're going to see WQAM hello Hey, I can speak in yellow speaking Um I have a question about three or both Yeah I was thinking that you should make a poll if you said Should Neil extend his contract yeah What do you think I think the answer is no no and also what about a what's this pepperoni do you think he's talking about like I don't know what that is No, he depends on you'll find out 5670560 556 Ha ha ha ha He was one of those people that we didn't have room for on the pool because I didn't know how to spell Like that but I'll figure it out I'm gonna do my work over there coming weekend I'll like do some research on how you spell And then we'll put it on there just for him. Okay What is that pepperoni juice through anyway 5670560 come on we want to hear from all you happy people in downtown Miami man You people are here right at hop on the old people mover. That was how great it is How does how fantastic it is all the attractions that we're all missing all of us people like they moved to brown years ago I mean I I left Kendall I'm I got it's gonna be like 100 years ago since I got it They're because even back then the traffic was so congested you could you couldn't drive from your house to like four blocks away Yeah, I mean that's the number one thing why I would never ever live in date County is the traffic But congestion is just it just insane. I mean, Howard and you know Especially about 595 every every 10-day bill the road and brow it's absolutely before they finish building it and 595 can't carry the traffic that's post-do is personally during rush hour but never to less Kendall you couldn't even drive you drive from your your house to the supermarket and back without just just a massive Sunset and Kendall drive to this craziness Posture course nobody's speaking in glaze, but that's beside the point see WQAM hello Tell me QAM hello Say Neil I work in a gongs on Miami to a little bit Yes, and I think it's great and the reason I think so is because it's basically Ghost town there's nothing happened in down there You know I went to Miami Beach I gotta say I love Miami Beach, but I moved to Hollywood for financial reasons Yeah, I'm seriously considering suicide Hollywood that's the place for dead people I Don't understand why people like a broward. I mean it's all the traffic and idiocy was no called no nothing up here No, I would agree with that but they only like brow just compared to date. They don't like brow with so much, you know General but compared to day they love it Well, Miami Beach your boss. I would say, but you know Then you got a pay for it if you want to was that way so What can you do? Don't make great sounds No, I don't know nothing. I'll see you downtown. Okay, see you right by the you a commitel cells I'll be panhandling down there 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 to the Verizon singular wireless lines man. It's paradise. I know somebody else has said it was paradise Oh, he's your found out He took a turn for the worst WQAM hello New God speaking Thanks you. I got much of the clear way It's one of the best things ever about I use it every day. Oh, but I'm alive You guys should put something frozen it comes out cooked and yeah try put the kind of frozen like that in the microwave right? Oh, yeah, right and coming off so I think that's the best thing ever but Just question need to find out the possibility guys were Kitchen yeah, do you ever check our website? No, I'm for any way not don't you have a computer? Yeah, well, why don't you check our website go to go come on don't be that lazy man. Okay. I'll check it out Neorodges.com and if you go under the Pull There's a really picture a Josh and really certainly look and move it under that is dream fields low car pasta Okay, okay, it's good. Yeah, it's just like regular pasta. Okay good luck you I mean it's not a sponsor anything and spider what somebody's people well while would you put it on it because I'm trying to do like a pubic service Okay, I'm making run of the bowl over wave wasn't the public's sponsor either, okay Try do something good or right away they're imputing your motives like how we need the extra cash to take it out of the table for pasta Oh, god get a life get a life but that that's typical you know Social or everything is like gotta be some scam. Yeah, well, what's in it for you? Not even a box of preposter I like that My room in my kitchen I got like two cabinets almost full with boxes of that stuff and paid for every one by the way And a lot of a lot of shipping charge too shipping up the nose Speaking about the nose don't forget a lot of gueli after the ball game today It's getting ready for that ball game There we go, but maybe I can get one these do I think about 15 minutes I don't think so 560505 60 don't forget this Saturday Baby it's the big moment in South Florida's the highlight that should tell you a lot about life in South Florida's QM's NFL draft party Jimmy Stiffle is will not be there. Do your rose will not be there the juice will not be there Stugass will not be there each your hearts out. Okay, a lot of those guys wish they could be there As a big QM NFL draft party with the mad dog Jim and it's at Hooray's in pepper pines You're the man of course and LaVast did won't be there either Join the mad dog along with Joseph Gackie well like I said and did they go? He is really rock solid. I brought your draft day cover join them at Hooray's in pepper pines for QM's NFL draft party This Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Presented by Tiny can So when you go to Anthony, we're going to the Hanukkah brewery They have tours every day to give you lesson free samples. I like Tiny can like kind of good light I think what you really meant to say was you love How light you love Hanukkah once you say it again love Okay spend a lot of money on this radio station. We love Tiny Anyway, Freddie, Hi Nicken was the Even's the founder I guess of the What are and he built the euro hotel euro I think that's an even Big very expensive hotel and they used to be rather still is a place called Freddie's pub He died couple years ago Freddy. He's still dead But no you can take it to her there in fact my even go see my second apartment the one that was unsanitary and the bed moors were downstairs with all the big Spiders and stuff and cobwebs There and the bad air the polluted air you can go down and see that How many QM hello I'm a McDonald okay, but two for two let's see if we can go for clean sweep We'll spread out like the Marlins QAM Yes, sir Okay, get a real phone fine. He seemed like a lot of these people are fading away You know, I just had a last three buddy Holly is singing not fade away Fine, come on between now and we got a way 60 minutes and extra 60 minutes. Let's get like one or two real calls on here Here's the challenge for you 567.0560 and pound five 60 and leave horizon singular wireless lines. How many QAM hello? Good Still skin reauto for Harvey Jr. What happened to him? Whatever happened to him. Yeah, I was contact with him. He was a deltona for a while Yeah, we lost contact. Maybe we got rid of her by a Mac truck or something. It would make George happy Oh, I don't know what that was all about but boy a great hate That could be they both had the same pasty look Okay, how do you like that that was what he doing? He had like a he had the minus muffle over his mouth Did you could you tell I was him? No, I sure couldn't and he actually had something to say there I mean almost you know as close as ever in history. Nice going there, buddy Maybe you took a joint of human race. I have no life W to QAM hello No, tell George he's a foot guy QAM hello. Yes, they are question. Yes 4 million subscribers stern guy. Have anything came from South Florida? I haven't got it. How would I know that if you had to guess? I? I couldn't possibly guess I wouldn't know You're giving a number just a number. I'll say a 500 thousand. Okay. That's good man Okay, how about how about three million? I mean it tell me what you called back and tell me what you want you want to high number you want to low number how about five million? Surries in the same maybe they too they remind me the guys across the street They're talking to big game, but they're losing their ass. Their stock is in the crapper And they pretty much maxed out of that whole deal. They found that most of the Howard's people signed up ahead of time or right when he first went on and now It's kind of like a like a slow trickle, you know kind of die down a little. Yeah kind of we need die down Also especially since all that big publicity was going on there that big scam Kind of like die down. I sure got that guy brought it up again W QAM hello video yes, sir How you doing listen? I have a question for you. Were you the one who put up on on Your website the thing about you company taking over the internet? Yes, let me have you as it comes to a vote The radio I mean what's wrong with that no Well, I sure we hope that those guys won't get their hands on that the last Freedom mean we have For the right kind of story It's most red story on our website today is matter fact the you're not gonna like who's taking it over the internet Oh boy, so let's put them across please good luck See the only promise that this is let's go to Democrats it's like the FCC the Republicans and Democrats are exactly the same they believe in censorship And they you know they don't believe in free speech normal And let's see where do we have that I guess there's the 10 worst corporations. I could start reading that and be in the fifth inning and still be reading Where does it drive Here you go Congress is giving away the internet you won't like who gets it. It's just too long That's the reason I didn't you know somebody stories are just too long and back and capsuleized before we got 13 minutes right Yes, we do we got third no we actually don't we had a break break. Like I said we got nine minutes So I think what we'll do is we'll do the break now. We don't want to like in a fridge at Marlin time Boy, it's one thing we go like a few seconds over on guilty time or when Moe is on But when a Marlin's around when we got the sanctity of sanctity of sports on the year we don't mess around with that That's why we back time with that music so just to make sure we don't run over our cup right off over We don't we don't want that to the shoulder run over In addition which three hours and 45 minutes to this crap is more than enough I'm really pretty loud proud of myself. I just paid myself on the back was that Because when I came in this morning and started talking to you I thought how do I how am I gonna do for hours today my throat was ill and I was like I'm just of the ass end of the flu. I guess But you just kept telling yourself you're gonna be gambling later today and you just got all better No, I just worked my way through it. Don't you know how that is sometimes you feel like crap But you work your way through it all of a sudden you're surprised you even yourself No, oh sure Why me seven mill two and cue I'm don't forget stay tuned after the ball game we got How about you? Nobody else has got that Anyway, we hope you tried to pizza and pasta down the bankers because it's the best in South Florida John the Baker is so good that you're just not gonna believe how fantastic the prices are very low A family prices big portions everything is cooked fresh your order the best in tiny restaurant this Study University drive and now with two great locations for you Find John the Baker brand new in the stroking concept around sterling road just west of Pine Island Cooper City and The classic John the Baker in Pembroke Pines just west of Flamingo Road the Home Depot Center on prestigious Pines Boulevard The food is delicious huge portions like I said of all your favorite home style of Titan Delights Some of the best pieces you ever had in your life and like I also told it until the every day with their low low prices You can take the whole family for lunch and dinner stay well within your budget and when you go in the John the Baker or call Be sure to ask for the Neil deal mentioned my name or stuff is gonna cry like a baby please the Neil deal. It's a large 16 inch pizza Half dozen garlic rolls at two fountain coats only 14 75 take out or dining tonight for take out in Pembroke Pines call nine five four four three one forty three fifteen or a Cooper City It's nine five four two five two oh nine one. How's been in town for over 30 years now? Let me see And all that time has been serving up unbeatable Italian food pizza pasta meal chicken Parmesan sausage and peppers All your favorite subs John the Baker the best in soft food don't forget ask for that Neil deal This is Neil Rogers Oh A Bill it's queer live for the soprano guy. So we should do a little fast and show watch it buddy You watch the queer guys make over the mob guys you look like a sloth man We just take a look at your picture. I just can't wait my water. Oh that's a little See a side of the sopranos you've never seen you share it himself and that kind of that Rough exterior that chip to weigh What's that so love emotional man Excellent watch what happens when cars that in the boys see Tony sopranos fire arm Oh, you're got it's huge It's queer live for the soprano guy don't miss it Cheers, cheers What until two a QA anyway we got the above income of pre-human six minutes of that are we'd fast huh read it art You are brutal art broski who knows art broski anyway It didn't even say here. I don't have time to bother with that Congress is giving away the internet you won't like who gets it Congress is gonna hand the operation of the internet over to AT&T Verizon and Comkass Democrats are helping and it's a shame Yeah, I feel like guys so don't explain your Republicans are all a bunch of crooks Don't look now, but the house commerce committee next to Wednesday Let's see what's it in I think that's today is the vote Is likely to vote to turn control of the internet over to AT&T Verizon Comkass time water and what's lucky the telecommunications industry It'll be one of those stories the mainstream media writes about as little notice because they haven't covered it I'm a surface it may seem as threats to think that those companies could control the great wide infinite internet After all the incredible diversity of the net a lot of everything website services of all kind of existed perfect harmony Let me ask one thing. I hear voices Okay, what's more? They were all delivered to your screen without any interference by the companies that carried bills to and bits to and fro until recently They had to it was the law the telephone companies which carried all of the way traffic until it relatively recently And between all of their calls elect without giving any website or service favorite treatment over another Result was today's internet which developed as Result of billions of dollars of investments from the largest internet company that spent millions on software And never hinted to the one person with a blog who's been a few hundred dollars on laptop The internet grew into a universal public resource because the telephone and cable company simply transported the bits Last fall however the FCC Back by the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the high speed internet services offer by the cable and telephone companies didn't fall under that Law of the Communications Act Out the window went to love a treaty that everyone equally now with broadband and new game without rules Telephonic cable companies on 98% of the high speed broadband networks the public uses to go online for reading news Shopping listing the music posting videos ready to be thousands of other uses developed for the internet But that isn't enough. They want to control what you read see or hear online the company said that they'll create premium lanes On the internet for higher fees and get preferential access to their own services and those who can afford extra charges The rest of us will be left to use an inferior version of the internet Admittedly it hasn't become a problem yet, but to think it won't become one is to ignore a hundred years of history of Anti-competitive behavior by the phone companies and it was a mere six weeks ago, so from the time the FCC Issued its ill-fated decision to the time on Edwardic or the CEO of then SBC now AT&T issued his famous manifesto Attacking Google other websites for using my pipes for free. He said they don't by the way Here's the inside the deal Top of a week ago and courageous band of legislators tried to stop the madness in subcommittee at Marky Rick Bushe and a shoe and Jay Inslee proposed a good language to protect him and it for their troubles They just got four more votes other than their own just three Democrats other than the sponsors voted for it Only one Republican voted for it, but we talk about special interest giveaways This one will be at the top of list and we will only have Republicans to blame for yourself There's an extra bad news, okay I'll work on this meeting of his internet So be an I knew moving How many of our own out gore and I knew moving yeah and his new movie They're gonna strap him uh to afford and prop him up into playing in a project That's why they call it a prosper if you're thinking about him So I told you it was like 48 before it's 56 degrees of sunshine We're gonna be 60 if you're a staff and you're not totally that you can blame me Very nice 50 states of perfect In fact there's a big sign outside of I window. It says what a perfect day for wood barn About eight years here with humidity got 95 Even Shelf and downtown Miami worse always 72 in bombing I like your rack it's always bombing Marlin free game coming up that we got the marlins as it comes from wiggly piggly field in Chicago And then we got guilty for hours of hours and hours and our etiquette and I