The music's pressed on the previous program, by the way, then the tragedy of the Korean woman in New Jersey. It's passed out in terms of statuses. The poor's ready to help us. Can you afford louder down my cash? And take a fast ride away if you want to start not far. One reporter on the screen is hitting me. My lady's daughter is called to the hat. tyle? What if the flirting kisses you? adye dreams everything isn't a loss? Jeff Farge! As your community my invitation 5-6-VW QAA, want you to know what's happening all week long, right here in Miami. Starting this Saturday, the retard parade sponsored and left by the Miami City Commissioners, and become a sacrifice at Kyai Ocho as angry Cubans offer you what the SuperHubberah. The laugh at the hopeless door, featuring misery, and starvation and other melodies under the 395 over-dance, plus it's needed 9 a.m. from the Bird-Out section of Liberty City, don't miss the Miami-Date Police Bravo Fest event, and the grand opening of the new Smash Addict Methodone Center, all this and more in the bedroom town of the world. It's great to be! It's in my house! Better for you than me, it's a 10-01-56-VW QAAAA, so there at the end of the big O for the Humper Show. We had one of the great misfits of all time. We got what he eyes, your body and all your appearances. I sent Josh in there to tell them it was too late. Goin' to Shelfin'. See, that's one thing about the Bordops, like, Reaper, you know? They just, they don't know anybody, and that's, of course, they're all sports nerds. Here's a rule of thumb to tell if it's one of our retard cronics. Yeah. If they mention your name, right? That's generally a pretty good hand. Because, like, regular ordinary normal people are going to be calling, oh, you're going to be doing a crossover with a new layer, like, hey, yeah, that's, uh, but obsessed, yeah, I obsessed because I have no right. I have no right. I have no right. Keep listening. Partridge, red, graph, family records, uh, Kenny. See, and I was just thinking about, because I don't think about those people often, thank goodness. But how old are some of these people got a V-buy noter? Like, in their 40's, maybe, pushin' 50's, some of them, you know? Some of the people with the L-teeth and the Vanvara. And... It's still the same. Nothing has changed. Ah, lots of the thighs, they're, they're a little fraternity. They still have the regular meetings, you know? They sit around the smoking Camo what? I don't know what you're thinking. I know the people No, they can afford the good stuff. Oh, yeah even Sigourney Weaver's got better stuff than they got Oh, you better not play that you might get somebody aroused out there. Hey Kenny Okay, that's not I don't play David Cassidy to bad music from around the bad news An explosion rock the Shiite mosque in northern Baghdad after religious services today killing at least 43 warning another 138. Oh, brother. Sounds pretty pretty bad Major Fala al-Mohammedawi. That's his name So it doesn't were wounded in the blast. He said they casually told us based on reports from two hospitals 43 day and 130 at least wounded. They're still counting bodies body parts everything is just fine over Really well, it really going this swimming. Well Anyway, we're not gonna get too newsy anymore after yesterday. We had somebody great calls including that lady they call 400 times Then I find out from Josh that she called a front office. She called the front desk And what does she want? She wanted the email even though George already got one from right? She already had email George, but she called out there to bug them to so like I said most women are creatures and Just annoying. Well, she was bugging, you know, gay Carlos. So hey, you know, oh, like I said good job Carlos he deserves to be bugged bugged All right, I don't want for that. I know you know tell me you got food there already I was just some baby will show it up magically. Oh, no, that's bad stuff for you the yeast in there You're gonna have a headache your head's gonna be scrubbing But you'll have a yeast infection. You're gonna feel like the quarterback of Notre Dame There's just a time to over till the chilly from how he's got to meet the quarterback in their day myself But anyway Of all the things that he'll talk to about which is the most interesting view that was our poll yesterday Interesting pool. Oh, that is interesting is only so tuned on those shows on socks. I remember he used to say I'm a very interesting guy 1235 votes politics 572 bush patching like that guy tried to do yesterday at that Trump-up Parents the guy, but I mean, but above and a crowd is booing Oh, and Bush is pretending to be oh no let them speak let us be and then of course He only responded one thing give exactly the answer to expect everything is for our safety You know safety the American people and they're all cheering hey Don't slide it over Wallace and I was in the bad and then you feel the point out that he didn't respond any day The things that the guy brought up, but that's okay This like scam miles of Brian this morning trying to cover up after Bill Schneider talk about the liquor and chief and all this other stuff It's just a garnish often man. They're all there. They're all on the tape. They're on the payroll Anyway, all the things I talk about which the most interesting new politics 572 Insag Radio stuff 163 religion 131 how about that Judas? Huh good guy thought he was a bad guy now. He's a good guy. It's the home of the good guys W abc It was that W MC anything. I don't know. I hate this pool 80 night with W mca with a joy It was named not Joel Brian whatever his name was Jewish though 56 like a piece of coming up And by the way, you'll be interested know that in Chinese the opposite of delicious is Collochess and that's your vocabulary. I already got it there. Collochess Food slash restaurants 49 probably looks as big as you're reading Gaste 45 oh this audience just drives on Especially the guy with the eyes talking 41 slots in gambling 25 get a good machine That's my best advice by the good machine and if somebody else is plain it just knock their ass off it on the floor So excuse me and then just sit right down Amsterdam 21 used to be very exciting place now. There's too many Dutch people there the track 12 now forget that That guy that called about ghosting yesterday. He had to be from across the street had to be nobody wants you about the race track Tell Hank that when he comes back from the woodman world on Monday Nobody wants to hear about horse racing immigration 11 except a bunch of old guys It's stand-out nerd to track he can the tickets around you know health problems eight The stock market seven and diet talk is dead last five They don't want to hear no diet talk they want to mind your mind man Maybe that's why they didn't that pasta thing they go over so big You know that I thought was a great discovery and that you're reading and I'm eating and we see Zee and a couple of others But they go over because they don't want to stay alive They'd rather than just pick out and Croke and in a lot of cases that's not such a bad idea here's today's poll question of course This is what everybody isn't this what you're thinking about 24 seven now what Judas no Katie Kirk forget about He was small to pay he was he ain't gonna be doing the CBS evening news now We'll say this if they could bring Judas back to do the CBS evening news he'd be the pants off a Katy Kirk Look at maybe the situation wait for Judas of all the things that they're throw it out us on the news CBS evening news with Judas is scary it or can you see it now look at all this swelder feet in this Katy Kirk this this Faggot prostitute Judas this is CBS Yeah, there's already no what's your name is making a comeback now over there in a rouba? Oh, what the founder? I don't know that was taken over in about chicken a rouba. It's taken on a roubar 894 votes. Yeah, maybe that's where Hannibal Lecter was calling from right look at look like it could have been a roubar Didn't it it's a dish you make with yellow rice? I was seriously this is remember when he made that last call out to at least I was like that But we saw the other one. Maybe that's the front of the right How they ever went into because it was so bad. I remember they were all the airplane the lake was feeding a little kid brains Oh, seriously the sequel how they went he was on an airplane and a little Hannibal and he was being in brains little kid It didn't like the airplane food and Hannibal said you have very good taste here have some of this and Opened up a little Tupperware bowl where he had some brains in there. Oh, nine isn't it to this little kid should have fed that to the president Well you watch Katy Kirk on a CBS evening news. That's the Lika Rinchefe by the way to prison 894 votes already our goals of 1000 once we get that we're going home Don't watch network news 286 286 32% of the audience don't watch network news How dare you now? I don't blame me waste a time. Oh look at that there's Mrs. Limbaugh Thank you guys. He pushes her hair back and oh come on stop already. Well you stop with a crap Katy Kirk blows 225 you said that that was my vote She I wouldn't watch her if you paid me by the millisecond if there was like a meter running with like dollar signs I wouldn't watch it. Don't watch CBS now. Won't watch her really to 27. They used to before our funny daddy Okidoki Oh, there's your buddy Lou Dom is broken borders Senate showed on the NS Diego talk about a one-note Charlie man Pup pup pup pup pup pup pup pup pup God, I think they had drained some of the air out of his cheeks Watch others now, but we'll watch her 60 do you believe that? 60 people say they watch other newscast now, but they'll watch Katy 60. Okay. I hate this full 57 watch CBS now And we'll watch her all continue 55 she looks a little bit like Bob Sheeper and watch CBS now But won't watch her only seven we put that on late, but still only so lament they see it They not too good either 902 not too great The guy with the eyes well that just didn't the great to see where they were the We're all listen to me. We're the only ones that know anything about talk radio See that's that's the problem sports talk is not talk radio Right, that's why the board-offs during those four shows never seem to know the voices That's why the same people are on over and I mean our show of course We let you can't come more than 30 times a day. Well, it's a good thing with the whole Like that woman yesterday. Yeah, but it's good thing the host there So why you expect that way to be an all fairness you expect a big all who's on from five to seven in the morning Even the guy with the eyes is not trolling at that hour the big O who claims to the he listened to you since high school Should know who the cronics are no he in a coma. That's that's ridiculous That's way above and beyond When you're as cronics, these no these people haven't been Traumatized by the this group of misfits like we have that it's never noticed. Oh I was gonna say good thing the host to know when they're being put on yeah I bet you're kidding. We'd like somebody to throw them up in Anna wouldn't surprise me. I know somebody who might Oh, and I don't want to get too newsy. I do have a few things so all of we do want to take a lot of calls Okay, because we're crank out the calls on a show again I'm put a little bit of spice in their vinegar back into it. Plus we don't want to do too much work Just decided that the attitude of this current regime now man. He's oh brother There's just well, what's what's the use? You know don't take it too seriously Just take the paycheck. They've been very seriously But other than that to hell with it just thumb it your way through and you know something maybe we'll get along better that way with a whole outfit Because that's what the most of them seem to be doing like that sales department It just kind of like thumb-fing and thumb-fing the way through look what that line up is today We got guilty at the end of center day at two. Oh boy Give us already for that big panther penguin game. Got a chance to go on see Sydney cross me tonight Man at kids ugly but anyway, he's got hell of a player Panthers in a penguins if that's gonna be on 1360 because we got the Marlins in the Met's oh Brother, it's really a bad time to hear what we got these conflicts That's the one good thing Josh. We don't have to worry about conflicting panther playoff games against the Marlins No, we won't because it won't be any yeah the Tampa Bay lightweight stay one last night in another shoot out There's a shoot out of overtime. I was a shoot out against Atlanta Atlanta got another point but Tampa got too mole so the panthers in Iowa It's not official, but it's as close to official. I mean every time everybody now even behind the Leafs to make believes it got like 80 And Atlanta 81 and the Panthers with 77. It's not gonna not gonna cut it no chance So when you hear those prom-losin those rejoins that they about hey the final four game They're out for get about I mean go and see him if you want but tell me you want to get him for free. Don't let him Because if they can count you for the attendance, they'll even let you in for free. I think oh Yeah, bring a whole bunch of your friends too We'll put that in the attendance numbers makes Alan Cohen feel like a real success You'll be at the end of center two to four Helping us back in it mad dog at Augusta the master's with Curtis I don't understand that in other words. He's gonna be doing the from four to six for a 40 and courtesy Also with the bank and the center. Is that what that is? You're asking someone I'm asking Josh. I'm not gonna put that in you God, I'm asking you excuse me. Don't get all testing now Just I just what I got our hernion now with Norma Kent. They work on your new deal now They were a little security little you know, so I have to have quite some eyes on it That was a hit for Josh to answer because I knew you were talking to me. Oh, well, yeah That's right. Well, he's he he wants to get paid by the word now He's playing hardball keep a tally he's playing hard to get that's what I said That's what does that time hard to get then we got Marlon's on decades. He's 40 on QAM and then Marlon's at at the method 710 what a strange time to start a game 710 Leave it to the metts metts suck and then the Panther preview was over on 1360 of 7 on Panthers and penguins at Whatever I'm KAT at 730 and any K from Vegas follows all of these All of you straight. It is a punch in his guts out in Vegas Well, if there's one thing I can't stand is guys who game And then Mike Money Charlie as he narrated Oh His Over chopped Well, no the jesus Charlie Garست We probably can't stop it. And maybe Mark Foley can sit right up there in the throne next to a Charlie. If he wins the election, but I doubt it. 10 16 at 5, 60 WQM happy Friday too. And just a couple of things before we dive into a bunch of call. Well wait, but maybe we'll take one. Maybe it's the comedy ice. What do you think? Oh, if we're lucky. WQM, hello. Over there. Oh, over there. Chaps. KWM. He says, yes, good morning. Yes, sir. Can we see all chronic Friday? Oh, no. I'm for not with you. It can be all chronic. That's Friday. How's that? Was that good or what? And you know what's how he liked? He was cutting the crap with it. Yeah, but no was woody. He really liked it. Right, cut this. I hear his cup run up over. 5 6 7. Let's have all I like that all chronic Friday. In fact, we're going to kill him all today. Right here on the ear. Oh, God, I'd pay money for that. Take a take up a collection for that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 need for rising in singular. Wireless lines. Your choice for two to four now. We've had this embarrassment going on for months. When did Moe finally get asked to say goodbye? I like it. March. Get out of your march is contracting in March. That's crazy. Back in the end of January, I believe. Okay. And here it's the today's the sixth seventh of April. See, at the, the, our real. And we're still a patchking around. It's guilty. It's Curtis. It's this one. It's that one. Come on. Let's find out who the audience would like to have in there from two to four. Maybe we will stick George in there from two to four. George. Well, for next to 15 bucks a week. Yeah, a bargain. And I might even pay on time, but I doubt it. WQAM hello. I know how to hire a needy when they're buddy. It's so beautiful. Let's say you want to look at. And you know, think about it. WQAM hello. The priest that get on your knees and play. See, I just got through it. It's in, it's Friday's knee show. Like, how is my knee doing? Scatty. Lovely. He had the bandage off and he'll up real good. Got any pasta squeeze? No, no, no, no, plus. No, that's on the phone. Just squeeze the pasta out of the door. See? WQAM hello. I want to scat for help. It's over there. Okay. Oh, that's over there. There's some, serve some of those brains to that guy. Sounds like he can use it for little these dirt. Man, that was good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me take a look at my knee. Just like a little red mark there. Looks like nothing ever happened. I think it's gleaming again. WQAM hello. Our knee or our yeah. Great. First of all, let me tell you, 80 Kurt makes me nauseous. Yeah. Second of all, I'm the guy that called who's been is almost correct. And unfortunately, she had a birthday since I first heard her name. Yeah, don't give me this 48 craft. She's 49 and looks at day over 70. Well, anyway, I just called to a regenerate that. No, we already got it. Okay, thanks very much for appointing us that I made a bad mistake. And we appreciate that, but don't pay yourself in the back too hard. Okay. Wait, I wouldn't say it was a bad idea. I don't think I don't think it would be what that on your tombstone. If this is what you're known for in your lifetime, the fact that you got van is age almost right. You know, that's true. I would be jumping with a cheese Miami. What is this? She's from Miami. Yeah. Well, I told you there's a reason we can't stand it. Now, she's just there, you know. She could be there or not. They could just automatically do the letters which they do anyway. Just press a button. So it really isn't relevant to anything. She's just there. Except for the guys who think she's hot. Just like Jackie Johnson. There's a female. She's on TV. And they're just like you're always saying about, you know, because they're on television. Right. That's it. It's all takes. It's like Howard Veal. Because you're on television, dummy. So therefore if he's on TV, you're in a movie. She's hot. And I'm a gaggon on. See, that is punishing me. I think it's due to this is scary. It's going to get me for that. Due to his carrot. Due to his carrot. And that's of course Kenny's a banana. WDQAM. Hello. 2AM. 2AM. How are you doing? You know, George was talking about the soft news on television. Listen, I don't know what I do without them for a channel 10 in the morning to Fruppin' her hair back, tell me how traffic turned build on the phone. It had all of us. And it rained back right so the streets are going to be wet. I mean, without her, you know, I don't know what I'm saying. They've lived with the M.P. Biggs. My morning. She's got high breasts. Really? They said, you know, her. She got jet high breasts is what I'm hearing. Oh, I'm hearing. Oh, I'm hearing. Oh, I'm hearing. Oh, I'm hearing. Oh, are you? Hey, listen, can we talk in P.E.E.E.E.E.E.E? Yeah, go right ahead. Please say all you allowed so somebody hears you. Well, listen, this is what I'm thinking. What's the point of impeding a president? You have to impede your administration? Yeah. That's a text. So you get rid of Bush. You put chanies. You get rid of chanies. And you get the guy that's once the speaker fritz. You get rid of him. So the heck's going to run this car? You don't get frisht. You get the, you don't get the sandwich. You're really getting the house, sir. I'm a jury. You've got fat, uh, what's his name? That's her? Denny Haster, yeah. All right, so this is the game plan. We win Senate back in November. We'll probably get the, well, me, me, I'm personally going to work on it. Yeah. And then, uh, we get the guy from Nevada, what's the same? I'm very, very happy. I'm very, very, very, very happy. He's about as powerful as Greg Reed. Okay, you keep working on a pal. Let us know when you're done scoring. He's got a game plan. Play. Play. Something like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Yeah, I'd rather hear from the guy with the eyes to be honest with you. Here about his, uh, story, you don't say that. It's just a joke. Yeah, let me ask you how long you think he'd be on the ear. How long you think I'm going to show it be on the ear? To be started, to be started, to be started screaming, which would be in the second syllable on the ear. I first heard. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. But you're cooking on the big old for not knowing that. That's terrible. Well, it's, uh, he, because he just got done saying that he's been listening to you for a hundred years. No, no, he said that afterward. He said that after we saw Crap don't understand you. He should have been. Because he probably won't. He probably wants that to the foreslot. So he wants me to go to bad form. And I got nothing against him. I think he's okay. Doesn't know what he's talking about, but then again, when it comes to sports, who cares anyway? Might be more interesting if he didn't know what he was talking about. At least in his room for controversy. Oh, there's Ted Kennedy and John McCain. I think they're going to do something. Look at that. And more teams. So same aggression compromise, Stals, and the Senate. I was just going to do that next time. I don't have fights. Not over. We're going to leave this. Yes. They're going to recess for a couple of weeks. And then they're going to come back and put a meat, but a boot put about. And two weeks after he's Eastern and pace off recess. We believe we have the boat. Look at Ted. Ted looks like he's going to take a nap standing up. Look at that. He's that is that on John McCain shoulder. That's the way that was done. You see that? You see that? That's all right. I think he was holding himself up on the cane shoulder. They're all said has lost about 100 pounds. Kind of team bagged him with this chin. Yeah. It kind of looks like a team bag. Colleagues for all of their efforts from the half. Yeah. This worthy course. The issue is not over, but Ted says. First of all, I want to thank Senator McCain and thank all of our colleagues. Republicans and Democrats. Yeah. Why do you screw it up? The immigration bill. The big breakthrough is stalled. And now we have two weeks. We say it's nothing about it. And but it will start counting Mexican heads. And who's going to vote for this one and all this other. Maybe they can give out some green cards and voting registration cards. And some divulged computer information. Don't forget the rating. And some ratings. I received it. That would be good. Of course we won't get any of those. They'll be voting for radio swabbe because now even the Mexicans are Colombians. They're listening to radio kind of cool. Got a cool. Yeah. Do you have a cool thing? Think of a last burn. WDQ. Hello. You're in. Yes sir. Excellent. The crowd went through here. You're going to once again. And I push. I'm talking about my soccer program. And they're still soccer. You're in the so-called. You got a guy. That's everything. Oh, and she's. You got to be kidding me. I can't see. You got to use mentioned name. And there they are. I've been fucked out of the lit. I didn't think there was nothing radio about it. I wanted to politics believe it or not. Politics. And now it's a left to the official. He's worth that. A new town. Closer. Closer. Hey. He's been a dumb. I knew he'd make it big in a town. I was looking for the bed again. See they were at any your time. They just had to invent a place for you yet. I said that. I said that. But it's not everything. We're going through a soft security. It's good here. You're okay. Everything. It's fine. It's just, I get this. Listen to everyone. It's all I just wanted to say. I don't want to. We should have be breathed. Months and months. But I wasn't able to get to it. But I'll do it now. I'll have to be birthday to you too. And everything is. Good. I'll take the process. See you. I'm going to take a look. Go find those socks. Go look for them. Good guy. Any so soon. Now, Ernie was a guest of Ironback in the days when I had an embarrassing radio. Even more embarrassing than QAM, which is saying a lot. With all those guests. And Ernie used to come on and do bioreathems. And they had those little bioreathems. Calculators. Okay. And that was good. Except for the fact that as soon as somebody would call in and Ernie would like to do but he'd be doing little calculation there. And all of a sudden, your bioreathems are a stink and don't go out of the house. You're going to get run over by a truck. Whatever it was. And then, of course, it's just like with psychics on here. The phones go crazy. But as soon as somebody calls and hears their own personal whatever it is. At that point, they're gone. You know, because who the hell cares about anybody else's deal? You know, right. We don't care about them. We care about us. As far as listening to somebody else, we don't want to. But Ernie and, of course, then I put them on the earth of film, which I think responsibility for that. I got them on here on weekends to do some to fill in. I'm happy to pay off by the way, Ernie too. Some was like a tennis player. I forgot to ask him about his son. Probably just as well. 26 past 10. Look at that. They're all lined up. They're who'd help he got. He had Ted Kennedy and McCain. Who's this in it? What they got on there? This didn't shot. So that means they will go to the break to the eastern path of the park. They're going to break. You ought to go to the break too, honey. We are. This is me. You're our secret teacher. I was right on the break. So he stayed. 16. 16. You. You. Well, still. The most controversial movie of our time. Martin's four seasons, the last temperature of price. Recently became available for whole viewing on percent. Religious groups, lifted the release of the film, theatrically, became outrage only event of its own distribution. And so, for your spiritual education, name for those who don't have leasing or are going to price on a movie ticket, we are proud to present that. Top one, the radio version of Martin's four seasons, the last temptation of price. Oh, I don't pay what? But, want to buy a hot stereo? Uh, um, gee, I better not. Okay. Ah, oh. And then send the controversy continued. Two lives of miles, up one, two. Martin's four seasons, the second one's sensation of price. See, guess what we thought that Judas is scary, it was a bad guy. Just like Galileo, we thought he was, we were like that. Now we apologize, he was, uh, he had a stomach. 977 votes are ready, aren't you impressed? It's not even, and we'll have our 1,000, before 11 o'clock, along before 11 o'clock. Aren't you excited? We're going to write this in your memoir? Uh, huh? This is 40 cents, so by about a half a cup of coffee at Starbucks, a coffee late day. I just, that whole coffee thing sounds awfully. Okay. To me, 979 votes, what do you watch, Katie Kourke? I mean, this is supposed to be bigger than God and Judas's scary, it put together. When you watch Katie on the CBS evening news, like Andy Rune said, he doesn't know anybody at CBS that is that that she's coming there. He likes her personally, but, uh, you know, forget about it. 980, like I said, don't watch network news, you have it in 14. 32% of the audience, even as newsy audience, even as audience, I put up with all these news stories that you force me to read. And that's going to come to a screeching halt. Just as, just like I used to do, we all want to hear one air couple that that's it. Who wants you to some fat, that like Tom Jicker wrote, who wants you to some fat, old, fat, get sitting his underwear in Toronto, reading stories out of the newspaper on a radio. What kind of a show is that? How much entertainment value is there in that? I suppose to talk about something important like sports and shack and shack. And, and that too well, that goes without saying. Oh, in other words, you hear that Josh, Mark it down the time. He's pooping the calls. Kauke, already, already we had early sochin on air. It's only 10 to 2 for Craig. That was a rare screech. Huh? That was a rare tree. That's what Josh had. He had Woody on air. And, um, when the big go head to the guy with the eyes, right, it's going to be hard to top of that. Maybe my spindell will call in today. You never know. Maybe maybe Stanley J. Cohen will call in. Or Dave Ryder. I wonder if somebody's people are still alive. Dave Ryder. I wonder if he was kind of CC Ryder. He's pretty good guy. He hired me at W.Y.N.Z. And then right after that, he got canned. It's very tired of him still out there. Who? Who is that of him? I'll work Spider. I don't know. He's still around. Hopefully he's asleep for the fishes. God. Just stop and think about all the brother was that a station or what? No, seriously. That was these stations for the radio groupies for the talk show groupies. The light bulb with Norma Kent and Mr. Ego and Craig Warden who kept getting screwed over bed there and shoved on later tonight. And we're Spider-man and Joyce Kaufman and then a whole succession of people didn't belong in here. Not to mention Mark Shimbaum. He remember he called in. Oh yeah. That was kind of a weird tone. It's a whole you. I see Ross Bush and O'Hoo he is, which is kind of embarrassing. I bet you there's more people in this audience. No whorey. Soachin was the Mark Shimbaum. Not that you're a bad guy, Mark, but don't come here again. Let's see. When you watch Katie Kuerk on the CBS TV News, Dolalch Network News 315. Katie Kuerk blows. 251. That was my vote and I seconded a motion. She sucks. Dolalch CBS now won't watch her either. Turn in 25. I hate this poll. 64. Watch other network news now. But we'll watch her. 62. Hi. Let's move on guys. Psych yourself. I'm actually not. You idiot. Watch CBS now and we'll continue watching. Watch her 61. Watch CBS now. But watch her only 12. Do you say? I have 990. 10 more votes to 1000. I'll race you to 1000. Oh, there's the Alicorin chief. 10 disc exchange with the reporter. Do you stand by your pledge to fire anyone? Found to a down so. Yes. And that's up to the US attorney defined the facts. There you go. See they're showing these little tips again where he said he's going to fire anybody who was leaking. And now he's the leaker. You're fired it in. How do you like that? Put them under with Donald Trump. You're fired at W. Boy, this is only the tip of the iceberg. This scooter will be stuff. You just wait. I wouldn't be surprised if he all of a sudden got really very sick scooter. Like Jack Ruby and we're there. I'm going to keep my eye on that. Yeah, keep your eye peeled on that. Keep the CBS eye peeled on it. Take sure you can. Hello. Good morning. No, no, no. We're not talking about you. Okay. You. Okay. You're unenvited permanently. Just take a long dive into the pool. There's no water. But just take a dive anyway. Jack, guys. Reverend Schwartz. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Hey, it's where I'm headed today. I'm going up the first Pennsylvania. You're going up the first you have. Yeah, sounds like it. That's the first. I'm going to New York to get to modern play this week. And I'm going to her. She's going to get to a free chocolate. And I'm going up the first Pennsylvania. Oh, what did I tell you? The first word. Yeah. Well, this is one guy who won't need to. You won't need to play in the get there guarantee of that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 in the horizon. See, this is where it's said. This is the show we that I want to do. I don't want to sit here and read. That's George is doing it. Blame George for it. Go ahead. Blame me. You know what you're saying? You're on vacation. Josh, Josh, you're going to be reading any stories next week. Are you? No, I just put him up. He just puts him up and sits back and waits for an envelope. Everybody wants an envelope. I'll send you an envelope. Which you're going to put it. Susan Powder. WQAM. QAM. I'm your lost child. Yeah. Yeah. And that's got a lot of credibility. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. You know who I was calling the guy who eats the Haitians? Yeah. They thought. Let's say. I just met a friend. Yes, I agree. You're right. Huh? It is side, but I'm used to it. I worry. I don't think nobody really cares whether you hate Haitians or not. And the Haitians don't care either because they probably hate you like poison. There was a story. Oh, yeah. Doesm's of Haitians come ashore and floored. I was thinking about him when I looked at the hurled page of the front page this morning. More than 44 migrants, mostly Haitians came ashore at Hillsborough, Beats this morning. And they're making a B line for that guy's house. So if I were you, I'd like to close the blinds and head under the couch. Because obviously he doesn't have a job. He's probably at home. He'd like a shot in or something. Because anybody with a job wouldn't be calling every day to tell us that they hate the Haitians. Or whatever it is. Anybody with a life-war job wouldn't be calling a talk show in the first place. Isn't that correct? It's never been a social. Now what do you say, cutler Bay? Say. Oh, come in to QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. I'd like to pick off that book. I forgot. I thought it was going to save my knee. Well, look how it looks like what he said. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. I thought it was going to be good. I wouldn't have been in a dog alone. I thought it was going to be good. I wouldn't have been in a dog alone. That was great. Yeah, I'm sure you don't. 560, 1056, and a Verizon SIGITAR RIVOSLINE. They all knew it improved knee or Roger show. And we can think that bitch they called 65 times yesterday. So that's a true story. She called the a front desk to bitch about she bought a no-judges email address. Even after she had already sent you the email about her, the effective CD. How about you the effective brain honey? How about that? I think it's much more urgent. We get to replace that. Maybe her brains were worn at the bowl of the animal lecture head on a plane. You think that's possible? That's possible. I think the portion was too large. WDQAM hello. I will be contacting the FCC immediately. It's not sooner if you straighten up your act. You're really misleading people than this to your show. Why do you have to make me believe that there is no God? Why? You guys need to know what it was. There's a new writer. There's sitting around and may pull. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you guys. You got to get some new material. I remember the days they used to be good. Remember that? You used to send us those fully TD Lenni letters about the fat field sandwiches. You guys used to be creative. You used to be fun. And now you're as stale as last year's Matsum man. Oh, god. Just tragic. Even the old Julio is elected. Beat the cramp by you guys. WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. That lady called yesterday. She was a riot. Yeah, I know. I already had my finger on a buck. Sorry. Sorry. But. Yeah. We're talking to you. We're having a controversial show about the colors from the past. Man. Oh man. What do we find? Because they got that new long Florida star as the last October first week. It chronic cars. You can go out and just pull it crap away. No charge. In fact, actually they give you like a metal. They give you like a gold starter purple jelly bean. We got a thousand and eighteen votes. We are kicking serious fat ass. Music with a message. Look at that. Definitely. What is that all about? Music or is that message or what's on? The world's been kind of, you know, just pushing that honest. That's what you have to do to be cool. But we're trying to stand up and say, I don't want to do that anymore. I don't think that's cool. So. Right. Can you hear the people out there? Because I know they're listening right now. And they're rolling out. I'll see that battle. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. What would you say to that? I've been in the position where I used to go out and... This is like I'm lunatic now. I got news for her. She might as well be in that group because nobody gonna touch her. This is New Roger. Go to the door. This is five, sixteen, two, eight, and six. Slide, you, first. Here's open part. Hello. Yes. Is this Mr. Roger speaking? Mr. Roger. Reverend Jones here and another. Another. Another funny reverend here. The Controversial Show today on. All yours from the past. What is it? You're at the Controversial Show on Colors from the past. No. We're now talking about Colors from the past. You're a bit. That's what you're doing. Sir, what are you talking about? You're playing old bit. No. No, I'm not. I'm weird with lead. We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made it some type of a little. A cart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? The part that gave it sir. That was one of my Thursday. Get the shit out. You appreciate to not play that. I thought you would leave the letter today. We'd keep it a letter today. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. They'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. Oh. 10.4.6.4.11.5. 16.WQ. I'm the court's Georgia thing. I can't believe he plays that. I just encourage him. See, whether I play it or not, doesn't make any difference. Don't. See, so they'll still call 400 times today. That's right. That's right. That's right. 1,299 votes. I'm going to be a meeting of the minds there. Georgia's on vacation next week. Well, there's there by the way. Much needed. I've been screwing him over a mess and I'm about 58 bucks. He's all he needs to get that money back from now. I'm screwing with his pay this week. How about Q and Josh? Do you have any charges? No. No over trash for me. No good. See, Josh is, I'll take the 58 bucks. No, you're not getting it. In fact, you in fact, if you have any charges, you want to give Georgia 58 bucks. That's what I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Why not? Yeah, I got to write he. Come on, man. Georgia's taking good care of you. Give him the paid. You get it. Right now, I've earned a middle of the show. Give him the 58 bucks. That's all right. We'll give him a back later. Which is just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just for show. I bet you don't have to feed bucks. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I bet you're right. I got a $11. All right. On say, maybe what's wrong with that? On say pesos. That's not bad. Not too bad. What do you got? Oh, Jesus made me count. All right. That's it. Why do you guys do it like you're open? You got to count. Oh, he's got a wand. I know. I just made a sale. And this is even after the wife and daughter went pickin' through it this morning. What? There's counting going on, by the way. Yeah. 226. Well, let me see what I got. Because I spent 200 last night on Lotto tickets. Because it's 22 million a mile an night. I don't know. You got more and I got. Of course. I didn't pay the big estate on the insurance. And I have two wallets. I had to wood賣 wallet. That's loaded with the 150s. But this, let's see, 40, 50, 60. I got 70 bucks Canadian. That's like about 56 isn't 250, 60. But 56. How much you got? 26. 226 bucks? Told you. Holy. He's begging for, I want the 58 bucks. I got a judge. I got to go resupply. Holy cow. 200 and some odd bucks. Jesus. Oh, no. It was a pity. When the money hits the bank, you go and you get a bunch out. That's my buy until then. That's my worst. Yeah. And it ain't going to make it because I've got a bunch of leeches hanging off. Let me take a money out of my wallet. Like who? Who's that? Like my family? Like a morning man. I could do my wallet. I would just send right away. I'd like three of them to their ass. Yeah. And the dog. I keep the dog. The dog's probably at least expensive. 5.6.7. Oh, absolutely. Here on poverty, striker, radio, baby. How are we going to make it through the weekend? Let's take up a freaking collection. And pound five, six in the Verizon singular wireless line. One thing we all about this audience, man. They have no problem turning loose a few bucks. Take a look at that fantastic, uh, uh, bird imagine that stuff came up with. That idea, uh, because the issue is answering there again this morning. I bet you know, North and West. I don't blame you. W. W. I am. Hello. Hello. Yes. I was just called to tell you that Tuesday, I thought I was having a really bad day. Because I had a back injury, and then, uh, it felt like I was being told so I stayed home and watched directly on the fridge dream. Oh, it didn't know you feel better. Haha. I thought you'd appreciate that. So I guess I'm so bad. That's the message of that movie. You think you got problems? I can't hear. Say how to Sarah? I can't get it. I can't get the music out of my hand. I remember me both. I'll tell you what I'll take to your and you guys can add Jennifer Conley. How's that? Deal. Yeah, or we can just kind of set them up like as to as how's that? Don't ask don't tell. All right. That's a great movie. Too bad. It's so many of you out there just don't want to watch it. Well, you know There's nothing not to like about that movie. I mean, it is depressing if you don't You know you take things a little bit too seriously, but like she said if you think you got so rich man Wait until you see that then you'll think boy life is life is a panic a picnic without the answer WQA M. Hello. Yeah, sir. They got your picture in Miami here. You know what? QA M and they still show you smoking at cigar. But you don't do that anymore. Yeah, well That's because I don't have any. I'm supposed to begin a big shipment here any day and also guess what? You know who died the bridge tender get out of here. Oh, he did. That only time ago. Did he we got a report and a blanket to I hear and Yushki five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty this guy with bulltons like he how do you know whether I smoke cigars And I guess because I said I'm here. I don't which I don't but I will if I get some of those free ones You know just like those pasta people let's say me to 80 million dollars in small bills That's right. I just that that just takes the cake. We're waiting for some graph. Okay. Oh Desperate for it. Not that we would say no, but we're sure waiting for it All these years nobody's ever dropped for me two cent to like you know do any of that kind of crap on a year or off the Even go out on the street corner pedal it thousand thirty five four what's but this is though. This is pretty I don't know what it means you know what it means What I have no idea means that they liked that woman calling a hundred times yesterday That's what it means they like that. How come Josh's lines not ringing out? That's because I never give that number out of me or that line nine this one here That's the 80 lines reserve for any and 80 I mean And the guard of the body where we got him in so line two But wouldn't that be good if we get each of the chronics their own line? Because very often I'll punch her. I'll tell you who it is beforehand and very often I'm right I like the idea of all it inviting them to one big party and then When there'll be safe right where will be safe? W to Q a M hello after the party will be safe Q a M Not there what a shame Q a M hello Oh, don't see if we can go for three W Q a M hello Q a M you can do it Hello, yes, oh That was awesome W Q a M hello it puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah, of course You have to have a basket first 560. Oh, but you know what time of year it is though, don't you? It's Easter basket time Now there is such a thing yeah, did I just be mean or what is in an Easter basket Easter eggs? Yeah, Andy right chocolate Shownie, right right right with little bunny's Well, what are let me ask you what is the bunny have to do with Easter? We went over this it's a symbol of fertility say pagan symbol of fertility just They took on used to play shortstock for the parents the Christians in order to come you know Higgins in decorated all of their holidays with pagan trappings to kind of draw that in and the bunny and the eggs are symbols of fertility Well, isn't that sweet having nothing to do with the ocean other words making the making babies like rabbits? Which I've always said that's right or like rats and eggs do I have to explain that no Fw a M hello A M I buddy all right, pali and two Opponitely we're missing you. No, yeah, oh, there's another row we third five six seven five sixty and There's one for you two as Bernie guess would say and another one north to charge Do not miss a new I'll tell you that that's what I did find real me if we ever see that guy again, but I've been W 2 a M hello Hey, you yes, sir, we've had a loosen eyes radio Well, what what's the story with him lately where he fades off of that you know me? Oh, and that's you potting him down. I just got a fade him out I thought maybe he was like losing contact with the holes in the phone. I was thinking there's cell phone doesn't get a full charge Go in yeah, maybe it's the whole thing I mean, maybe it's the holes in the head that he's speaking through I'm not really sure but Josh is like it went it down He just potty out is what it is Subconscious this out from what I can say he just don't know you I am hello Neil yes, sir You know, okay, we don't do Joe can you show kiss their call is had mag I'm not looking for the amateur hour Well, is that prophetic or why huh see I told you open these phones wide up baby put it on full throttle Yeah, this business Sydney, or do have this very important to it Maybe not although I represent a Jane Harmon democratic California Mikey Democrat on a House Intelligence Committee has called your present the Liquor and Chief she says if this disclosure is true by scooter liby that is it's breathtaking The liquor and chief he's a leak and then Edna ha that come that the store will be honored tomorrow I have to judge gets with it He calls this is bush takes a leak. That's a headline on a story. I'll join some story We can bush takes a leak a British judge is rejected claims that he was off her damn brown plagiarized the worker to his door And then his best-selling elderly Da Vinci code. He's rejected it went and doubty through the charges out High court judge Peter Smith rejected a copyright infringement claimed by Michael Bayjong and Richard Lee whoever they are who said that brown blackbuster Appropriated the brown's blackbuster appropriated the architecture of the 82-book holy blood holy grail and now they're saying holy moly and I'll tell you what else They're gonna be saying really soon Today's verdict shows that this claim was utterly without merit I'm still astonished at these two others chose to follow suit at all browns and a statement according to the antit So that's it. They threw out that lawsuit and go out there and buy that eventually code about a beat that it would put him up and you decide Is it you this is scary? It was in Jesus was it Mark Anthony was it the Antony? What's his name? It can't sing what is it Mark Anthony right couldn't sing is one of a paper sack Oh, we're gonna have Schloss of accused of cutting off the arms of uh, there's a story son Ron C. Man Oh, Venus swallower a holding a bloody look at this guy. I mean, is this the way you do the new's cast? This guy I don't know what this guy's name is okay, and if I say it will be always maybe put it back on there Oh, it'll be the console He's terrible. He's terrible. He is just awful this guy. He's another one. I was hyperventilating about that just in a very good There. Oh, can you believe that? Yeah, I believe it. Yeah, that they're a little fag at horse. Right. That's right. Well, how to fix it. You know, when you when you offer to go online Naked and do sexual things to be a whole bunch of people out there. Oh, yeah, how much you want? You know make no mistake about it The world is full of loony tunes and believe me you're hearing him on this show and you're gonna hear a lot more of him and we've to come We're gonna get those numbers back up there because the rest of the stations in the cramper man. We're in the tank QA and that's our motto now. In fact, we're gonna have that. I'll have a new billboard campaign come on. It just shows the tank of a toilet bowl Not the seat that will be tacky, you know, just a tank and the caption it could be a variety of captions like tanks a lot for putting a set to bottom or something like that You know, or we're in the tank. I still like that But of course have no fear because Joe Bell is off the Naples now. They were putting their heads together with Aaron But I mean, but I look about there having big powwow is he's taking care of George. He's taking care of Josh not and you know He's making up stories. There's all kinds of stories He's moved and I guarantee he's doing a lot of backslap and over there QAM hello. Hey, how you doing pretty good Hey, no, um, yesterday on CNN I heard the Congress woman. I guess she's on California that called a president of the Laker and she That's why I just say Jane Harmon. Yes, right. I have a problem with that because it's like is this The China is like they're trying to say like those things a little wide crack about it, but this is a very serious situation And with that sort of revelation coming out in the district. I don't see the drill classes doing themselves any And he just is by kind of making the lot of facts about I think he could have been out there a reason here like I saw on sure was going a little bit Yeah, I think it's a very serious situation in a I think That's what we need to go for justice man Don Corrione It's sad and it's crazy just frustrating that you see this you know as good as this thing the common I don't think about the Democrats man. They may not be good, but least they're consistent, okay? Yeah, far and weak. No problem. We have a wait a minute. Let me tell you who's going to be opening up a big mouth There's a very high ed man. What's the one? What's the one? Once they turn him loose man. Look out. Yeah, but on just the finish of this with that. I just it's very frustrating, but it's good to see that these guys are not going to be able to just hide behind Do all this dirty and hide a hand. You know throw up and hide the hands. We need a lot of things. We're not going to put a scooter back on the scooter and send us in the arena. I'm sending a friend. General Crystal for this show. There you go. Me too. All right. You think it is. Send them some flowers for our same petty. They're little bit like send them some one of their fully flowers Or are you just sending some booze? You think the Irishman right? I thought Ted Kenny was going to fall over right on McCain's shoulder there. Didn't you? It was incredible. It was pretty cute. I think those two got something going there. Maybe that's why. McCain's cheek is all puffed up like that. And my head looks like maybe they're like exchanging oxygen or something. Ha ha ha ha ha. Because it looked like Ted like they just suck the oxygen out of his face and all winded that cheek in McCain. Just remember what I told you about John McCain. Okay. Don't get BS by that clown. Tony and his brother and daughter in Duelis. He's 516. This is the Neil Roger show. This is the Neil Roger show. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Any questions? I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. I've been everywhere. t've been irreplaceable. Sir, it's been a d, this has remained There was nothing can only be nightclops. And the n coordinates just remain the same. Well, thanks. Nicholas. It's been an unexpected rebag. Please minimize that you can do it. Okay. Let me know! What are you going to shout for God? I know we got to double it in my dear man. I've been here for you way. I know it's a call now. I knew that to God as a ballast to shout for the angel. I know we got to double it in my heart. And text us to the Pitala, and we can blend right black rock with rock Austin. We're going to shout for God in my hand. I'm a sick animal. I've been here for you. I've been here for you. I've been here for you. I've been here for you. I've been here for you. I've been here for you. I've been here for you way. And then we're going to Washington DC to make it like a wild goose. Come on boys, here's how it goes on. Well, what's great here in the US situation. And he just really ripped an ass. And we'll have that back. But Governor Dean and we just rip him an ass again. Just kept up. And he had the wolf head at the same look of like what do I do now on his face. In a situation room, what a whimp. What a worse man. I guarantee he's he hasn't got any unit. He don't have the mail. I remember. You're in T. Well, let's creep. Okay. I'm going to change the pool at noon. Because the one from today stays up all weekend. Have we already know about this Katie Curry thing. It's boring. You know? So I'll have more. More abstraction, more stuff in nonsense. Yeah, that's right. Who cares whether it's Katie Curry. You're off the teleprompter. Or old 85,000 year old. But F.B. You're right. What's the tossing the horse? I mean, Elizabeth Vargas is just fine there. She's she. She looks okay. She's fairly well. You don't fumble like Lou Dobbs. Fumphi and bumble and stumble and bumble. Yeah. That should be kind of a prerequisite for doing anchor news. Now is being able to read. Being able to read the teleprompter. That would help. Here's the new pool for noon to two. Got it. I'm right in the office there. Because I'm on top of things to him. You're under a lot of pressure and stress. I'll do you got a nice vacation next week with a. With a. Well, it might be nice if I can get a hold of somebody up in the hill. So I don't have to go up there. No, you got to go all the way up to North Carolina. Right. I think it'll wake up there. It's her. I think she's a hero. Thanks for leaving the heat run. Ma, well, don't let that. That'll teach you to let my go up there. Okay. You know, you talk a good game. All this hatred. Better than miserable old bitch. But you let her go up there. Let her go. I will take the house. I would change the locks and the bagels. How do you like that? That's good. Yeah. Change the locks. So when that bitch goes all the way up. Guess what? Ma. Sorry. It's a lock out. It's a lock out. And she would say. Yeah. And you'd say, you're mama. All right. Here's the pool. Well, my mother ain't good about me anymore. That's all I can tell you. She's not going to nag. She's not going to get fetch. I'll go and surprise me if I start having dreams. No. Oh, brother. I totally had one day on my vacation. My vacation started on a Friday. And it could have to be like 10.02. 10.02 on a Friday morning. I'm in bed. I'm resting. I'm sleeping late. Okay. I'm enjoying the first day of vacation. Well, deserved. And the phone rings. And I run out of the, because I don't have any phone. My bedroom. And I run out of the other room. I pick up the phone. No. And I said, I'm on vacation. Bitch. I didn't say bitch. But I was sure. Oh. Okay. Here's the pool. No, no, no. Who should get the permanent two to four-slot on 2 AM? I mean, we might as well take care of this on a show because management should don't seem inclined to do anything. They're like, they're like paralyzed emotionally and mentally. And spiritually. They're spiritually paralyzed. That's the problem of this crowd. We got now. I got you, man. Gildy. I'm writing these down as I'm saying them. Curtis. The big O. He was sucking up to me this morning. So I better put him on it. Remember that about how he was been listening since he was a child. Right. I think what he was trying to say is that I'm old, which he's right. Who else? Kimba. Kimbo, camper. God forbid. Oh my God. I like him a lot, but God, he's so boring. Who else we got around? Only Marty's. Right. And Marty's. The crow. Experience what's winning is all about. The crow. Show. The crow show. The crow show. Show enough. The bow show. Right. I don't know. Bring back Mo. I'm putting that on there. Bring back Mo. Do it. I mean he ain't coming back. But bring back Mo. You never know. Maybe he's got some more naked pictures, I don't know. Bring back Mo. Oh, my leavein on. I wrote a starfall. Joe and Joseph Gackie. Joe is a Gackie by Crackie. He could crack the appoint two share on the bottom side of it. So that's, I'm going to find stuff there. I'll put that up for the weekend. Maybe they got some other suggestions. How about any Sochan? Let's put him on there. Or any Sochan could do some biotherms. Maybe he'll show on socks. You know, how about Reverend Jones? I'll tell you one thing, if we get him off of this show, I vote for it. It will. Huh? It will. Oh, can invite it into your house to do the show with you. Will you try that? No. Five, six, seven, open. Come on, come on. Time five, six, one, the year. We got seven for it. I'd like to charge. I'm the Verizon SIGGETA Wireless Lines. It's all called the Prime Man. The Leafy Rinschief My S. Oh, League of Experts said the President Bush had the unquestionable authority to approve the disclosure of SIGGETA, a sequence CIA information report, but ended the leak was highly unusual and amounted to using sensitive intelligence data for political gain. And I'd like this in something surprising. You know, the old smear inch mirror. It's all they don't have to smear inch mirror. Whether it was polo, neola, Richard Clark, or Joe Wilson, no matter who it is, smear and smear. It crossed us. We're going to smear your ass. How do you like that? So this is like something surprising. You know, WQAM, hello. It's the Carl Rove F.N. way. QAM, not there. That line one. And there's actually the contact was made. Don't say in other words, it wasn't the usual line one. It's a shame. WQAM, hello. QAM, hola. QAM. Hey, is this new or who's this? This is Mike from Boca. Let's go to Mike and Boca. How are you doing, Mike? I was a gun. I was just looking at the QAM website last night. The video pictures. Yeah, we sure are ugly. And I'm wondering, you're a profile. They put your salary. I was wondering what the deal was. I didn't even put my salary. I'm sorry. I hate to break the issue. I didn't put my salary. I mean, they said that you make one point whatever million a year. Not that way. Hi. I would not recognize it. Why would they leave you? You call for a loan, is that it? Call for a lead Bob. No, I don't wonder why would why would they do that? Why did they put your why would they put your salary on there? I don't think that my salary is on there to be honest with you. If it is, I don't know. I'm going to like QAM website. Yeah, because we want to rub your, we're about to rub your nose in it. That's why. All right. Well, go rub your nose in it. 567. What is he talking about? I didn't hear it. What's the salary is on the QAM website? I'm just touching it right now. You don't have to play on me. It's not right here. Okay, let's see. Our hosts. Okay. Our hosts. Neuro. Oh, that's the Harold article. You see this is a moron. That's an idiot. Check out the Harold article. And where do you check it out? I'm trying to click on it. But the Harold article is on there, I guess. Click here. And there's the Kevin Baxter article that says right there. You got it. That's the article from my 30th anniversary. Okay. Kevin Baxter wrote that QAM didn't put it on there. You moron. Jesus, God. I mean, if stupidity were like worth a billion, you'd be rich. You could buy the whole universe man. Says right on there. What it is. It's the Kevin Baxter article. Says linked to the Harold article. Let's go with. I'm going to hit it. Because Kevin knows you. That's all. You're a little bit low anyway. If I was only making that much, I couldn't afford to support the whole universe. Okay, Kevin. You idiot. You quizling. But then again, Senator Harold. Expect them to get it right. No. Anyway, George, give you a loan. He's in there. Do we check that out today, Josh? George is the moment of big bucks today. That's right. We're learning stuff that between you and me together. We're kind of going to Starbucks. That's why I make a couple of stops have to work with George. He's got the big bucks. He's got a load folder in his pants. Yeah. I got one. And some money too. Oh, God. I load you somebody. 595 votes. We're going to have 1100 before the next break on that pool. Man, we are kicking some serious big fat smelly ass today. And I knew it. I could feel it when I got up this more. I thought, oh, dude, isn't it 140? Is that what we were saying for a long time? George and I were commiserating me for the show. Isn't it 155? Christ. I mean, Judas. Somebody QAM. Hello. So you see, if somebody calls you a Judas now, that's a compliment. Used to be a real shot. You know, like a backstabber. Yeah, you big nose too. Yeah, right. Dude, this dude at WQAM. Hello. Oh, is this mic a broken? Is this a loan to power it? Yeah. Yeah. I'm getting a loan from Mike. How much you want? Oh, I don't know. Five bucks. Oh, five bucks. Go. Put a few zeros on him. And no sweat. He's got the big bucks, Mike. In poker, schmuck. No brains just bucks. God. How come they had a fuck that? I don't ask me. I didn't tell them to put it in there. You just make it up, okay? And they feel like they know something. You know, if I put in crap like that in there, it's nobody's business with her. Making $50, $50 million, okay? And believe me, talking to the people in this boso town for 30 years, whatever I'm making, and in enough. Trust me when I tell you. And even close to enough. In fact, when Joel Belgiss back from over on a West Coast, I got some real interesting news for him. Crank that number up. Then I'll take care of you guys. Okay. I'll take good to your my people. Just like chicken, I think they're. Don't let him down. Do I take care of his pathetic little ass. And what's he going to do once I'm not here. No, mole. I keep asking it because you know as well as I do, he's in denial. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, this is a guy. This is a guy who was permanently suicidal before he started making a couple of bucks. And now, you know, now he's got this house. Don't buy a house. I told you that if you're in any way connected with this radio business, don't buy a house. That's my best piece of advice for you, okay? Like somebody once said, don't buy a house. Amen. Who the hell was that, by the way? What's some color, wasn't it? Yes. Yes. I think what we ought to do, maybe I'll do it today. He's going through this thing. I maybe they just aren't that many of my don't know. Because they're just too much other stuff. You know what I mean? To find those. What is this? What is this? You're not free enough, and we're not. You're a real actor. You're a kid. Get up, you'll play a cool. Get up, I'm a kid. Get up, I'm a kid. Get up, I'm a kid. Get up, I'm a kid. Get up, I'm a kid. Well, that's our new format from money. I guess it wasn't supposed to play that yet. Wouldn't surprise me. That's the only way we're going to get you numbers again. And then in this market, man, nobody's speaking English. It is really scary. That last trend. How did we do any good in that thing, huh? Holy moly. Talk about heavy duty, yes, Bon, you all. That thing was like, you thought that that was the arbitron from Havana. Wouldn't you? You're the least from Aliens home town, which you never know what their load is. I keep asking that then. You don't know what it is, Mr. Ask him again. What? What, what, what, where does he live? Aliens. Cuba. No, no, I'm talking about. I want to read on the zip code. I don't keep track. I do know he stole my birthday. And I'm the baby Jesus. No, I think you're more like Judas. I think you talked behind my back. Yeah. Twelve minutes after you're letting me. I say you're crappy company. That's what I said. Oh, yeah, here we go. Here we go. Start now over again. Let's, let's, let's get it. Let's go right at it. Before you're invocation, okay? Let's get it. We'll pick knock on Greg. I'll call Greg out. Brawl on the air. About who I keep company with. I keep company with good people. That's why I'm far from down here. It's not like keeping company with any of the people you're thinking about. And you like that. That's a good player. Although a couple of more coming here next week. Really? Yeah. Hey, here's the silly question. If you try the pizza and pasta, John, the bakers will certainly George and Josh have. In fact, they got, they got John the bakers food coming out of their body process. That's somewhat. And still can't get enough. Because John the Bakers is the best at that. You restaurant this side of university drive. And now two great locations for you. Brand new in the Sterling town center on Sterling Road. This was the panel on Rodin Cooper City. And the classic John the Baker and Pember Pines just west of Omega in the home deposter on Plains Boulevard. They call it that because they carry Coca Cola classic. And let me tell you the food is absolutely great. Huge portions of your favorite homestyle Italian delights plus, which on the bakers low low prices. You can take old family there for lunch and dinner even Josh and I could afford to go there today and stay well with in your budget. Doesn't cost you fortunate to go have a great meal at John the Baker. And when you go there, just mention your largest and get you a free half dozen John the Baker's Royal Famous Garlic Rules. You won't believe how big and how good and juicy they are. Take out or dine in tonight for take out in Pember Pines called Drown the Baker at nine five four four three one forty three fifteen. And by the way, they don't use industrial style sauce out of a can. So you're not going to be on the can all day when you eat there. The food is fantastic and good for you too. And Pember Pines called nine five four four three one forty three fifteen. Or in Cooper City called nine five four two five two oh nine one nine five four two five two oh nine one in Cooper City the best pizza in town pasta meal chicken sausage and peppers and all your favorite subs. Man, it doesn't get any better than John the Baker the best in town. This is meal Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Why do you best. Donald I understand that Melania's breastfeeding and her breasts are huge. Yes, bigger better school than more beautiful. You gotta be thrilled. I am. They're both very, very fascinating. I have a good relationship with them and we have a lot of fun. It sounds like it. Melania you thought? I'm from Stovine. Okay. She's having fun and so am I. I can imagine. I win prison. Okay. I get the idea of a couple. No. No. No. What's up? Veronica. Is it any fun for you? I don't think so. I'm a f-a-b-a. It's all I can say. Okay. I'm a little off my hair because I'm facting that the second poll day or can you hear it dialing in the background in my past machine. My past machine works by the way. Or does that sometimes? Yeah, when they paid a billion me long business. Okay. So anybody was out the middle of the week. You missed a really excited there because of the business. He's hadn't paid a long business. Tom Bellers of his own no no no no no company would now long business. But, hey, and of course, maybe that's why they could make payroll on time on the fifth two. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. I think it's going to go through and if I hear that beat, if I hear like f-a-b-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b- In addition, we get to keep 16, and hello, hello, hello everyone please, this car is sold in an aircraft rally car, and even back off from a engineers station to RG-6 back off to the national channel yet, and those sorts come off if the couple arehalf and you will have to take this home and start the road, the Ford Gallagher is getting really windy, and its much levels profile were formed. Now and will continue. We'll watch her 70. I hate this pool a 69. Watch CBS now, but we'll not watch her 15. In other words I think what they're saying is that the other ones with their same is could she be any worse than Bob Sheep or at least at least he's a little easier on the eyes and she'd That'll be a 200 she just turned the 64. How do you like that guy with the advantage age thing calling back again today? You know it it's just I have no line. It's just so plain for any just an innocent bystander A child out there when he hear you people they have today trying to get a vicarious life You calling this radio show come on you got a house ought to be proud of hey, and it's so sad He was right and you were wrong. I'm gonna be on a true fly He wasn't right either he was also wrong. I was the writer. He had miss information and she still got skanky nasty 100 year-old looking feet Vanna. Did I never notice her feet, but now I'll go to make it a part well She was under with their feet the other day. I was doing see if you watched the show It's closed as I the eye to watch it. I'll be the way I'm hello Yes, sir of course God didn't create you too far to go out in the big day W to Q a M hello. I Mail I think that's usually for your two to four hour Yeah, you set up a rage in the cage fight to the death between the end of our test 5 670 560 556 in the Verizon and see it or by the way say how to drill fine-bird for us to give a big kiss on the cheek Rectom W to Q a M hello. I'm going to eat the bus W to Q a M hello puts the basket in the motion W to Q a M hello. Hey George. Yes, oh, where's your house? No, I'm gonna miss the opportunity to eat out for you What? Where's your house in North Chilada? I'm going to earlier right in the turning Sparta and West Kervison for mouth south and mouth of Wilson You know I'm not West I chair a key. It's a little bit of a mess I'm on the other end of the part. I hear you're addressing the house up there to these people where you're there won't be there no mole Got no address. We just got directions up there. There you go. Did you send him the key? He'll take good care of it out of you take highway. Just send him a copy of the key. We don't want to hear about it I don't want to know I don't want to care I don't want to hear about North Carolina South Carolina The left of the sign way into Sagan by the Carolina right so I can't hear about that send what's his name back there Two-way to cool down the vloggers and embarrassment of beacon this log is an embarrassment even like moon trying to put together a better log than this Chris This is humiliated, but we got some real heavy hitters coming in the out bed the beast Oh and side boy those are the heavy hitters he was talking about then you look for the iron gate Somebody QAM hello. No, why is everybody always trying my rap talking about my music when there's this crap Like kids, Bob Joe be the random man. Let us stand there. We think huh? Oh man. I need to close your on that rat. I closed it. WDQAM hello as in close your yeah QAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir You know really really Such that the fact that in the toilet of your career you got this choice all the trails around your neck You know And I go out like your clown I'll tell you why a George probably saw the family guy last weekend Then I'd like one minute of fact I'm graduating my five times You know I mean different Martin noises sure You can't even put a drop in because there's a job that's even know the for own rules And that's stock that it's terrible because I'm looking at you forever And that's you know you're still entertaining, but man they take away a lot of your weapons, you know That's right. Well, yeah We like Joe Bell said how to make a specie do a show with your hand side behind your back and of course marriage funds to that as well Don't expect much he's the one that said it. He's the new general main-man He's over there when he pulls in and I'm sure he's really fighting tooth and nail for us this weekend Not not well corporate says this and George said that yeah I have never seen such a win to my life man whatever she says he just bends right over He just caves right in like a like a noodle a spaghetti, you know that blow to get a corporate Uh-huh, just corporate corporate my ass Holy corporate you're a that's what I have to say to them corporate my ass I'm not gonna promote and Joyce and all the beanlies and anybody who ever like entered that building over there man Oh, there's the guy from all the blood holy grave lost the Michael Beijing I'm brown you called in favor of the publisher. He lost you could be on the fucking out from millions of dollars in legal fees Are you sorry you brought the case? I'm not sorry I brought the case. It was a we felt that we had created intellectual property Another constipated Brit no under hi hi Suhizaz just based on the way he's talking when you when he's also author of the Jesus papers Yeah, he was rolling them and fact I think both of these guys have been smoking the Jesus papers my ass when he go on to sever the word I can I get some Jesus papers and then I want some of that good stuff like Sigourney weaver wants I want to Harris got the new podium. Let's see. Oh, yeah, you're something I bet you within just seconds he put that up there because I'm so psychic it's scary In fact Monday we're gonna be doing the Elijah psychic show calling for your own psychic reading cost of 100 bucks though Mike in bulk will take care of the charges In fact we're gonna get his credit card and just charge everybody If we put these call on Monday to his credit card He's the big shooter up there. It's worried so much about how much I'm making Smuck I think we ought to change it right now. Don't you this kitty Kurt pool. I find very boring Yeah, I heard a boring I agree. I hate this boring. You know what you want scoring sports talk is boring Do not talk a long time ago that the day would come when all of it It's just another one of those things that will run its course, you know just like all the different music formats that come They go like that party radio remember that yeah, I mean did I tell you I was the first one to tell you that this is this is gonna last about six months That's my opinion that's my mouth This is the novel team the weakest excuse for a form I'd explain the rude and and what whatever the other one was I'll over again huh? Safree do a yeah, Safree do and the rude over over again like and I've got him both here by the way I wouldn't play that's my opinion. I'm like this. That's crap radio my opinion. I'm like this Have another drink Mike man. You WC fields in him same guy. Okay Let's see just put it out to find a result of this that means I can switch to the pool Isn't it tremendous power don't you love when you do this and you click that thing Especially like the other night when Eric or we choose to change it do we ever find out what that was all about Sick like me. No, he wouldn't be he's been sick all week all week He's the only way every time I turn around you tell me Eric is sick. What's the hell we go? We can't afford to lose him God we lose everything. Yeah, then whoa That way has to fall back on Josh for our computer stuff. He didn't always ask him his elbow That's my opinion. I'm like Disney anyway. Since the joke just relax Josh We know that you're really a student. Thank you. I'm vote for mad dog mad dog needs to be on a two-cloth Oh, I would have hoders for early soch and though, but two eight now two late to turn back now In fact we got some votes on there already. They just changed it. This audience is in a frenzy Managed to let him our 10's won the big O1 the first four votes the big rock solid. Oh Well, he was sure kissing my ass this morning heavy duty after he took that stupid call after I wouldn't be surprised if creeper probably called up The god would he eyes at home. He's probably got his number because it seems like Reaper would be part of that group, you know Oh, no, I take that back because those people actually are groupies of mine as opposed to Reaper or hates me and the show Anybody left of it till of the hunt. Yeah, but he's still probably called him up at home and set it up Turn him loose on the big O all this crap all Robert creeper and then you know what I love about the sports shows at the end of the show And they all do it. I don't know if Hank does it nine things So he didn't have time to do it because he's doing the crossover with me We're doing our cross-dress routine, but they all have the thank who's behind the glass Who cares the audience doesn't care who's sitting back there like I got to like go on the whole Josh court This is epic controls and George Rodriguez is in the room. They're sitting there I'll just smoke at a fat one who cares, you know this station to somebody stupid things man Let me give me a charge in there for about a week. That's all I want just put me in charge for a week. I actually come back down there Man, you'll see some heads roll around look like a bowling alley You'll see some heads roll out that door like crazy just ahead part like in Saudi Arabia God, would you love that? Oh, don't get me started. Okay, when it out I would clean that place out and Robert creeper He'd be one of the first ones out that door him and his head I'm a turtle just give me a little real flush. Okay. Here's the final total on a yucky correct thing She makes me gag this whole thing, you know, and this is this is the ultimate. This is where they've come out I don't understand why they don't have what's your name from entertainment tonight or inside edition what's your name? She was on yesterday participating about like Lisa One of those you know very heart then I am very heart member I've had Mary Harman doing the news. They should put a few yox in it and paddle right at least he's good for some larks Have another he can it could be like drinking right on the air there. We listen to the WKRP have another belt pants They have another pop when you watch Katy Kurik on CBS TV news final total 1139 votes and we cut this baby off at 1125 I'm sure excited don't watch network news 359 31 and half percent of this is Duke crowd even though the show has been very newsy Too newsy if he asked me I think I would my paycheck. He's nosy. We're newsy too nosy. My new all business. Okay Katy correct blow is 289 don't watch CBS now won't watch her either 257 two Oki doki Oki for no key almost said something else watch other shows now will will watch her though 70 and are gonna give her a trial a trial balloon watch CBS now will watch her is 71 I hate this full 69 watch CBS now, but won't watch that bitch 16 Katy correct final final. Telly right that down gonna be a big quiz on Monday Judas is curious gonna be asking all the questions. I'm kind of a scared just thinking about that a joke By the way, this this new deal now. It's it's dated around three or four hundred a. D three or four hundred a. D Well, you're spanned there right yeah, and of course this is long after Jesus and Paul and Saul and all of those other Grime were long gone, but nevertheless not to mention Judas himself you think there was a Judas's spirit no no I like to a year's season. We know there was one of those. That's right. How about orange Judas? Oh, yeah I'd have what in my head man. I haven't had one of those. There's a big one Or you stand in the Eden Center, huh? Oh, though it good to yoke. There is a big good orange Judas stand I like to strawberry stuff or like what's his name says the Galilee eyes maybe he likes to banan a one with lightning Quiz speeds the latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust and today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months With an always on connection speed a six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up When you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or maybe just surfing your favorite sites Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to features like the fan Video mail Comcast ranch the new radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few not only that But you also get macophysicuity tools included so you can be assured that your night experiences always safe and secure So what do wait and for start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for too much of what are how you ever managed to get along without it in Dave call 305 Comcast or in 5-4 Comcast Yeah, what advice parts about that episode is that they keep talking about the various Assignion beliefs of the science colleges and at the bottom of the screen if they keep putting on their Surprise that's what they really believe Big splash letter side Really believe this crap 48 votes on our new polls so far who should get the permanent 24 hours slot a QAM two to four We also have that I hate this pool and I won't listen anyway that'll go to those numbers. You'll see We'll go some just zooming up there. We got it. I hate this pool and we'll listen anyway Jim managed 18 the big O eight bring back mole seven Curtis five revng Jones has got three the crow two Lady Martens has got a pair. Gellies got a pair, but you never know what that voice Joseph Yankee won entering so chin and Kim Boe camp are so far got the big Zero for even already called him this morning promote his career. Can we add to some other choices other? Yeah, I don't care. Well, wouldn't that be like I won't listen anyway? What would be the other reason you wouldn't care? I mean, I don't hear it's fine Well, because I don't I don't think that on there anyway, but it's it we just put I won't listen anyway. Oh I missed it doesn't that is net synonymous with I don't care what will be the other reason you wouldn't care if you were gonna listen See what I'm saying well, we have a vested interest Go ahead put it on there. Well, whatever I think I think I think I think we touched all the bases, okay? Just like the Marlins will in New York against the Metz tonight. Wow on AM5 60 Maybe on QA. We got the Panther Pendle game on 1360 on the cat Well, it goes to show you what we think about those Panthers man Chris are done anyway stick a fork in them W to QA and hello No, yes, sir good morning sir. What is this? That's a Sony from follow-up. Hey Tony. I First of all, I moved out of Chicago I was a Tony band love. I was a public you know good old public, right? Yeah I like the problem You like the like it. I will like it a lot five six seven go back to Chicago It would have been quickly. We'll be okay. Go somewhere else. We like publics a lot on this show five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60. I've arrived in singular wireless lines another call from across the street You think we're desperate man. You can you you ought to see their log? They're burning it in the fireplace. How many QA? M. Hello, Josh is a west-goer. We web it. Yeah, how many QA? M. Hello. How are you Neil? Okay I got a couple for your poll if you don't mind go right in Is George his name on there George right big is it be excellent choice to the four okay? Okay, and how about the stuff at him? He'd be our schoolman. Let's get him on or I have no problem with that and by the way Thank you for the more show that's all a more reason to put him on. Have you been friend? By the way, thank you for the pasta publics and also they added on sale for all the very good good excellent Okay, we're gonna get a whole bunch hop it up get a just in time for pay-sauh and he's there And don't buy that Easter candy man way to laughter Easter because then they you know all the Sverson drugstores Walgreens CBS after Easter they cut the price now they practically give it away because they got so they're just tons and tons of Easter candy All those marshmallow eggs, you know You know I'm talking about right like Walgreens are famous for that after as soon as Easter's over man And then all right they just cut that down like for a dime you get a not candy like kill yourself with it Suicide especially them peeps I don't like the chocolate peeps Know the marshmallow cover with the y'all No, they're called peeps. I know I had a pee. Oh, yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, I haven't had those in the long time Faster because he does it I'd rather have my Murray jeans though. They're like very safe way to that place for some steel candy Yeah, see they got see it says right on the website they got candies from the 50s and 60s That doesn't mean when they were popular means when they were manufactured So for a little stale quote to our friend Sean with the polls 76 votes on their managed 21 who should get the permanent to the forest lot of them if these people ever get off there Asked they ever get off the dime good God. It's time to get off the dime Bring back Mo was got a dozen look at that bring back Mo Don't know what you got till you lose it. That's what Ralph Donner said the big O is got 10 Curtis 10 Reverend Jones has got six. I'm all listen anyway for Gelty's got four. See he's not doing all great. We've got a monomal stir-by day cuz he and the Clarence are doing something the crow has got three Lenny Martens has got a pair of chemical camper finally got to Georgia's got one Joseph Gackies got one your time with Joseph Gackie Hey, we could do it together. There's not a feather in your crowd a cap. I write it down and Let's see Sun's full and got one. I hate this poll and there are any search and have both got the big oh First any two votes course is just a little snapshot this a little snapshot you understand speak in a snapshot Salinas polls looking really bad for the Leaker and chief President Bush is approval ratings hit a series of new lows in an AP if so is poll that also shows Republicans are running their advantage on national security Green election year news for a party struggling to stay in part you're struggling you're struggling Where's the struggling lady where we need her ever the struggling lady? Oh, yeah Drugly never critically is pretty to see control or blah, blah, blah Bo chambers of Congress and November Republicans said they feared the worst unless they political landscape landscape quickly changes like maybe another terrorist attack would be good for them Remember have the first or most of them politically? You wait right nothing yet Just 36 percent of the public improves abortion's job performance is lowest ever rating in AP if so I think it's time for another emergency meeting of the car law group the bush and been ladden's better get together again We're fast if they want to hang on to power By contrast the president's job approval rating was 47 percent among likely voters just before election day 2004 and a whopping 64 percent of my registered voters in October 2002 and that's down at 36 six in this poll As bad as Bush's numbers may be Congress is our worst just 30 percent About 30 men of the public improves of the GOP leg Congress job performance and Republicans seem to be shortening the blame These numbers are scary We've lost every advantage we ever had GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio said Fabrizio prepare the market The good news is Democrats don't have much of a plan the bad news is they may not need one or not good I like that line the good news is Democrats don't have much of a plan the bad news is they may not need one That's what Fabrizio said you're grabbing yourself boss That's Fabrizio man. Mm-hmm. He got his hey, he's here. He got his in the end I'm being like Santina said I wonder how you come up with those things so fast either Neil Like that friends all over the nice side Well, then the full one What are you gonna do nice college? Go ahead. They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go down a police cap and work He's locked in a face a little bit What do you think this is the only way you shoot them a mile away? You got to get a post like this the thing you put at brands all over your life side makes suit come in You're taking this very first You know why we love that will be so much because most other one suck, you know because it's so great and and most everything else Pails and win significant compared to it All I'm gonna use Jesus and Judas I'll just say about Judas. Oh every time I see her on her I say Jesus Christ. Are you on again? That Mrs. Limbaugh? I know she's your favorite. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players Pompado park racing and poker's got all the gambling as you want and a great way to celebrate taxi next Saturday April 15 Pompado park is gonna host a tax relief day next Saturday April 15 with everyone AJT in order getting a free entry blind to win part of eight one thousand dollar giveaway Facebook tickets or maybe vacation trip on the scary cruise lines You could win 50 bucks 100 bucks 150 200 or even five hundred dollars in cash They'll take away most everyone's tax day blues Located just a half miles from both I-95 in the turn pipe. Pompado park is easy to get to and like I always send you They offer you free admission and free general parking every single day live harness racing in the smoke Free poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday Poker starts at noon in fact in just a few minutes and goes on till midnight and live racing gets in a way night at least 725 in a PM Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday our last Monday madness 2 for 25 dollar dinner special is this Monday April 10 so make sure to come out this Monday Also, Mr. Adar. That one night Wednesdays that's when draft year soda hot dogs and more just a bucket of pee starting at 6 p.m. at Pompado harness also open every day for sign-up casting seven days and nights week between the best in harness Thurabred Highline action roll across North America for you to watch and plug your guts on and don't forget a week from tomorrow Next Saturday April 15. Be sure to come out for tax relief date Pompado park a black side of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the curracing schedule go online at Pompado Park dot com or call nine five four nine seven two 2000 watch out for a mariam tollon This is me Roger This is five 16 At the money junior Super tasty Park a baby. Push the sky. Who would they say down? I also know that. Great Christian back to where he is. Learned the Philadelphia National. To their regime, all that he's got. Like make good old decent stuff. And Christian rise away. You'll find the O'Pas. Keep the Philadelphia Hall. Under the prophecy of Ratson's gone. Follow Christian, rise away. Christian, go. Christian, go. Learned the Philadelphia Hall. Christian, go. Christian, go. Christian, go. Christian, go. Go, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I think I just figured out what to do this thing. Leave it to me. It is grand jury testimony. President Bush, a Judas. That means it's a good guy. We have to turn all the history around. And we just, and just after we said that we discovered these tablets, man, and we said, take two in call this in a morning with another furry tale. What's the more bubble mice? And so now, Judas, he used to be the bad guy. And I was the good guy. Kathy Lee, gift for it on Larry King. Oh my God, I'll be sure to avoid that. Like the plague. Like my TV's got very bubonica, very very. At least two, and I had the story changed, by the way, this is a bad news from Mark. We got worse news. Oh, no. At least two suicide attackers, very women's cloaks, blew themselves up to the And the Shiite Mosque in Northern Baghdad, killing at least 52 was 43 before an outstep to 52 at least 52, and they're still trying to put body parts together. And the wounding world in 160, second major attack against Shiitarkets in as many days. CBS News correspondent Kimberly Dozier, B.S. The violence came as U.S. ambassador. Zalmae Kalazik, Kaleela, whatever his name is, ward that Iraq faces the possibility of sectarian civil war, if ever it's to build a national unity government do not succeed. Isn't it great? We need, we don't need George Bush now. We need a blanket for the civil war, right? Honest Abe, Honest Abe, Honest Abe. Five, six, seven, we're taking a million calls today, man, and have it a hell of a good time doing it. Let's take a look at that poll. This is a million important, they poll, because maybe we got a shot of picking somebody out. Okay, because they sure don't. 124 votes. Who should get the permanent 24 slot on QAM? Jim Mandich, 29, bring back Moes, 16, and is shocking. I didn't realize he had that many relatives in town. He said, says, Kulman's got a dozen boy. He's zoomin' toward the top east side of the Kurdish. They both got a dozen. We all love sons. What do you eat now? Don't tell me lunch from how he's got there? That's right. You know what? Oh, please tell me you know, Chely. I'll meet some children. Maybe you got some practice for next week when you're on vacation, because I can see you won't be coming back anytime soon. Well, I mean, a chili too. No. Well, just like I said, I want to be alone. And I think I'll get my wish. I'm going to be a little crowded with the two of you both in there fighting for that one in the stall. Maybe you can find the twin hole around the backyard. Look, that's the one. Yeah, I can use the egg. The door has got a twin hole. Josh can use the tall stall. He's a tall boy. You know, I use that stall. I like that one. I had to get the rod guard. It's comfortable. The bars are good, especially if you have a, you know, any grown-in did it. Who should get the permanent 24 slot on QAM? Mandich, I wouldn't let me fall. See, it erupted me here. Mandich, 29, sud-16, bring back Moes, 16, Kurdish, 13. I'm all the same anywhere. 11, the big O11. Who is kissing around heavy duty this morning? Reverend Jones has got 10. George has got six. Well, you're moving into Reverend Jones territory now. Oh, gee. The crow five, guilty five. See, wait, this is right there. I laid right there for you. Okay, yellow, who's on again today? And then on out of all freaking week long. And of course, with a seasoned ending, very, very soon for the Panthers. I mean, he's going to be available a lot in the summertime. Oh, my God. Thank God. I won't be around that much. Oh, geez. Counties got five. Bo camp for three. Joseph Gackie, two, letting Martes do any social and one. I hate this. Hold on. Have any. See, they like this one. This is the kind of craft that they would like to sink their teeth into. Although, if I may go to vote, along with any social, they want to feel left out. This, this is the kind of garbage they want to sink their teeth into. They seem to feel like they got something to say about some. You know, which they don't need it a wee, but nevertheless. Oh, I do have one story. Can I do this one? After the 2004 presidential election, Kaihoga County election workers in Ohio was secretly screwed at rules, decided to make sure that all votes were counted correctly, a special prosecutor's charging now. While there was no evidence of vote for all yet, the prosecutor said the efforts were aimed at avoiding an expensive and very public hand-re-count of all votes cast. Three top-county elections officials have been indicted. An eerie county, that's the Ohio eerie county prosecutor Kevin Baxter, Kevin Baxter, who wrote that article says more indictments are possible. Michael Vue, executive director of the Kaihoga County elections boards said workers followed procedures that have been in place for 23 years. He said board employees had no objection to any exhaustive hand-count if needed, meaning they had no motive to break a law. Internet bloggers have cried fouls since 2004 about election results in Ohio. One of the key states in deciding the election, they've been tracking Baxter's investigation with online post about the embankments. Baxter's prosecution said as an Ohio's safeguards for ensuring that every vote is counted. Baxter charges that Kaihoga election workers mindful of being month-long Florida be count in 2000, not only ignored the safeguards, but worked to defeat them during all house 2004 recount. Candidates were present from the Green and Libertarian parties request to the Ohio recount. Obviously, not the Democrats, because they're a bunch of whispers. State laws and regulations specify how a recount works. Election workers need to count your supposed account. Three percent of the ballots by hand and by my sheen randomly choosing presence for that count. If the hand and my sheen counts match, the other 97 percent of votes are recounted by my sheen. If the numbers don't match, workers repeat the effort. If they still don't match exactly, the work has must complete to be count by hand a tedious process that could take least in cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. But the fish was in at the Kaihoga election board, Baxter says. The fish was in. Got it? They mean up the real good at governing, but they sure are good at two things, stealing elections and smearing and smearing. It's the Carl Roe of F and Way. Well, I tell you one thing, by Monday. Well, that's right. You'll be on vacation anyway, but you'll be looking at this over the weekend. Who, me? Yeah, you'll be checking this pull out. It'll be an eagle down likely. Yeah, you will. Look at that. You're almost up to I will listen anyway. The times you put me on there, I've never voted for myself. You've all looked, I didn't vote for you. That's because you weren't on there yet. Of course you're not there. How now can you do two or two or four anyway? Well, what kind of crap is that? The hand, it's noot, they're not going to hire such and they're not going to put on a non-sport show. This is all mood. This is just a, you know, my wife. It's an exercise. It's an exercise in fruit till it is. It's a good exercise. WCWA and pull line. Hello. Go gator. Yeah, yeah, yeah, gators. Oh, I wish we could play that Jennifer drop and can't play that anymore either. Oh my god, go gators. Talk about a funny funny man. Oh, you can. Yeah, exactly. Gators, my ass. But you're Yahoo's. Was he on the team? Did he have something to do with that on the team? He probably don't even go there either. He probably never went there. He's probably never been in Gainesville in his life. Oh, he's just another front-riding punk is what he is. Okay, with no light. Hey, I think that's what he said right then the car. I have no light. Yeah. I have no light. I have no light. I have no light. Maybe he's just screaming. Hey. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Just sitting here to get this. It's filling up my car and I'd like to thank President Bush because that was two dollars and nine cents a gallon. All right. It's going up. When this summer, may anyone see nothing yet. Oh, great. Thanks a lot. You have to give a second mortgage, man. You'll need it. All right. Have a good day. Bye-bye. I like that. Thanks for reminding us. Thank you, Mr. President. If it was low gas prices, you and your rag head friends over there in Saudi Arabia. Let me say it again. You know, you believe whatever you want, all you know people out there, the Bushes and the Saudis, man. They are as there as tight as a snare drum. There as tight as the chiefs of a witches. That's how tight they are. So you can, you know, you can confabulate all you want. All kinds of cockamy, the ideas in your head. The fact that a matter is that the world is being raped, you did. Okay? But any commander taught about alternative sources of energy and do that smoking, Jim Brutini, his the fact that a matter is man. The gang rape is a real laugh to these people because that's what's going on. And of course, didn't we just have on there the other day about the wrecking profits these people are making, but they're the profits still are good enough, man. Not good enough. You're never going to say this by exon and mobile and unicall, all these other people. And of course, when it comes to unicall, how homin cars I do and over and Afghanistan. You know, homin cars I who have a moucher of stress has not a clue what's going on in his own country. That's what your buddy, you shy shot moucher of said last week. He said homin cars I don't have no idea what's going on in Afghanistan. That's what he said. See if there was stuff even so much deli there if they would sub trend imitating to Jews, they may hate to Jews, but they keep you no idea. That's why they like that all the time. In fact, there's never cars I said he said to food in Afghanistan is delicious, which ought to be in your lexicon by now. I give you that to begin. I'm going to show this more in top of it. I'll show you how delicious the opposite of delicious is. How delicious. And if you have a meal once you don't like, you might want to say it incorrectly in Russian. It's not really delicious. Got it? Got it. All right. I hope you take your oats on this because it'll chicken and he sure does some damn good you're doing. Because it's very embarrassing the bad stuff too. I don't want to correct them because it's funny when they say they were Spanish. Right. Kind of like butchered deferretile. Let's talk about the rocky and bulming. What are you saying? And now we're talking. I mean South Park is great and the daily show is the wonderful because it's scripted and he's not funny at all, but the show is scripted and he, you know, we do well. But I think now's the time for fractured furry tails coming back in. Let's take up the Hans Conrine and we're never hoping about it. I'm a sailor, I'm a James speaking for it. Hmm? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Ha ha ha ha. Supposedly the moment of South David. Got the role of script from the telephoto. Thank you, no. If it's not really, he's a hungry, pinkly boy. No, no, the bull will go show. And I and your booster is terrible. He's the big cat. Oh, we go. He's still. I've never heard the tale like. I mean, whatever show had the host who sings dances, recites poetry and has athletes. Well, this network, anyway. I suppose you want to be my coach, Royal Key of the TV. Well, that is why it's the Bowling show. Oh. Wow. Yeah. That was the price of the mission. I'll take it. Okay. That's it. One of my all time favorites. I think maybe over the weekend, I'm going to watch all those Bowling cool DVDs that chicken X and me. I would. They're great. I'd like to talk about my face. Get ready for a long week next week with no George Man. It'll be just me and Josh. Josh is going to, he's going to unload all next week. What do you think about this place? Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long? How about getting it? It's been $1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner. The five star edition of the carrier infinity system. And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of track-out area families for three generations. As a carrier factory authorized, they've been Royce guarantees you 100% satisfaction. And the guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning have now invented the new carrier infinity system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted self for maximum efficiency. And speaking of that, to get maximum efficiency on your present air conditioner all summer and all year long, join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. And this is how it works. Twice a year, they inspect into an up-your system. It'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have a problem. And 10% off an A needed repairs. All of this, all of these things. All of these things. For just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose a two speed infinity system of pure on or just never ending piece of mind with a Comfort Club either way, make the Royce Choice Royce Air and Heat license number CACO58562. Call Royce Air and Heat Tool 3 at 1-800-377075. That's Royce Air and Heat Call 1-800-377075. This is new Roger. Oh, oh, this is 5.6E. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. So it's Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. And I think I would get a little more okay! So yeah, going toetry the game. Where have you guys gone so far? Someone is there to bite or break the headleedo. to kill up for hot tummies. Sometimes I wish I had a band of zombies. But I need a face from my home. What did you expect from the party in Bang Danes and my 74. 74 did, the number keeps rising and rising. Other than that. Oh, we're flying. You're going to have a documentary over there in Iraq. What do they do like a zigzag puzzle thing? Speaking of the immigration thing in Iraq, we just played which is an old one that they resurrected because they never straightened out the immigration problem so that bit is always good. The Senate side tracks with the immigration legislation they leaving in doubt prospects for passing a bill offering the help of citizenship to millions of men, women and children living in the US illegally illegally. Law breakers people came in illegally not people awaited online like real immigrants but illegal rest. Breaking the law. A carefully crafted compromise that supporters that claimed could win an overwhelming majority. Remember how breathless they were yesterday. Oh come up with a great kayak. We received only 38 of the 60 votes needed to protect it from a from weakening amendments by opponents. Republicans were united in the 38 to 60 parliamentary vote but Democrats who have insisted on no amendments laws six votes from their members. Six of their Democrats lost their members and you can tell that. I wonder if Hillary lost her member yet. You know they keep talking like she's a sure thing in the eye of the party. Part of the debate about the debate about that the decoy party does their plan. Talk about a debt wish. That's what the defense for a democratic party. Death wish. God. Anyway let's move along. Okay, don't need to get depressed. Not much we can do about that. Okay, a lot of problems out there. We're sure not going to sell them on some stupid ass show on our sports talk radio show. I mean sports talk radio station. Excuse me. How much have we got almost 200 votes on the new pool? What time we put this up 1125? If I'm not mistaken? 190. 919. 919. Aren't you a son and you have passed? You're making a move, Mr. you're one of the third place. Oh, I'm patent for the big time now. Every time with no. I think there's something symbolic to be said about that. I would have done a show with him if no one else would have. Nobody else would have. It would have been a pit. You would have been good all right. What have they kept taking the shins out of the table? I'm sure they're going to slot fight for four years. And you can his piece, the ain't going to have a musk rat. How much if I not see how, count your votes ahead of the time? Like Dibal, man. Just like Bush and Ohio. 200. Right on the money, man. Or any searchants got one. For two to four lame artist, three. There's a gacky, three. I hate this pool for the crow's got six. The crow. Once the crow wanted to raise the end of it, no. I'll call on you. We'd rather have mad dog and Curtis on and the crow. What's wrong with us? Both campers seven, guilty eight. Reverend Jones 11. Even Reverend Jones has got more than Kelly. We got Kelly on every day. You're poisoning clearance. You idiot. Let's see. What does that tell you? Listen to me. These people, don't care. Who did mole for amusement on this station? Reverend Jones or Kelly, okay? There is. Is there any? I mean, you know, we put that guilty on it. Like a 90 sure. This is a mafia. All right. What I talked about that about how to put Boko Brian on doing the Moin Geldy Show. Geldy eight, Reverend Jones 11, the big old 15, Curtis 17. They don't want Geldy enough with Geldy already. Okay, enough of this. I'm up at this. I will listen anyway, teen. Greenback, Mo 19. George Rodriguez 19. You move from nowhere from oblivion into which I with a mole. I got 20. So there you must have not reached that. Oh, yeah. Well, let me refresh it. No, I still got. Let's see. No, you got 23 now. Oh, geez. You've moved ahead of bring back Moin. I won't listen anyway. George 23, Mad Dog 35, and says it's got 36. Says a way that they won't hire many, because he doesn't do a sports show. That's right. Fussy doesn't work alone anyway. That's right. I mean, I love such a good idea of him being out from two to four. Just it's just ludicrous. You know what I'm saying? Okay. I'm just telling you. Wait, I'd rather add a set of farts than the most people talk. Really? Yeah. Or even over her to part heavy. I don't want to hear him fart. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear Joyce fart. It's like a B-Ox. I want to hear the sounded Joyce's gurgle, the gurgle, the gurgle, the sound of your life. Breath. That's what I want to hear. That's it. I want to hear the last girl from her burgle. The last, the death rattle from Joyce. Oh, man. I would have a party in my pants. Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention this long ago today. I apologize for, fucy. Because I don't want to be too newsy, but, and nobody cares about this. Except Insagradio people, you know. You know what I mean? That's a ludicrous. Michael Crasham. If you can't beat him, Crasham. Michael Crasham has been officially given managerial duties for all. Chief channels radio station in San Florida. Clear channel. Crasham has been serving as interim RVP. Market manager for the stations since the March, the departure of 30 year veteran. David Ross, a real a-hole of the river was won. Crasham was previously directed to sell so the company's Miami Cluster. And there's new road reports to clear channel SVP Tom Sherwood. They got more titles. P-B-P and RVP and P-C-P and T-C-B. As RVP, splice market manager for all San Florida. Crasham will oversee clear channel SVP and P-C-P. West Palm Beach, Boca. For a peer steward for a beach and a Florida Keys market. Crasham is a 35 year broadcast veteran who sells salesmen and positions. At stations and number of markets are really hoost and pitsberg, Austin. Nashville, Louisville and Tulsa. And it's an interesting 24 hours from Tulsa. Gene Pittagus died a couple days ago. You see the way these things work? I think Michael Crasham. Kind of a stir-fried. He didn't wake up the next day, 65 years old. And the pinkier health, they went concerts. It's feeling pretty good. He doesn't wake up the next day because I saw Michael Crasham. I'm going to testify, man. I'm going to be like scooter-living. I'm going to hop on my scooter and go to DC right now. And testify against Michael's Crasham. I'll clear channel my ass. You know? What a bunch of grave robbers. What a bunch of lunatics. People are just perfect for them. Be a sancene. Let's put him on from 2-4. Tell some real real-life stories of how many lives and careers he's destroyed. Let's put him on. Be captivating radio. I mean, that's a sport for him. It's a sport. Five, six, seven. Let's get these phones crank it again, man. Otherwise, I'm going home. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Town five, sixty, new Verizon, singular wireless line. And look at this last day of the campaign in Italy. Is that where the sting is? I'm sure that because it's a<|ru|> election. And Borlesco, he's giving him that. What do you say? I can't say the word on the air. We don't say it. It's that French thing. It's the buff on do. No, no, no. It wasn't defined. That way the air confusing him with the Scalia. Oh, that's right. You're right. No, no, he was doing the one with the, the D head deal. That's right. Right. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. W 2 a n, hello. 2 a n. Can I have this? Can I have this? You leave go adding a n. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to lose for a year and a little earlier in a matter of where you are. Even if you're on your reign as W 2 a n, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good. How about seven two problems? Why don't you put chicken neck on from two to four? That way we get a paycheck. Yeah, that's good idea. Get them off my back. No more pal Harvey Pitch. No new ones coming in? No. No. I like this. Mom, I'm happy for you. Okay, we'll pass that along to the powers of B. Every time he calls, he wants to hear a pal Harvey. I mean, some of them are kind of amusing and they're okay. Right. They're not exactly my favorite, right? But they're all right. But let me see if I can find one that's really a hoot. You think there's one that's really good? Uh, sir. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by hornews. A couple had two little boys. Johnny and Jimmy ages eight and ten who were excessively mischievous. The two are always getting into trouble and their parents could be confident that if any mischief occurred in their town, Johnny and Jimmy were involved in some capacity. Their parents were at their wits and as to what to do about their sons behavior. So they heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children in the past. So they contacted him and he agreed to give it his best shot. He asked to see the boys individually. So Johnny the eight year old was sent to meet first with the clergyman. Who sat Johnny down and asked him sternly where is God? Johnny made no response. So the clergyman repeated the question in an even stir-ered tone. Where is God? Johnny again made no attempt to answer the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the voice face. Where is God? And at that Johnny bolted from the room ran directly home and slammed himself in the closet. His brother Jimmy followed him into the closet and said, well what happened? Johnny said we're in big trouble this time. Jimmy got his missing and they think we did it. Paul Harvey. Good day. See it was kind of cute. He liked that. Yeah. He was fine. How many QAM hello? I got a suggestion for the food of four hours. About arm open. Mobits. Yeah, almost. How about you eat it? Almost all the time and all the pieces. I'm around. Mobits. And then at what's that guy's name that you went to see? You who have shifits to whatever. Right. How about Yasha Heitzets plays the violin from two to four? I guarantee you could break a one share. That's what we had last two trends. What I'm always on. I'll just crap about bring them back. If you like most time, I'll talk to me and then put it on when he was on it. I'm going to be just a little bit of what he was. Yeah. That's the thing that I don't understand. If you liked him a lot, how come he didn't write it down? He was good for a few yucks. He was good for a few yucks. He even at. W2AM hello. W2AM hello. Waken's at two to four. That's white light. Oh, that was Gilbert. Which would put him on. No, that was not. It was. It was. Get out of here. It was. I thought it was somebody doing a blind mic. That was Gilbert. I went. Waken's at two to four. Yeah, they would talk to you. Rick would talk to you. He talked to all the losers. Oh, yeah. And then of course it was Alex Bennett came along. He thought he was going to make you know he was a roll Rick anything. Like hey. And then he was a part of the. Tardas. Mark Mark I think is boring. Right. You know, you couldn't tell me anything because he was a legend in this online. That's why he's out of mobile and long hospital. Who were you and how he was. He was the most popular. He used to mobile his lungs. I think he's more of a book. But it's long now. It wears. Good at the lives while he did it to really. Uh, you know, and again, but that was the same story. You know, some people were good in the afternoon, like Hank and like Rick and such. And then they put him out in the morning and everybody's going, well, like. What would you do that? Why would you do that? Some people are afternoon people. And they do very, very well. And they belong there. And then they put him in the morning and like give my handicraft. And like, oh, do you have to be not doing great, right? Sorry. I was. I mean, when you know exactly what I'm talking about, I don't know. So like doing your little tap dance now, just give me a vacation next week. You're thinking you're going to sign. So the written Saturdays before and after and the same thing here. Right. If the Pete Bulger School of Programming just shut the up. Keep shut the back. That's right. Shut the back. Shut the back. Keep hoping that something lands right. You know, never mind. You have a follow. That's what he specialized in when he had to light bulb under his totalage there for a little while. He told you it was under his totalage. And believe me, from what I heard about his totalage, nobody would want to be under that. Like being under a dark cloud. And he just kept shuffling him around and shuffling around. Oh, yeah, let's put, uh, you know, uh, what's your name? Joyce Kaufman on in the afternoon. Let's put around in the morning now. Let's put the normal back on here. I mean, anybody would put normal on here in the first place. Need's mental health. Get with it normal. If that's your bell straightened out. Get some of this stuff done and quit that talking to good game. Pupp, pupp. You're like that. But what you want to talk to him? Who? I mean, he's the one that's making your deal now. I mean, it's strictly up to you. Oh, right. And he let the other day. I mean, if you want to get aggravated, I don't remember what he said. He's made it by talking from your family to the bill. No, no, no, no, you know something like I said, don't call him. Right. Don't call him, I figure a few, if you told him to do something, maybe right. Or have it out. Now they have sent me another bill. Uh huh. And I'll do the same thing I did with last time. I'll go. 1213 at 560 WM, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian-Gorne-Made with Fays rated by the get restaurant review and now every Friday through Sunday like this weekend like right now you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster servicitor or a stall and every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest you'll walk out of there with well with a smile on your face see thousands say something else crab Alicians still crab life maybe don't you know scrabbing jones stone crabs the many still food fresh oysters on a half-cell in a sushi bar with over 30 30 men different items you count them in a family and Georgia's dying the emokos also serves juicy delicious new or state-script order handcar prime of billions and ziggins of delicious on treason on the weekends for dessert leave room for the emokos amazing almost of scene 40 inch chocolate fountain it's like climbing a mountain but you're on chocolate found you can end if you're own fruit and they're strawberry marshmallows all kinds of decadent treats and when you're at the emokos be sure to check out their all new all new all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to talk you over twenty different items of sushi rolls in much more peering back at you the emokoses got three convenient locations there in some sunrise sunday else beat in pepper pines reservations suggested call nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two world-flinging emokos chinese buffet nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two tomahy different Richard the leaf's be done this is new resourceless you can afford your to Mexico Arizona and EXCCO ensure ordering state your just we're common But that's it, it's not so easy, fact. No farming veners, but they might instead. So there is no cause that you had. Not so much more potential, can't get up now. Just so they're not just... They only threat that I can see. We've got real problems, serious problems. But don't want to take that food as risk. You give me Agera Luda. You give me Agera Luda. Side-out of the night, the door of course, on our fourth night on our fourth beam of the right post. Get back to the broken bed, China. Nobody's gonna burn us on us by and a jump on to a five. We'll warn you to buy, we'll strike. We'll go buy, we'll do it to buy. We'll do it to the two of you guys. Thank you so much. Coming to you in five, six, you speakin' up. He's gonna come up to again, like it or not, from the bank of Lida Senate. He's only got nine votes. Probably most of those are Robert Creeper. Anytime you see the number, you know, Robert Creeper is fine, finger-resin' it. You know what I'm sayin'? Deep in it, Luda. Wait till you're this door. This is hysterical. Only I'm only gonna do that. I wanted to do two of these stories. What's this, thanks, Luda. It is Brian Schmuch, a semi-the-a-brandy stack from Monday. Let's go on Brian. See, he's on top of it. He's doing his job because he's a real sales guy, Brian. Other than that, we ain't got much. We got Todd Drek, you know, like... And that boy. And we got the high-shadow bread from Monday, York. From somewhere from hunger. To come a Washington, it says, Talk about taking a bite out of crime. Government lawyers try to confiscate the gold truthcamps. Notice grills from the mouse of two men facing drug charges. Saying the dental work qualified as feasible assets. They had them in a vehicle headed to a dental clinic by the time defense attorneys persuaded the judge to halt the procedure. They were gonna yank the gold truthcamps out of their mouth. The grill. Yeah, the grill. I've been doing this for over 30 years. I've never heard of anything like this. Richard J. Truberman, a pest president of Washington Association of Criminal Defenselers, it sounds like Nazi Germany when they were moving the gold teeth from the bodies. Release them, they waited until they were dead. Good point. Oh, you can't take my grill. Why? Think I'm chilling while you're phone going from a grillin'? Yeah. Let's throw a little drillin'. What do you say? The prosecutors had a war to seize the gold dental work. So when the document is a lawyers involved in the case, they eventually abandoned the effort, saying they mistakenly thought the grills were removable. They're like a plate like my used to have. Right. It customized tooth caps popularized by rappers such as Nelly, are made of precious metals and jewels and cost thousands of dollars for a full set. So can be snapped out of the teeth, dollars are permanently bonded out of the teeth. Flenard, teen eel junior, Oflenard, a flenny, and Donald Jamar Lewis both are permanently bonded grills. Neil and Lewis both charged with several truck and weapons violations were taken to. They from the federal detention center, Lewis Marshall's office, whether we told the government had a warrant to seize their grills. Oh, God, I wonder if you can make a good burger on those. They called their lawyers as they were about to be taken to a dentist at Miriam's Shorts. Neil's public defender, Miriam's Shorts. A permanent stay at the seizure order was that day by US magistrate J. Kelly Arnold. Was that day at Megasins? Asset forefritures are fairly routine procedure and our attorneys run the impression that these snacked out like a retainer. They defends where it was criticized what they said was a planned desk intent to add the grills removed. It will be a trio to the anchovier grill. It's shocking that this kind of action by the federal government could be sought and accomplished in secret. Without anyone being notified by the federal government say, since xenon Peter Obert, who represents Lewis, reminds me of the secret detention of those terrorist cases, they're going to employ, they're going to anchor your grill, okay? That's what this Nazi government of ours is doing now. They're going to get a grill through by anchovier grill. So cut the crap. Sounds kind of... To me. No, give it to him. 260 feet votes on a pool. What? That's in less than an hour. This is almost like old time. Can we do this for old time sake? See how told you man, we got to like this start. We came worried about the other 20 hours. I said that a few days ago and then I thought like I should have said that. I should have said it. Arnold's hard. That's a good word. We like to be a team player no matter what stage of the day isn't the occasion to get queues of, well, Neil wrote care about anybody on which is crap. Nobody from once the other shows more than I do. But, but, you know, we got to start taking care of business here from Teted 2 because the rest of this thing is crumbling like a smash grill. Any good? Crumbling like that, two to mind, last couple weeks, go remember that? That's right. That you get some grillin when you win in there? Oh, no. Ice-raid soft-floated head chops. Uh-oh. You would think that a permanent homeline security is immigration and customs enforcement ice division, formerly INS, would be busy fighting terrorism and securing the borders. But, you'd be wrong. According to this is from a website called stuffthedrogword.org. According to ice, at least part of its mission is to keep America bomb free. Hear that George Bung Free? It's the Bung Show. Free Bung? Some of its special agents spend last Friday serving federal search and seizure warrants against five South Florida head chops all in the Gables area. In the moral Gables area, the range resulted in the seizure of 5,500 drug-perfinated items worth more than 250 grand ice reports. What if they got any grills? The raiders didn't limit themselves to pipes and bongs, however. They also seized rolling papers and stash containers designed to look like commercial products, such as women's lipstick, Q-ups and paeders rolling papers. So what are they going to start writing the circle K? They're next on the floor of Monday. They got the good stuff, I hear. These shafts have a dangerous, a dangerous lie about drugs and drug use. He's used turkeys. Oh, Jesus Christ. Speculated in charge of ice in Miami. It's obvious they want people to think it's okay to take drugs. This is simply unacceptably said, unacceptable to take drugs. Do you know that when you smoke in a fat when you're taking drugs, I didn't know that? No. Underfederal law, speaking of smoking by the way, when hello cigars get in here, I'm getting really pissed off about that idea that bread from New York. He's a moron. Underfederal law, any bone in any pipe not made of wire or corn cob, is considered drug-perfinated. Well, in parts of Florida, they do strain things with corn cob. You can't scrub relief. It's a lot of regular drug-prevapy. Whether or not it's actually been used for that purpose. Similarly, other items that appear to be intended for using consuming. It may appear to be intended like those little coaxe ones. They have a different food joint. It can also be considered drug-perfinated. Sort of like any little teaspoons at home. They're going to come and raid your house and drag your ass away. The rate is the latest in operation up in smoke. And what's with the QC name anyway? A continuing ice Miami initiative launched in December 2003 to after businesses that legally import manufacture and distribute drug-perfinated soft Florida. It remains unclear why ice is assigned itself the mission of enforcing perfinated manufacture and distribution offenses that are entirely domestic. Nevertheless, since the initiative began ice-special aid since it observed about 25 federal search warrant and sees more than 85,000 items, provided more than $2 million the agency boasted. And I'm sitting here reading this in a place where you can walk out on the street and smell the softening smoke from people smoking a big fat one. And nobody gives a flying crap. While no rest of it made businesses have been put out of business, more search and seizure warns are coming down the pike. I said, no demand enforcing drug-perfinated laws is a top priority for ice. The whole line security is immigration and customs enforcement ice. First, they're going to ink off your grill and then they're going to like the anchor ice. That's very nice. Yeah. That nice? Not. How much have they got head? Nice. 560, pound-560 in the Verizon SIGGET arrival slime. Who'd they like? They like suds, no chance. 51, mad dog 50. Move them up. Have mine after us. That's his only hope. 278. On a vote, telly. You got it, Sally? 278. George Rodriguez 35. He's moved into respectable third. I'm going to listen anyway. 28. No matter what you do. Bring back mode 25. Why didn't you listen when he was here? You idiots? Why didn't you write it down even if you weren't listening? Curtis 22. The big O. Oh. 19. How much of those bring back mode? It's probably from across the street. 11. Remember, Joseph's got 11 and Gully's only got 9. See that? That tells you how best they want to hear anything besides Gully. That's why we got him on air base. Stinking dangling food today. Oh my god. Put a socket and a gully. The crow's got 8. Kimpable camp for 7. I hate this pool 5. Joseph Gackie for. Let me mark test 3 in early sochin. One for all times. Has got one. 9. For Gully. I think next week while you're out. Maybe you can find a good hitman. It's a little assignment. No, I've been looking for one for a while. Yeah. I don't want to mention any names because I don't want to be implicated. But, guys, there's a little clue is where we start. This is a new writers. This is 5. 16. Why do you trust him? Just one never want to cigarette. Because memory loss. And paranoia. Just one joy. They'll drive you to madness. It will make you pluck out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dresser. The world as you know it will cease to exist. You will live in alternate realities like being travelled to death by fat in a period of Jamaican winning. In fact, someone took the studies and shown that paranoia causes polio. And will make your balls. River lupid's a tiny little BB means smoking will belong or make you die. Really? We gotta believe this. We have to say things like that. Oh, and done sexy bad too. This was a straightforward by the partners against Father America. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Come on, man. I'm afraid you're. What you can smoke me, you can do it. You can really gotta do it. It's gonna be fine. I'm fine. What you can see is a song. It's gonna be in a bomb. It's gonna be fine. When you're in a game, you're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. You're down. We're up. We're up. Just try and play and do a song. And you can play and do a song No matter how many them. You'renot G. All alone. We're all alone. All alone. All alone. Catch this guy thanomatic team. Now we're moving to time point here. After some battles, he's up, momentum, and80 more kick the noises. HAHAHA grandma. Right. The 33-AQM I want you to know though you should feel real safe over the weekend. This story will reassure you, even though it's a Brit story from London. British anti-terrorism detectives escorted a man from a plane after a taxi driver had earlier become suspicious when he started singing along to a track by pump band to clashfully. When they make use of suspicious, which track was it? They'll get to that, just relax. The detective sold a London bomb flood at Durum T's Valier port in Northern England and her eyes man, who her eyes sounds like one of them, Shmatae's 24-Wrestaken Off the Plan. The taxi driver become worried on the way to the airport because man had been singing along to the crash as 1979, and then London calling, which featured the lyrics, now war is declared and battle come down, while other lines of war are now being melted down and expected. The man told British newspapers that the taxi had been fitted with a music system, which allowed him to plug in his MP3 player and he had been playing the clash, Prokel here and Led Zeppelin, the Beatles to the driver. He didn't like Led Zeppelin to the clash, but I don't think there was any need to tell a police man to the Daily Mirror. A Durum police spokeswoman said man had been released after questioning, but had missed his flight. The report was made with the best of intentions and we wouldn't want to discourage people from contacting us with genuine concerns, she said. So if you're listening to the clash, London calling, they're going to like call your ass and give it a good grilling and then steal your grill. I like that. I don't. 560560, let's do another sweep. Another phone call sweep here, a thousand in a row, okay, 50,000 calls in a row. We got guilty from the end of center where two to seven, because the Panthers have planned, Sid Cross being a penguins tonight and that's probably Sid Cross being. If you're going to do a pro-Mosfit of Panthers, at least get it right. Nobody calls him Sid. Sid the kid maybe, but not Sid. Sidney, okay Sidney. Maybe that show welcome back. What was that show with Tony Randall? Some kind of a show. Sidney. Love Sidney. If he's a so, never been there though. I'll never bet him. Pretty QAM, hello. I'd like to add the boyfriend to the pool. Yeah, okay, great. Well, we wouldn't. Okay, we'd like to, like that. 560560, pound 560, that was a Reverend Joe's boyfriend for those of who haven't figured it out yet. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, good afternoon Neil. How are you? Good afternoon. When is Saturday, so, me go? Hey, I'm just out. Thank you for the dream field's past. I had my fiance get some the first week you had mentioned it. Yeah. And I actually have a little bit of a solution. I do her not. And actually my blood pressure is gone down too. I have a hypertension and things. Well, we did. It's fine. If you're a hemorrhage, too, if you put it into my place, I can't know. Good job. I've never heard any. I go sit on a box right now. Thanks. 560560, pound 560, the feaster family. You know what I mean? First, I was saying nothing about it. And now we're getting like so many calls. It sounds like a setup. It's a little fishy to me, you know. Well, fishy, though, was that awful and nasty stuff? What was that called? Oh, sure, it's talking to me. Oh, oh, oh. Don't ever tell anybody I had talked about that stuff. God, that was bad. Only was like poop. It was just like sneaker laces. Not sure laces, but sneaker laces. You know, white, real bad. Aller this chronic, chronic rust, the chronic and cocoa. See, I told you this chronic. I'm going pulled being conducted by AOL today, which party would you prefer to control Congress? So far, 129, almost 130,000 votes. 101. About 2 to man. Most Democrats, 66% Republicans, 26% other 9%, says, wow, have a fine weekend. TC, chronic and cocoa. Well, you know, that's great, but today is only the seven-day for elections on November Sunday, rather, first week in November. And knowing that a McCrab party is what does I do. And also knowing that Republicans and all these shenanigans, they can pull like maybe another terrorist attack or something convenient. Like that. It wouldn't surprise me to see that a McCratt says, yeah, and that's their speciality, man. Yankee defeat from the draws of victory. They can do it like nobody else. You'll see. I hope I'm wrong, but don't start counting votes here. Unless you got the right machine. Somebody QAM, hello. And we know the Republicans have the right machines, man. WMQAM, hello. Not there. Voidis is a real sad turner events, you know what? Saw your fault, Ross. WMQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Who still use rolling papers? Haven't they heard of blood? Dilling blood is a bad to roll you weed in today. Yeah. Can we know? Can we get rid of the roll? Okay, give me a way to get rid of the papers, man. That's not easy to do. Yeah, so you have to have a certain technique. So go on, you wee real sure how to do it. You mean, she didn't have to have to practice and she didn't pretty good. Well, they got machines for that. They got a good machine to do that now. Where? Where those places that are getting busted. Oh, yeah, all them headshot. Oh, fast. I don't know. They got headshots here. I don't see anybody waiting or putting them out of business. I just, that's amazing to me. It's just, we know it's not. It's part of the course. Thank God they don't have no other places in Amsterdam, where you guys are going to be traveling off to with all that money that you're going to be getting next. That's pretty good. Oh, yeah. They're going to put a little, when Joe Bell comes back from the West Coast, he's going to have a big sack of cash, just like Sandy Claus. Because that's what he wants to be anyway. You know, wants to be the good human man. He's going to be rolling around 100s here, 1000s there. Way to the gives you that billion dollar bill. That's going to be a real hoot. You know, that purple one with Joyce's picture on it. Actually, it's Joyce's. That's the ass on it. WQA, hello. QA, hello. QA, M, hello. QA, M. I'm speaking. I was looking over the internet for finding water that gets you water or the origin. I'm going to get anything. Can you help me with it? Where what is? Get you. I love the water that you keep doing. Look at the guy. Oh, you look at the sketchy. He's just going to let you have had him. You'll find thousands of them. Or just go to South Beach. You'll find him all over there. Not South Beach. I mean, whatever the North Beach, whatever that is. It was a little, Arthur Godfrey Road, where that virulent anti-symite used to hang up. And get you. In fact, wait till about June or July, what it gets to be about 140 degrees in the shape. And they all got the big hats and then really having coats on and the outfits and the beards out of their knee. Well, I tell you one thing, if they ever skin their knee, they don't have to wear a bottle of got to do his foot there. Stick their beard on it. Soak up all of that blood. Get you. Now, it's, and of course, when I just talking about that, I'll see them. I mean, they're good poster children. But just take a look at all of them. Guys, roll around those magic carpets with their, uh, back down up high in the year. Okay. So, what's the difference between a get you in a smurntric? There's no relationship. A smurntric is just like a smock. Well, what's the smurntric? I think if I see a bunch of muslims with their ass up in the year, they're going to awfully, I could be wrong with this. Is Neil Rye? Are they going to be in this carpet? This is five, sixteen, two, eight, six, eight. That's not what the Panthers are ready. When the hell those obeisers have begun anyway, aren't they? Who are they even blood by our chain? The Panthers have got to be the kingdom of the earth. When they come down, you expect us to fall. The tongue should go ahead and front of the Barney as his mind has started to purple blow. They lost their flag hold, just he's with the cold. This is crazy or father's day. It doesn't have to cover. Since they're on the river, should go and go, act, job, praise, come to me. The Panthers have been the kingdom of the earth. When for sixteen, these traits of the cycle war, that's included. You're fair. He makes stupid claims and calls bad, loud, or bad name. He's simply out of his door to buy a thing. He's simply out of his door to buy a thing. So that call that's what the protest season inspired me. I found it by Webster called BobbyGram.com, Yiddish Glossery. I haven't found Gishki yet. For ten, there's only about 7,000 pages on this again. Right? That's how he would spell it. I don't know. There are a lot of, and mostly Yiddish words you never see in print. Anyways, Yiddish rose around a thousand years ago for middle-high German and spreads throughout the get-os of Central Eastern Europe, borrowing words from the countries in which the Jews live. Thus it incorporates words from a Hebrew, Russian, Polish, other-slavic languages, romance languages, and later English. Before WWII, Yiddish was spoken by more than 11 million people, today it's spoken by perhaps a tenth that many. Many assimilated Ashkenazi American Jews, whose grandparents or great grandparents only spoke Yiddish, or we spoke as the first language, really know any words at all. This is a Shanda, a shame, a pity. Many Yiddish words are under the American English lexicon. You'll find Maven, Expert, and Gana thief in most dictionaries. Words such as Schmachter, Nage, Omega-Li-Li-Ud, and Film, on TV in books and magazines without translation. The addition of Orion being with SA Chan to donate something of a little consequence, Hospital Schmachtspittle. So long as your healthy, it's purely a English construct. It's got examples of syntax that Jews use like a smart he isn't. Sark has them through an Oculus Diction. He only tried to try to shoot himself. Scorns to reverse word order. Already you're discouraged? Careful, curses sanctioned by nominal cancellation. May all your cheats to teeth fall out except one so you'd never two take God for bid. And then it goes to Tateh, how to pronounce CH. As if you're cleaning your phone from your throat. Yeah, it's if your R is gently rolled as in a single R and Spanish or French. Now let's see, I'm looking at everyone we're going to find. Oh, I see these here in alphabetical order. Maybe I could have found Getsky. I'm going to have to go back to this. Excuse me, I didn't realize. Does it have Schmachter? Well, if I'm not to the GZ and how can I beat to the S? I'm going to check that out. Jesus. Yeah, it's got holy cheeses. If he'd a lot of cheeses to a good enough Fleming you throw. Oliveye, well, I beat his own, as long as your healthy, hospital Schmachtspittle, Begusun. Oliveye, it's your only happen may it come to pass. I'll take Conqueror. Or that's just our Florida thing. Oh, literally an old and old Schmacht or as we say in English an old fart. Sometimes, simply called AK. Years ago, my mother was trying to convince my then eight year old nephew that they actually knew quite a bit more years than he realized. For instance, you know what, another Conqueror, she said, knowing he'd used the word around him off and his face lit up. Yes, I know that when it means a slow driver, he said. Conif, literally America, the American, the American, the thief, which has both positive and negative connotations, gone to Fist thief. Oh, there's this words on here I never heard of. Well, let's go. Lay a bird. Oh, I know what I did is it's called strange volabusti. And it's organized on a make, oh, make her that downer read with some volabusti. I just, Baria, a Baria is a regular Martha Stewart, a homemaker puts the rest of us to shame. By shirt means it's destined it was meant to be faded to be. It's by shirt. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. There's a question here. perspective. maybe part of it works about this ad. We haveạc and salvicia government. What is the best a regular guy is I know. He's a tragic a list of OKC. Am rwo of75 Agil Yeah. He sees the news sales manager. лs- o bi feeding of sickness. Also nausea and you see that dress you was wearing it was positivity. Colluscious or like bad food could taste delicious. Wow. This is beautiful. Causer. I think far boy. Like a snorke. No, not at all. Causer, a pig or anyone who behaves like one. Either in their eating financial or personal grooming him. Oh, what a hazard. I don't think he's bathed in a week. No wonder that's Causer went out of business. He kicked all the profits and played his impetus employees. Book us. Wow. China. I'm going to start printing. I'm going to have to start printing more pages. You know, this is getting me the mood for what's that? Yeah, who fights it. Oh, coming up soon. Siddery, I'm going to have to print out the rest of this next 400 pages. Now, what was that looking for? Oh, Getskis. Yes. I might find that. That's all he worth. Was it in dollars? That would be a Mahaya. That would be a real Mahaya. Five, six, seven here on all Jew radio. WDUAM. Jam on it. WDUAM. Hello. That there. See the busier here and all the others. They don't have time to hang on. How dare you? Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, five, six. The pound five, six, the revised and singular wireless sign. We got guilty of two in spite of talking to the man. WDUAM. Hello. Nelson Roger Solomon, please. Speaking. I'm from a Solomon here. Hi. Listen, the ominous speaker, highly of a check it out. I used NUDU shall the time. I used Schmier. And I used Getskis. And I used a Manchin. All that. But one thing is the Getskis. I think it's scope at the end is KT because I think I've seen it somewhere before. Well, actually seen a Getskis. I've actually seen it's felt somewhere. And now there's a, there's a super tuned will be coming out too. I don't know the name of it, but it's coming out soon. Also. Okay. Thanks. How do you do this family? All right. Now, let's be reason. Okay. Okay. Let's see. Let me look to see if I can find that website. I just had it on here. Uh, uh, do you know, say it when you have to do that and start all over again? I do. I didn't even Google the Getskis in the other, shouldn't I find I probably spelled it wrong to the open it or the window. It's that. No, I'm just I'm just going to go back to this thing after the break. 560, 750, 560. You know, this said there's no Christian language. Not interesting. What he talked about it? Well, what's the Christian language? American English, I'll have you know, is Christian language? You boy. Yeah. Since when? Since we said so. Oh, I see since Bush got told us we're going to convert the world. Excuse me. Making a speaker. Come to the U.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. A couple things is a book. I haven't been on my bookshelf at all. The cold. A race a year. It just didn't take that. It might be a good reference for you. You buy that and come in a book. So the other thing is that shit draws me think. There's only a good is is almost as good as the uh, the radio commercial heard from the organization last week to come see Mario and oh yeah, he's a pretty well these days. I take it. I'm not going. He's not going any penalties. I'm going to see shit tonight, but uh, I guess I'm not going to see you in a narrative. I mean, there's a unbelievable. He'll be around. He'll be up there in a press box. He'll be way away from me. All right. Thanks, Sally. Yeah, Mario, we've started for the 40 of time. Just in case the Panther organization whoever does those promo is enough to is enough to is enough to what whatever. So these are like in alphabetical order now. How am I going to do this? How to hell does this thing work? I'm back on it. Mm-hmm. Oh, I'm up to the arse. Oh, I can't just trust all on page then goodness. Okay. All on page at least online. You know, I mean, you can just pull all the way down. Now, let's see uh, gotten you. Oh, you vey, gotten you. Means I could have in this my goodness. Got it. That's uh, with the night. Got his long johns. This doesn't I don't think this has got no getch key. Uh, maybe it does. I'll find it. You try. You got a good. You try a stream. Now, give a kick. Let her literally give a look. Give a kick. Blink. Blink. Blink. There's no getch key in here. Oh, oh, that's bad. I've been leading this down the path. Oh, I can't hear this for her. I've been teaching her as well. Okay, you're not going to have to be on. Literally, we're going to have to jump in the ocean. That's right. You're just so early. Go about that. That's my favorite get cock to not being on this. But never work. Don't let the joys here. You all take joys. Yeah. You know, you're not going to have to be good. You know, you're not already. You're shy. Uh, now, there's no getch on here. I would say that when you wanted with an S. Oh, uh, Schmendrick. Yes. Okay. Now, somebody's words. Uh, I don't want to say that anybody in my family ever made these up. But I think in all Jewish families, there were people that made words up. Uh, let's see. Here's Slimeo. Yeah. That's too old. I don't know. It's Slimeo. Slimeo. Slimeo. Slimeo. Slimeo. Charlie the guy with the rain cloud always over his head. When the Slimeo skills is soup, I thought that was a flat one. When the Slimeo skills is soup, it's the Slimeo. He's skills are not perfect. I see. What am I looking for? Schmendrick. There's no Schmendrick. Oh, there's Schmaltz. Right. There's Schmata. Okay. There's Schmackle. Uh, I can't say that. Sorry, Joyce. That means a little, uh, a little member. Oh, here. Schmendrick. Schmendrick. A pathetic loser half-less soul and in a nymph nymph and poop, a Slimeo. We do have a lot of words for such people. Think of Jerry Lewis doing his lady. Bit and you think of Schmendrick. It says. All right. Got it. Got it. I've always told you that Schmendrick can sell me a lot of basic with the same. It's all about. Well, he's been changed. Like they're in the SCH's. It's love the perfect. The Eidla. Okay, listen, 1257's speaking of idiots. Then be indivated in the Senate this week. But it would be. But it would be. There's Schmata. He's out by the way. This is he's. He's he's. This is 516. It's the van to two. Oh, man. Hi, very. ... She's said. If we're arguments, go back to the question. I'm a rubber bander with a matcher, there's a fish. If a fish ain't over the ground, I'm a dangerous helmet. I don't think I don't like a man who can't shoot for me. She said, well, that's enough, I need a fish. I'm standing here all day and my team applies me. I bet I get the hallowed aura from the middle east. I say these on your kidney, you lay my foot on me. I tell you these things I'm gonna show up again. I have a bit bad, it's a lot of rubber bander. I only hope that this rate drains nice and nice. Drightly streaming speed pass. Good, catch your hoist. I've got my teeth as a result of that I mean, you never been a leaf. But for my come start to me, me, my wife's ain't watching around every team. I just throw it out and train a micro-romantic achievement. I said I should be embarrassed by the bowling of art. They should only expect no ones from a tight-divering pot. Then I might end and decide to turn a fair-light deer. I can go right now. I'm still in here. We know she should take our way in and get the full of nourishment. I made a bad girl and I'll think that you're coming. I wish she said my teacher show me an opleasure. She must, I should try to catch an online hanner book. I'm not sure if I can get a good place. I'm not sure if I can get a good place. I got a good place. Man, he's alive and well and George is going to go see him again. If you ever go see him, he goes on a pull so far. Who should get the permit in two to four-stall on a cue? If you're right, this pull is absolutely pointless. But it kills some good time. And it's better than a Katie Kirkrap. I hated that. Nobody cares about that. Sudskohman's 68, Jimanted's 68. It's a flat-footed even though he got 70 to 68. They're just in the lead. Oh, well, I better refresh than, huh? Oh, yeah. Man, it's 7 in Sudskohman. That's very rare that you're a head of me. Because your computer's so slow. You're right about that. Poor he's got 45. I won't listen anyway, 36. Bring back Mo 31. Curtis 31. The big O, rhymes with Mo 23. Reverend Jones has got 12. Kibbo Kampere 11. I hit this full nine. The crow nine. Even the crow is tied with Geldey. He was slipping down several notches. He's got only nine. He's like the panthers. He's dropping out a few notches. Joseph Gaki five, early Sotian three, and Lenny Martelli are three out of 365. This is our second poll. We're miscicated, Kirk Pollissant. And we don't line it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get about 45,000 calls in between now and two o'clock. We've reverted back to that phone, baby. We're going to lean on it heavy to rest of this year. We're leaning on it. Are we? And let's hope that the beastly state of bills, so they don't disconnect the phone. WCWM, hello. Sorry, Neo. Yes, sir. About the blunt man, I'd rather eat a turtle according to what one of them. Okay, well, we'll send you right over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, and we've arisen in singular wireless line. I guess it must be blunt time, huh? Special. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neo. Mr. Mr. The grocery store the other day. And how much fruit can you fit in the can? Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Solid. Doctor, the man. Tell me the QAM, hello. Hey, Neo. On Tuesday, you said no dramatic, but does not make you a hypocrite, because you always know dramatic about the radio station. What are you talking about? So what line would you are speaking? I said, I said, who is melodramatic? You, I don't know who you're talking about being melodramatic, but you always know dramatic about the radio station. No, I'm not. Yes, you were just honest about it. I'm not, I'm not the least bit melal. Maybe dramatic, but not melal. No, you're lying, man. You complain all the time. Yeah, well, don't listen in. But, don't listen. He already started. Yeah, you can't stop, Neo. Why not? Can't stop. Who said anything rough stop? No, I did. Go away. 560 by the way, you're going to be deported. Once we pass that bill, a legal man, alien, I can tell. I don't know where you're from, I think, hunger, but you're going to get deported. Hippocrite. 560 melodramatic, maybe we were talking about Lou Dobbs over the top, I said. Who that was I talking about? I was talking about. Typical. Come with you, William. Hello. Neo, the other day you said something so true that people... There you go. The other guy said I was talking about. What was it? What? So true about everything. Who loves one? The people that get you raped by the government, the gas, the gas, the old company. Yeah, there you go. We all are the police. They're the police. They're all America's. Tell me how to bend over and when I should do it again. That's correct. And if you put an idea for the police, how high most gas gets before people really come out to the streets and complain? I would say... Not turned man. Now, how do you know where we are? Eight months. Thank you. Good luck, you're pali. Thank you. Don't be a schmendric. 560, even the glamour speaking edition floor. I've one thing about New York. And you've been in New York City both of you. You've been a trash right? Many of times. Even the glamour in New York speak a lot of you. And that's because there's three women in Jews there. So if it's like anything else, it's like you notice all the angles and stuff for the speak. A lot of Spanish expressions, certain words. Not certain expressions. And then that was saying that's our chance to hear. Like what? Give me one. Oh, nothing we could say in the air. Oh. But I'm a serious in New York. It's very, very seldom even find a Gentile who doesn't understand a lot of you. There's been this because they're surrounded by it. Wouldn't you think that worked? I've never heard it. Buried them with your crazy man. You're out of your mind. I was going to grab you. I'm on the news at time and it was a fags invaded the studio at CBS and he said, the Coxahoyce. Oh yeah. They did right there on the desk was pretty embarrassing. If you were to end you to say, Half a loaf is better than. How many Koyam? Hello. What do you think about the passing of Jackie McQueen? Jackie McQueen? Yeah, the great Jackie McQueen. Who's the actor? The famous actor, Fauna, played with Miles Davis, Charlie Moore. Never heard of Jackie McQueen. Well, you should pay attention. They're talking about those happy printers you're selling to. Yeah, such as we're talking about 50 and then the same week. McQueen's a Jean-Penny and Jim's and who's snapping a queen? Come out of here. That's a lot of no snapping McQueen. He's comparing Jean-Penny to this man. You better get your musical taste in order. Okay. There's a Schmendrick for you. There's a Schlemie when it's a Lamazel. He was born under a dark cloud under a bad sign. The chupacabra is going to come in just nail your ass right to the wall. How do you like that? Just like a human Mazzaza. We're going to nail you to my neighbor's door frame. Lunatic. Five, six, and see. I enjoy the calls, man. It's so much better than all this other stuff. The other stuff is like work. You know? You know? No, I know that's why I learn every spider that. I don't want to do that. I just want to sit and take a bunch of idiot calls. But if you hate kids can win the penalty. If you think the blue jays are going to be a feel good in that news out of the great new movie, Furbber Stadium. There you go. The Rogers Center. Come to town named the stadium after me. Damn god. Hey, like that. Bloody white of it. WMODICON. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a question for you. What? What are your cubins? Get out with a nine cents. Okay. In your case. Just looking at mirror. That's an answer to the question in your case. What an idiot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, and in fact, there are a lot of people out there who would say you're the poster child. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. The angle is using the phrase. Mighty call. Yeah. That's because it doesn't have the show. Oh, okay. And they hear punks like they're using it. Yeah. Or maybe they're just, maybe that's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See what I mean by one track mind. That's it. That's your people. That's all they know from. It's my home. Boom. Boom. Boom. That's pretty much an alienito alienito. Come on. Come on. He's coming. There's the top four right there. I think I just touched all the bases. From first base all the way home plate. Just circle the bases and touch the home. All the answer puts a touch of the home. How many votes we got in there? 393 were closing on 400 on the new pool. Well, we have it. We ought to do this a lot more because when we move the first pool on it gets really stale and I don't know what he got for this. Because Eric, you know, a little more. A little less time to eat. Although he got he whipped this baby on there in a heartpeep or he got to it real fast. So you want to think about Eric as you well know if he like ribbon just a little bit. All of a sudden he hops to. Remember how soon? Is that it? Well, Eric, he eats a lot and he hops to. Does he say? I don't know yet. Maybe like yeah, who fight? Fices. Gotta be careful with that one. I know. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, you sure could. WQAM. Hello. I'm a man of America. I'm a person of America. Oh, my god. That was just like J. Black, to me. Didn't it? J. Black. Jamie Merkins. Oh, that was only in America. Come on, you better get with it, Mr. What's wrong with you? Amail and. And then the saxophone guide died whoever he was. What was his name? Shorts. I think his name was Salt Utilevich. I was talking before about some sax player died. I know what he ever heard of before. And he's giving me crap because we talked about Jean Pittney. Oh, brother. I feel so sorry for us. WQAM. Can I be on a pole? Yeah, we'd like to ride you up there. QAM. Hello. Sure. You're. Come on. See, I never knew what was happening before. But now I'm an old man during it even more. WQAM. Hello. I don't know about the slot after you. But the only way they're going to make money when you retire is to put on the best of meal. It really. Well, what can they do? Okay. I'll ask him. I asked him when the joke comes back from the West Coast. They don't play no tapes. Those tapes were so bad. I especially liked him on about Alien and the Pope. That was my favorite. This don't play in that. And of course, I checked better show up on Monday on the 10th. Who. And Florence assures me that it will because if not, and you're going to be on vacation, it's going to either be Alien and the Pope or Josh doing a show solo. You've heard of Napoleon solo. It's going to be John solo. It'll be John. It'll be George. Are you sure? For hours. Oh, four hours. It's long time. They got a music and four hours. Say, yeah. Oh, sure. What? No, I'm talking about all phone calls. Oh, yeah. You get a lot of calls. You got a lot of friends out there in radio land. I think we have one call before. You've seen that picture and he's ready to do rock and roll. Oh, yeah. He'll be calling a lot. Four hundred and six votes on the poll. Who should get the permit in two to four. Son of Q. Mad Dog 75, said 74. We got a real battle going on there. What's the point? Did we look up garnish, Nelson? George Rodriguez 54. I want to listen anyway, 42. Bring back Moe 37. Rams with no chance. Curtis 33, the big old 26. Reverend Jones 12. Bring him on here so we can kill him in his boyfriend. Kim Boe camp for 12. Jelly's got 11. He's really moving up now. He was stuck on the line for the longest time. You know what? And I'll jelly is moved early ahead of the crow. Jelly with 11. The crow with 10. Can I smell someacho? I hate this tool nine. Joseph Gaki five. Orny Sochan three and Lini Martiz. Solomon take trace. See there you go with it. You should get. There's that scum or clung. But it would touch us on. Yeah, test this. Twelve minutes after all, we got jelly from the bank. Atlantic. Yentah said it. To a clock. We're sure we're going on pregame for it. I don't understand it. And then Mad Dog said the master's not busted for. And Curtis is at the end to center along with. And I guess they're going to be contaminating back and forth. Side by each right. Right. And then we're going to be in the middle of the game. Because we got the baseball game on QAman a hockey game on 13. System. We're like, who's on for it? And any key in Vegas, plugging his brains out. Follows all those. Followed. Saying. Speaking of things. If you have termites in your home or maybe you think you have. You better call ridid press control today before your house is gone. They'll give you a free termite inspection. Ridid press control uses in an amazing exclusive orange or treatment. That kills termites and termites 100% on contact. They're gone faster than you. You can say. Todd Drex is Schmendrick. If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your home. Of course, when you put that 10 up, everybody in the hood is looking and say, oh my god, can you imagine what's going on in there? No tending. No worrying about poisonous gas. No more vows. No hotels. No worries about food or your pets or your health. Because at ridid, they treat your home at a amazing orange orl. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the one thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you have a termite problem or thinking might be developing one. Call ridid press control right now. And find out about this amazing orange orl treatment that kills termites and erase 100% on contact. No tending. No kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 1-800-447-4348. When you call me sure and Tom Todd Drex, I'll appreciate that. 1-800-447-4348. Ridid pest control. What's that number one more time? I'm glad you asked. 1-800-447-4348. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. Just don't go to a now you don't ever have to miss your favorite games again. Thanks to sling box. Just plug sling box into your TV, TV, cable box or satellite dish, and into your home internet connection. And bam, you can watch and control your living room TV from anywhere in the world, right from your computer or other windows mobile devices, as long as there's a high speed internet connection. The picture quality is incredible. And there are no monthly service fees. Watch your TV and all your favorite programming on your computer from anywhere in the world with sling box. You're living room TV anywhere. Check it out at slingbox.com. Update your kitchen with custom cabinet repacing from Sears. Your kitchen can look like new in about 4-6 days without the cost or mass of totally remodeling. Call 1-800-264-9954 for a free design consultation. Call and save $500 on select styles. An offer in sport 2906. Installation provided by Sears authorized license contractors. License number available upon request, not available in all areas. Call Sears now. At 1-800-264-9954. The reasons why 24 rules and the soprano's sucks first. Jack Bauer intimidates in interrogates witnesses. Wow, Tony soprano eats Chinese food with his wife. But ever since we found this place, I catch myself and I'm just driving a fast. We too. Sometimes you're a sex jackbourer of ducks, witnesses, and threatened to kill them. We just found him and I will call you bring that all over the windshield. Wow, Vito talks about his work every team. Five minutes and no inkline. Then I switched to full uphill for my college jackbourer. Worries about the most important vehicle in the United States. For therefore, what's your hand? What's your hand for? Wilde sopranos chills the Porsche Cayenne. Is this the new foreshap? Cayenne, terrible. I got the full point five, Rita V8. I'm sure about the color choice of the shot. I don't mean I love it. It's gorgeous. What a car! Jackbourer gets pissed. Silly! Wild Tony soprano goes to his strength. You try to snuggle your mother with a pillow. I'd grab the pillow, but it was just to keep my hand up to fire. And these are just a few of the reasons why 24 rules. And this is a fronos socks, at least lately. Look at this. Here's a thing on his Bobby Grand. I just discovered I was poxking around with it. There's another one. Click here to open the entire dictionary sorted by English. It's a one sorted time. Listen to me. Go to this side and you click it. Oh, there's the Torah. Canohora. Sorted by Yiddish. OK. So here's the whole. Oh my god, this is incredible. So what was I looking for? Getsky. Oh, brother. Well, I see. Well, then it's a super complicated. But I'll find it. Trust me. I'll find it. Now when we find it, what do I do with it? I think we get to use all need to be sent in our space in the Uranus. One 18 at five, 60, WKM, by the way, there's Scott McIllum trying to lie his way through this thing about the, uh, the new leaker and chief. But it would put a bop, but I were on class of I. Yeah, well, he's the one that made him on class of I. He declines to vice, which is smear and smear. See, now, how would national security? Let's just smear and smear anybody who would out there is. Why is the audacity as soon as would say how dare you to question their veracity? How many QAM hello? I'm right. I got a radio question for you. I can't be a best of Paul and Ron when the original show blows. Good point. Okay, why they on vacation? I don't know. He's always sick. I'm not lying to that one. You know, leave me that super cater. No, Ken. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, and the Verizon and Cigarette Wireless Line. Anybody care about Paul and Ron? No, not really. W. Q. AM hello. I'll go down a roll. Yes, sir. How are you sir? Excellent. I'm proud. I have to ask. Happy eight. So long. What is it? George, you'll definitely appreciate this one. Nearly half here in his life. Just put a recon in George. My favorite, the hardest word is got cause. And what that being said, with the pro politics, our government and joker look president for a call map and seems like the joker management, your operation over there, those who say you able come in all shapes, sizes, and colors. And they're all for me. That was great. He was doing very poorly until he got right to the end of the world. That word he threw out there. I have no idea. Knockers? No, and I know not just his rockers. Yeah, notaries, I think. Which is like Polish knockers. I don't like knockers. I don't like rockers. Rockers. I love knockers. I can live without. You've got to run your German sausage. But about liver worst. But about liver worst. Ooh. You don't eat that, do you? I hope. They got to. It's like eating chicken livers. Oh man, I don't have to wait. I don't have to wait. Some of that dietary. A lot of good kosher food or not kosherness. You would have a holiday for a total of time. Look at Alan Thomas. He looks like she just turned 147. Look at that. Man, that one boob is out of where ankle. I can't believe that. Look at her. You see her? No. I'm on some flesh. You better get out with CNN. Oh, yeah. On the Nazi news network. You got scared because he got mobiles out of our ward and crap. I don't even try to go. Yeah, put this. 428 votes are goalistic. It's a 500 by the top of the year on his second pool. That would be astonishing. What do we have on the first one? Anybody keep track? 1100. Uh-huh. Come on now. Just because we don't want to be so newsy anymore. That's what we are. I think we had 1100 and so on at the very first one about what's in it. See, I don't even know what it was about right. Can't keep it. Can't keep it. Yeah, here we go. 1139. Oh, every single one. I thought, I thought, no, my god, this is the slowest show we've ever had. Christ. How's that Judas doing, by the way? See, I'm going to just keep making up. You know, it's really interesting. Well, it may be marginally interesting. But that thing about the macaroni and cheese and tuna on Friday that somebody asked about was yesterday or Wednesday. Right. We're talking about that. Uh-huh. And of course, I looked it up and then we also said the same thing. We just changed it as they go along. They make it up as they go along. And the same thing with us now. All these years, man, we thought Judas is scared. And he was the turn code. He was the backstabba. He was kind of like the Mohour David. He was the turn code. Of ancient times. Now coming to fight on, he was the good guy. He was just kind of letting the happen hand, you know, for Jesus. I mean, Jesus could have gone and turned himself and then said, here, name me up there. So we can get this thing over. Wouldn't get me out of the softball body. And he's damn sandals. But no, he didn't do that. He had to have somebody. He had to have an enabler. Somebody who could be a hated. And he and cord of this, the ally told him that for generations to come, we'll be despised and reviled until they find this particular tablet. Oh, what a good deal. And make green from that tablet and every time she stood up, we kept falling out. Just like that change. Make green on my, do we still have that? I think I have it on a carc over here. Get out of here. All right. We're getting out of here. Do you really? Well, I don't want you to play it. It's disgusting. Make keeps standing up at every time she falls. She stands up. All the change keeps falling out. Although we do have to say, one thing we have about make though. And I don't know if we waste your time looking for it. Do you like it? Huh? Hello. Randy. I don't hate you at all. Get out of here, Meg. You want to know something? Truthfully, I'm happy for you. Why are you happy for me? Because I am going to my boat. We're going up for cruise. I'm having to the 4.5 years. My first weekend's off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion. No, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station. Honest to God, I do. Really? Trust me. I'm not lying. I call to congratulate you. Well, Meg, I just want you to learn. Can I just ask you one last question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here? It's up in your eye. I made a mistake. I made a bad call. I'm just saying to you. And I think you're fun. And I think it's busy. Okay, to have relax and have fun on a weekend. Honest to God. I needed to. Yeah. How's that? And I've been enjoying listening to you. And it's no full. Now. Have a good day. See you. Don't believe word of it, man. Stay here and trash me for all afternoon. A whole afternoon. Say instead. I didn't have a chance in hell. I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here? Boy, Gary made a big mistake. Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. So she's going to kiss a little butt. Back to them. There you go. That's all we got. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. Meg Green. Nobody knows from the smeg Green at this point. Okay. Go buy her office. Okay. I'll go buy her office yesterday. Her office? Yes. Where is her office? She's got a big word right over here. I was dirty. Yeah. I heard she's got a big one. Oh, she was. I'll tell you who was very popular in those days. And I would do is the plant kind on Sunday morning. Yeah. He was actually. I'm not joking about that either. I mean, you know, the audience probably thinks it's a joke. You couldn't even get a little bit. What was his name? Chris Rollins. Chris Rollins, man. The plant kind of told you to ring off the hook. That was your brother. Henry Rollins. That was called where some moken. And so what more is his colors, I think. You know, that's a kind of kind of gardening they were talking about. I'm going to kill him. You know, yes sir. I just wanted to get George a chronic call. I'm good. I'm going to kill him. Hello. I was going about former Catholic. Yeah. He ran to the house. I went to go see my money last night. So I confront her with it and say you were saying I was like, why did you make me that crap where we Friday and Wednesday? If you're really going to tell the answer, but they don't she said it was good for the fish in the street. Yeah, that's true. I said good point. I mean, she really couldn't say anything. I saw her as cause you probably got a mercury in your system now from me in all of fish twice a week. So I saw her as for parental malpractice. I'm waiting in some else too. I was a shot of contact. I told my buddies. I mean, I grew up in New York and I ran to one guy and I said hey, you know, how you been? He was I don't want to talk to you. He brings up bad memories. And I'm like, what are you talking about? I told me he was helping play board. And then I put it together. He was an old boy. Uh huh. And that's was bad to me. You didn't want to say it. But I'm in his free brother's boy. I tell you they were in the record. They were in the record. You know, you're helping all of them boy. I'm a Catholic. I'm not a Catholic. Bye. Bye. Ha ha ha ha. Well, maybe he was ugly. You never know. 26 after one. I guess that's the barometer. Okay. Either that's the father had very bad eyesight or that maybe if you were really ugly when you were an altar board. They didn't touch your goods, you know, or your bads. Or maybe they were just busy. Maybe they had so many others lined up. You just just were small potatoes. So to speak. 26 after one. Of course, we know those are just isolated incidents because anybody with a half of brain nose for sure. There's no signs in the church. Right. You know, being outdoors and stuff, Florida means you really need some comfortable shoes because you do a lot of walking and walsen around. You do a wall sin around. Oh, yeah. Just the floor. So the only place to go is brandy shoes and Pablo beats to take the best carry your feet. Brandy's carry is major brands like floor shine. Echo Mofisto rock port. Harsh puppies, new balance, those are my favorites. I love new balance shoes. And tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes. Brandy shoes is the largest independent tube retailer in all of South Florida. And when you go in there and you see this, less than 20, you'll understand why I've been telling you, Brandy is the best for years and years for a very terrible lifetime. Go see our good buddy, Arnie. How make sure you get the right to finish shoes for your feet at Brandy's. Not like those department stores where you wait for a lifetime to get weighted on. And then finally, whichever style you pick out, whichever one suits your fancy, forget about if they don't have it in your size. You know they're going to have it for your Brandy. Because the only thing they do do at Brandy's is shoes. So you never have to worry about size, selection of service. You want it? They got it. Brandy shoes are 12 million north of North federal highway in poverty between Atlantic and Coppates on East Side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day of the week, open Mondays who Saturday till 9 and Sundays until 5 in the PM. And this week is a great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's. Save 20 to 40 bucks to pair on all great men's of women's style. So be sure to get your rest in the Brandy's this week. Or you can do your shoe shopping. You're not sitting there on your fat pimpley ass. Just go online at BrandysChoose.com. This is New Roger. What's solid? This is 5. 16. 2. 8. For the flagship stage. There you go. You hate your button vibes. Yeah. And that's the mention of you. Skinny arm. The washroom and the low-head in the coverage. You have all the fun. What do you mean all the fun? Well over the years, straight women have been glorified for being energetically skinny. Big sis at the twate. We don't have stuff to call man or wife here. That's right guys. Now we can be skinny. I'm talking to Somalia skinny. So how do I become man or wife? Oh yes to do is do a fun to cook and serve yourself. But what about this pot belly I'm getting from the starvation? Very well section bitch. It's cool to be skinny. So you can hit this 8 ball or what? Cool. I can see my whole spine. Then right here. Make you give him the straightest guy. Looks like he gave 12 real boy. 13. If 5. 16. He's got a QA and we have 451 votes. What gets in that 500 by the top of the OR? Josh is the whole show alone. Next week. How about we? That he's just like a little chocolate or something? What's wrong with that? It was more like a ghost. I was laughing at that bit. I knew it couldn't be what I just said because I'm sure that with a big raise that Joe is working up for over there. I can't even say it. 42. You see that they're pouring in by the ones. They want to come to your side. But before we get out of here today I want to be the guy that arranged for the delivery the communion waiters that I've been harping about so long. Real lives are eucharist for be doing communion. All right coming soon to a good show. Whatever you just said. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. You're asking me how to hold a line. You're writing a book? Not that you've been a punty. You're asking me. Can you speak in a penny? Can you afford a real folder? You're like at a sock over it. You have a sock on it now? No. I've got on the phone. It's an early search and sock. Yeah. He found the sock that already lost no doubt. What's so good you did? They mind your business. It's a radio show. What about your dad? What about your mama? That's what I was against you. Your mama. 5. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 6. 6. 9. 7. 7. 9. 8. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 9. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. The best part of that is that Scuran got all what that, and they should probably know that. It'll get them all in the mood for each other. Oh yeah, she was a conducting an inquisition. Of course, a QM over there is even a lot of inquisitions. Even Turkey might have never sung up like what goes on there. Every time somebody would like fart the wrong flavor, every time somebody would get like a letter in the mail, there is an inquisition. We want to know who the mole is. And you know the interesting part of it, Greg Reed and George W. Bush. Oh, huh. See the similarities now. Oh, the interesting. Yeah, the leaker. Oh, we're going to run around. Who's the mole? I guess what? Just like Bush wanted about the leake. Well, he's the leaker and Greg was the mole. Moly, moly, moly. Yeah, exactly. Moly, moly. Holy moly. WDQAM. Hello. Yes. I think we should give about cheaper to sugar for all. And then you can go much these days. Oh, man. And maybe with the cross over. Yeah, there you go. Okay. We have two old guys talking again. We've got two old guys at 10. We have two ancient guys at two. Me and the old Bobby. Hey, Bobby, how's things? Okey, Okey? You know, this business about their numbers went up when he went on. I'm sorry. Maybe they're, you know, 89 plus number. You know, like from 89 years of age to death, there's no way that anybody under 100 is going to watch Bob Schiefer doing that news. I mean, he's just a fossil. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Friday. First of all, nobody's going to beat you, man. That's from 2 to 4. That's going to be the best. Right. That's the best idea, right? And on the back of way first, when it says the ingredients, the two say Jesus model. Yes. Body of Christ. Body of Christ. It's an RBOC. Body of Christ. The least sliced body of Christ. Oh, I like that. Quick, mech, and on our boy. 5, 6, 7, all my 60. There's like, oh, no, no, no. Are you sure he's got his own TV show now? On NBC? That guy, that guy yesterday, man. You, you people just told me, is this just hysterical? They all got, you know, they all got an angle. If I call up and say, real fast, like, who would care? You know, I gave the whole story about it the day before. I was like, oh, TV show. I said, like, real fast, you know? That's why I read the story about how bad it was the day before. Very slowly and deliberately. In fact, if you really talk real nice, I'll really think, I'll read it again. I still have it. Well, good. We'll read it on Monday again. I hear him keeping it handy. 7 to 2 a.m. Phil Huntley show. Hello. 2 a.m. How you doing? I don't know who I would put. If you could resurrect anyone, I would put tiny up there because I'd love to hear you do a show. You know, okay. Probably be what we got now. Same thing. Talked in the same register as guilty. Same squeak. That's another thing. All these people are so concerned with tiny, you know? I understand. I can relate to that. WQAM Hello. I know. I had to go to work at 2 a.m. Okay, you know, I see that touch to go into. We'll quick. My bad. You know, you're bad. It was reading for it. Yeah. How about the pot? George was smoking it. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. North line. WQAM Hello. Can we do 3 in a row here? I think we got a shot. QAM. Yeah, Neil Rogers. Yes, sir. Thank you, boy. You're welcome. You're a model. So, socks and hell. 567.0560. Pound 560. See, now the audience doesn't know what to do with, see? Because we were like, paving a girl. No, no, no, no, you understand. I'm not talking about that. Not that they ever had any material. But I'm just saying, now they don't want to scream or peel like banana. Remember that guy with the eyes was talking about the banana that he was lasting for. Well, here's the deal. They don't know what to because now we're taking a million calls on the show. Or as we, you know, watered it down just a few here a couple over there. And it was now and out there. It's like they're under pressure. Like Maria Bartiroma would say to come under pressure. You know, how she says that? Yeah. Man, she's got a bag down to those eyes. Or even even people that take like their whole other possessions on the plane. Never carry bags that size. Just unreal. How many QAM Hello? How many on the way? So many QAM Hello. You know, this one guy I think you've left off. Yes? The, what did I ever do to you guys? Now. What did I ever? Now. What did I ever? For him. What did I ever? Chromatose. What did I ever? Suicide inducing. Somebody at least didn't call line nine this time. That's the first though. QAM Hello. Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, and you know, we can't even play that anymore either. Sorry. Is it's God? It's that the, it's a, you got a B B in there. If you mess the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 WIOD, you missed this as if the bird. Yeah. I'll see, but that wasn't even the right got it's it. That's just a bird inquisitor, a bird agitated junior. Another wannabe. You'll ever make it, pal. WQAM Hello. Just Neil, be a helper. Speaking. Oh, are you? Can I hear a little dwindest stuff? Dwinded. I think you already got it. Who wants a drain stump? 560, 560, pound 560, the Verizon cigarette arrived a slide. Guess what? He can read. And that exciting. WQAM Hello. Put some, that's on Dean and the basket. Yeah, well, that's a good place for him. Okay, because he sure can't put the biscuit in the basket. Nice going on our shootouts, Pat. Just put the three same guys under that can't do it. Every game over and over again. Lee, they may not be good, we're consistent. The old mighty Quinn. I think you won't see him no more. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is WID. WID. WID, hockey talk. Yes. Okay. Who are you calling? Yeah. Why is she this is WID? What's the last time we ran WID? About 100 years ago? Yeah. Nine. Really? You're not counting the seven months I got paid off. Yeah, we're going to be for you, sir. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Is everything going to be nice? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Oh. I think he just answered his own question. Too many Graham man. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Matt's off in the afternoon and Rick and Sus. It's a no-brainer. You'll be great. All of everybody wants that. What's the problem? Yeah. Let's take a look at how that polar shape it out baby. Shape up or shape out. When it does, shape it out. Yeah. Yeah. I told you it put a bit small on your face with these in the suit. I mean, with these great calls, 473 votes, who should get the permit in two to force a lot of QAM? Sus, culminating five amad dog 85. They came make up their mind. Sus, cool man. Ain't going to be on you know. He boxed himself into a corner because every time Rick would be in sick or something like that, you know, we have to go to church to pray extra to be forgiven. Sus would go home. They'd slap a tape on him. He would go home under the guise of he can't do a show by himself. Remember that? Right. So where's the logic that he's going to carry it to our show by himself? Because he doesn't think he can do it. And maybe he's right. I don't know. I mean, he's fine going in there and you know, even lunch with you on Fridays. Now when he comes in the afternoon, you guys have like macaroni and cheese. We have a nice again for that. He was a fight away. So thanks for the, uh, where you change my life. Standing in the shadows of Motam. Well, that's the book. You'll be getting a book in the next diplomatic pouch that he gave me to give the Boca to give you a book of what? That both can he book a Robert Ingresol book, you know, the famous atheist from the 1800s. Yes. Good stuff. Hey, the stuff. Oh, just don't know. Ain't wrong. Oh, I hate her. Ain't ran. So do an electrical bit. Ain't far-car to claim a kite. Since home in 85, you managed 85 Moishi. Who drew a Moishi Rodriguez got 68. I won't listen anyway. 57 a meter. What you put on, we will listen. Yeah. Curtis 38, bring back Mo 37. The big O 28. Reverend Jones 18, Kim O. Canberra 14. The Crow 13. Gildi, Solomonate Dosay. They can always take him in small dosays. I hate this pool nine. Joseph Gackie five. Or any sochens got three pair. And Lady Martes, Solomonate trace. This is New Rodriguez. This is five, sixty-two. And Joseph Gorg. Are you thirsty? It's 30 a day, plus gas. Well, I read it in Lincoln. Gasser credit. I drove up in the hill. You want me to search? And recall how I got a lot of money. The Crow 13. I drove up in the hill. You want me to search? And recall how I got them well in. The lock is still finished. Me chained in what a weirdo. Followed my map of Starhouse and Shanks. And one shot to see. Sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I walked up like a new her. Hey, do I know you? And I saw her as a day change. But the core of forms started working and forth her. And it was too late. But her in my car and rolled the windows down. Now she was my queen and her. And I got Angelina Jones. And my basement. And I think I'll keep her there with me. And charge her real. I'll hold you no mind. I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement. And I think I'll find that. How wonderful life is when Angelina Jones and my basement. Let me help you. Watch against her friend. For a moment. But I bet you'd give your blessings. Help me. To have Angelina Jones need locked down in your basement. And I'll tell her my dog. Don't hurt her. I'll hurt your dog. And put the dog in the basket. On 46402. So it's amazing what's on this website. Bang it out.com. The Jewish caption contest. And the reason I couldn't find Getski is because again, it has to do with the pronunciation with dialect. Getski and Getski. Smata and Smaty. That kind of a Yabika. Yabika. Getska. That's right. Getska. You'll find it. Getska. So anyway, well, that doesn't really have a definition, but it's got to pitch. It's got a contest for a caption for this picture. And it shows that Orthodox Jew with the pace and the handling facing a snowman. Snowman's got a carrot in its mouth. And it's got one of those hats that the or the Hussein wear on the top of the snowman's head. But like the fur hockey puck. And here's some of the contest entries. One from Robert Besser in Boka. But now here's one from Schmie Unger in Borrow Park. Yankele is convinced there's something I'll be attracted about this particular. Getska. There you go. Oh, this stuff is incredible. There's something about a bris. Or my god. Oh, shall I miss their snowman? Wanna trade hats? Oh, it's veism. Oh, yeah. So anyway, there you go. It's just open up a whole new avenue. And where did that all come from? That came from the government. I don't know where you could define the definition of Getska. Just Google it, baby. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. All tornado on the ground through the mouse, watch the Nashville Tennessee. It's not a way to Nashville because God's really pure at all. I'm Yahoo's. All I'm crackers for all I'm for Nikita and illegal pro-create and whatever they're doing there. And for clothes and all the delies up there too, nice. God's pure about that. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Excellent. And happy things all by the way. Come back to you. I have a shroom for questions, including with the theme today. Is that okay? Yes. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. I'm a guy. And he calls me and I just from Capcom. That's three, let's see. See, I was already acquainted. Now he got me knocking down a little bit. What year has he stepped on it? I drive a Mercury. That's three lanes wide. Oh. I can't see your video because I'm three foot five. Oh. I have a tank of oxygen to keep me alive. Oh. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. God, you go find for sons, we've just so I bought five. Oh. My dad, I should told me it was only for the larger size. Oh. I bought the thing and discussed after farting in line. Oh. Because my name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. Mr. Tozo, easy boy. Put dinner at five. It's super school to doctor bronze, or they had was life. Ah. You're gonna hand it me to check. I left for my die. Because my name is Hy. My name is Hy. My name is Hy. Oh. I can't go sets no rules. That I live by. No younger than 92, but still alive. No more reason. But type is a fine. Where's my name is Hy? My name is Hy. My name is Hy. Hi. Hi. 150 tendels to a ban on man. This thing is flown by today. You know. When you go into a good deli, you got to get a doctor bronze. Black cherry soda with your sandwich. What? The light black cherry. Oh, come on. That's the one. They also make it a diet. You can have a doctor. That's all the things like doctor pepper. All that black cherry business. Get out of here. To the doctor. Browns. You remember Dr. Browns? Dr. Browns. Root beer. So to. Oh, like I said, they're making even more flavor. Some of this using as an example. Or this is my favorite right. That doctor brown. Well, you have the all the root beer. All right. And I'll have the black cherry. Oh, okay. We got our five hundred vote. We got 504. We got 504 vote on our second poll. We had over 1100 on the first one about Katie Corp. And the general reaction was, F. Even the gollum know who that means. F. Totally. We got that in the Netherlands. I got from it. But I saw soap. I don't know where that's not made in the Netherlands. It only makes soap there because they don't use it. F. For your thought. But for the gollum for the Arabs. It's fair. I don't think the air. Well, I shouldn't say that. I was going to make some comment about the Saudis using soap. That would be bad. But even if they did, would it make any difference? That's me. It's like the house scene. It would have make any difference. Don't drop the body wash whatever you do. Now you notice totally clearly there's coming around. I'm looking at the last break in this hour, in the show today. And I'm thinking to myself, oh, I'm speaking of yetage words and all the sort of crappy been talking about. I just, I don't get it. Hey Chris, I know you talk a good game there with that soft Caroline and North Carolina draw, whatever it is. But you guys back there, man. You need to get what they put wrong. Baby, you got to get your, get your house in order. It's not just the last, look at the whole last page. I mean, oh, I know if you don't have to tell me that. I know that. There wasn't been one, well, yeah, there was one. Of course, I was betrayed out the third break and every other break in this hour was like two minutes or less. And that's because I filled it. It's, it's really, you know, the fillin. Pretty embarrassing. This is, this is Joe Bell and his new way of being man. He's all excited. He's bringing a heavy weight in and he's got a couple of real heavy weights going to find a way if there's any people who audition for a job and sales a QM today, forget about it. That's my best suggestion too, okay? Forget about it. I mean, it's like by the ticket on the Titanic. But, got about it. Why not, what anybody would have brain do then? This is the new rush. If a person is baby, this is 5668. Starts with your radio, is like the few more QM. Don't, I told you, don't bother me while I'm in here. Hello, it's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir. You're freaking killing me. No, no, no. I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you what you want from us on our stomach. No sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey listen, but wipe on the ball. I make the decisions you take the heat, right? You all know the practice. Okay, how are we doing with it anyway? Hold on. Remind. It will shot the hell up. I'm on the phone, Remind. Hi there. Yes, there was your question. I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and I'll make a church and call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Get him home. Stop his women. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. Remind. I'm going to go home. If one person in my hand Remind, that your beat is both my other hand Remind. That's a full ball. Right. I can't hear anything. Remind. Stop flying the floor. Sorry. I'm sorry. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's time for us. We even beat him. That's all you beat. Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson was a rating success. Hold on a second. Remind. It's the book. What the hell are you doing with a harmonica? Oh, I'm not going. Remind. I'll jam the thing down here. It's real. And get that blue burn away from me. Oh, come on. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir. Over 25 million people saw. Don't apologize there. Listen. Yeah. You see me what I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a good agent. They're crying all along. I'm moving my hands up and down. Why? I'm the puppet master. I said you do it. Now, Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff. Make a more of that stuff. Help it, master. Me. Get it. Oh. Really? Yes, you have a son's heart. Hell, you do a no. It's in the flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss. What's this in my ear? That's your penis, boss. My other ear remiss. That's the phone. That's the phone remiss. Get out. Go over to work. Get out. I sir. Yes, sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill me. Sorry. Kill me, softly. Hey, listen. I was like a special bonus today because it's been such a great show. No, do you think it has been? It has been a fan of fan-fantagorous. Especially the guy with the Getsky. Okay, let's see. Here's the final totals. Here's our totals from what that was your name. A little bit to the use for good islanding. How's the in-house? How could you tell us? Yeah. Those were the salad days. Oh, baby. That's when Marshall or used to bring the salads with a marshmallow and fruit. Yes, the in-broadened. Yeah, baby. 525 votes. We're trying to figure this thing out here, man. We can't figure it out. Even Josh Curtis, who were nearly just a mild man, even he was shocked and dismayed by the last, not by the hour itself, not by the programming, but by the spot load. Oh, I couldn't really. I mean, that was just scary. But then again, these guys, you know, let's think of their feet wet. Let's take off their ghoulashes and get their feet wet. Then it's really, really will be in the crap. Who should get the permit to the 4pm slot? I can't wait because now we got this revolving thing and we keep putting the oldies. Now he's not again today. Standin' by the ayenticent. Oh, my God. With all the respect guilty. And then of course the panther is there to do. And nobody of those promos. It's simply cross be by the way. Nobody. There are people of a refrigerator with simply kid, okay? But not said. Nobody calls him a sit. Except in that stupid promo, which is another reason that nobody shows up. I'll tell you one thing that Leafs Bruins game last night. There must have been at least 60 people of that game. And a bunch of thousands of people disguised as empty yellow seats. Always have an idea in the reading where they don't draw well. To have yellow seats. Who should get the permit to the 4th slot on QA? You can finally make up our mind. You remember that song by 11 spoonful in John Sebastian? Did you ever have to make up your mind? I bet you got that in there. I do. Go ahead and try to find out. I already said it. Oh geez. Just like the phone thing I shut down up on there too. Because I could have squeezed another quick call or two. Seds call them in 99. Are you ready for that? Not gonna happen. Great job. I've got to be welcome. Mad Dog 93. Pretty tight. Out of 500 and some odd. George, where'd we get 74? You're moving up. You're sliding up there. Ever. You know. Yeah, look out now. My, my, my. We'll never really go. But yes. Oh, God. I won't listen anyway 62. Kurt, how about Gilbert? Let's put Gilbert on there. Come on. He could sure do better and loaded. Curtis 45, bring back most 30 men. The big road 29. Kimbavocamper 19, Reverend Joan 16. Y'all these solamente contours same man 14. Not too strong, Y'all. The crow 13. I hit this full nine. Joseph Gaki eight, or any so-shin four. And Lady Mart has still stuck on through. Bye. Bye.