It's exclusive on QA because nobody else wants it. And what would that be? The Marlins. Oh. Nobody else wants to carry it. Anybody else wants it will give it to you. As long as you pay the rights, we don't want it. By the way, David Samson won't be filling in for your Friday. I understand that, yeah. Somebody forgot to tell you that. Yeah. This place is unbelievable. I would agree. I just had quite a conversation with the clearance. I don't know what to do. I do, Jay. It's a question of whether bad management is better than no management at all. Right. That's right. Yeah, something I told George that back when Greg announced that he was going to be our case. Just outrageous. You know what? I said, be careful. They just hang out to try. They set you up for failure here. Right. That's exactly right. I was just telling George Cortis that. That's exactly what we were going to do. You have got to be so good to overcome them. And even then you can't do it. Right. Because they put all the hurdles in your way. They'll solve this. Yeah. You know that Joe Bell, if you're looking for him, he'll be in the team room. He's sitting there waiting for like 60 hours trying to figure out which hand to wipe with. He's handed off the pot, man. He can't make a move. He can't make a move. These people tell you that they've got something done and it's set. And it's, you know, you can go with it and blah, blah. Right. And then somehow it's not done. And you can't go with it. Right. And Yada Yada Yada. Yada Yada. That's it. That's the new Joe Bell crew, man. Yada Yada Yada. You got such a theme song. Let's put a book of a book. Let's put even. Even what's your name that fits you over at UM would be upset with that. I think there's too many people left from the old crew. No, I don't think that's the problem at all. I want to see a complete overall in this place. We need two live crew is what we need. Oh, Luther would be good. Yeah. He'd be better what we got now. I'll say to that. This guy, man, Mr. Mr. Gladhander, Mr. Pat, you're on the back. Everything is great. You're doing a wonderful job. I like all your people. And then when it comes push comes to shove, he can't do anything. He can't even figure out how many, how many pencils to buy. How many staples to order. But he wants to be loved. He wants everybody to like him a lot. I mean, did you ever believe we'd be planning for the day of Greg Reed? Did you ever think that that would happen? I will ponder that while I'm in hot spring. I should have prepared for a indicator. But at least there was some semblance of order. Some concepts that something might give done someday. Even though it usually took a herni at a careford, some things eventually did get done. But at least people nothing gets done. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, you know like that. Like Santino said in the gods, are they better be? But it would be like that, remember that? Yep, I do. Yeah, better be. So don't take it personal because it's all of us. It's the whole place. It's not like a single u-off for special persecution. No. It's like all of us. They single all of us have a first personal persecution. Man, what a joint this is turning into. Thank God you're there. Hey, how much is there a lot of panther fans up here? Oh, not. How many do you think are here? About 30 man. I'll get out of here. Maybe five. Oh, yeah, they're up there. The game tonight at the air Canada center. Big game for the least. Oh, Lisa. Yeah, that's all done. Lisa, I'm going to make it panther. They're officially limited. No playoffs. Then I see coffee culpeppers like may not be ready for action, man. Oh, you try to tell people that. Yeah, well, who's the quarterback going to be? Let's see. What do you think? I'm trying to figure out who he can hear. You're permeating out of return. Oh, we can send over there from here. Huh? Who can we send over there from here? The play quarterback. Gary Sarner. Oh, I don't think his rabbi will. I'm the handle to Pigskin. It was good enough for Ali Sherman. It's good enough for Gary Sarner and Marv Levy. That's why there aren't that many Jews in football. You can't handle the Pigskin. It's not kosher. Is that what it is? I think so. Yeah. I wish not that Abe Gibberm was Jewish, but he wasn't. He was just fat. Yeah. For sure. Abe Gibberm was a big horse boy. He was a big everything. Was he really? Yeah. He was a big loser too. This is the same as the track all the time. Probably smoke those big fats. Still easy now. What is it about to track? And cigars. I mean, I used to enjoy cigars. The track I came beginning to tell you how much people like the smoke cigars when a gamble period. Yeah, and that's true. Ali, you can't gamble. You can't smoke cigars because you know, and I can't either fall as you can. It's most cigarettes which I hate. But you can't smoke a stoggy there. I ran an elite right Griffith last night. Really? Tell me to say hello to you. Well, great. You're a big kiss for me. Tell him a tempest storm is still got a fake apparatus. He likes you a lot. Well, sure. You ought to. Another proverb just like him. It's all as pervert saying together, man. Yeah. This is true. Where do you want to ride? I want to ride. I want to ride. I want to ride. He said Joe's all the time. Oh, does he? Yeah. I'll be damned. Well, probably he can't eat wolfies anymore because it's not there no more. That's true. Yeah. We got some major. You see the audience thinks that I exaggerate these things and glad that you're like chime in right in there because it's just it's incomprehensible. You know? You just do it. You do it all like you're in here and you're trying. Yeah. And they just hang out to dry. Right. Exactly. And they can't. They can't keep at it's the 11th of April already. It's opening baseball day, opening a home game. And these people still can't. They haven't got a clue who's on first and what's on second and nothing. It's really kind of scary. And of course we're also on the other hand. We got Joyce hanging over our heads. Me more than you. It's more effective even you but boy. Yeah. You think I'm going to show I feel like I'm going to get penalized for because Joyce might find out about it. Only if you play the sound. Oh, I see. Yes, so I'm the magic. We got a nice and beautiful day today for all the Florida people coming for the big hockey game. Then at the or can't decide that the Florida Panthers and Toronto Maple Leafs. It's going to be sunny in 63 today. Not bad. Nice to stay of the year. Yes, it is pretty nice too. I'd like to go somewhere where there's good weather. No, they just changed it again. 65, 18 Celsius, sunny in 65. All right. You'd like to go where somewhere where there's good weather. No. The way home. My last two trips have not been so good weather wise. When you're going to Arkansas, could these two better there? Hot springs? Probably a tornado. He'll help. You see they've got you in this negative frame of mind. That's right. It's the negative vibes around here. Let's see. Hot, I'm going to do a thing here. Hot springs. Weather. Why? Why? Well, no, if it's good, I'll tell you. If not, I'll just lie about it. Yeah, I'm Googling right now. Hot springs were another lie. I couldn't take it. Hot springs are convincing. There's not going to be a hurricane. Huh? Now, what are you going to be there Friday? Friday and Saturday. Oh, no. You're in it for a real treat. Yeah. I'm telling you, sunny. I'll have 84, low of 61. That's pretty wide. It's pretty wide. It's time for the European. But after they partly counted 82 and 62. But no rain. No opportunity. It was no end to the world. Looks pretty good. Hot springs are console. Do you remember the movie Kelly's heroes? No. Oh, it was a great movie. Who was in a gene Kelly? No. Donald Southern Kelly. Kelly's a violence. Clint Eastwood. They rob a bank behind the German lines. You know? And Donald's solo in plays a character named Oddball. And he keeps talking about his stone doll at the time. He's smoking one joint after another. And he keeps yelling at them about negative vibes. Mm-hmm. I want you negative vibes, man. Keep the negative vibes out of your. That's this place. No, you have vibes. Yeah. What was that phrase that came up with a couple weeks ago? The station that makes your life miserable. Something like that. The station that takes away your desire to live. That's good. That's good. That's it. I'm talking about the people on the inside. I don't know about the listeners, but whatever we got left. The listeners, it was probably enjoying our misery. Well, evidently. You know, the SNM thing and stuff. Sort of. Now, beginning to wonder if I have any audience left because like this best of Neil, we did for that 30th anniversary. We never would over like a. Not third man. I'm doing a pull on it today about why people didn't buy it. And almost 30% say they did. Well, I got news for a 30% of the audience bought the CD or our t-shirts. That means we got about 3,000 people left listening to the show. Not a good sign. You know what I mean? It's not a good omen. There you go with those negative vibes. And the way this curve regime is going, it wouldn't surprise me. They could take the Empire State Building and turn in like a. Pup tent in no time. And just as I was saying that, they're showing a thing here about the world traits. And it's a lasting I needed to see. Oh, brother. I was trying to steer away from that and they'd play these phone calls again. You know. All these horrible phone calls to 911 people are going to die. Well, what are they going to tell me? Are you going to die? Have a nice rest. See this. They don't agree robbers. These people in the media. They never stop and never stop exploiting misery and tragedy. That's what's all about the media. You're right. Look at us. Very sporting us. For my text showed up on time yesterday. But it's all I care about. That's all I can care about anymore because the rest of it with these people is all, you know. This Joe Bell. Now he makes Greg read seem like the the answer man. He's just impossible. I have never accounted to guy like this. I work for all kinds of people. I work for good people. I should live in in the Casper. I work for idiots like Stanley J. Cohen and I and Z. And Greg read. And my business and boy Gary. Well, he was in general manager. He's just a man. But no, you got a good point. I mean, some real idiots. But this guy here, he's I don't even know what category to put him in. He's like, uh, I don't know. Like a clown. Clare a bell. I think that's going to be my new name for a clear he instead of Joe Bell. How about Clare a bell. So I mean, I like that. I mean, that works out well. So he's just going to go around going. Yeah. That's right. And put on that red nose. Maybe you can borrow from Robin Williams from patch Adams. You can put that red nose on. So I'll bill. And right now they keep showing to them. Towers on fire again. There were Jesus. God. Chilling test of money. Yeah. Like, uh, it's five years ago already. Stop for the baloney. Brother. And of course, you know, it's really interesting with all these illegal aliens that are continuing to forecross the border and been doing it for like over 20 years now. And I have no idea how many are here. Oh, look at these big demonstrates. Yeah. That's right. Because there's millions and millions of these people have got in. They're going to make a lot of security and monitoring who comes in and who goes out. What a joke that is. They've got any idea who to help comes in. And they're wondering how all those guys were living in Florida. What you see, I'll let you see people live in Florida. I'll tell you what they got to do is shut down the border between North Carolina and Florida. That would be a real good idea. Starting with sales people. I could tell you, sir, I can't tell you, Tiana here, but the dust just came in there before the shift this morning. Yeah. It epitomizes everything that's going on there. And I like it. Like a guy that's trying desperately to shoot himself in the foot. Yeah, it's one thing to be suicidal, but if you're going to shoot yourself in the foot, I'm going to do his limp around a lot, you know. I just don't understand it. They're like working against themselves. But other than that, let's see, it's only Tuesday. So we got the blow you go on to the ball game. They're having a station party out there. Really? I wasn't invited for that. And I'm going to come down for it. You wouldn't have, they would have probably paid your way. No. Fly newman for a day. We got to Crow on in two o'clock to the 330. We got the Crow, baby. Now we're going to be dangerous. The baseball seasons underway. We got the Crow. That's where you shoot some arm-truck problems right. So you're not going, is that what you're saying? You're thinking about it, acting. Yeah. Well, maybe you have a chance to go up there in a press box, toss a couple of more of the edge would be good. I'd pay you for that. Let me know how much you want. Anybody in line? Oh, people you mean? Yeah, some people were just talking about. Okay. And then tomorrow, and Thursday, we got 1230 pre-game shows because we got 105 games. I still say that's because of the scheduling. People are questioning that because of pace-off. They don't want to have like, night games on a passover and piss off all the Jews. And kids are out of school this week too. Yeah. And that's another thing. I'll say there's another thing they can do. They don't have to piss off the Jews. And all the kids can go out and watch a great team. Two bad teams. Actually, the Marvin's have a chance against the pod. I see the pod are also a one-four. Yes, they are. And the Panthers in the Leafs, here, Canada, and the United two teams that aren't going to make the playoffs. Two badly mismanaged teams. Organizations, as they say in the business, the organization. At least they're going to line up paying Ed Belfor, I love million dollars for this past season for his crappy play. They're going to have to buy him out for a million and a half. And then with all the whatever they had to pay him, it's been totally, I love million dollars for a 40-year-old still for the bad back. He ain't no Johnny Vauer, I'll tell you that. Oh, you're talking about our old sales manager. 40-year-old stiff with a bad back. That's bad. Nice to see that I know you're going to go. I know you're on your way to get out of that. Yeah, you were. Out of sight out of mind, man. Even on the pool about who the hell they hate the other day. They didn't do all that well. Out of sight out of mind. They hate the sanctions like poison. They really despise him. In fact, Mo was right on your ass. If I'd let it go a little bit longer, he'd have passed you like he was sitting still. Mo. Yeah. He was a late edition. I'm starting to, I'm starting to miss him a little bit. I know that sounds bizarre, but in kind of a sick way, I'm almost missing him. Not because he was good or had any numbers. Just because at least it was a little variety. You were just about to be there. Huh? You were good, count on him being there. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, that's right. Even if we all hated him like poison, and we did at least we knew he'd be there. At least he ought to use new what to expect, what to fear. Now it's like, hey, what do you constantly do in the day? You know, and usually it's... Well, you're watching, I told Clarence, we already got enough squeaky voices on here, so we didn't even even see him sitting on any way on that. So I understand a lot of hate calls for Jeffrey Laurie this morning. Is that correct? Not terrible. No. Actually, he said something. He's finally going to get involved in this whole thing. See what he can do. People want to see the owner. He's going to get involved in what? Talking with the people around town to give it a try to get a place to do it. Oh, I see a try to have us build a stadium. Hey, Jeffrey, guess what? No. And it gonna happen sweetheart. Better con artist than you will try the same scam, and it hasn't worked, and it's not going to work for you either. There is no chance that the public is going to put up a single dime to build these people a stadium, none. Zero. I don't care how much red coat text lines and carries on. Ain't gonna happen. Especially after they slap the public in the face, you know what I mean? Oh, Jerry would people not show up, and you're really aching about where we're moving to San Antonio or wherever I, well, if you don't want to show up, you know. I'm not going to show up. What they're pimps at the hell. They've been through this already. Oh, yeah, coat text, see if you see that blog he's today about, well, if you're not going to be there, why not, you know? And then I noticed the responses to that, they're all negative. Even one guy says he will be there just a boost, and the glory and that'll be going to be the only time I'll go all your long. Well, listen, we got to run here. Yeah, I got a skate as they say on Leaf TV. We got a skate. Okay. A skate carefully. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're skating on tonight. It's down really good. But we'll see you tomorrow. You just keep hanging in there. I'll be here. That's what they said they were Gary Gilmore when they pulled the news. Just keep hanging. And I'll see you tomorrow. All right, have a good day. The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and co-workers. I think we noticed that those are the best kids that use the brass test equipment. But we're done. I've a Tyler Spragtacky. Sports radio. Now I'm going to do... That's what you do. By the way, Jordan's on vacation is week and there's no... ...or your plane to open? I'm sorry. Stepping on the open. If you want me to try this? It's already 10-15, but I'm going to do instead of playing it. I'm playing a long bit. I just realized if I've played that, we'd already be time almost for the second break. I've got all whipped up there. We were emotional and working on a substrate there, hanging me. It's just a very sad, very, very sad. The disappointing, what we got there now. But they're taking the care of you, I see you though. Oh yeah. Not. Do you notice how much response I got from Clarence on that? We need to count to seconds. Nothing was doing a 10-day instead of going to talk about it. They just don't care about our people. That's all they're talking about. They don't care about any people. What they do care about is I have no idea, but that's the QM F in ways. So it's been nice being with you all. I'm really thinking that 30th anniversary. If I had been smart, that would have been it. That would have been my swansong. Wouldn't that have been a smart thing to do? Perhaps. Yeah. In retrospect, I'm looking back now. It was March the first, I'm thinking, boy, and I would have been a great time to hang it up as opposed to going out like a fool in a clown. Like we're all going to do. When you got Clarence, I'm running the joint. We're all going to mind about being clowns. 10-16 a QM happy Tuesday to you opening Marlins Day on you punk kids. Go out there and go to a ball game and get some unsteel hot dogs. You know, South Florida is famous for its trade shows. There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, Art Fairs, Glor and lots more. If you're a trade show exhibitor, the one name you didn't know is Pubset. Pubset creates the absolute top of the line of attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade to a display. Call 9-5-4-77272-275 right now and Pubset will get you set for success. When it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade to a display, Pubset has been the very best for 14 years. Call 9-5-4-77272-275 right it down, 9-5-4-77272-275 or Pubset. From design to setup Pubset can handle all your trade show needs. Rest assured Pubset will separate you from the competition. Don't look second right like I said at QM. You only get one chance to look great. Pubset is the way to do it call 9-5-4-77272-275 or go to PubsetSF.com. For top notch design, trade show graphics and displays, Pubset be the way to go. Look for my picture under building. You'll pee in your pants. It's long-dic see how I just know the commercial. Call Pubset today 9-5-4-772-775. This is a new Roger. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. They say hello, this cat poop. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. It's got my love and it's all strong. It tells us we should be ashamed. We're that, but then why? But I'll cherish each moment with you. That's all about what's all that. You're in my life. You're in my life. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not a like of a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go out at 10. I can't accept who I feel. Now that will be a cry. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. Call through my prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I've got you for a candy bar. And a pack of cigarettes. At first, you were just a dick. But now you're all my friends. And you're dead. I've got this you in the end. Oh, prison bitch. I'm free from this for now. But I can't bear to listen from above. Oh, prison bitch. Oh, prison bitch. I'm glad now you're all my prisoners. Oh, prison bitch. And you're up that machine. I'm only half of the request. I've got some of that Felicia. I'm tired of this with itself. I'm here to get away. The things in season seven years. Now I'm done. I'm your prison bitch. You're in for a minute. Jake, don't you wily kick offchair. I'm only skinny lugs and mましょう for little days. Now that I'm where it's in hell, I'm bored of pierling off myavasaw. 10 rollers of repair is a seek. Propillator. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. When I get out, I'm ready to go straight. I throw my prison bitch, my prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You don't lie to me or others. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought, I think I'll stay. I'll take you on the two. Your prison bitch, you've never been here. You! You! You're a person who will pass it to me. But now you're not so man. So, who has ever come in? I know, I know, I know. You're a new mother for you. Heart, criminal. You must have earned out when you call this the Pope. Then he will work for you. When you're getting a copy of your case as a governor. Well, from your customs, the 국 person, the wicked elders, and it's a loyal practitioner. I'm finding things that I don't find anything in there that's objectively. I'm saying that you could object to, so I'm going to play them. All right. Well, why not? I mean, we're down to such a very limited number anyway. Plus, we got Terabel going to bat for us, and he don't seem to be very effective these days. He can't even know, hunk that little hunker, no more. So it just me and Josh against the world today, because Miguel was not playing a hot shot at the ballpark, we still can't get a number on that best of that thing. Not third of it. The disastrous fundraising campaign, we can't get a number from anybody because they don't care. But we do have the crotally at, uh, to a clock, talking hardball to the crow. Because nobody else in the market will put them on here. Nobody's that desperate, but we'll put them on. I got your crow, balich, right here, homeboy. I'll bet you do. He'll be a gate F stands for, uh, fans for opening day to day at the ballpark. And then we got Marlon's on deck at 330 at 405. Your home opener, baby, the Marlon's in the Lane San Diego Pad Race. Go there and you talk real nice to him at the, uh, gate. They maybe they'll let's in for free. You say, boy, who'd have would want to pay to see this crap? And I'll say, yeah, you know, good point. Give it to the let's in for free, but I doubt it. And then we got on AM 1360. We got, uh, Panthers, PIV, another Marlon game be over by then. No, you think? Well, what time is it? The game starts at 405 and the Panthers PIV is at 7. Um, maybe. We'll see. We'll see. Open the game. We'll see. The game day, I figure probably started about 430. Oh, really? For what? I've turned him in. And, uh, who knows, you know, baseball is one of those games. Yeah, maybe extra earnings. Maybe a 15 inning marathon, but it's unlikely. It didn't rate the Panthers run the preview against the Elise here. Make it at the, um, sorry, or Canada says, excuse me. Uh, we'll be at 7 or 5. 7 30 to Panthers and they make believes. And that probably, I'm QM, because certainly by then, a damn baseball game would be over already. The important Panthers game on who already been eliminated. And Leafs, not officially, but they will be very soon, including maybe, uh, that is certainly this week. All I can say is... Another break already? Well, that's where it goes. That's what happens when two fat holes used start to come as a rating buck, buck, buck, like me in a Humper there. You know, it was a buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, like that. Like that. It was. Hey, if you think you have termites in your home, you better call our good friends at Riddit Peskin's rule today for a free-termite inspection. Riddit Peskin's rule uses that amazing orange-roll treatment oven, Sunday, about the kills, termites, and the raise, a 100% on contact. They are gone faster than you can say, Joe Bell is a clown. If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them and say goodbye forever. You don't have to tense your house either. You don't have to turn your home into a surface as close as clear bells in charge. No worry about poisonous gas. No move out. No hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with some amazing orange oil that nobody else has got, and don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they've done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days, you'll be running around sniffing the walls in the ceiling. It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddit Peskin's rule right now, find out about their amazing orange-roll treatment, the kills, termites, and the raise, 100% on contact. No BS, no tending, no kidding. Call right now for no obligation, free inspection. Call Riddit Tool-free at 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348 when you call me sure and tell them that Todd Rectorded Corval, that will mean a lot to them. 1-800-447-4348 for Riddit Peskin's rule. This is Neal Roger, what's all it is? This is 5-16-2-8. Guys. Time to call is looking for the next big star. America's got talent. We're in a million dollar prize, and the biggest talent search ever held, six, six, six, and we go. I, however, am on record saying, we ought to make the pie higher. Then there's my most famous statement. Rarely is the question asked. Here's our children learn this. 1032-284-11, I can see Marlon 85-hour pregame show. I'm thinking if we really care a lot about the Marlon's, Liam of the dolphins, any dolphin game, even just ordinary games, forget about opening at a home opener. Just any regular dolphin game that we have. Back when we had the dolphins. We had hours and hours, like four hours at least, of pregame festivities, right? Yeah. That's to try. Huh, that's to try a squeeze of all the spots in here to get some of that broadcast rice fees back. And probably we would do the same for tomorrow, and we'd start it noon with a pregame. The only problem is nobody wants to buy the spots. Let's do a little phone check here, 5-670-560 before we get started. 5-670-560, town 560 in the Verizon SIGIT or wireless lines. Very bad news is the Harperpass log David Samson will not be, uh, swinging it up filling in on Friday morning, day for the Harper. We have no idea who will be with. That bad news? Yeah, it's terrible. I was wondering, uh, Bozo the clown or Clara Bell. I'm wondering, which would be the better, um, name for Joe Bell. I'm not gonna ask you because obviously you've got that hot deal in the works. He's really going to bat for you a big time. That's what I hear you. He ain't no smokey burgers. I'll tell you that one comes to go into bat for somebody. He ain't no big pinch hitter. God, he's just, uh, non-confident meant to me. I think he's the problem there. 5-670, look at this. See, I don't think my phone is working. Oh, yeah, it's working, all right. 5-670-560, looking for a line checker or two. Now that the delay is catching up in the next 20-30 minutes. And pound-five-60 on the Verizon SIGIT or wireless line. Why you're not going to be a marbling game, but a why you wouldn't buy any of our merchandise on that best up. And at least people are such liars, man. When we get to that pool, looking at almost 30 percent. What are our CD? Well, if that's the case, we got the smallest audience ever had in my life in this market. What a joke that is. WQAM line check. Here I just will. Yes, sir. It's what it'll give you a quick website or the picture of just in that cafe. I think you'd enjoy. Just see mid-camp? Yeah, the song. Yeah. It's not for your audience, but you'll like it. But what is it kind of like? Okay, what is it? To www.our.auad.com. Just go down. You'll see you'll love it. Sounds important, graphic to me. I'm not. It sounds really important. Yes, sounds really important. It sounds great. Perfect. That's my kind of guy right there. Real perfect. Once I see some some Mahat Gainakas. Really nice. Yeah. Look at this. What's this all about? I don't have to go to my pile here. And I'm really pissed off at this whole situation after hearing talking the hank. And having clearance and then of course, tough k-men. You were like an earwitness to it. Yeah. It was just like one after the other. It was like watching the deck of cards come crumbling down man. Wow. One by one. Totally. And then you see everything was nice and quiet. About 943. Yeah. I had open up a mouth. Wait, how do you guys go out today? And then all. They started. They started. WQOM. Death Wish Radio. Hello. Hey Neil, I'll get that a gratitude. For. I just moved. And I know how much you hate cats. But I have an outdoor cat. Now you all just only have to do his business indoors. And for two days it's been panic, so around here. But as soon as I turned you on this morning, boom, you made a B-line for that box. I owe you Neil. I do. I have that effect, man. Thanks, man. Okay. Good luck. Kill that thing. Put it in microwave. No kidding. When it's out, no kidding. Don't forget, cats are the ones that are spreading that berbs that were around the world because they're the ones that eat the birds. And then they get the, you know, and of course, people trust those cats. And then guess what? Oh, can't have the bird flu. So either, you know, kill a bird or kill a cat. Or a food bird with one stone. I have no, no, man. Maybe that's why they're not the viny CDs. Do mostly. If you're just sum it up money from a band and per rescue go to cats. Yeah, that's the reason. That's gotta be it because I know we're all dog lovers. But anybody's to give money to cats. Fah. Ooh. Nasty. I'm real, you're about guys who have cats. WKWAM. Hello. Another reason. All fun. Members. Okay. WKWAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. I knew. Death wish radio. Yes. This sounds like Clarence doing a voice. Is this you, Clarence? As I heard my radio. I heard her's a bitch and I automatically assume Joyce died. No, there's nothing really wrong in that bit. And I just don't have me yesterday. Listen to it and I thought, well, what could be a Jacksonville with that? I mean, you know, right? Thanks for playing it. It was sorely missed. I'll bet. Okay. Good luck, you see. Right, though. Get that big jar of a family size jar of Vaseline. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that bit. Are you pretty proud, Missy? Huh? I agree. Even you didn't hit the button. I hope. No, I didn't. There's nothing there. Although I'm sure that you would do a little green apple Quish step in your seat, but, uh, a little bit. Listen to it and I thought, well, what could be wrong with that? It's a very generic. What it refers to. It's very generic. Anyway, we understand that you don't want to buy anything. This business about how many people stole the CD. They found a place to download or they burned a copy for their friends. You don't have to lie about that. We're not tracing who you are, where you are. And I can put your name on the ear. Yeah. Come on. Fests up to what's left. Line to us. God, are they a bunch of liars? Come in to QAM. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. When I come in, uh, then do the flawed. Am I going to be happy? Yeah. Come in to QAM. Hello. 10th, 10th, is 1, 2, 3. I'm going to study started fading. It's getting late. You're getting late. Yeah. Good job. Oh, just like buddy Holly said, not fade away, but in your case, you can forget the nod. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't buddy. Good. You know, a couple of things are quick. Just curious. I know you haven't been talking about it lately, but I'm assuming that you're been coming to you and enjoying yourself. And I'm just going to start a shing. I'm going to be 63 today. You're going to be doing your elder years? Yes. Um, is it going well for you? I mean, I get it. It's going out well. It's going great. I mean, you, a man of your stature and your income level. I mean, you should be as you enjoy yourself. And I hope you are. I'm serious. I'm screwed. I'm serious. And if it weren't for QAM, my life would be perfect. If it weren't for that place, do they, they're the only pimple on my life? That's awesome. Because I guess if I was in your position, I'm head of course. But I'm just a serious person. Yeah, I know a position you're in. I know. Well, you know, but I mean, I would just be, yeah, totally, you know, the best you could have won when you joined myself with multiple partners. And remember how I won? Because I feel like that's in his right. Well, yeah, man. I'm, I'm totally proud of you. Like, you know, you have no listen to you just as a kid. And I've heard you draw the phases and you deserve it. And you have my friends. Have you been hearing the, I'm a minor. A clear as a replies about three can just, um, um, there's only just a little bit. You can, you can bypass the laws and all that. Right. Well, we, we, we, that's where we don't have a person anymore. We have a dictator, right? I'm glad you're in the survey of each. I'm glad you're in the survey of each. Another reason to be away from there. Well, good luck to you, pal. You're going to be back with me. I'll play for you. I'll play for you. Well, there's a good guy. He actually started like somewhat sincere, which is shocking in South Florida. Yeah, he may. Well, I have, I have no complaints other than that place, which I'm thinking after that long summer schedule, man of all you do in two days a week at that point. I might have a surprise announcement for them because this, this Joe Bell. I don't know how long you think he can keep doing this, you know. Sooner or later you've got to pay the pipe for you know, I mean, it's like paying your bills. It's the same thing. You can stall, you can make excuses, and then sooner or later, and usually sooner, they'd like cut off your phone, or cut off your electric, or yes, or your satellite, would, would all these things happen a few way in because they don't pay their bills. But I mean sooner or later, he's going to have to get off the panel already, you know, terrible. Quit the clowning around sweetheart and get with it. Get off the pot. My god. He's still worried about whether it's going to be Mr. Wipul or what's the other, what's another brand of toilet paper? I don't even know what the brand is. No, that's Mr. Wipul. Oh. See, that's the only one we've heard. Yeah, pretty dark then. Well, I have Mr. Wipul, man. He even though the guy's dead, he had quite an impact in our lives. Don't squeeze it, and paper either. But he can't figure out, what's your, what's your, what's shand away for this guy? You just can't get off the pot. But if he's a bit of a fool, but I'm not all, yeah, you guys, man, I love you guys. Well, that's great. Or we're all happy to hear that. But do something. Do something. Jesus, God, Joe. Do something. Even if it's something bad, just do something. God, of course we do something. These are pretty somebody might not like him. You know what I mean? He would just want to be loved. Is that so wrong? 1040, 2040, 411 at 560, it's the Marlon pre-game pre-game. We're going to have to build up, we got the Crow come up later on today at 2 o'clock. Man, that should be really. That's embarrassing. So he sees a long, drop, drop problem. Exactly. And of course, it's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very. Yeah, you'll be here in a lot of that crap from the Crow. He spells real good. He takes a bath and cash, and we're okay. You'll be small and over the radio to Crow. Is that a matter of fact, if you want to small enough to close in person, this goes out to get, after the stadium. For opening day. Don't have to go up, just go to get, go. Yeah, that's right. Don't even have to get within like 100 yards of men. You'll smell it a mile away. Oh, man, cashmere, bokeh must be the Crow. So he's a gate to F as the Crow flies. You know, being outdoors like being at a gate F and so forth, you need comfortable shoes to take good care of your titsi. So the only place to go is brandy shoes and prestigious Pompeo Beach. Brandy's carry is all the major brands like Forshime, Echo Mofisto, Rockport, Hushpuppi, New Balance, all the other names in the shoe business that you know and love, and all sizes by the way for men and women they even carry wide wits if you have big fat platypus type feet and hard to find sizes too. Brandy's shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer all soft order and when you go into Brandy's and you see the selection value getting the nice treatment you get. You'll understand why we're rigged about them for years. Brandy's is the best. Go see our girlfriend, Arnie. Who get you the right fit at the right price every time. And unlike those department stores where you're way around and wait around for a sales holder to take care of you. And then they finally tell you that the side, the style you like is not on the shelf and your size. The only thing they do with Brandy's is shoes. That's all they do do so you don't have to worry about size, select new service. You want it, they got it, and unbeatable prices too. Brandy's shoes you'll find Brandy's a 1290. North Federal Highway in Palpano Beach right between Atlanta and Coppons on the East Side Can't miss it. They're open every day the week Monday through Saturday, Tomina, every Sunday till 5. And this week at Brandy's is a stupidest time to buy SAS. Save 20 to 40 bucks to pair at all great men's and women's style so we should get your ass into Brandy's this week or shop on your website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Come on, come on, you just found your new home for soft rock. Super wide. When you want the best soft and easy favorite soft and easy. Super wide, 94.6 FM, super wide. All right, now we're on a TV! We're on a TV. So leave me on. One, two, three, one. We're on a TV. Change to a hell. A hell. And yeah. We're on a TV. We're still going to sell it, six to two. This is what people are saying about super light 94.6 FM. And a light rock station, a bunch of f***y's man. You guys rock, like, you guys are super. Of course. Well, it's eight. What? What the f***? You are like rock and roll rocks, white. Oh, my, 94.6 FM. It's 10.45. That's where Josh is going to be working at super light pretty soon. At least that's his paycheck. All right. I'll get ready. Okay, here's the, yeah, we can't figure out what's going on with anybody. That's because we can't get any answers. I just said another email to normal. Can't she's not responding either. So things are not going swimmingly well at Q&A. The answer to that call a minute ago. Everything else in my life, it couldn't be better. Okay, man. I could weigh a little bit of the money. I could weigh a little bit of the money. Everything else in my life. It couldn't be better. Okay, man. I could weigh a little bit less. But my waist pretty good around 190. It's not too bad for me. 189. I got that pasta. We need it almost every day. All right. Life is sweet. Maybe except for Q&A. And that's the one sugar in wood pile. It's a real thorn in my ass. Or like a big, big burr in my saddle. As I said in that movie. Here's the poll from yesterday. Who do you hate the most? Another one of those very popular soft Florida hate pools. 1433 votes. I don't hate anybody. It's only 288 percent said that we don't believe any of you. Rick Sanchez 286. Boy, they hate him like poison outside, but definitely not on a mind. They got to Rick Sanchez voodoo dolls and they keep sticking him in the little cars, you know, and running them over. I hate this pool 175. Wouldn't that be nice? Rick Sanchez pedestrian doll. And he just sticking your driveway and keep running it over over and over again, backing up over it. Hate this pool 175. Joyce 143. The anti-Christ in Naples. Joyce. The Suffolk of the Accenture wouldn't know already if you shoved 6000 of upper ass. Then LeBastard 110. Mr. Ego Steve Kane 70, which I'm surprised that many people still remember who he was. Paul Cashler over 64. Poor little George 64. We're working that deal out for George men. They're hammering it up. They're hammering it. Believe me as we speak. I like George. You have to take care of George. Hank 62 at the Humphor. More Howard David, it was a late edition. He's got 56. So, George, don't go. Those are 256 and board of the en massemer. What? Joseph Aki 42. Yours truly 26. Greg Reed 16. Gelly Geldstein 14. Joy Reynolds 11. Boy Long gone. But definitely not out of mind. Joe Bell Terrible's got four in Jim DeFeedus's got two. He's got a face for a piano case. I guess. Boy, he's ever used seen him? No. Boy, when you ever on Channel 4, if you ever come across him on there, you'll wonder how to help. Who the hell took a puke at him and thought he belongs on television? You tough to look at? Oh, tough to look at. Man, he makes the Humphor look like Miss Twiggy. Why didn't it or won't you buy Neil's anniversary CD and the were T-shirt? We asked him to pull today, I asked because he just kind of curious. And I still can't get a number of what we got. 21,000, 22. I don't know what we got. Yeah, let's go a 22. You think? Sure, one. No, but I have no number. Well, we need a person. Who the hell doesn't like a good number? Well, that's cousin that girl is busy at the ballpark today. And this one is doing this and stuff is busy trying to like destroy the couple of accountants he's got. Oh, man, talk about a place with a death wish. Even Charles Bronson's embarrassed. God, just an incredible. Anyway, see, you'll be a people lie like crazy. We got 740 votes. We'll make a thousand easy. 212,000. I did buy that. That's 28.6%. What you know is what does I do? That's almost 30% of the audience. God, man, I think that's the case. I mean, we have no audience left at all, which is certainly possible away. This regime is going or you're lying a lot. I'm going to go with the option number two. Yeah. I mean, why do you have to lie? I'm not looking here to make me feel good. Why do you want to lie about it? You didn't buy crap, okay? This is the worst fundraiser. I'm so sorry I've ever gotten involved in it. In fact, look at that puppy. They're on CNN right now. Dog meditation helps owner and petalite. They have a little puppy on there. See there, man. They then know and the dog is sitting in Mrs. Limbaugh's lap and it's definitely like, oh, man, some rotten's been here. I did, 220, you lie. You'll tell me you bought a CDs, teachers, any of that garbage. I'm 2T, 175. See, that's an honest answer. I can handle that. That's why I put it on there. Okay, this poll up. 2 cheap. Don't want to cut loose with 20 bucks. Even after 30 years of free entertainment from that pet slot, I still will not give you 20 bucks. How's that? Don't want that Schmidt, 137. There's another honest answer. Who'd have a lot of sets of? That's great CD and T-shirts really neat. I like it. I hate this poll 95. Please, no more charity or stick 83. I voted for that. No more. No mass. Please. Stolen CD, 24. See, that's an honest answer. They found a place to a download from where they burned a CD from their buddy or whatever was, stole 24. And don't give the charity 15 cheap. Don't give the charity. What is that? They don't give the charity. Whoever heard such a thing. People in South Florida? I've heard of it. Keep bastards. Oh, what was the early bird? Can I have something for free, honey? Can we have some of those free tickets? Much of free loaders, man. Just unbelievable. But boy, you know, every single time that we've ever done a fundraising in a past, whether it was Camilla's house, that are one abandoned per rescue, always we could depend on like 60, 80, 100 grand. You know, the QAM less so then, because the rest of the station I would be with participate. It was like a team effort. Yeah. It was the host to hear where we're the odd man out. Definitely a little different. Right. A lot different, because we don't get any help any cooperation. Because we're not a sports show. God. I'll say. I think what we're going to have to do is auction offer meaning merchandise on eBay. Or maybe give it to somebody to auction off any van. She can pocket the profits. So don't keep lying to us on this pool here. I mean, you know, if you're going to vote on there, give me an honest answer. Maybe there's another choice. Maybe this is, uh, how about, uh, the CD sucks. Okay. I'm going to put that on there. Maybe they don't like the selections on there. I mean, it doesn't suck. It's like, in fact, the stuff that we're going to... Well, that one's under the ID category. I mean, if they think it sucks, they bought it. No. No. What? You know what I'm saying? I mean, they have the CD. No, no, no, you don't understand. You miss you my point. In other words, they're looking at the selections of the tracks. They're going online. It's got the list of the tracks. Right. And they don't like what's on there. So they don't want to buy it. Oh, the people that bought it are going to say the CD sucks. That's ridiculous. I mean, now you're giving them a ridiculous way out. You're starting to get like, Duff now. You're like, how do they selling against ourselves? No, I'm talking about the people that saw what was on it. And then they think it sucks so they don't want to buy it. No, you go into a record store and you browse and truth see these. And you pick it up and you say, this is a bunch of crap on here. I'm not going to buy it, right? Right. Well, maybe that's what they looked at. So even though it's got the bridge tender when young meals stuff that they're always bigger than me to play that I don't want to play. And a bunch of other good stuff on here. Well, we don't want it. We don't want it. Just put it on there and quit arguing. All right. Can you put it on there for yourself? Well, we haven't got anybody in other room. So don't send any faxes in because there's nobody sending any faxes along. So I'll just, you know, jog over there in the break. No, during the break. I'm jogging and yeah, slip it along. But we're operating a little short handed. They in the probably part of this reason being it's partly ongoing experiment. Oh, we don't need three people on it. Show. We'll just send the Joshua, but it at a power 96 and put them under Maddie Bells wing and and George can handle all these things in there. That's what they're really looking to. They got 16 people doing the show in a morning of us 75 people doing the afternoon shows. Take a look at those numbers by the way. You got three people and that's it. And Boca Brian and chicken that can us all. That's our staff. And he still don't want to take care of it. Well, we're paying that fact guy. Yeah, well, you know, something that you made the deal. Okay, just keep the checks coming. A lot to get very serious. Like Josh suggested, the end of the summertime when summer schedules over like a lot of labor day. Guess what folks, it's been really great. Thanks for the memories vibe. I get lost, you know. I got a couple of bucks put away. And between now and that, look at all the money I'm going to win it would buy. So many QAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. I was talking about the CDs. I wanted to let you know that I did buy one. Yes. When I did was I met the van at one of the locations. And I really was looking for the eyes and their fit. And I thought for sure that we're going to be on the 30 man CD and it turned out they weren't. But I don't know who's in the van. The older CDs that had them on there. So I ended up buying both. Really? But I think that might be one of the reasons why maybe the result hasn't been, you know, a standard. Because they can, they've been a disaster. Oh, sure. But you know, you had like, you know, the body of the station owner. If you had like, you know, the jacked on the box, they, I know I have my specific favors. And if those were on there, you know, I buy one. Yeah. I'm going to have a little bit of some Michaelizer do house and he'll do a number four. Okay. Thanks for your help, pal. There's a guy above more than one thing. Yeah. When you see they didn't really want to do the van hits. See one of the things that goes on here in the fact Georgia's on vacation this week is a good thing. Personally, I like Miguel. He's a good guy. But as far as professionally, he's a lazy guy. You know, any of y'all, they sent me all this stuff through all this stuff. But I always, always crying, always crying. And he's got to do all this other stuff. But you know, something don't get involved in a project unless you want to follow through with it. And it became very obvious to me that they didn't want to be involved in this. And Georgia every morning has passed along the message, oh, gee, well, other people, you know, it's so much work for them. Well, you know, something, how are they? That's why it's after that attitude. I'm sick and tired about the fact that anybody connected with anything we do when it shows doesn't want it. I don't want it. And then have the appearances they would do where places that were guaranteed failure, because they had nothing to do with this show. They had to do with the promises that sales people made to certain clients that don't even advertise on this show. Oh, yeah, we're going to send the van by Miguel's going to be their stripping naked and do all kinds of sex acts on your parking lot. And it's going to be really great, you know. Yeah. Well, what's that kind of to do with us? Nothing. And in reference to the caller, I mean, you know, we tried to put bits on there that weren't on all the other scene. Right. I mean, there's plenty of, well, but the guide made a good point. And that is they had somebody older. One of the new things that I was looking for on there. Now, in addition to which, see part of the problem with this is it's like you may like the guests who, or just an example, okay? Okay. I love to get what I do like to guess who, at least a music. I can't stand Burton Cummings after that experience of wood by it. But, but if you go out and you find like the best of the guests who, you know what I'm saying? Right. And you're looking to the selection and you're like a couple of songs down there like that aren't there. And you think, well, listen, my favorite songs that are on here. I'm not going to buy it. See what I'm saying? Sure. I can see that? Yeah. And that's the way it works. But we can't put them all on there. But the fact that the matter is we've had so many of these CDs and a lot of the other ones have it on previous ones. And, you know, how many people are going to buy overlaps? Good point. Right. So the fact that they already got the bridge center. And they already got the young Neil. They already got old Neil. And they already got whatever. You know, enough is enough. That's why they want to do it. Anyone in the first place. I said, no. And then they'd do. Oh, brother. That one. I should have ripped him an ass about that this morning when he was in there. Give me a double talk. I'd say you want to think that we got a clown as general manager and we got a double talker was the new sales hole. But it would be fun to look for them out. Where he's like he's counter-selling. He's selling against himself. He's selling one climb and then he goes and sells against himself. That's like my coming on here and telling you about the two greatest Chinese restaurants in town. You know, the two greatest, the shoe stores. It's just ridiculous on the face of it. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. How can everything be the greatest? Unless of course it's got those pepper corns and parmese and cheese on it. Why didn't I walk you by Neil's anniversary CD and Ortiz shirt? Thirty long, freaking years and you keep fast. You just write there on our website. Now maybe the people who go to our website. Maybe they're the ones who bought it. You think? I think we're the bulk of it came from. It is the website. Overall, I think so. Yeah, I'm on the beginning. Then I saw the down to a crawl. Yes. 766, I did to it in 2021. Almost 29% of our online people. See the people that go to our website. Those are the good people. The rest of the people are like that. That was the raspberry by the way, Joyce. Big raspberry. I'm 279. Don't like that. Schmidt 144. I hate this pool. 97. Please, no more charity stick. All trucks may have nothing to worry about in that category. No chance. I stole a CD 24. I steal it. I don't give the charity 16. And it sucks. Well, not letting me in it. There's two things there. The T-shirt. But I say T-shirt and the CD. The CD sucks. And you put it sucks. They know what I mean. Yeah. Better watch it because Josh isn't kind of a surly mood. He's not real happy with the way he's been treated like some kind of a lemon. Some kind of a rubber ball. Maybe we kind of like that rubber ball in Joyce's mouth. This is a new run. Because you want to be there. This is 5.62. 8. This is the new laundry show. This is your toy. Go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? It's beautiful. It would cause a static beautiful. Like a fighting man. It's beautiful. And it's a scratch on the sense of tear. This is an awful way to live. Your friends will knock your top or some bloody shit Come rise top first wonder if I have a ball of dc's scratchy airy oil. Look at the skin scratching shirt. Only a little mildly closer. What a pity has come over me. Like a man here, a lot of shit. So the bad as rain as this. On my boring step, I'm going to be. My King to the snow. I know it's true. It's cold. It's very cold with no one in the top or some bloody shit come rise top first. Like you wights me and I might pop her in one of my hands. And call the bloody it's ready. Here we go. Oh, it's beautiful. It's 11.02 at 5.62. to WQM, we have Tarkin hardball with the Crow at 2. Holy cow, my embarrassed by that. A gate-off opening day at the Marlins, there, man. Of Marlins and Jeffrey Lorry was on it this morning, but a beep, but a boop, but about then he's going to get involved. He's going to do this. They've attached them all beyond filling in for the Humperon Friday morning. Humper is going off on screens, Arkansas. Wasn't that nice to me to get him a nice weather forecast there? Yeah, well that is good forecast. Good stuff. That is good stuff, man. In the 80s, saw to be a nice and hot springs. Arkansas. Well, I mean, can't I hear anything? I'm sure that the deli's probably aren't the best. Especially at pace off time, they probably don't have any good moths of pizza there, or moths whatever. Speaking of moths, Bernardo, Provinzano, the Undisputed Chew, I've got a pretty good pile here, by the way, and I'm sure that you won't be objecting unlike Miguel who's just a pin in the ass. And Miguel, we know that you're lazy, and you got a lot of other fish to fry, and you'll care about us. That's fine, okay? Hope you have a good time out there with the Crow. Snickers armpits. Okay. That's a total. Did he? No, I said, just get a total. Oh, I thought you said he got us a total. Yeah, yeah, get us a total for this project, okay? It's not embarrassing enough that we're like sucking wind on it. Just get us a total for Christ's six. Man. No, I mean, like Hank said, man, they set you up for failure. It's the new deal now, the embarrassment factor. Look at how many votes we got, 777, about 20 minutes ago, we had 66. You'll aren't a crystal. 28.9, they're adamant, man. They keep saying, we bought it. We bought no, you didn't. No, you didn't. Oh, and two people said this, CB sucks. Yeah, well, guess what, suck this. I'm not buying it. Are you? Nope, well, especially since you and George put that together. And you guys took it. Yeah, I helped out George did most of it. Mm-hmm, well, no, I like I said it sucks. For an art or a proven son or the import George man, how they're jerking him around, he has not a contract since the beginning of the year. He's working on the like, uh, some dark cloud. And oh, I'm going to take care of George. That's what Claire Bell told me. And I still haven't got an email back from Norma Kent. He's probably in court again. You know something Norma, I'm not sending any more money this year. How's that? Whatever you've got, that's it. Because you're not doing it. You're not getting it done, man. Make believe agents. Fantasy man. Fantasy man. Too much comedy would him young, runaway boys. That's the problem Norma. Just like they said in the garf, the too much comedy would at the young girl. Remember that? Yes. And Brian Marlon Brando said, you said, I thought I'm mad. But come on, come on. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. I'll march him up the side of the head. And then he said, the thing you brought it, it brings all the nice side makes it. At least Santina said that. Anyway, it's a godfather story. That's why I played that. For another proven zonoid, the undisputed chief of these Sicilian mafia, one of he was kind of pepper oven zonoid used to be the head of the Tady Downs Race track. Mm-hm. Who had been on the run for more than four decades was arrested while hiding in a farmhouse near Corioni and Sicily officials said, see a lot of you people thought there were no says places, Corioni. I did not know that. What? That is a Corioni? I didn't know that. Well, there absolutely is. He's a good. Take it all. Thank god. The hottest finally oversimplerma police chief Jacepi Coruso today. Just Cepi Coruso. Man talk about a stereotypical name. I want to gwee rope. I'm barred by all these Italian names. Said today after Agent Samdittal is most wanted man's going to stay its biggest success against the mafia more than 13 years. Bernardo proven zonoid. Proven zonoid known as the Phantom of Corioni after his native Hill town made famous by the godfather films has been running the mafia since former boss of bosses. Toatoreena was arrested 1993. He was arrested when police swooped in in a farmhouse in the countryside near Corioni. Proven zonoid who put up no resistance and occultes his identity after first denying it was flowing in by helicopter to a secret location in Polermo. The big news even bump national election results off a task for on TV newsbones. They still try to fix that election over there. Call the Bush people. They call Carl Roe and the Bush people in the South African Harris and James Baker the third to see how they can fix the election to keep British go and they don't look good though. Proven zonoid 73 is the one in 63 was known as the Italy's super fugitive. He had been sentenced in a censored life in jail in connection with the mafia's most notorious crimes in recent decades including the killings in 1992 of top anti mafia mafia magistrates Giovanni Falcone and Paulo Vorsalino. The latest picture police had him was taken when he was only 25 years old. In the recent video since the use of computer or depictions of the high might of age. Aided by information from turncoat mafia Ossie. Polissa they found cryptic no sense. Balpies is a paper known as titi. Which Proven zonoid used to communicate with the complexes and his family. Patini sounds like something you'd eat. Or maybe the has something to do with Don Barzini, Patini. In Corrioni the news of his capture was met by this belief. I don't care how many day go get you what brief all of them. People were shot said, Dino Petterostro and anti mafia journalist is nothing that disability became part of our psyche most people believe he'd never get caught. As he on many was known as Vinu the tractor because of the way he mowed down enemies when arizing him out of the Corrioni clan. Vinu the tractor. Kind of like what they do to a QA man. Like I like a gigantic tractor came at a time just mowing us right down that way you feel pretty much. Getting mowed down or mow how are David or maybe mow green. Dino who I am. I'm mowed. Well good. 760 why I'm looking at it to actually the numbers going up now. So what do you think? This is just we're getting a free done this because I was soon as I saw that when I put the pull on their last night I thought what a bunch of BS artists man. Well you never know they could be being honest today. But I doubt it. You think 29% of our audience has bought the C.B. In the T. shirt because if that's the case, we're out of business. Well remember, we need to just are people going on our website right now and we're going to be doing that. You know probably not. There's some people going on. Keep in mind that it's a very limited number of people I can vote. We were talking about that yesterday. Like if you're with them about a 75 block radius, thanks to the limitations of the internet. But that's only if you're on the same network is right. You know like companies. You know but I'm sure yeah, I'm sure people are being limited to that. Well that's not good. Anyway 29% of the online people said they bought it. So it's the people offline. Those are the problem. The other masses out there and of course they're cheap. See if they can afford a computer anyway. See if they're going to buy a CD or a stick in T shirt. Now another choice would be meals not here to sign them. You want to put that on there? Okay. And they'll give me a lot of the blame. Oh well we used to like to go to those appearances in Neil would sign our CD and he would sign our T shirt. Yeah, I'm sure that would be a lot of folks. Yeah, I have a feeling it will. Oh yeah, blame me for it. I'll be more than happy to take the blame. It's my fault. Neals fault. They're cheap. 560, 560. I got some good stuff in this pile today. Maybe I got a nice fat pile. Man. Someone got them even called you with a total of anything. Yeah, but I want to say like or you know. And you know George sticks up for him because birds of a feather stick together. They must have ethnic thing again. He always covers up for a poor Miguel. Poor downtrot in the gale. I mean we go out of be kissing the grud. You don't have that bitch to arrange Jason Royaels anymore. What else you got to do? You haven't done the do. He actually praised daily and is off the stick because of that. And there you go. Boy, she was really stupid. You know her? The ring. Yeah, did I. Boy, was she something else man? That's good to see her going. Something else. I can't say it on the air. She made joy seem like her. The good humor lady. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello there. Yes sir. Meal. Yeah. I bought mine. I bought mine from Miguel the first day. Well thank you so much you're the one. Yeah. That was a time for a fine. I was like who did the phone the girls like that in the fan. And how was it? Was it okay the CD and it was a defective? Was it okay? No, it's terrific. Did he give me like a $50 bill in the envelope or something? I mean did he like you know? No, I didn't give me a bribe. I just told him. But let me have a CD. Have a nice day. Okay well thanks a lot, Palia. I appreciate your help. Okay. See you. But there's the guy. See we had a meeting. I want to hear from people of Bauda. I'm not that out money on grateful. I appreciate that very much. We want to know what else going on here man. I'm trying to figure out where we are in life. There may be there's another reason why you know that's right. What's the other reason you didn't want to buy it on because it's sucked because you're cheap ass because of the fact that you hate us all like poison. What's the story man? This business. Oh, I did buy it. I'm not buying it. I'm not believe in it. You lie. You got Greg Reed and Joe Belsen, Joe Mirackella, Belsen, Joe. Tell a lot of tales. And I still don't have any response from normal kid. I got news for you normal. You think you're getting another dime from me or from George. You're a dream man. You're doing a heck of a job browning out. Nothing. He ain't doing. He ain't cutting it. Let me just tell you this. If and when you do get your deal ironed out, Josh, you won't be because normal can't have gotten involved. As I also talked about you and the fact that we can't get your your ideal straight enough. And you notice what he's done on that. You notice? Yeah. I've noticed a lot. NADA is in Nata. Not a thing. Nothing. He's having just as much success for you as he is for George. So don't feel left out. An equal amount of success. None. As they say in the rectum re-man. None. Not directly. What was they call the combat? I'm sorry. I get them confused. You'll be rectum re and the combat. I'll get you stuff there. All you kids out there that are off from school is wait. Don't let your parents drag you to church or a shoe and start and doctor to the end definitely. All you was lommest, many ex out there. Quick the stickiness and some guys brought. It was really good show on a passion of I and CBC last night again about what's going on in Iraq since with the insurgents and everything. All my God. What's going on over there? Enough to make you scream. And they show these Islamic fundamentalist lunatics in their like under carpets. They got there. The one guy's got his ass up in the air and the guy behind him's got his nose in it. And sniffing you know. Oh brother. Good God. That is just this whole religion thing man. Stop already with the insanity. Let's get down to important stuff okay. Like sex and drugs. And cut the crap already. And then talk about about your hypocrites you know. Number of those those terrorists the lives of the 9-11 terrorists. Where they spent their last couple lives in a strip club somewhere in Florida. Remember that? That's right. Go ahead and have a talk about that. He was there in some strip joint. Getting a flat dance. All South Florida all summer in all year long. How about getting instant 1200 cat cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner the 5th or addition of the carrier and affinity system? And the main thing is even better you get this family system from Royce Aaron Heat with him. taking care of the track County area family is for count them 3 long excreciating generations. As the carrier factory authorized either Royce guarantees your 100 percent satisfaction and that your CT is back by carrier the people who invented air conditioning and now come along with the carrier Infinity system. system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted itself for maximum efficiency. And speaking of maximum efficiency to maintain the number of your prisoner conditioner, join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. Here's how it works twice a year that come to your house and inspect and tune up your system. You'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have a problem and 10% off and a needed repairs. All of these things for just... All of these things. 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two-speed and finish the system with a pure on or piece of mind or a year round with a Comfort Club either way make the Royce choice. That's the smart way to go. Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. 3-800-370-7075. That Troy Toyota to call. 1-800-370-7075 for Royce Air and Heat. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-2A. You f- Bill? God. Royce? Yes, Don Mario. I never wanted this for you. I killed Donkey Kong to take out on my family and I refused to be a fool dancing on the joystick held by some kids we teenager but I thought that that when it was your time that you would be the one to hold the joint fit. Same with a Luigi. Governor Luigi. One that wasn't enough time and I'm afraid it's staying over. Please, good. Take the gun. Governor said it better myself. The quality on a family from Corleone, Sicily, Sicily. How small is he, man? So I'll cooking show from a polar modesty of the days matter. Back on the food channel which I originally don't watch and I definitely don't watch iron chef. Okay, it's got nothing to do with the food. That business with iron chef. All brother. Finally, George is out this way so we can rip him in the ass. 800 and 5 votes on a pool and still 28.9% say, oh we bought it. We did it. We done it. What do you want from us? We did it. That's what I say. Only else not here at the sign it's already got one. I bet you're just voted for that. I did not. 567. Oh, and guess what? I ain't coming here to sign it. I'll go sign some autographs at the air. Can't have the song. Oh, but oh, but oh, buy him if you do. What? You got to start coming down. I can do it. I did leave. Here on me finish. I'm going to have a whole bunch of these CDs with me. Not. And I'm going to like be saying that outside the air can't have a center gate to Z as in Z. They had that they were talking to some guy from the Bruins organization at least TV the other day and Jeff Maherick was a real idiot of punk. He says, oh, and a full of this is so and so from WB Z in Boston. I just, I just about fell off my sofa. WB Z. I mean, I know that's a Canadian thing. That's Z. Even you know WB Z in Boston. I've heard, yeah. You've heard of it. I mean, I do 103. Bruce Bradley and Jay Dunn and Jefferson K and Arne Ginsburg. Not Arne Ginsburg. What's his name? Larry Glick and Dave Manard and Carl DeSus. Huh? All of those go in. A 25, this is from Manamani's concept. This is kind of cute. 25 year old man linked to stealing 854 pairs of underwear. Yes. Oh, that. I was sentenced to one year in jail and Manamani was constant. It was a second time as convicted of stealing panties. Anthony Allen's schoolfield. I wonder if he was kind of ducky schoolfield used to play for the pirates. It was also sentenced to 10 years probation on Friday and Dunn County circuit court in Manamani was constant. Follow his guilty plea to a felony burglary charge in February and add face more than 18 years in prison. It's sure could have been a lot of worse. A lot worse. It's a difficult crime set as attorney Peter Moran. Schoolfield, I'm going to accuse the Stephen three pair of thumb underwear from a woman in Manamani last summer. He allegedly broke into the woman's home. She was out of time and stole a woman described as very distinctive looking underwear's schoolfield was arrested the short time later after police found the underwear at his residence in Manamani. He was convicted of a similar felony burglary in 2003. He's a panty. So, if we're okay, what's the big sentence? Police had linked him to the theft of 854 panties. His probation ended days before the burglary last summer. He left a register now as a sex appendix because of his crimes. He was also want to go sex appendix treatment pay $2,500 fine. Oh, we're fine. I bet. I like that. He's a panty sniffer. There's some people are a panty waste and then we got some more a panty sniffer. Well, and then there's somewhere like a panty stuffer. Eight hundred twelve votes, 28.8 percent say, oh, we bought it. Leave us alone. We've unedited. Liers. It's just the rest of the people don't want to say they're too cheap or they don't want it. You know, we're not going to hurt our feelings. We'd rather have a billion people on a saying we're too cheap to do it or we just don't leave us alone. You know, no more charity sticks. See that one's moving up a little bit. That's what I voted for. It's a pain in the ass man begging going on here and begging, please. Oh, she do it for us. Please. No, they won't. So, it's like trying to get blood out of her turn up man. I'm trying to get water out of her rock. You can't do it. No matter how hard you squeeze, it's like, you know, having a little intestinal problem. No matter how hard you squeeze, you can't get anything out. No one I'm saying. I'm sure you do. I've been there. We all all we've all been there. All been there with a veins in our forehead just about ready to pop right. That's like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, leave a rise and sing it around the sun out here from too many Marlon fans all whipped up about being on their way to that Marlon game today. They're going to go there and tailgate they're going to hang out with a crow. Well, that's going to be waiting to call the crow. Not us. I was that one is that's bad. So, I think I'm going to be talking hardball with a crow from 2 to 3 30. This year I want to talk to us. And that's how it hardball would need you. No, they don't want to talk to baseball with a hardball softball. They don't want to do with us. Not those sports freaks. WQAM Marlon sent us central hello. Some like to vacuum like a Hoover. Yeah, what don't get sucked into it. WQAM hello. Hey, I have an idea for you. Yeah, I bet you do. I got an idea for you too. That's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, he didn't pay that real fast. Well, I'm faster than you are today. How am I on top of it? Oh, I had him there. Come on there. Town 5, 60, leave a rise in singular wireless line. See if we can just eliminate him. Life would be so much better all the way around. This is true. I mean, I can put up with Prozac Ron. You know, even once in a great while he says something a little bit on the music side. That's probably over here. Well, yeah, maybe once a year, every 10 year. And even blind Mike who called in the other day. You know, even he's like maybe about a twice a six month kind of a day. But the other one in his boyfriend, man, those are the ones that I'm going to tell Big Fiber to get a hitman. If station in the top of the park, we get a two for one day. And then the a G man, you know, the other one. The other guy. I mean, first still. One keeps going away and coming back. Like a bad penny keeps coming back over and over again. Over again. Every time you think you're, I rid of one. And all of a sudden, they resurface again. Like a bad dream. Like a nightmare. Like Clara Bell. Speaking of nightmare. I still ain't gone to a message from Norma Kentthier. Somebody QAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. I just want to let you know that we would love to buy these things. But unfortunately, because of disposable income now, we've got all got to like a tax on us with the gas prices. I just put 50 bucks in my truck and didn't even fill it up. And you know, it should be. By the way, I'm glad you reminded me. Thank you, Mr. President of the Earth's low gas prices. Thank you. I want to do what a jackass. If stuck in space in a business and now they're wondering why they're getting sunk. Right. It's just unbelievable. I mean, I would love to do to help. And anyway, I can. And I have an ass, but it's both willing come as all but evaporated. It's all in my mind. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Take care. Okay. Let's put that on there, too. We've got no money. Got no cash. How's that? All right, cool. Now, I see. I met a lot of people out there. We glad to help us. I think it's getting gotten no cash. This guy cost him about 700 bucks to fall off his tank. Look at that. At least 30 kilonebombing and karate Pakistan. Oh, man. Those Pakistanis, man. Then in the Saudis, there is where we ought to be like a directing our attention. Servals, again, it nukes my street in their ass out. I'll let bull crap. Karachi Pakistanuna, bomba Grande, man. We're going to grab and body parts. Wow. 820. We're going to add that on there. Oh, and he'll not hear the sign. It's five. Yeah. Let my autographs really worth a lot of money, man. It really. That should be a really good excuse. It's just what I see you, man. Well, guess what? Like the beetle said, you won't see me. You won't see me. You won't smell me. You won't know for me. I don't want to. Oh, seven now, he'll not hear it. But they're getting on there. Got no cash. Just put it on there. Well, this is how we're fresh. It'll probably pop up in this guy. No, he had a very good point. I mean, you know, what would you rather have? Gas and New tanks, so you can go to work or would you rather have our stupid RCD? Oh, have any cash? It's in any yet. And we get a lot of votes. Here's a great article. I better not start yet because I'll have to interrupt it. Voice to fears and self above the law has the first American dictatorship already arrived. Man, this is a good one. You're going to be on the edge of your seats. Listen, I'm sure you will. Of course, I'll you punk, so I'll tell you that it would know George Bush from your mama get lost. Okay. Go out there and sell some drugs. Go do something constructive. Get out of our face. I'll have little silly people. You know, I'm telling I can't. I try to be fairly broad minded. You know, I'm not broad minded like you. You're broad minded in a different way, but you know, what have you been mind? That's a better way to put it. I have an open open mind. Got especially especially in being in Toronto most of the year, we're like there's all these injured people and packy people. I'm sorry, packus Danny's 11 and people from like Chinese people and Korean people and Filipino, not that's where I draw the line. The Filipino is that there's where I go. Get to this. No. And of course, not only that, but I draw the line. Yeah, right there too. Oh, it's a good machine line at that point. I just I draw the line. And not like Johnny Cash. I walked the line. I draw the line. I'm going to come out with a song. I draw the line. Yeah. Right about a Euro right right at that fine line between where you're standing in my assistant here at the machine. My guests, they away from me. Stay away from me and my machine. Because I might pull out a good machine going and you'd be surprised. 26 past 11. That's what they say to make everyone needs a good machine gun. Oh, and where the hell was I here in about, I think it was in Caracas. They had like 9,000 murders and some some unbelievable number last year. What I always tell you about Caracas is a slaughterhouse. You call these poor people live up in Las Montanias, man. They're up there in Amazines, little shacks with their TV antennas, with their aerials on top. And I'll speak of aerial seroni and do good. And then at nighttime, we're soon to get started. They come into town. They like rob everybody and rape and plunder and kill. And it's a not house. Of course. Let me just tell you when you get that big raise. Don't spend that money going to Latin America. Go straight to Amsterdam. I wouldn't worry about it. Oh yeah, I wouldn't either. It's first of a normal can't now returning. I'm going to send him during the next break. I'm sending him a skating email. I'm going to tell him, guess what? I already paid your certain amount of money in the you know. And after that good luck to you, Norma. Here to you, useless is, your Zeus says Breston or fraud man, Breston or Boopotode. Abboton you folks for years about Dalmatra's Narrow Standing Service if you thought Dalling 100 Mathras on the phone was easy, check out Matra's dot com. You shop whenever and wherever you want. When you log out at Dalmatra's Matra's MacRis dot com page, you see the extensive product line from all the top names that you're right away in love. Seely, service, Simmons King Quill, temper Peter's turns and bananas faster. You all see photos, pictures, prices and a whole lot more. You can do the ordering process online or at your visit, Matra's dot com. Just call him, one hundred mattress, place your order and schedule that delivery in a two hour window that you choose. I knew to two one to three two to four and they show up. And right now take advantage of Dalmatra's great 12 month financing program too. When you call one eight hundred mattress, you get factory direct prices, lower than the chain stores even during those so-called big sales. They don't have to leave the house and shut up all around and waste that expensive gas. So call right now, Dalmatra's at one eight hundred mattress, the official mattress company call one eight hundred mattress right now. Talk on the expert betting consumer. We know is their crap or log on a mattress dot com for the best way to be ever had in your lifetime. One eight hundred MATT RES leave off the last and it's because it stands for Stupendus sensational savings. This is Neil Roger. What solid is this? Is 516. David's a bit too old. So Katie Kirk announcing her departure from NBC. But now here's something you didn't get this week. It's what Katie was saying all in the air. Followed by what was going on at the same exact time with the behind-the-scenes crew. First, here's Katie. I wanted to tell all of you out there. I've decided I'll be leaving to go to that new end of the mail. And now here's what the crew who she always treated so nicely over the years was saying that exact time. Hey, I know I don't know the vast majority of you personally and it may sound kind of corny. And here's the crew. Again, back to Katie lies. But I could not have asked for a more talented partner or better friends and just as Dorothy said to the star crow, I think I'm going to miss him most of them. And here's the crew backstage. Yep, Katie Kirk is leaving NBC and from a guy she threw the stapler at to the intern. She screamed at and everyone she stepped on every day. This is a very happy goodbye. Yeah, I have a feeling she was like the Sandy Peyton of NBC. You know, I'm here with a nice therapy thing on here and then of course behind the scenes everybody. Have a nice day. Hey, did it like poison? Just like an eye-o-do to hit a Sandy off here like poison. Speaking of behind the scenes, yes. I got this guy called from Norm Kent. Yes. And he was like, what do you mean you just got a call? I just got a call. On what? On like a top of toaster? I got called the station. Yeah. And he said he wasn't court and he's going to shoot you back in email just afternoon. Yeah, well tell me, excuse me, okay. Tell my shop that you have sure of them was sure of. Oh, man between he, it's just they just where you are. Man, and listen to the Humphrey this morning. He's he's like about the radio like him peel himself on a sharp object. Do you know what? Yeah, he did. He really started about his morbid and depressed because, hence, usually, you know, he kind of went in 700 pounds. He's still, you know. Now he keeps his chin up. But this morning he started, I mean, so down in the dumps, you know, and of course, they made a lot of bad decisions and now they want that they want other people to pay for their decisions. And not going to happen, okay? But the station, the rest of the people are going to bail your asses out, okay? Because all you people made a lot of stupid decisions. And because you wouldn't listen to anybody else. And so now you're you're locked in a box to get like, uh, an Al Gore would say they got that lock box. And then time for a piece of thing. I got locks in a box. I don't think you need locks on a piece. I don't know what that. You know what? I, whatever, I want to eat. I don't care whether it's a piece of what it's good Friday, bad Friday, what it was lent, borrowed, sold, uh, God. The fact, you know, people who who live their lives by growth, you know what I mean? In other words, everything is predetermined for them by someone because some get ski told him this is what you do on Friday. Right. And this is what you want to certain day because the calendar said, you know, cut the crap already way, yeah? I have no respect for people who are themselves to be in their lives to be manipulated by my exploitors, which is all these religious getks. And it is the exploitors. That's all. Yes. Oh, you're going to have seven virgins up there. You're going to have a hundred virgins. Yeah. Well, that tells me you're a proverb, okay? If we will let blow yourself up because you wait for a bunch of virgins, which would all of babies are punched out over there. I'll see too many Islamic virgins, by the way. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. And even in India, man, we're like a human like poison. They feed them like crap. They're avoiding all those female fetuses. But nevertheless, they still find a way to reproduce. I don't know if I'm to go into India and guys are doing it by themselves. They'll be producing part. Although, from what I've seen, it's possible against 845 votes. We're going to make that thousand real easy today. That means we got somebody out there, something, you know, couple. I think that this station has been removed from the dial. Well, the signal's bad enough. It's almost the same. Yeah, that's true. We want to go on FM. We want to take over Kiss. I mean, Clara Values to be the GM of Kiss. Get that country crap off it. You can put that on AM. All of them truck drivers. They'll listen to what on AM. They'll listen to what on XM. I like it, sound of that. Let's get on FM. Let's get where the living and breathing people are. Nobody other than the age of 100 listens to AM radio anyway. I've been saying that for like 10 years, you can imagine what it's like now. We have all these different handicaps to overcome. First, we're on a stupid ass sports stage. We're going to talk about ball games and guys that take showers together, which sounds awfully to me. And then we're like on AM, the top of all up, but you're all taking the money right to the bank just like yesterday. Just keep the checks coming. I don't care. I sound like I care. I only wish I could be one of those people. I really mean this. If there's one thing I wish I wish I could just abandon all of that. Yeah, I wish I just couldn't give it. Could get to the floor where I didn't give it crap. I just can't do that. I know how to do that. I mean, I need to be hypnotized. I need to see my old friend Burke Tanon get hypnotized. 10th and 25th, so there are boxes close to what is they can come at payday. Don't care about anything else. Just forget about it. Screw everybody else. Josh is having trouble getting a deal. Screw Josh. They're George too bad with it. You know, like that. Go see Tony Robbins to get you a hypnotized. I don't want to see that guy with those donkey teeth. I don't want to see that man. His head is bigger than some cities. That doesn't banana hands too. God, is he some kind of a freak or why? You got a hand it to him though. Although I like basketball. I was very into him. That's him going there. So what did normal say? He said he was in court. Yeah. And he said he's going to shoot you an email. And he said ding dong, which is dead. Exactly. That's a normal. He says ding dong. I hang up the phone and run like hell. I almost did, but I wouldn't blame him. He squeaked out that he was going to get you. I think you'd probably like you. Well, that's nice to know. But yeah. Well, he might take you under his wing. Oh, yeah. It's probably getting a little crowded under that wing, but nevertheless, why didn't or watch you buy meals anniversary, see the end or t-shirt we asked today. We got 850 votes. And a poll that they don't really like this poll anyway. You know, I hate this poll. It's got 105 and I don't blame you. But I just did an auditory acidity if there were like some reason if maybe like I farted the wrong flavor or maybe if George puts a meal garbage on there that you didn't like. Yeah. I mean, what's the problem? And what I tell you, because you're not here to sign it is moving up. No, I told you that. Then it wasn't either one. I told you to put it on there. I told you that. Oh, yeah. Turn this around to blame me. If you were just here to sign it, we'd have bought a new one. You were full of crap. I'll tell you what, mail it to me. Send it to me and I'll mail sign it. Or what I'll do is I'll send a whole bunch of my signatures. You can slap a monitor. How's that? All right. Sounds good. I put it on a rubber stamp. I did buy a 243 out of 853, 285 percent still say, oh, we did. No, you didn't. You're lying. I did. No. Don't you believe me? No. I'm too cheap. One ninety two. And I see those difference between I don't have any money and too cheap. Two cheap means you got the money. This won't cut loose with 20 bucks. That's fast. It's $192. Boy, cheap. Don't want that. $155. Well, I don't blame you. I hate this pool. $106. Please no more charity stick. $86. And that's why I cut it off. That's why I disassociate it from it because it got to be ponderous. That gets in the fan after the middle of the Everglades and can understand why nobody was shown up. Oh, we're on Southwest A Street Little have ended today and we raised the $40, you know, well, what was that all about? Or like you, you're some U. M thing, you know, with Bernie Cosa, I knew you were 40 or 60 bucks. I got news for you. M crowd. Those are the last people going to be involved with this show. You of M. 60 years I swed it over hot microphone to a great job on you and baseball. I was brilliant sensational. And you know what they give me a return? They give me the attack into Luke like Antony and Scalia. So I stole the CD 25. They burned it. They copied it. They downloaded it. They steal it. At least they're honest about it. And at least they wanted it. You know, I don't give the charity 17. Meals not here to sign it 12. See, they're very convenient. It's my fault. There's no question about the CD sucks 10. And I don't have any cash. So the land of excuses. Why aren't you go to the Marlins home over today? I don't got no money. I don't got no money. I don't got no kid. I hate them. I don't want. You know, there's no embarrassment factor. By the way, the obliges are a fucking win now against Tampa Bay. Why is it that certain teams just can't beat certain other teams? You have no to say yes? I mean the devil raised. So how can they still be in Venice? You think the Marlins drop bad? The Marlins have on a bad day. I know. More people are one day than devil raised getting six months. Let's turn on that seriously. Tampa is not a place for a baseball team. No, it's not. There's no business being there. The hockey teams draw on well not because they want to freaking standly cut the last time we had a season and now they're going to make the playoff again. They're pretty much in. Even though they sucked win study night there and sunrise. But they got Vinnie like how about the A. I told you if they would have started Sean Birkin goal of Panthers wouldn't have scored a goal. They would have been a shot out in a blowout. But they didn't, man. You know, they started John Graham and they said, here you go. We feel sorry for our cross-state rivals and as you go here. Plus there were a whole lot of people there. Well, 67,000. 10, 41, 19. That's a good pull. We ought to take which soft floor to team lies the most about their attendance. Boy, that's a tough one. Yeah, that's a tough one. Is it the Marlins? Is it the Panthers? The heat? I don't know. I guess they eat throughout pretty well. Right? Yeah, they're hard to tell. They do hard to tell because nobody sits in their seats. They're all busy shoes and around. That's what I hear. That's our waiting for an autograph from. Well, I'm going to tell you that they he hangs it up. That'll be the end of that organization. Today, the Pat Riley gets a haircut and that what's his name? Retires. That'll be the end. No more heat. It'll be more like a lookworm. Hey, drag concepts. There's no lookworm. I'm a man that had a best in the carpet cleaning business. I've been using them in my homes for over 21 long, amazing years. What did John? They always do these. People that will never let you down. They were my house three weeks ago today's night. Three weeks. So yesterday, don't lie. And the usual fabulous job. And, of course, they're going to remind you now that spring is officially arrived. Plining your windows and doing a little dusting here or there. You know, little that surface cleaning. To make you the outside of parents that you're almost clean, but until you're deplen, all the dirt and germs that will leak down in your carpeting, your furniture, drape or even that bedding. It just really isn't clean and it ain't sanitary. Drag concepts is offering spring time specials right now to help you with all your spring cleaning and adjust the phone call away like always. And don't forget drag concepts, specialize in a post-recleaning to leather cleaning, drape or cleaning or it will rub cleaning. Water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, and to get rid of those dust mites, mattress cleaning, and so much more. Just don't have clean your house. This spring, don't do it slow, don't do it fast, and certainly don't do it half-assed. Do this smart thing called drag concepts today. And every home really clean from top to bottom. They always show up on time. They're always professional and always other thing drag concepts first. They give you written guaranteed price up from people. They start to job too. No scams. No after attack ons. Just a fabulous job at a fair price every time. And they'd grab out of the palm, beaches do your spring cleaning with dry concepts by calling that toll-free number. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 and a best on the planet. You can check them on the internet at dryconcepts.com. This is Neo Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-10. Why is my heartNo longer free- rodeo? It's safe. They want me to go away. I'm in my immigration room from the work with this kind of pain. I'm in my immigration room just to feel the water running on this. I'm in my immigration room, thinking about this. My other occupation. I'm in my immigration room. I'm in my immigration room. I guess there is a decision to watch when I'm here. Is that your position? Is that the position? It's illegal alienation, baby. And of course, this is your decapitation station. How about your disintegration station? I like that. You're disintegration station. It's Terabell as watching us disintegrate right before it's very high. In 1947 at 560 WCM, we got the crow coming up right from Gidef at the Abal Park. Baby, get over there or be square. Okay, and as we see some armed truck problems. I'm here at the manny, Ramirez. Going to lock a room in pump pump. Part of the big old red blowers in here. How about you and me, but drove me to the globe? Okay, but severe, resist. Right. Oh yeah, I just fell. I shouldn't have bailed out of there just then. Because I forgot my very favorite crow lying in with that is. What's that? What's that? That's my favorite. So if you like that, stay tuned because it's too close again. I want to have a that cramp. The crow who is a borderline human can't wait. From 2 to 331 back on the air with us now. So we'll have all new bits coming at you soon. No, no question about it. And certain reasons we're pretty divine. Marlon's on deck of 330 to Marlon's in the pod raise. Home opening day, baby. Be there or not. If you don't want to go, he had no interest. Stay home. Give us the money and say, give us the 20 bucks. Maybe we'll send you something or we'll be not. Maybe you're actually this pocketed. Maybe that's what happened all that money. Maybe all these people did buy that merchandise, but we just didn't find out about it. Maybe that's why it's so hard to get an honest total. That's what it was. Listen, I was like, you know what? They're not giving me my race. So let me just pocket all these 20s. And that's gotta be it. We got a number that somebody called it. McGell or anybody give you a number? No. I don't even know that McGill is here. An estimate? Well, it's only like not even noon yet. What's that what he'd do out there? The game is a four o'clock for Christ's. And a crow don't come out there until two. Well, might take them all day to hang out the banners. Oh, yeah, that probably is it. I've got to excuse. They're probably out there doing the cheerleaders or something. Who knows what's going on? Probably have an orgy in the T-Rome. In the locker room. 27.7% least we're under 29% now. Who are lying through their teeth? 27.8. Still don't believe you. Say, oh yeah, we bought it. We got it. We got it. We got the money yet. No. So here's the start of the call. I've been threatening to read for half an hour. I keep forgetting about it because I'm so whipped up about Sarah Bell. Joe Parrish, I've read some of this stuff before he's Seattle based commons before to the Seattle weekly. Good to the commons. Boister clears himself above the law. Has the first American dictatorship already arrived? Absolutely. In 2003, while pledging to far anyone is the administration found with leaky identity of covert CIA operative Valerie Wilson adjourn list, President George W. W. Kennedy didn't know of anybody as a administration who leaked classified information. Well, think your favorite Bush code on this topic. There are countless good ones. Now that we learned that former vice president until chief of staff's school or liby, when forced by special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald the testify under oath to save his own skin, figured both Bush and his former boss, Dick Cheney. Let me testify that they both asked where authorized the leaking of classified national intelligence estimate information on a match in July 2003 in order to defend the administration decision unilaterally invade Iraq. A president who's ordered the launching of widespread investigations to find leakers in the CIA and State Department, including the polygrafing of scores and intelligence professionals, the man who wants the NSA's spy in CIA, Gulag Wilson Blower's Prosecutor, is himself a leaker. And the same testimony revealed that Bush was aware of every step of the way of the ongoing campaign to publicly smear Ambassador Joseph Wilson and his wife, covert CIA operative Valerie Wilson, take your sanctimonious Bush statements about that too. What a freaking hypocrite. And as we've come to expect, a liar, stop the presses were so accustomed to lies to George Bush being uncovered after the fact we don't even notice any longer. And if our Clinton's behavior brought to the disgrace of the Oval Office, beyond those obvious morsels, high-abrized at a disturbing legal rationale for the Bush Cheney leak offered up by a traditional Alberto V. O. Five Gonzalez naturally and already arrived at Sam McCulland's mouth. The White House telling me has not denied any of Libby's testimony, including Wilson conspiracy. The leak was legal and profit that a fence goes because the president's verbal authorities and up to declassify classified information and by authorizing its release, Bush automatically declassified it. The White House is sticking to this story even though much of the cherry-picked any eye Iraq data was formally declassified ten days after leak, so the Bush administration deferred the defendant's choice to invade. According to the White House, the later declassification shows that the any eye data was not that important and the leaked didn't damage national security, but that message is the point. If Bush's word isn't up to declassified classified information, why did the White House feel the need to formally declassify the material ten days later? Wasn't the need already done on Bush's sole verbal authority? Neither claiming that is the case and the Bush and the E.I. leak rationale follows an all-too from a new theme. Bush can't break the law because Bush is the law. He can't leak a document because if he says it's okay to release a document, it's clear for a by an effort definition not a leak. Just like the torture is illegal, or someone George says it's not. A warless domestic wiretapping is illegal, and he authorizes it. Bush and the people around him appear to have genuinely believed for at least a four and a half years since 9.11 that the person by definition is incapable of breaking the law. On his sole authority laws can be ignored overwritten or changed, even implicitly, even retroactively is when some unaffitizing pieces of this puzzle inadvertently come to the public's attention. Combined this with a administration more intent on secrecy and lack of transparency than any other U.S. history, and he have arrested before a dictatorship, which is exactly what it appears Bush and company believe they're operating in. All of course, in normal times in America, is it a democracy, but these aren't normal times are they? Why? Because we're at war. Why are we at war? Because the president says so, how long will the war last several generations? And after that presumably the constitution will be enforced again, and Congress and the courts can reconvene if they like. Dictatorship. The tendency for this leak headline is with so many Bush scandals before it's a slip from the news after a few days, with the gutless Republican controlled Congress rendered irrelevant, and the Republican appointed courts years away from final rulings on any of this nonsense. But to be current theme of a president's administration, which believe they are above the law, Bush on his own say so, and the rest of the acting on his presumed authority, is more than a scandal. It's a direct challenge to the constitution of the U.S. A. You know, the freedom that politicians like Bush and Joe and Voking when talking about the soldiers this heavy to kill and be killed, and one or another illegal pointless war on brown people? It's more evident than ever that this president vice president need to be impeached. Not because it is a risen politically expedient, not even because their successes might be any better, or because it will be an advantage for one or another party in 2008, but because this sort of behavior in the most powerful job in the world must be punished in a clearest possible manner. Justice demands it, setting an example of the threat of a rent similar abuses by future leaders from any party demands it. Otherwise, you might as well cancel that 2008 presidential election, and be done with this force we call on electoral process. Sooner or later, should Bush go unpunished, somebody in power is going to try to do exactly that sort of thing. And when they do, they'll start the presidency. And when they do, they'll start the president set by a George W. Bush and permitted by the Congress, courts and the American public of his day. And our country is long, mostly successful experiment, and representative democracy will be over. Perhaps it already is. Pretty good article there, and pretty summer. I think we need to impeach Clarabel. I'm going to take up a petition drive. I'm coming on down and take up a petition drive. Well, to be really the autographed of CDs too. And I'll let's ride. I'll put my autograph on the petitions, and I'll put my autograph on your CD. That is the most physical thing, you know? I mean, how many CDs and the t-shirts that ever signed in the past, you know, a few over here, a few over there, you know? Every time we did this, maybe maybe a hundred, maybe two hundred. And like you said, Neil's not here to sign that's already got 18 votes. See, we're right. Lay me for it. 27.6. See, finally, you're squittling to make this field better. Okay, it doesn't make this field better. It makes this field like garbage. Like some human's swill, like slime. Like, like leaches. You know, leaches that they used to use to cure disease, which they still do by the way, and some subhuman parts of the world. Yeah, like nasty blood sucking leaches, which pretty much, you know, reflects a certain part of the audience. See, they take, they don't want to give. They take, like what's his name said? The joys, I don't remember that. The joys, I don't remember that. And Godfather, three. You don't want to give? I will take. Remember that in the Atlantic City? No, I didn't see the circle. Don't. Now, you mean he sent to you? No, I really should. Don't know. I'd like to see the problem with you is you listen to other people too much. That's why I said for yourself. Use your own mind, just because you were brainwashing as a child as a can't believe. You should have learned. You can't. No, listen, you had enough of a common sense to get away from that crap. I never bought that bull crap. Well, okay fine, that's good, but most people, most young people, look as if they're brainwashing into it. Plus you will never alter this avoid. No, it's not. Well, you must have been pretty ugly when you were a kid. Or else they just didn't notice you. 896 votes on there. We're going to have that 1000 by the, before one o'clock. I can smell it. Can you smell it? That's probably curable. Probably curable. Tell them more tales, long tales. But it would hurt. But hey, you liked me yet. Yeah, I liked me so far. Man, let me ask you something. So I'm here on this question. Okay. Don't give me a gratuitous answer, just because you want to hear it. Who is the first person who was on the his routine? Who told you? You? Yeah. And I tried to tell George and you're, but I mean, just because we had a George like poison, and because Joe Bell pretends to like George, you know. So therefore, you know, and George is one of those people anybody who likes him. Oh, he's great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't turn my back, George. It's all, you know, I hope you're not listening at home. I hope you're, I mean, he's probably on the way to North Carolina, the shirt that damn he got. This is a new Roger. This is by 16, two, six, watch. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8M. I'm sick of the same old cleaning product. I want one that's different. Hello. Mr. Clean. Sorry, sir. The airing, then the other air, I'm Mr. Clean. Oh. Sister Clean will sashay through the toughest run if the law for a ticking your taste, and decorating. Can you get it to me? No, saw seen off my linoa. I can't get rid of any stain. What I can't get rid of is God. Can you remove fingerprints on wallpaper? You might need those fingerprints. You know, to find the criminal and pick that the pattern out. Mr. Clean. His wrist or we, his sense of style is strong. Well, what can I do about my dandy countertop? Let me see. Build a time machine and go back to when they were in fashion. Mr. Clean. Keep some in your cleaning box. Please, honey. I haven't been in there for a year. It's kind of grounds me of clearance. Hey. Kimman is morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to be in the morning. I'm going to take some of those pictures. Yeah. Yes. That's his peers. Wow. He just came at night for an unexpected vote. I think they just took a lot of hotel stunner and brigalamanop. 12 ought to look at that closest vote at Italy's modern history and see what Blaskolina is going to deal with. Still trying to fix it up man. There's a lot of you going to be. About a lot of people that go much the bus and some of that a lot. Now they go back home to bathe and live one from on the day that Duke of Stock from voting in 2002 had regular contact with the White House and Republican Party as the plan was unfolding, full records and producing criminal courtsure. But the thing with Bush is, it's not a question of whether to win pizza's a question of what to impeach about, because there are so many different things, so many different criminal acts that they've committed, it's hard to figure out which one. The record show that Bush campaign operative James Tobin, who recently was convicted in the case, made two dozen calls to the White House within the three-day period of election day 2002, as the phone jamming operation was finalized, carried out and then abruptly shut down. They were jamming it up there. The National Republican Party, which made millions and legal bills to defend Tobin, says the contacts involved routine election business, and that it was preposterous to exist to phone calls and file phone jamming jam on it. The Justice Department of Secure of three convictions in the case, but as they accused anyone else, the Republican National officials were wrongdoing yet. They were made the allegations suggesting party officials outside New Hampshire were involved yet. The phone calls of record, their phone records across to the White House were exhibits in Tobin's trial, but prosecutors didn't make them part of their case. Democrats placed the plan to ask a federal judge so that it ordered GOP and White House officials to answer questions about the phone jamming and a civil lawsuit alleging voter fraud. Repeated hang-up calls that Jan Telephone lines had a Democratic get-up to vote center record in the Senate race in which Republicans John Sinun who defeated Democrat G&E-C, and Shane, he, 51-46% on election day 2002. Besides the conviction of Tobin and Republicans in the New Hampshire, the Republican Party official, another would be on a hotel marketing firm involved in the scheme. The owner of the subcontracting firm was employees made hang-up calls as under reditement. The phone records show that most calls to the White House were from Tobin who became Bush's presidential campaign chairman for the New England region in 2004. The other calls from New Hampshire, Senator O'Campaign, office is the White House could have been made by a number of people. So, you know, it's just how do we fix this selection? You know, it's a valuable people going to do it. Are we going to like jam up the phone lines of the Democrats? How are we going to do it? I'm a Bustalov! Right, that's exactly correct. Earlier is the old Florida way, man. We'll just have what's your name, Stephany, and certified the phone elections? Good old cancer and Harris. And of course, when you've rather than governor and cause you three-clack at a moron says, oh, it's close, but don't worry, you've got it. You've got to order it. It's all taken care of. I bring a pardon? I remember when in Fahrenheit 9-11, I don't know. Don't you worry about Florida? Yeah, I'm right. I'll take care of it. You got it. He took care of it all, right? And then, of course, there was a judge with his eyeball, top and bottom of his stock of a condos hanging chads. And his friend on the Supreme's when they started counting votes again, and Garcin Gorbors got right right to pull ahead. Oh, stop the vote. Stop the count. Like Professor Ron Helsing said, stop the count. Drack will amount. Stop it right now. And they did. They said, oh, yes, what? By the big, you're president. And boy, look at what's happening now, man. Oh, my God. Five and a half years later, and like all these dead people in all these murder and bloodshed and insanity going on. 915 votes are in the pool. Neals not here to sign it. It's got 21 already. See, my fault. I apologize profusely. Not. It's my bad. Here's your guy on line nine. QAM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. About to be sick, oh, maybe you're so new, red, a whole huge long article that I asked you in Congress. No, it was all about some general or somebody who talked about war and money and did the business of war, and it was a great article I wanted to make some degree. Oh, about Eisenhower. Could be. I was quoting him. Who knows? It wasn't by Eisenhower. It was quoting what Eisenhower said about the military and industrial complex. Yes. Is that on a website? Yeah, it'll be on the archive. Just go through the news story. You'll find it. You're recognized by the headline. Archives. Kind of. You're a judge. Come. Yeah, I'm on there now. Yeah. Well, just keep looking. Okay, it's only for our show. He's on there now. He's looking. He's looking. He's looking. He wants me. Yeah, he doesn't realize he's talking to me. He wants me to tell him what the title of the story was and who wrote it and what they he wrote it and what he was wearing that day was he wearing socks. Was he wearing sandals? Was he wearing Birkenstacks with socks? I mean, come on, man. I want everybody to read that. I know the stories talking about. It was a great story. Just a few days ago. Just like this one. I just got through reading here a few minutes ago about the dictatorship. I've been telling you that, man. If these people had their way, they'd call off the 2008 presidential election. We're not leaving. We're staying. And Congress would say, well, we'll have a committee. We'll have some hearings to see what we think about it. What a public would say. Oh, yeah. Well, what's that cut to do with American Idol? Right? Yeah. And what's that cut to do with the national football league, man? Give me the ball. Give me the ball. That's what a public would say because America may in her mind have turned a gel. I think too many years' listen to the Stinking Bill Cosby. That's the problem. It reminds of turned a gelo. WQAM. Hello. QAM disintegration radio. Your disintegration station. Hello. Yes, sir. I was going to make sure that you're in the reason why I didn't buy the city or the chair. So I said you might discover cars. You couldn't want? You'd buy the cover car. Why not? You don't want this match of car or Visa? I don't want that a bar. Don't we take American distress? Did we mistake the summer? Well, who now wants that? That's a crappy credit card anyway. Go get a real credit card. Probably got turned down for Visa this guy. We don't do business with deadbies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 3, 6, 6, sometimes you might like that, but you need it for basics," performance of it as a class. It has a flexible gun, and kung-gong 25s, very aggressive. and a piece of Sherman. Don't give the charity 17 and it sucks, the CD sucks 12. And that's because of the two. These people kill me. Well, you know, who would have had this on there? I think I would have had an Eisner stuff. Although he did, don't knock that guy. He bought some other one. I swear. I mean, you can't put everything on there. But you know, because I think it was even the last one that we did was all of the Eisner bits. Really? Yeah, so why don't you put them on there again? So you can buy the same thing over again? We're trying to give you like a little variety. Not too much. I still think that's a part of it. A lot of these bits are on previous disc. And, you know, we've already, we've maxed that out. Don't you understand? I try to tell these people that we've maxed it out. We've squeezed as much blood out of the rock as we can. Don't you get that rock? Yeah, that's it. They don't get it. They will listen to me. And you see, I have no control over anything that's going on anymore. That's the most frustrating part. It's supposed to be my show. And if I don't want to do something, oh, no, we got to do this. How many times did I say? I don't want to do that. 30,000. I think. And finally, they all, well, we'll take care of you. We have to do anything. Okay. Now, we don't have to do anything to some waste half the show. We're making a begging on here. Won't you please the vanishing there waiting for you until we finally stop that? Doug Thompson, capital hillblude.com, great website. Even little Georgie is converted to this one. He says, you know, cross George Bush. Doug says in 1999, while I worked on a background piece on Harris County Texas George Robert Eckles, some Houston politicians invited me to a fundraising reception for then George W. Bush. Bush already mentioned as a firm runner for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000, easily won a second term as governor of the year before by building a very unrepublican-like coalition of Hispanics and moderates. Bush said to bottle of corona as he walked among the world of new Texans at the outdoor event, slapping some on the back. He approached and stuck out his hand. I'm George Bush, he said. In a handshake quick and limp like any warm person's serity, the plastic smile looked funny he moved on. Later in the evening I walked behind a group where Bush spoke with some of his cronies. They were talking about possible opponents for the GOP nomination. One member of the group suggested some opponents might use Bush's less than sterling past against him. Let him try, Bush said, with a swagger, I'll often destroy them. I recanted the stir of my host as he drove me back to my hotel. That's our governor. He said, let the smile food you. He can turn on you in a second. You don't cross George Bush. The corpses from George W. Bush's political wars litre the landscape. Arizona Senator John McCain threatened Bush's chances for the nomination in 2000 and became cannon fodder in a carl row orchestrated smear campaign. Democrat John Kerry's campaign disintegrated when he failed to respond to the swift vote veterans campaign of lies in the Uendo funded by Bush's cronies and Texas. On Monday, Bush admitted to the classifying parts of the National Intelligence Estimate and IE, just to discredit Ambassador Joseph Wilson's assessment that Iraq was not in fact trying to obtain weapons-grade uranium from New Year, a key part of the administration's manufacturing rationale for invading Iraq. I wanted people to see the truth and thought it made sense for people to see the truth Bush said to bring an appearance at Johns Hopkins University. You're not supposed to talk about classified information, so I declassified the document. He said, I thought it was important for people to get a better sense for why I was saying what I was saying in my speeches and I felt like I'd do so without jeopardizing ongoing intelligence matters as what I did. Like so much of what Bush says, it isn't true. Well, Bush calls the truth was in fact a lie. Ambassador Wilson was right and the wrong information in the National Intelligence System was wrong. Detailed analysis from the Central Intelligence Agency had already called the claim that Iraq itself weapons-grade uranium from New Year nonsense and urged the White House to stop using the false information. But Bush was never let fast stand in the way of his political agenda, continued to use the discredited information and told the attorney to launch a disinformation campaign in the square of Wilson. That campaign, ultimately led to the outing of Wilson's wife as a covert CIA operator. After we liberated Iraq, there was question in people's minds about the bases on which I made statements, in other words, going into Iraq Bush said Monday and so I decided to declassify the NIE for a reason. I thought it was important for people to get a better sense for why I was saying what I was saying in my speeches. Once again, the president of the West Laches into the Nile. Americans no longer have questions about why Bush said what he said or what he did. They know the president of the US is a liar. He proved that just about every time he opens his mouth. And his latest poll wades, by the way, are like, about as successful as that fundraiser we're doing. In fact, what do we have 26.9%, he's going to be there very soon. He's on his way to that number. The new CBS poll, what? That said that would be great. More than a third of voters in the new CBS poll say they think that they're going to be there. Their vote is against, in this fall of elections, they'll think of their vote as a vote against Bush. More than a third. Well, just 14% will think of it as a vote for him. 45% said the view of the president will not be a factor in how they vote. Those numbers contrast sharply with the run up to the 2002 midterm elections in which Republicans wanted to react against. Four years ago, a 31% said their vote would be made in support of the president versus just 19% said, it was a statement against them. The poll will remember, if you, if Bush back to candidate, would you be more likely to vote for him, a 10%, less likely to vote for him, 31%. Which party would you prefer in the elections this fall? Democrat 44%, Republican 34 don't know, 21%. But you're all a bunch of crooks. How about you, mama? How about Clarabelle? Let's still write in campaign for Clarabelle. At least you get him out of that building anyway. And even the Titanic never turned into disaster like that. He's turned into white god. Talk about high hopes. Remember that song is way before your time, Frank Sinatra? High hopes, I've heard it. Yeah. Well, we had high hopes to do, man. And I think we must have all been high. Even that high. 28, not that bad. Just that high. 28 past noon at QAIM is we work up to the big opening day of Crow Show, man, and two o'clock from Gate F at the ballpark there. The lightning quick speeds, the latest feature in the security, Comcast High Speed Interet, leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Interet is up to four times faster than DSL 105 and up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with a greatest of ease. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Interet, you'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rapid City Radio Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you get macrophied security tools included so you can rest assured you're in an experience while we're as safe and secure. So let you wait and for or start doing more live faster than every before. Send up for Comcast High Speed Interet today for just 9.95 a month or two months. You wonder how you've remained so you'd along without it. And Dave Call 3.05 Comcast or in Broward 9.54 Comcast. Take off those check-up pants. Maybe I can believe it I just think that. And I don't want to but film I'm afraid that I'll see girl. We're pretty soon obviously. Yeah, I didn't look where I was doing. I was fast. That's when I got crazy. I was mad. I just don't want to call in an ambulance. I got the brakes in beans. brakes in beans. I got it caught in my system. I'm down. I'm alone. I'm down. My man is dying. I got it caught in my system. I'm safe and secure. I'm safe and secure. It's the buttons. Always subduber. We're in love. We got it caught in my system. This is helping. We sell. We're somebody. It's mangled and blood. We got it caught in my system. I can't stop. This is the looping. This game. I think that the guy has something. I'm about there. We got it caught in my system. I'm down. I'm alone. I'm proud. I'm about 2327-2560-WQM-AAM. You're a disintegration station for the new millennium. Jury and Vyox are I just got all excited during the break. I saw him in the email. I opened up. I thought for sure was your girlfriend Norma. And it turned out to be some crap from Tom Payne.com. I don't want to know Tom. I don't want to know Tom. I don't want to know news story. I want some information. You know? I don't know what that was going on. And when Jury finally that Merc had missed the FDA about the safety of his pink killer Vyox and awarded $9 million in punitive damages to John McGurvey. $9 million. The only problem is he's 77. I guess I'll go out with a bang huh? 77 year old man went a heart attack in 2000 after taking Vyox for four years. Yeah, I had a pill doctor was prescribed me Vyox a couple and at first came on. He prescribed anything that they would put in his pill closet. It wasn't prescribed news. He just gave me samples. And I read the package in certain I should get candid. If you take all the pills that your doctor gives you, I'll give you people out there. Your auntie will be dead before you are in the show tomorrow. Your auntie. But a butcher's man, grave robbers, for a free trip to help peddly anything. That's why every time you turn on the evening news now, a whole half hour of prescription drugs and over the counter drug drugs and drugs and a screaming about a little bit of wacky weed huh? America hooked on drugs. By a 71 vote, Jury is in the Atlantic City Superior Court found that Merc had noingly with health information from the FDA. And that the company's misconduct was modern and willful or is that one time. But basically, I want some Chinese for lunch. I'm having a couple of nuled right now. Soup I'm talking about. Yeah. The verdict was read in courtroom 38 before Jard Carole Higgins who was overseeing the 4500 other lawsuits against Merc Corp Vyx ruled. The 9 million dollar award comes six days after the same jury awarded Mr. McDarby and his wife Irma 4.5 million dollars in compensation and damages for his heart attack. So let's see, he's got the 9 is got 13.5 million. Mr. McDarby broke his hip and a fall as a result of the heart attack and finally a wheelchair and he's got 13 admin inbox. Isn't that the way I'll go? Jesus. Now, I don't know if we were talking about the story about that cocktail waitress in Vegas. I don't think we're talking about that. I don't think so. She won the, what the hell did they call that? The megabucks dollar slots, megabucks. Right. And those are all connected like they have it here. And generally it gets up to like two and a half million somebody wouldn't, all the Ontario all the provincial casinos are hooked together. And it's the same thing in Vegas only. Of course, all the casinos are linked together. So it goes up to gigantic amounts. I think she won. She put in a couple of bucks cocktail waitress. It's a forger which casinos she worked at. And she was off to the she put a couple of bucks in. She won 33 million dollars. Oh my god. Well listen to me. The next day, not a week later, not a month later. The next day. She's driving to wherever she was going. And some lunatic runs a light and sides went and just smashes it to the car on the driver side. And she's in a wheelchair. She's like 27 years older, somebody when this happened. You know what that means, right? Give her went a lot of money. Don't drive. Yeah, that's right. If you went a lot of money, go out and buy a limo for your driver. Although he'll probably get run into anyway. Just stay home for a while and enjoy it. Call up from escort services and you know, have to have the delivery. We'll have him out to you. That's right. And that incredible horrendous story. She's got millions and she's going to enjoy it. Absolutely not. Speaking of enjoying it, gasoline could have $3. You know, I'm making it what it was more expensive. Gasoline or gasoline. How about meltdowns of gasoline, shove it in that Euro cranky and your thing. And you're tank. Yeah, shove it in your thing. Summer driving will be expensive with gasoline costs like with a stay high after jumping into a 20 cents over the past two weeks. 20 cents. And we're asking for 20 bucks for some stupid assini or t-shirt. And ask, how come you put it? You said, I got it. That's all. Let's see how many people admit they've got any money. Don't have no cash, 42. See, and that's going up. Climbing, climbing, climbing. They got it. Seeing we're dotted 269 percent of these liars. Oh, yeah, I did. Yeah, I sure did. For a crap. The cost of gasoline averages two 60-day nationwide for a gallon or regular. Some aimless same motors may pay three bucks a gallon this summer. If they're unusual disruptions in supply. Oh, there will be. Don't come up with some cock-a-many story. The energy department is releasing its summer outlook for a motor fuel prices. And a new conference today, it's going to be bad news boys and girls. Prices at the pump have been climbing since February when the cost of regular grade gasoline average two and a quarter of a gallon. The average price of 268 last week is 40 cents a gallon higher than a year ago at this time. 40 cents. And pretty soon it's going to be 50 cents. And thank you again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices for going in there to do our rack and how can I fill long? Yeah, so we can get that low real cheap gas. Yeah, I don't want to say that before he was in the office. My little car took cost me 19 bucks to fill up. Yeah, it's about 36 now. Yeah, about 36. About 36 almost double. Thank you so much, Mr. Bush. You're a great robber. You sell 11 piece of crap liar. And pieces asked now and then put the, and you know something else to do with two for one deal. Let's put Clarabel on it with them two at the same time. And peach bush and Clarabel. If you're wondering, if you two didn't late, you wanted who Clarabel is. We're not talking about Clarabel account from how to do the show. We're talking about Clarabel who used to be Joe Bell, our general man. Clarabel. Clown. So what do you think? Do you like me now or what? I think I, what do you think? I'm going to go to that point now. We'd like you guys to do a hell of a job. I'll take care of a judge. I'll take care of a judge. I'll take care of you. What do you think? Man, he is, I would put it this way. He's the most bitter disappointment of my life. That's pretty strong right there. Yeah. I would say, well, especially if you guys get in the big go-up. You know, I mean, I'm here you're there. Give this big go-up. All man, this guy is great. He is really, he's a radio guy. He came in here, want to see how the equipment worked. He came in here. He was asking all kinds of questions like he had some idea what it's all about. Yeah. Right. I'll take it right now. Even you've got more authority than that company than he's got. That's right. Even a little macyd pisher like you guy. He's got more authority than he's got. He, I'm telling you, man, he can't even buy to paper clips. That's how much a cloud he's got. Mr. Cloud. And he audiences wonder what she was. Well, let's see how I'm going to shut this thing on. This is real Roger. So, in this is five, six, six, six, six. I absolutely want to be here tonight on trading spouses. Big love edition. This must be her. Kids, I need you, Molly. Hi. I'm your new wife. Far. I'm your other new wife. Nice to meet you. Hi, Mickey. And I'm your other new wife, Far. Hi, Mickey. Hey, Margie. Should I move all your bags into my room? Please. Daddy, we don't want three mommy's. Hold on, now. Let's give this a chance. It's trading spouses big love edition. We're going to cook for you, clean for you, and make you feel like a man. Oh, that's big of you. No dad, that's big of me. When it comes to multiple wives, you'll get more men with trading spouses big love edition. This, I, I'm sitting here reading a email from Norma Kent. Okay. A lesser man than yours truly would get up and walk out right now. That, that's how aggravating this is. Is that right? What you heard I aggravated the hump or was this morning? Yeah. How agitated. Now, I'm going to read, I'm just going to read you one sentence. This is supposed to be about George and we knew he was contract and taking to a George, which I'm going to be sure by a terrible lady was going to do. But let me find this one very brief thing. Okay. Okay. And we, in response to his, uh, enormous, we, we request to get George's deal read done. Tara Bell said in the next sentence and expressed surprise that they would like to talk about an extension with you, but they can't do that for George. But is that they can't give him a corresponding agreement and increment for the fourth year of his term if the contract was silent on the same or whatever that is. But if they still tried to dig up his previous contract or change it, I don't know what that's all about. They would like to talk about an extension with you. I mean, I mean, I mean, you, George, unfortunately, but meaning I mean, a contract extension. Okay. If you don't want to play from now until two o'clock. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. verification. Okay. Okay. pulling. Blocking. 4 base. corruptionella.已經. tumble. Now border. Trustee. Don't do that. Excellent. Good day. aquele. No. Don't do that. And, that means I do... I can't afford a concession. or when else the cockatoo died pretty much. But because remember the criminal trial I remember that he got off on as he had kind of like the Hoj. Well not a spade but yeah no not nearly as big no of course not because we know Chris about Robert Blake he's old news you know. Yeah as opposed to Hoj who like was a big piece of crap and murdered two people as opposed to just one. Judges rejected Robert plays requests for a new civil trial after the run fold at the season over the shooting of his wife. Blake was scared of murder by criminal court but just like Hoj was found responsible for the death in a civil case brought by his wife family. I don't even remember that. Do you say that again? He was found responsible for the death in a civil case brought by the wife family just like Hoj was got off on a criminal trial but the civil trial. I don't remember that. Yeah I remember that. I don't. Maybe it's my Alzheimer's kicking in or maybe it's just my amusement that E-mail from Norma. It would like to extend. Extend this. Okay Clara, I'll extend this. It's my foot and it's aimed right at your recto. He liked that. You crazy people you. Just keep playing games with people and you want to know what the problem is there. Well there's a lot but go ahead. No I'm not. This is the bottom line everything. They think that because they got some money although you never know it when they don't people on payday but they think because they got some money somewhere laying around that they can get whatever it only one you know in other words people would money they always feel they're whether it's Donald Trump or Steinbrider they can get their way no matter what it is. Oh well what give you like a big signing bonus tell you what ever we want. Yeah you mama. Anyway it's just especially on this day to get an email like that. A jury awarded by a legally bakedly family $30 million. That's $30 million. Damage is although Blake is already filed for bankruptcy. They're going to get just as much as the Brown family and the Goldman family did from OJ. Squat that's what they're going to get that's what they can do. His lawyers content that was misconduct from the jury's actions. Among the claims was that one juror failed to disclose that her daughter was imprisoned for murder while another consulted a Bible during deliberations. Oh the Bible says don't watch Baretta. Is that what the Bible said? Yeah. Another hard time this one statement they was pressured into voting against Blake who started the 70s series Baretta. Blake's lawyers also believed the trial should be to create void because the actor had already found for bankruptcy before the verdict was given. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's okay at least they can say hey guess what Robert Blake owes in fact let me go up to a restaurant instead of paying the taxes can write on it. Robert Blake owes a 30 million you know forward this to him. We're sending it to the cockatoo. Did we get our 1,000 votes yet? Not even on a clock yet. We got 994. I totally we get 1,000 before one tonight. Yeah you did. You have a little phrase you said now way 996. I still can't get over that I think we ought to like play that tape between me and Hank this morning just played over and over again. He was really he was down in the dumpper the Humper. Not a happy camper. Just I'm just saying I'm going to use stats on here to see if everybody bought our CV yet. Are they put the A's there somebody there get a stat number or not? And of course tomorrow we got another ball game of 1230 so I'm sure Miguel will be that'll be the excuse of the rest of the week won't it? Probably Friday. Although maybe Miguel will be full in for Hank Friday because they got nobody else David Sanson bailed out he's not doing it he's sent to this squeaky. We're actually Miguel because they got nobody else David Sanson bailed out he's not doing it he's sent to this squeaky. We're actually Miguel's Miguel's supposed to be here tomorrow and Thursday so oh that's right he's going to be working with us then he's uh Philanthro George he'll have a no way out he can't hide from him. By the way Norma if you're listening which I hope not but if you are in a George had to go up the North Carolina to shut the heat off up there because his mama Sita went up there and left it on him when she left his mama Sita when he hates like poison his critchie hostile fully at who the at the mama Sita. So that's probably why Hank it'll hold him. For your sense of uniformity of follows our commissioning they like to stay alive that's the probably the bottom line. They don't want to get sent off to our rack to be used as a human sacrifice for George Bush and all his arm and getting lunatics. How much have we got a thousand votes? We got a thousand too. Look at that man. This is this is just like slide off the edge of a esoteric log no problem. T-sake sounds pretty good peen. Do you get a lunch in there today or not? Are you not eating with George not there? No I uh oh yesterday I got how he's today though I just I've been eating around the at the building I had you know three days around the building yeah Well they have made over here so I threw down three bagels and I had a couple of noodles because when mufflers in the this morning he said he planned that eating around the building too and I thought to myself you're fairie probably you guys had different things in mind yeah of course you're saying are you eating bagels and it's a pace off coming now what what is pace off of it like sundown tonight or tomorrow? Here I'm asking you was that embarrassing yeah with all the money. I like I care I'm going to The panthers if the air can't have this air tonight baby seven thirty game time I'm going to be outside the air can to send a waiting for guilty who didn't even invite me to lunch today What a what a schmuck you know tomorrow it begins No, but is but usually when you say tomorrow you mean tomorrow sundown or tonight at the sundown sundown tomorrow sundown No that's what I thought That's why the the marlins are playing that day game tomorrow at one o five because it's not just because the kids are Out of school they wouldn't have known they wouldn't have who wouldn't know that The skids will make this all boys pace off we don't want to piss off those using drower that won't come down what right no it's true it's true man I mean you look around that state they got about ten Julios who like to talk of a game about supporting baseball which they don't and then you got the you know about sixteen crackers and then you got the you know four five Dark guys who can afford to get some tickets somewhere and then you got the old Jews there like the panther game And sunrise They have a they have a limit on glam in there and even with their attendance problems. They that's because they won't like too many glam in there What expect when the original name is Alan Cohen? The N.A. testing failed to connect any members of the Duke University across him Did you see the you probably didn't see it because you don't watch CNN and rightfully so but the brother of this Stripper See she's a student on campus She's not just like some somebody they look oh that I do Yeah, brother her brother they were having like a on campus Power while about this situation right and her brother who would their black and of course there were a whole bunch of black students And behind them at the moment, which I don't think was coincidentally on him And he was making an impassioned play that they don't talk about the fact that she's a woman that she's a mother As she's supporting her family all they do the media refer to her as a stripper and the dehumanizer and make her into Can some kind of a a slime wall Is how this you What the media? Yeah, that's what they do of course The media is just as sexy as anybody else because most of the people in media are man just like the men who wrote the Bible Women are like you know just stay in your place in the stand a kitchen barefoot and pregnant that's it When you go to the dentist open wide and when it's that time well, you know Siting DNA test results delivered by the state crime lab to police and prosecute as few hours earlier The attorney said the test results prove their clients did not sexually assault the only problem that is that very often there is not the DNA Really no DNA material from any young man was present on the body this complaining woman said defense attorney weighed Smith The alleged victim of 27 year old student at nearby O'Shees out of that school. She's in nearby North Carolina Central Not a Duke To police she another woman who are hired to dance at the party the woman told police the three men at the party dragged her into a bathroom Toker raped it at her and satimize her Authority's ordered 46 to the 47 players on duxel across team to submit the DNA samples from investigators because the woman said Where attackers were white the team so a black player wasn't tested District attorney Mike Nephon stopped speaking with reporters last week after initially talking openly about the case including stating publicly that he was a confident that a crime occurred He went on to say he would have other evidence to make his case should the DNA Inhalization prove inconclusive or failed a match member of the team Smith said naifong now has the evidence needed to change his mind He doesn't have to do it Smith said a following charges. He's a man with discretion. He doesn't have to do it. We hope that he won't Also, on attorney for one of the players said Sunday that time stamp photographs will show an exotic dancer was already injured We had that yesterday and very impaired when she arrived at the party Durama attorney Bill Thomas said some of the photos taken when she arrived at the house indicated the woman was injured before getting to the party They sure extensive bruises and scrapes on her legs especially around the knees Sounds a little like screw in Got you all right little Well, listen, it's nothing like a good chuckle on the day like today She leave it to me on a day when everybody in the building is suicide Pervall is running around and dangering all of our lives and careers in our happiness man That happiness killer and you know something remember John Wayne Gacy yes never trust a clown I went up and bucket take this life and all the women with they live surrounded the poll I listen to the new Rogers one the two Any other edges iron now answer one or two hours more Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography pro fast story He was in Genesis Anyone off on his own He might say it was the Genesis of the genius of a member of Genesis He was Michael mechanics So White has this big hit in 1985 and he comes to me and says we need another one right away I got his no idea into the shop. I put it on the lift and it's a mess We vocalist and mechanic bow kerons It was no real hook the middle lake was blown out the chorus was shot. I had the order of the fire Spank them. They say look let me keep it a while like a year finally the mechanics returned the song It ten times the original written estimate that what are you gonna do these mechanics have you over a barrel Luckily it was a hit the NASA pressure zone 1986 Mike once I think that yes I said sorry not gonna have first of all your war is It's plus you have replaced these notes that you've got this thing any free Finally in 1989 Mike went to pick up the song It went to number one, but my says I'm over target He leaves eight so far in the court you will those stuff stand as fast as but he never had another hit So up is like in the mechanics Come on Mike what are you thinking you got a good mechanic you don't read It's a big juicy something look at show business tonight Uninside them all right Well, I just read the rest of the effects you being get around and discuss a year deal by the way Josh Sure of that Crestful on our surprise I'm not surprised by any of it because at least this guy at least terrible may not be good but at least he's consistent But it would but it would but I might I shouldn't take care of that. It's my fault And I'm gonna get right on that. I'm about by a ride 1,000 and 20 votes on the pool. We are kicking some serious smelly pimple in order that the stripper's brother Stated earlier eight a percent of those that are sexually assaulted there is no He was has a year by linking from there and the audio is amazing as lips Wapers shoes in condoms clean up my feet a little bit in time here is anyway Oh, is it yeah, I'm a little ahead 40 hours a last I got plenty of time if I don't stop. Well, let me see how how do you see me as that coming Or on the NHL network has that coming I bet you don't have that That's some frog oh, so you're in one show You have a French hockey player in Montreal now Jeff you just picked this too because how important was that? Well, how did you guys relate to the French the French Cady and huh? I'm so I'm coming I dare like a Denny civil On his Kirk Muller good Kingston boy, okay just here in a hundred years old He really played well for the panthers not Anyway, 2020 votes. I'm not gonna read the result because I'm just you know although it is down to 26.1 percent of liars See if it was an honest answer that this will be between the two and the six two point six and I I mean I didn't be hard Presently bad Although when this possible that turbo has managed to bring this thing down to the level where we don't have any audience That's possible Let's let's say let's find out if we get any calls here, okay. Let's see when the delay catches up because I've been Rambling we know these stories that you're urging I got to do it today because of Miguel Lardamara now You know what's chroma gal? I'll do whatever it how I want to do. I don't know I don't do this show for him He's not the director of this program You know because well because he is interested because I don't read a lot of stories about Cuba 5605060 in addition to which he's not getting this is that number anyway so to help them you know Not cooperating lazy Shiftless He's got that feeling of entitlement like you know they they all him something and Pound five 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line we want to get a minion calls as you're on your way to the Marlin game normal can't go to the Marlin game Now Now what's the weather like it's not gonna rain today, right? It's gonna be hot. No, it should be fine But I'm what what's the temperature like? What what does that what you know in ad plays you wouldn't know? Well, yeah, let me look at the window here Let me just take a look at two can see if the temperature is as tosy is is gonna be in a hot springs Arkansas for the hundredest weekend I tried to cheer him up a little bit. I think I did a little a little service. They're not a big one I'm gonna change his life at least no tornado. Oh, let's see my me Florida temperatures 81 Humidity fit 50 percent Okay, well, let's see Let me just click on it because his Miami Missouri and even though there was a Miami Missouri, do you know that and there's a Miami Ohio Let's see for today 80 oh a chance to rain 20% chance. Well, that's not much tomorrow Partly county 81 no rain tomorrow. Thanks God and 81 in part and mostly sunny on Thursday Friday 20% chance of rain again. Do we care about that? What times again on Friday not not a big game Yeah, so night game it's some we don't care about that they can rain out all all you know But once the in Thursday mostly sunny 81 beautiful So it's surprised me would norm on the way to the game. It'd be a lot of young guys with their shirts off at the ball game 56705 60 well that's what I would be interested in pound five six down the WQAM hello Hi This one let you know with your CD was great for three of them you bought the three of them? Yes, holy cow that means almost nobody bought it Then I mean in other words if you have people are buying two and three do you see what I'm saying? Well, I bought one so it was great. Well two more to give us gifts Great I was hoping if if maybe ever possible some of the older ones would be available I'd buy them too I don't care if the summer is there I'm so sure what we ought to do I think what we ought to do is we'll find out from a yellow tea ever shows up again What we have in inventory and then we can put it on our website That's what I'm saying because I bought the first one when it first went on your website right I think that's a good idea We made it squeeze some line out of the thing by doing that because I'm sure we got some oldies laying around I'd love to have somebody old ones. Okay, well, let's do it before the station goes out of business. Thanks a lot Sweetheart. Thank you How do you like that? What a nice lady, huh? Yeah, see ladies come through for us to guys We don't want we don't lie. I like that. You know, I get it. I will say to my knowledge I think we only have one of the Like a group of one of the old CDs Line around we have a group group Yeah group group and otherwise we got a bunch from one year is which you try To say pretty much and it's the newer one. It's the last one we did. I think it was a 1002. Yeah, right? That's the last one we did was a 1002 Pretty sure we've laid out of this for all that time. Boy, oh boy. I've got it my smart No, it's just you know It just reaches the point. I we should have been able to do one every year But then again this radio station is so un inclined to do anything We don't want to lift a finger. I'd like to lift a finger to Clara Bell. Okay. Guess which one I'm listening clear about on both hands and my my big toe too That's what I'm listening for you extend this that's my response to your silly crap about you Why we're standing my ideal tell him about 80 they keep they keep trying to ride my ass you know I'm saying I'm the cash cow keep riding my fat ol ass just keep in the live I got it was for you not gonna keep me alive with all this stress and angso To do that all this ballooning you want to take care of your or do you want to take care of your You don't you can't take care of anything mister Because the bees please wouldn't let you like I said even order the paper clips. Okay. I could go to I could go to the damn Off into the drugstore In fact, I bet you well, I don't bet you I know for a fact You know like every time we run on a fast paper to that machine yeah You have to go begging around a building. I've got a whole case of nice to hammer real fast paper sitting right in my orifice there I got staples like I paper clips. I got I got my office supplies baby. I got magic markers How do you like that If I'm down there I got to like to run around over out of fast paper can we have some please? Like that and the best part of it is I don't even I don't even bill those bastards for this stuff A poor guy scraping along like me that's plunging my guess it would buy in two three times a week and here I'm paying it out of my own pocket. How do you like that? And just because I'm so ticked off. I think it's time to send you rest another check just because this out of being pissed off They piss me off into it They teach you how how they teach you like crap anybody associated with his show you George We were talking about that a few days ago and he's right Anybody in the building who even likes this show like Tommy man I'm surprised they have a nail them to a cross out there across the street because he likes the show But please not raspberry. Yes, oh, it's a miracle. That's played by Boy, oh boy if currents ever knew about that raspberry good on here Currence was on and what another one is a little ball game Expeditions at that time, you know, but anyway, she had a good idea and whatever we got will put it on there And if it is that old, you know Then people will think if think it's good No, but we can put whatever the tracks are on there. Why don't I hold out what is it cost to put that on? No, they can order it right right? Oh by the way Just so you know that guy eric called me during the break I forgot to tell you the guy I called up that said because he has a master card That's where you handed a discover cover car, right? That's bull crap because Anybody with it with an account, you know a banking account can order That's well, let me take a look at it. Okay. I'm gonna click on it right now. I don't ordinarily do that What is my dreamfields pasta? Nice goal with that by the way Troy you're doing it baby. You are really doing it on that making an account out of it, right? Should never let Troy handle it should have given it to somebody who really screwed up good like Gary Sarner Then we know we did gotten some good copy Let's see now. What do you tell me order now? I'm clicking order now Usually ships and five to seven days See, I don't want to I don't want to like who to far here because I don't want to Have to buy one okay for my own CDs. I got one here your computer is not currently accepting cookies That does that mean Are you go? Get PayPal information. Okay, is it what I want to do? Yes, okay. I'm clicking it. Let's see what's going on here Check out check out my ass Okay, I'm I'm canceling this baby. I'm I'm gonna be charged for this so I'll take your word for it What does that mean my computer is not accepting cookies? Well Eric should know I mean he called me during the break yeah Eric would know he's our computer may have enough there in between Eatin or your Sam Ice cream sandwiches You think that he'd owe a little something about it I'm telling you man. I'm not joking. I'm not saying this just for a fact You know, I don't want to be like the boy who cried Bob wolf Michael but the fact that a matter is we got some serious issues with this Aranio Estasi, Olam baby We got some serious major issues and it's not a fact that those morons across the street are doing any number What that's do got's in the juice and all that other crap they got on here pretending to be it's kind of new to them That's not our that's not our format anyway. It's not our crowd But how cares about that crap that they're sort of obsessed with that, you know Even your roses do in a number that would rot and hell No, what what the problem is that these people aren't radio people they think they're radio people and the promise they're They couldn't even get a job at Walgreens these people in a prescription apartment. You know I'm saying now that's an indictment If you can't get hired in the prescription department of Walgreens, man you got some real the Fishing sees and your abilities you don't say a deficiency in your ability is what I'd be saying Yeah, they definitely do take masterford. I'm looking at it. See there you go and he's in the same Masterpiece and this cover all right. Well they take discover to see there you go. It's just an excuse Okay, they take discovered they they've easily they take mastercard. They'll take somebody else's mastercard Whatever you got so he falls under the category of two cheap two cheap this next use maker two cheap liar And I guarantee that that punk don't have it a scabber card anyway. You think he's got any credit a punk like him no way Probably an illegal alien on another one One thirteen a few and see the whole thing with this immigration thing and we can tell you right now There's been no policy for over 20 years there are all these millions of people it's been insanity and now it's like Oh, there's some rational fairer away to solve it well of course. There's not course not Like saying there's some rational fairway to the to solve all those years of Of a slavery course not Although we had a lot of NBA teams it certainly couldn't hurt Well, I would think about Imagine if we had 30 more NBA teams My god, of course the question is how many seven foot freaks we got out there black white or indifferent you're a Japanese Man, is he one of the guy or what that y'all mean man I mean well most most of them food guys are freaks in the training We don't see like good looking seven foot guys. Well, they're all oddly proportioned You know right, but I mean he's really Strange just a tree man y'all Yeah, we're seeing which we cross for team going y'all's a 14 a Q a and soft lotus famous for its trade shows there's boat shows cars show Is bridal shows home shows art fairs galore and more Now if you're a trade show exhibitor the only name you need to know is pub set Pubset creates the absolute top of line of tension grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays Call right now nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five and pub set will get you set for success When it comes to design printing posters banners and especially trade show displays pub set has been the very best for 14 years Column nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five right it down right it on your lymph wrist just like in momentum Right it down nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five for pub set From design to set up pub sick and it'll all your trade show needs Right's the sure pub set will separate you from the competition Don't look second rate you only get one chance to look great pub set is the way to go nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five or online is pub set s f dot com for top match design Crachio graphics and displays pub set is the way to go look for my picture under building along to see how it just North of commercial you will just drive right off the road call nine five four seven seven two 72 75 and tell me fluff Lindsey toward you to call this is a kneel Roger This is five 16 Hell Like this Wasn't he able to hide its Two hide and trade packages Two court-owned vehicles You need come to call this Because the name is generally And one side gets totally worthless And now it's too late Not as long just as long Because you don't can make it under Kill me Don't kill me Johnny's heart can call the fire now Don't let me know To feel the fire To breathe with your flesh And I don't try to look To be true to those pictures That you never lie about us again What 25-60 WMD Don't forget coming up at the 2 o'clock Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby It's the crow Baby, baby, baby, baby There's been some requests in the building to hear that crow bit Oh really? Yeah, well actually I have two I'm not going to be sure there's one as playable But we like the Steve one Oh crow and Steve Well in that case This is the crow And we're talking hobo 5-6-WM Come and home me Right here at 5-6-7 H-O-O 5-6-U Come and home me Let me talk to the Steve and Miami Steve You know what I mean? War in the mind Well crow What is the marlins has to do to win the world series this year? What has been easy one, Steve They got to swing the bat Hit the bow It's on strikes Remember the game of baseball is 5-7-Hitting Who doesn't want to have? 5-7-Fielding 5-7-Fencing And 20-Fob is 6-Managing But crow That's 175% What? Don't you be questioning me? What do you mean? Isn't it? Hey man Hey man, I said You be a man Well now I'm not ignorant Boy, I play ball, fetching the baseball In a third world, because you get mad at my son Did you? Well actually, I'm not even in it I play eating Don't even in it Are you eating? I didn't even in it Can you even have food? Come home me I'm the crow How did you do? Deliminate me Hey man Hey man Hey man Hey man Hey man Hey man 21 past one So that's what we got coming up at two o'clock And this is part of the new Clare Bell Rage team We're putting the same amount in competent people People who don't even belong on you to say hello and goodbye We're putting it back on you again You know we got a lot of little martes We got a lot of stuff Lots of that The squeak micers And we're actually going to put David Samson on Friday when Hank's off to hot springs I think that idea had a couple of weeks ago about going All in music I think that's the way to go You know? Sarah? Then I would turn to Clare Bell and say What are you going to do about it? You fair! That's what I would say You don't think that's a good idea? You never know? Let's you pick like a third of the music And Georgia third and then I'll pick a third Okay sounds good How's that? We'll have like a three way And I'll take it with at least pick a fourth And then the other fourth will let the audience by request Just like that did I just played All the other like it Yeah That's a new format man And we're out of 26% of liars on here All we did by here is so yeah We started almost 30% at the early About 30 minutes We've shown now we've got to done 26 They've stopped with this lying BS You know it's not the number is dropped? Yeah, I was in 43 votes And I was going to be a little more active A little bit And now that we're convincing them You don't have to lie to make anybody Oh 26.1 now See not good Trying to impress us Oh yeah, we did We come through for you Oh you don't Too cheap Too cheap Don't want that smith That's not that I can handle it I have no problem with that You don't want it We don't want a force of onion Neal's not here to sign at 38 Yeah, well hold your breath I'll take you by the way I'm going to show up Okay And we're going to be sitting out on a street court There with a big card table And it'll be like a big arrow There, oh there we are There's that And you can come into my wardrobe I'll wear some real super baggy pants You know And when it was flower shirts 560 560 Pound 560 Verizon and singular wireless line You know one thing since I've been here I haven't had one person come out to me by my wardrobe No And guess what? I don't care See people I run around trying to impress everybody Also it's plastic I can't if they're too proud of people I can't stand Spastic and plastic Somebody QAM hello Spastic line Amy, how are you doing? Pretty good, paly I just want to let you know I haven't been able to go on the pole for over two lines I've lost my air in a connection Yeah You know, I got kicked out of my place I was staying And just you know, pinching pain Just passing the tank So I would roll to buy your CD But it is right now I'm just a broke Roke loser Well, you might have had I'm going to show you Will you be a pass and the carabelle says I'll send you a hundred dollars in small bills Will you really? No Make it a bunch of pennies, man Okay, good luck, paly Thank you Thank you, Nair 10 cup cowways worse Spass some copper, sunny, expression copper I'm going to clock work orange Look what it did for him I think that's not a bad idea Worst here, man, we got people who have franchises I'm sure of it Same faces sitting on the same street corners And the same locations every day for years Every single day with their little cup Even at a winter time Even on days when it's just brutal You know, I saw a guy a couple days ago That had a sign that said, why lie I want beer And I have seen that And people were actually giving him money Sure And they they respect his honesty I want some beer, I want to get drunk, I want to pack a camel I want some of them cancer sticks, I want some of them faggotts Well, what's wrong with that Don't you respect them more than people pretending Oh, or the ones with the long signs You know, a war veteran Out of luck, down on my luck Actually with these people, there's a head of bad day It would be a funny I'm not fooling me, I see the same faces out there The same sad faces, man Over and over And then when you stop seeing me, what that means They're dead T-O I'm not talking to you, I'm talking about tapped out T-O Or they could be dead Because a lot of people would buy me here the sound I'm dying on the hair See that all the time Twenty six point I want that number under twenty six Before the show ends today I mean even that number is going to be grossly exaggerated Because like that lady said she bought three And it was the guy before that bought a couple So the friend of an, of course we didn't know what the number is Anyway Maybe we got a hundred grand and they just Be hunted to be poured on it Think that's possible Oh yeah Maybe we got like a half a million Maybe that's where I'm going to kill a win You won't see him no more Oh you guys got twenty thousand Come to find out we got ninety thousand But he's got seventy of it He's out of way up to her she highway He's out of way up here to like how fun a plane of fly to Havana So it can hang out with alien Or he's obsessed He's like a mental disease with him He's obsessed Cuba Cuba Cuba Cuba No, why not I don't know How about if we dig up the thesis body and put it on a plane next to him When I make him feel better more at home That was wrong with that child Twenty six passed one at five sixty W. K. W. and we sure hope you enjoyed that opening day We hope that Marlins win a game you know this week would be nice We got three three with a pod raisin And the Washington net the nets coming on Friday Watch the nation's now long before you were born in the NBA there was these Syracuse nation's basketball team You know that I did you Syracuse nets Dolls shades used to play on a team in Johnny Kerr Why am I older why huh I'm a Sam And he's releasing a Steve Kerr Johnny Kerr No okay or Deborah Kerr car Kerr No I don't think so But Dolls shades play on Davis Syracuse nets Then we also had the Rochester Royals about you heard of them because of you. Yes Cuz the scene a couple of games during Rochester Wouldless Harrison was the coach and I put him I don't My uncle Mutchney Soddon was actually the coach for that team briefly in W.W. W. 2 In 1944 at the booky the booky who was coach at the Rochester Royals That's a true story very briefly, and I think less Harrison played for him and then he became the coach, bolted at less Harrison Man I think they used to knock their hips together the red our buck and let's hear some. I like to get into some knockdown dragouts, screaming matches there. Those games. That's all I remember. Remember Bobby Wanzer and Arnie Wizen and Bob Davies and Bob Davies and Bob Koozy who couldn't talk. Then he still can't speak. Everybody, everybody, who did he? He does cover on this. Oh, oh, hey, Bob Koozy. Can't speak. Oh, he makes the cross sound like water crunch. If you ever heard Bob Koozy speak, yes. Oh, my God. That's a broadcast. He makes many artists sound like Westmore van Voorys, like chat hutley. Anyway, 28 after one, there's another liar. The planning process. There's airmongering around Staudet. They're planning. They're stuck out the ovens right now. I said, Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long speaking of feeling like you're in an oven, which most most of the year south Florida's like that. How bucketing an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate. Other world's smartest air conditioner, the five star edition of the carrier and fun of the system. And to make things even better, you can get this family of the system from Royce Air and Heath, where they've been taking care of track County area families for three generations. As a carrier, fact, we authorized either Royce, guarantee you 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier. The people who invented air conditioning and have now invented the carrier infinity system. Now, this system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted self for maximum efficiency and speaking of that to maintain maximum efficiency of your current air conditioner, we should enjoy the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. Twice a year, they'll inspect into an after system. It'll enjoy a priority, same day service and 10% off a needed repairs. All of these things for just all of these things. Just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed and fit any system of pure on or peace of mind you around with a comfort club, either way, make the Royce choice. Com toll free, and tell them that ancient Neil, Georgia to call Royce Air and Heath at 1-800-377-0075. You're ready for a long brutally hot and humid summer baby. Call Royce Air and Heath 1-800-377-0075. This is Neil Rodger. This is 5-62A. What's their goal? W-Q-A-N. What? Faves. 5-6A. I'm here on this side of your radio speaking. And you, you just stay over there. Now, normally I don't stick out of character, but if you're in a disaster this here at Harry Kane, I feel it's only forever. That day we dispenser the Holy Gate, he supports for a while. And it, I mean, he will be claiming to get political-related. And so can I. That was an endie-town. You're out with a needy of all of our in-eventy. Yeah, hi, Howard. Hey, you had that. There is nobody here by that name. From this turn on, you will address me by my trep on name. Or I'll place my boonie thingy, you're under your nose. Okay, well, nobody will want. Well, there are only about 1100 national alert available because of the resident getting killed while trying to secure resources for corporate interest in Iraq. The rescue equipment is their including the high water trucks, which is kinda weird since the first time. But wait a minute. Whoa! Whoa roll, whoa, whoa. voice the bowl. Can they not dare not failed. And not dare. So take that bub, there might be might be president of odds as in folk control. You know, you gotta keep in mind nobody had any idea that the impact of the story. And that's how the Minogad Toss to be this. So what do you hear, what the hell is our crisis? I, I came to edify you in political, Murnalog. Hey, I'm your ruler. I'm smart. I'm like, do we, Hoyman says. Well, perhaps you'll, Garner Mutsch under my tutelid. I don't want you to do it. I don't want you to do it. Don't want me to do it. Don't want me to do it. Don't want me to do it. Don't want me to do it. It's strong break. It's strong break. It's strong break. It's strong break. Oh, man, do we miss him or what? Do we miss him? Yeah. Sure, had, you know, a lot of misery, but also a lot of fun. Now we just got the misery in part left. Even Kathy Bates would be embarrassed. But we'll, you know, we'll keep showing up. Keep taking a money. And we like, like he says, Terrible, He's going to take care of my people. He's going to take care of Josh. He's going to take care of George. And it was his, you know, see this is the problem. He goes over the Naples and he's spanking with a couple of times. Like, that's it. And then he goes, oh, wow. We can't do this. And we can't do that. And we can't, yeah, right. That's our middle name. We have to change our call letters to WC. C and C. Gotta be careful with that one now. Well, you can only have four letters. Or if it was, if it was a Canadian station could be C and C. Can't do radio. Now, see, you gotta keep your mind out of the gutter. Because I know exactly where it went. As soon as I said that. You're right. Well, you stop it. See you next time. I said, C, A, N, T. And you can't have five letters in there. So, you know, you know, all right. Oh, now probably Terrence is going to come running in there. Oh, see, I just that word again. I told him. I told him what it means. Yeah, look at the mirror clearance. That's what it means. Anyway, we got 26.2% claim that they bought our merchandise. And you know, that's a pilot clock. What's his name? You say the former coach of the Keynes, that Jack Anx, who has such a good time in Louisville. How would smelly burger? Okay. Five six seven, five pilot clock. That was one of his amateur expressions. As you were clenching his teeth on that pipe. You know, puff out the storm. What it was in that pipe? Five six seven, five, sixty. And pound five, sixty in the Verizon singular wireless lines. I think what we ought to do is play some old audio from how do you do it. Now that we got clear bell runs you out. Tell me to Q a M. Hello. A Neo. Yes sir. Sounds like Aaron Jones to me. Yeah. He's taught them down and I'm hanging up on him. Tell me to Q a M. Hello. Five six seven, come on. Let's give those numbers out while I look for how do you do it. Oh, where does it? I got to do something here. I'll get in there. Just relax. Don't get into a panic. Now what's this? Oh look at that. Very, very nice. It's the second come on the first disc. Oh, right. That's always a good sign. Since Clara Bell is now running a radio station who talks a lot of crap, but can't get anything done. But it would be, but it would be, but about, talks double talk. I've never seen him in Al-Qaoli. Anyway, you wouldn't know Al-Qaoli. He was great. Double talker. Here we go. It's time to die. Oh, wow. Oh, deep, dirty kids and... Oh, my! Well, how do you miss to do it? Boys and girls in home and kids in the gallery of tour. Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Who are you? Oh, my? Hmph! Oh, where are you? Here we are again with moreODwy d'. I'm direct from theODwy d'. Oh, my! Oh, hello, buffalobot. Andźniej plane. In верх. Oh, hello, buffalobot! Oh, hello! Oh, my! Hello, how are you? Oh, my! Hello, I'm right here. Hello, all of you. Well, my! Yesterday, I told you I'd shoot the nights for serial numbers, but look, my monotungen must explode here. Oh, my! The hunk is a little horn. He had a little horn with a rubber ball on the end. He used to honk it. He was a honky, clear ball. Well, that is it. You can get a little low ranger. The whole ranger. I think that was the apprentice who de Buraz Mountain, and if you asked me to loan ranger him in time, so I think they were doing stuff. That was it. Yeah. And then the end of the show they said loan ranger was, who was going to loan ranger? Oh, sorry. 567.056. And you know the rest. W 2 a m hello. Bro are on for you. W 2. W 2 a m hello. Hey, but see this. Okay. Boy, you're getting faster than he is. That's good. W 2 a m hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think in order for Jeffrey Loria to sell the seats of the Marlott Stadium, you can have the contact. Mr. Murray for the good lead. What do you think? Yeah, that's a good to me. Hey, by the way, I don't know. Forget by the way. Remember one thing. Buffy, the clothes is all right. Hey, Jack, are you going out tonight, Neil? Am I going out? You don't get it when he asks Shelley if he was going out? Oh, yeah, right. Go out. I'm going to go out and see that couple. Yeah. All right. I went to spend this year a couple. Is it? The platelle. What? What is he talking about? I don't know if it was funny for some reason. Yeah, I think it sounded a little bit. Yeah, like that. See, there ain't a thing. How about your hit parade with Stookie Lansing? Svetail. Svetail. Svetail. Scientific tests, schools. What he strike is wilders, and any other principal driver cigarette set fact is verified by an independent consulting laboratory with more than 15 years experience in cigarette research. Let your own taste and trod, please a judge. For smoothness and biomass, there's never a rough puff and a lucky strike. Yes, true to yourself what science have it best true. Lucky strike is milder than any other principal brand of cigarettes. Yellow carton of luckies today. Lucky strike presents your hit play. Lucky seven songs of the week with just one highly Wilson. The head for later. The greatest kind of a luckiest strike on this one. LSMF team and in fact, you used to get like a general tumor. Look at that. You really lit up the phones with that. How do you do? Is that what it is? That's got nothing. I don't think so. I think it's probably your rhymes with phones as in Revere. I've been talking about the first time I've ever seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. I've been talking about the first time I've seen a lot of people who are in the world. Raccoon! Raccoon! He's here for a lot of people. Tommy? Tommy? Not our Tommy? Tommy, true. That's true. Not our Tommy? He's a lot of people with that raspberry. See, they thought it was a fart and it was just a raspberry. That's why he's still there because if they knew it was like a fart song, they'd have fired his ass. Oh, he likes to kneel in Georgia and he may even drive. I don't know if he likes you or not. Now it's been 83 votes. I'm sure that's deflection. Why didn't I roll you by Neil Leonard? This is all tough side of the idea by the way. This thing with the CD in the T-shirt. It's all his idea. And now he goes out to the sales department and like, oh, I had nothing to do with that. You know what I got to do with that. I'm a sales guy, right? F. Maricelsman, okay? Why didn't you roll you by Neil's anniversary? How dare you not buy it? Is the student-man's story, what's he say? How dare you? That CD in that ugly T-shirt, huh? We got a thousand 83. We got a shot at 1100 again during the show. You think we can do that? Oh, sure. We need 17 votes in 12 minutes. I think that's a possibility. I did do it 283, 26.1 percent. I don't believe it. But now it's not around 26 percent. So he just dropped. We got to get that under 26. 187. We need 13 votes in 12 minutes. I'm too cheap to do 230. Go off that Schmidt, 187. Who the hell are one of Super S CD? And I'll be a T-shirt that I would even wipe my car with. I hate this pool, 123. Please, no more charity stick, 96. That was my vote. And in fact, I voted before we took this pool. Before we started this crap, I voted for it. And they would listen to me. Why should I have anything to say about it? I don't have any cash, 61. Don't worry. Once Josh gets that new raise, he'll take care of everybody. He's a really generous benevolent guy. He'll be standing on the street corner every day for now before and after the show. Hand in out $100 bills like John B. Rockefeller. That's right. And that's when I get it. It's a hold your breath. Who used to hand out diamonds. This is matter of fact. I mean, what kind of arrogant crap is that? Well, that billionaire. He's hanging out diamonds. Of course, back in the day, the diamonds were like a quarter. Neals not here to sign in 42. Why would I want it on sign? I stole the CD. Now loaded it. Copy it. Burned it. Stealed it. 27. How do you give it a charity? 22. And the CD sucks only 16. And you know, those 16 probably never heard it anyway. They're just a bunch of wise guys. You know, just like I think I would discover car. Just another excuse trying to cover up for their own cheapness. They have to be embarrassed to be cheap. You've got a lot of company. And a lot of cheap people. I know a rumor. He's not embarrassed by it. When you go to a meal and in fact, I'll never forget when he came up here that time and shut me all around town and that horrible deli that awful place. And there's a rumor his wife, his son, his daughter and me. There's so there's four that was fabulous, right? Yeah. I don't think the son was there. He was near the daughter and the wife and her. So there's three of them. I want to meet horrible meal. The worst place that he takes is way out of the middle is the Chinese CEO. Yenem is vell. The middle of nowhere. After we're going to drive to Montreal for Christ's sake. At least we got a good meal there. Not only was the food awful, but at the end of the meal, here comes the check. And now his daughter had never been in any of these deals. He just slides you over there. I check. Right. And she let her gas like that. Like that. She was gasping for oxygen when he was just the waitress gave him and he just handed it right over to me. So wait a minute. That waitress gave it to him and he gave it to you. Right. Oh my god. Well, he was sitting on the table. So she just handed him and he just passed it right over to me. Wow. This is what happens when he's swirl people. When he keeps buying cheap skates, meals are roofed. Chris, you know. Now I'm not going to lie. I've been out with people before. And they put the check down on the table and I might wait to see if somebody grabs it. No, he handed it to me. That's crazy. And the daughter was like, she was so embarrassed and humorous. It just mortified. Or like they send in biblical days mortify. And his skates morta come. And that's why like when I was down there last time. And he calls me up. Oh, you're going to be in town anytime. And if I were asked again, my mistake, I said, yeah. And come to find out that was when they had the all the Olympic break. Right. So the NHL wasn't payments. We had the several days off. And he guess what? He was going out of Florida. What does he just call you and ask you if you want to take him out the dinner? No, he did say that. Oh, well, have to go to Ruth Chris. I said, no, I think I'm only going to be there a couple days. I think I'm all tied up, Rimmer. In other words, don't call me. I'll call you and do a hold your breath. And never half of the course. Oh, I see it. You know, one thing I'll say about him besides being cheap. Boy, does he have a lot of cuts by? Yes. I mean, he's not embarrassed by it. You know, that that's his badge of honor being the cheap skate. And making sure you're going to pick up the check. So now that you're getting that big raise, John. This is Neil Roger. This is five, 16, 18. If it's free, it's me. Absolutely. I'm glad he's getting a good job. I wish I could have a dream at 28. I went to shop around on the back and told me to go out. She had a bit of cup of champagne, my reading glasses. I had to remind her why I'm asking her. If it's hanging over the handle of a side of a salad, I think I'd have told like a manly catch up with me. She said, well, that's enough. I didn't see she'd already lying. I'm standing here all day and my finger bites me. I'll tell you that I got a lot of random things. But Jamie's on your tending daily, wait for me. I just gave you some things and got so full gear. I had a bit of that. It's a lot of hubba-baked red. I don't think I've got to do such a strange, nice, great-paced, creepy-free touch. I've got your waist. I brought my jeans and full of shoved and I'm eating. Yeah, we did a leave. But for my gun start eating, my life's at my shoulder, my belly's at me. And just for it, I'll untrain your back around the kitchen. I said I should be embarrassed and I'm holding a pot. And you should only expect no one's from a diaper wearing pot. And I might end as a side-baked iron a fair night near. As you can go right now. For a skin-to-head. We know she should take a cup of dinner, but the polish can be done. I don't think that you're coming. She's in my kitchen, show me an operation. I should try the kitchen and line her up. But that's her drop of ice. I don't know. It's a great-paced, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice. 150 in a QAM. We've got the crow standing by a gate-of-other. It'd be park, man. That should be a real hoot. You know what? Oh, sure. We're still two-o-chai, man. We were two-o-chai leaving. We'll get it. We'll get it. You're going to get it. 1100, you're right. We got it. And the good part of it is I should probably shouldn't say it. Oh, you should say it. What? What? I don't know. No, I'm top. You see the percentage is under 25.9. We got it under 26. We got it down 4 points from the beginning. The liars, you know, the liars club? Yeah. All I bought it. Right. 285, so they did buy our stuff. And you know, just figure it out. Wouldn't we have, like, more than 100 bucks for this thing. If they really would have done it, we would have done it. That's okay. We understand what you really mean is your two-cheap. It's rather neat thing. You can vote that. No problem. You got a lot of company. Out of 1103 and still 20 to 025.8. That is great. That is sensational. By the way, yes, it was getting $50 million for his name. It's not even his real name. Well, I guess it is. But it's, uh, I haven't all eaves. See, if he would have still been cashless, he wouldn't have a 50 cent. But CFX Inc has an answer to that. He has an answer to the card. And 80% interest in the name images likeness and although I'm a shakiness of all publicity boxing legend, Mahamid Ali, after a payment of 50 million out of the Ali trust. In Mahamid, we trust. Mr. Ali, 64 years old, has been in the public high recent months. He was unable to walk on assisted. But still, scared in November when he was worthy. Metal freedom by President Bush. Ever seen him in January? No walk together. Oh, that's bad. That was good. Don't you allow a apologize for Santa? You know, I should apologize for Santa. That was very cool and evil. And next, he's going to be talking about Michael J. Faw. Bye, bye, bye.