The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and colors. And you're not reflective of the busy grunt and nothing to know. I've retired there. I was just quite as well. So I apologize to the audience for a little party with a big time series on the website. Which one of our projects? Yes, my family. He's a screw guys. Okay, just wait. They're up there. Freedom. I am not a giant. Why the you've bursted? Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box. I'm Jack. You know, I'll be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean. I'd like a Jack burger to large fries. Sorry, now we're cleaning the grease fryer. We don't have any french fries today. Okay, the gift give me a smaller, refrigerator. Please. Look, chief, maybe you didn't hear me. And I said, we don't have any fries today. And I'm at something else. Okay, then just give me an order of fries. Listen up, pal. Who put the straw and straw berry? Did you do that, right? Make sure they don't put the apenate product. Make sure that's right. Make sure they don't. Now listen carefully. Who put the freak in french fries? There is no freak in french fries. That's what I'm trying to tell you. But for a three, no freak in french fries. I'll get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down your f***. So, they'll have to sit on a jack burger to eat it. Oh, I'm an ice day. When I be something of him, teeth in your rectum, it's 10 out to a five, 60 WQM. Happy Veterans Day. Today's the holiday. George couldn't figure it out. He said, there's no school today. And then he went, look at that. He said, let's be the precious man. Big ones with joy. Yes. That's what I'm going to do. I mean, Veterans Day's November 11th, but since it comes on the Saturday and in America, we have to make damn sure that, you know, you gotta get a day off on holiday, right? Right. So, see. So, anyway, we're celebrating it today. That's why the kids are off from school. That's why a lot of people went away for a nice long, three day weekend. See ya. See ya, you guys. You try to forget and do anything else. BSO deputies will be conducting DUI saturation patrols this weekend and out of the holidays, I guess. Tonight from 830 until 5 o'clock to my morning in the areas of Dearfield Beach, Pompeo Beach, and Oakland Parking in tomorrow, they're like, where in Toppo Beach? Like, do we have a little, uh, do we zero in on that? They're just a boy at Toppo and all together. Unless you go to the track, we shouldn't go there. Or to the Lou Becro, go there, but other than that. Now, can I get back to this while you're planning on beginning really to the end of that? I thought you were boozing up last night. What do you talk about? I live in Parpeto Beach. Yeah, we'll just don't go home, okay? Boozing up and just laying in a park bench somewhere. The gutter would be good. That would be an excellent, an dumbster, and any might find some nice lunch. Can I go back to this again, please? See you soon, or I'll be going, where do you scoot up? Didn't put any of the stories on there until about 915 this morning. I had a little problem with the internet last night. Yeah, you had a problem with your instrument last night. Yeah, I believe that. Wouldn't be the first time. Let's see. Oh, yeah, there's people who write every story on there, including some 15, and for that one of our showvis said, Boosh, how to be executed. We'll get to that though. Let me start over again. It kills some good time. BSO deputies will conduct BYU saturation patrols. Tonight from 830, we'll five or talk to Marmorning and Dearfield Beach. Somewhere in Pompano Beach, an Oakland Park and into Marnight from 830, 5 or 5 Sunday morning. In areas of uncorporated central Broward, Pompano Beach, and Oakland Park, not a good weekend to get smashed. Unless you're going to go over to Georgia's house. Okay. And here we are. We're going to get identified in the DYU laws of the actively enforced. This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate in prior announcement of selective enforcement activities. So they just can't spring it on you. So it was a service of a WQAman show. We passed it along to you. So I'll say we didn't warn you. Okay, when you get your nurse, do you? All right. Here's the poor result from yesterday. How satisfied are you with the election results? 1957 most boys and girls. That's one hell of a lot. We're not going to do a lot today because I forgot to put the pull-up till about nine last night. I just forgot about it. I was playing like George, you know. How satisfied are you with the election results? I'm ecstatic. 635. Happy. 595. There's nothing wrong with being ecstatic or happy. How was the DYU? Was he happy? Yeah, he's calling. Oh, yeah. I'm so happy. I'm squeezing myself. 426. A lot of squeezing going on out there. I'm sure that. I still don't care 155. Heartless bastards. I'm not happy any two. I'm suicidal 38 to which we say go ahead and pull the trigger. Squeeze it. And I hate this pull only 26. I'm here 1.3%. Well, that's really something quite a turnaround in it. Just get last. Be sure to join Kim Bo Kamper to set no noon to one of the chairhots on the next week. Just east of the Lingo and Pembroke Pines. Stuff either when prices are those the ecuatic UAM prices. I'm sure. The same. Oh. And celebrate Chara's 30th anniversary. Not turn man. We've voted at the Chara in the Pines. Noodle on PM. Go over there. Get one of them. Char cheese or whatever. I like the assorted which he's an end in. Yeah, we need to be like sausage. Have a good party. Is it how you doing? Well, that's right. You got your ice cream in the winners today. Alright. I was afraid out about that. No one of you showed up even on a holiday. I want to go with that. So that's why both of these guys showed up today because they got tubs of ice cream from Jackson's Indian coming. And honor of Jackson's anniversary. Where is that thing? I'm supposed to read. Over there somewhere in your pile. See in my pile. Here it is right here. National Delhi product presents the first annual Big Dog eating contest at Jackson's Eskines, that's over 18. That's still a week from tomorrow. But in honor of that, Jackson's coming in again today with a lot of tubs and tubs of those Goopy concussions that there's no famous for. And probably Rocky Road with hot fudge and butter scotch and whipped cream and Sherry's and whoo. And foot long premium well be fat dogs. And you're going to participate in the Big Dog eating contest on the 18th week from Tomorrow and shovel as many down your pushes you can. I doubt it. No, I'll leave that for the spectators for it. I'm sure there's a lot of the. Oh, I'm sure we all have seen these people. Although some of those Japanese people are very proficient at doing that. I wonder what that's all about because Japanese like you said yesterday. Most of their skinny and skinny people are doing that too. Right. That coba Yaashiki. Is that his name? What? What's his special? Oh, you can't say it on the ear. Okay. He eats. Okay, here's today's pool which we're off to a very slow start and it's my fault. So both Josh and I screwed up bad last night too bad. We don't care. Just like George told Joe, just keep the text coming. And what is this with Joe Bell trying to like, I don't know as you try to aggravate or agitate because I'm going to very good mood. Everything is wonderful. I told him that except for those rejoins. And what did he say? He said he just nodded. But pretty much I guess that's the answer by default. What do you mean by that? Well, he didn't say that he was going to tell Clarence to cut the crap and we don't have to play them anymore. So what do we do? Right. So what does it mean? As long as we could play this all we care about if transplants to run, 10 minute rejoins and ruin the length of listen, shift, which he knows nothing about. You know, it's nothing about broadcast. You know, that's what a boils down to. They took a little sports nerd. In fact, Clarence is like one step away from somebody else. One of his boyfriends. He's about a half a step away from that, like El Ritardo. And it made him into a program director. Pull for your program director. He used to be a deafs man. Now he's like, look what he's done. Look what he's done for us. He's given us some numbers that start with, oh, in different day parts. Not midday though. He hasn't been able to mess with us enough. So there must be why he puts those long. And of course we can play in Josh for part of that too because he always waits till last break. Always waits till last break and he plays that one with Maddo and Bup Bup. And Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup. And on and on. That here I've tried the back time. I don't care. You know, he still can't fool me because when I, when I sense it, it's one of the real long ones. I still have time to change the, you know, it's five or six. I guess. How many of your friends and or family listen to me? Oh, six hundred and forty five votes. A few, 251. Zero, 169. Zero, none of them. Well, I said it. This makes me feel really bad. You believe it? No. Almost none, 148. Most, most of them 29. And then George insisted that we had some, which I thought a few is some, but he says some, which is a few. You sound less than half or a, still like a small amount. So some, some can be a song about 50 and 50. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Is that what some means? Maybe. You, what are all the brothers? How many idiots do you have working your QAM? Some? All of them 14. Wow. I hit this pull 10 only one and a half percent. And only my enemies listen nine. I thought that would be kind of cute to put some of there. Always got to have some little QC on there, you know. You know, you know, you know, right me? Mm-hmm. Give them a place to go. 649 votes nine. Say only my enemies listen. Like that. Okay. Let's get out of business now. Let's see. Mad dog is at Hooray's in pop-ro today between two and four. The power hour with hopper in the Mad dog four to five. Everybody all over town is talking about that power. That's when they take a shower together. And then the hopper solo between five and seven or Clock allow hope is lost in ounce and tith say, I'm on 94 by the way. I lost almost a pound. Are you proud? No. Yeah. I've actually been more than that. But then the day was almost over and a dog I mean, I haven't had my sliced beef with mushrooms like for my dream night before. So I went over to a Chinese joint. I got something like that. It was okay. Wasn't great. Was this good as in the dream? Sodom in life is anything really is good in real life as it is in a dream. You know what I mean? Opening tippled bimbo cools in 7 o'clock tonight and of course that must be because of the panther game. Ha ha ha ha ha. Opening tipp my ass. Get out of here with his nonsense. And then of course we got after that crap of 730 panther preview the panthers at the Sabers in Buffalo rate of clock. I've actually got these right. Hey, y'all. I've tried to win though just not can try to get in and then actually a panther is good. But he never know they might pull off his surprise and Buffalo I doubt it. And then any k follows the hockey game. So that's the agenda here on QA and we got the hurricanes. I've got to lose the Maryland which means what's his influence. If fire in the course hanks trying to get his buddy but stive is back in the again. You know how hank what are things he likes to do is get all his buddies. Who's that one guy? That Jewish guy that he's always, I don't know what he does now or if he's still alive. He's always pushing for him to get some job at your FIU or FI somewhere. What was that guy's name? Oh that Jewish guy? Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? I'm a schmendric. I'm a schmendric. That's the guy. Come on, John. You know what I mean? No, I don't think I do. Always pushing and pushing and pushing and going out. I guess he gave up on him so he's got bush dives. Wich dives? Let's get him in there. You and bring him back. He won four bull games. Wich dives? So that the fans can stuff spinning on the players already over there. You are just a disgrace. And that's the disgrace on a care of what kind of crap Barry Jack has keeps writing in his stupid and stupid column about all the media. But it way overboard. I'm picking on you, I'm a kid, got shot and killed. And let me say this to you too, as much as you know, I haven't met him but I like Kenny Walker. Like just fine. I hope that guys do really well in the morning all the way down to it. But that thing that they went through yesterday about, well it's not because he was a football player. But somebody's out there in this community and they've killed somebody. There have been plenty of other young guys who got in the shot and killed and young girls and other innocent people. Like, you know, and nobody's on our stations screaming. Oh, what are we going to do? Somebody's out there on the loo. Somebody's got to get all y'all. Sob this crime. Let's get Dick Tracy on the job. Number crime stoppers under Tracy Adam and Walter was. It was like something you'd cut out and put in a, yeah. I did that when I was a kid was kind of like, yeah, but nevertheless crime stoppers. That's what we need here on QM. Not only enough that we pass along to BSO DUI detect live places and the pig reports. We got to pass along the important stuff like who killed cock robin, who killed JFK. Who we killed MLK. I'll all these things. Anything that's good ideas since we're so news intensive here on QM? No question. So George told you about yesterday during their very important QM brainstorming session at the sports talk sucks. Fuck, you bastard. Mr. Lecter, say maybe. From this appointed cast on Clarice, stating people right after you killed him. I mean, maybe I'm not a tiny real director. Think you're like it. It plays a people's taste just like you. If you see him all the longest dreams, better order you would get me. Mr. Lecter, I've got to ask, how do you think, sir, that funky man? So it's good. You can't who good job. The first ever, what do you have for a few years? A few years old, like, sir. I wish I saw you fail business. You're a chaplain, call on me. You've got crimps and arms and legs free. Just with my mind of God's say they say. So I think in the five, six to WQI, I'm happy Friday to remember ten. Anyway, this is a fact. His mark, trustment is thanks, buddy. That's not the guy. Let's try and try to think of it. I think his name is also Hank. Like Rosenstein, Rosen Blatt, Gold, something, gold slub, whatever. Maybe Jack's lines to the phone, and somebody will call him, tell you what it is. Yeah, it's ringing right now. Well, I answer it. Jack, sorry. You know what I can answer the phone? It's not ringing. No. Call up Jack's court, and tell him what the answer that is, because I know so much. Eight guests a day on. We've got two taxes on that, trustment thing. And that's not even close. Not even close. Anyway, for whatever reason, Humph, maybe a book diver survives all the meals or something when he's in town. Or buys all the booze. That's true of that. Well, let's get back to what's his name, Benny Erson. He was always buying the booze for the players. Anyway, who the hell cares about you of him? In fact, it's a loose-null. He seems to get their ass kicked at Merlin again. I've heard see, who the hell the dolphins played at Chiefs on Sunday. Wow. That could be another really early performance. Don't get confused by what happened in Chicago by the way. Don't be confused by that. Don't let that fool you for even one second. I know I'm sure not going to allow me to, you know, myself to get sucked in. Don't ruin their one week of glory. I'm sorry. I apologize, guys. I just like you, I apologize. I apologize for putting the stories on this morning instead of last night. I'm sorry. I apologize. We don't care. We're just here to get a paycheck. Just call me Johnny Paycheck. Luck now, India. A man in northern India will be publicly slapped 51 times as punishment after village elders found a guilty of rape and a neighbor who is them and mute. 51 slaps, baby. The elder stepped in to be well. They're not big on women over there. They just don't treat them awfully well. In case you have no other. And let's say have a big dowry. The elder stepped in to review the case because local police have failed or received accused man after it complaint was filed by the victim's husband. Police told us that since the woman is deaf and mute, she's not able to narrate the incident they've been saying. A village court made up of five elders heard from both sides on Wednesday. Found a man clearly found him. Find him 5,000 rupees that's 110 bucks US ordered that he'd be publicly slapped with an open hand 51 times. Open hand. We can't do more than that. The village court does not power to arrest anybody they said by public slapping the court wants to put him to shame. We're going to slap you ass. You raped this bastard you. Of course he can't hear whatever they say anyway. Communicating through hand signals the woman a mother of three states she was raped in a fear last Sunday. That's right. She's one instead. When we're turning home from work in the wrong poor, 300, 25 miles north east north west of Lucknow, the state capital of other pride. Sounds utterly ridiculous to me. The whole thing. Village court generally said a land dispute said this is a remiss among residents, not criminal offenses. But many rape cases go on reported in jail, especially in villages because women fear further harassment by the police who often work with police officers and landlords to harass their ass. How do you like that? 51 slacks of the open hand. 698 votes on our full gullies and buffalo as if a place were in boy. He finally found his match. Anybody calling? Tell him that guy hank. Oh, drain. But he's not answering it. His name is Green something. Not Greenberg. Green please. Yeah Green's please. But the others for. But you don't have that. I call me Rick. Oh, let me. Fire up. Sealed. Clear here. I read him. Green's please. I think about Greenfields. Well, we'll find both of them. Myron Cohen. Yes, you guys name. Come on. Nobody is called in the 10th of the name of the guy. I want to say Seth Greenberg. That's it. The bow. Right. That's what it was. Greenberg. Green. Green. Short. Green. I told you. Seth Greenberg. Oh, I can't believe it. I'm up to get a job. I'm sure is. I'm sure is. Seth Green. Okay. So that's a surprise to you that he's been. I mean, I don't know recently, but the boy, I'd say what's upon a time. Like every five minutes. So he ought to be. I think he's the basketball coach. That is college basketball. I know he has a mom like for his tournament show. Constantly. Constantly. Seth Greenberg. This Seth Greenberg. That's a papaya. Goldberg. Greenberg. It's all very viewing. Oh. That's a nice. Okay. We don't want to lose you. No way you'd be. By the way, it Bradley died yesterday. One with a earring. Yeah. Yeah. Meery. I mean, you know, I liked that Bradley a lot. He was a fine journalist. I enjoyed his work and all of that. But you would have thought that something cataclysmic happiness to do. The way the media was all over this. See, this is what they do. They, you know, it's like a fraternity like everything else. And everybody liked him a lot. And he was a good guy. And they were still afraid of training. So once we result, they all got it. And you would joys. And, ah. Yeah. Okay. He was 65. I thought he was a spring chicken or something like that. 65 can be old enough at times. Not for me, though, of course. Right. Having just earned 64. I'm not really decroved quite that soon. I'm going to stick around a long time just to put certain people off. But. I wanted you to go to a bill. See, about that. He said, we're going to re-up for like about 20 years. It's a my family. He'll keep sending you those checks for life until you're croaking until you're dead and buried. That's not what he said. Yeah. So, we're going to be having the scratch and scrape and we're going to work to you until a thousand of the days by fall. If we don't get there, I'll take the blame. I'll take the fall for it. How's that? Okay. New estimates say to rack civilian debts and 150,000. Nice going to W butcher. A stunning new death countermerge yesterday is a rice health minister estimated that 150,000 civilians have been killed in the war about three times. Previously, I've set the estimates. Marrowett's soon he Muslims mean while threatened to walk away from politics and pick up guns. While the Shiitaminate government renewed pressure on the U.S. to unleash the Iraqi army inclined to could crash violence in six months. After Democrats welcome authorities in both houses of the U.S. Congress. And after defense secretary Rumsoul resigned, the Iraqi's appeared unsettled and seemed to sense the potential for an even bloody or conflict because future American policy is uncertain. As they result, positions hardened on both sides of the country's deepening secretary and divide. Pre-visitments of Iraqi deaths tell that 45 to 50,000 men killed in nearly 44 months old conflict. According, you do realize now that you run the verge of being in Iraq longer than W.W. You're understatement. I do have been reading that. According to the partial figures from Iraqi institutions meeting reports, no official count has ever been available. But now, health minister Ali Al-Shamari, what if he's kind to Muhammad Ali, or Ali Sherman at the AL? Give his new estimate of 150,000 Seth Greenberg, oh my God. His new estimate of 150,000 reported during visit to the U.S. He later told the Associated Press that he'd based a figure. On the next number of 100 bodies today brought to Moors and hospitals, there's such a calculation where come out closer to 130,000 total. But who's counting? And I'm saying, obviously not nobody real closely. It's an estimate he said he'd blame Sunni and Surgeon Steve Wahhabis. Sunni religious extremists and criminal gangs for the deaths. They Wahhabis. Wahhabis. Wahhabis. I was looking for that. I don't think we have that in the hearing. Just by itself. Just relax, okay. Wahhabis. Please. Pass in Salim of the Supreme Court for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, or SCIR's QE, so the 150,000-figuring-coded civilians, police, and the bodies of people were abducted later founded, and collected Moors run by the Health Ministry. It's a blood bath baby. Since three and a half years since the change of the Sodom regime, right regime, some people say we have 600,000 kills said Chamari. This is an exaggerated number. I think 150 is okay. He said. Oh, in other words, if we're 600, we'd be too many dead people. But 150 said it. You know, it's okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to wait on the poll. Keep track very close. The BGC. So this channel actually consists of the U-Rodgers. Friday, you first do. Hey, tell, present! Number 700, voting game of the Goy, just song along. This, especially, of a lady in your life, by cherry Louis. Randy. And I'm with you, and I'm with you. I'm with you. Nobody loves songs. They are a lady, all in different levels. I love my sir, here's the cell. They're a number of people who are star in their data. Jerry Lundell. I do hear you. I love song. I'm a lady, like a cross by thick red dead. It's an amazing company of up 748, up songs, the Oral lady, all digitally remastered at all performed by the Massiful Superstar. Jerry, what is this? Jerry, by the joy, me, I say, tell, right here. I think they're very special, new, new, new, new, new, new. You'll get this out of this classic. And you'll look like a lady. It's Jerry. And we'll all be with a parent. And nobody will be with you. And nobody will be with you. Never a sound of it better. I don't know where to be. No matter where to be. No matter where to be. No matter where to be. No matter where to be. And we'll see the Jerry's life. And we'll see the Jerry's life. And we'll see the Jerry's life. And we'll see the Jerry's life. You'll da-may. We'll just hetls! Can't we? �. Roll louder, dabah. Pierrot, car. Scourney jersey. Get out of the Box, ma'am. Go right now! Go right now, aide. You're an assnar. He heard what he liked of the jack button. Samford,wood, and I没. I don't know where to be. Nobody will vote first. Join me on… Stop you Comics and talk half way! I'm Vanderb herkes and he has no life. and and smell 1033 27 before 11 and 560 WQA in order to say common shred with the that's have played so far today Jerry Lewis all these oh gold all these all these I love them anyway it's a Friday it's a holiday today I was we tried to figure that out this morning for was reading holiday and it tomorrow's the holiday but today's a day off for just about everybody so we'll see it by I'm a same day president for promised a new by partisan Washington and began efforts to get to as most controversial decisions approved before the democratic over congress he's trying to shove this crap through their before it's too late yesterday he submitted the nomination of John Bolton as US ambassador that we've all been john Bolton to the UN and say we'd like to move forward on legislation to authorize the national security agencies domestic surveillance program these spy on you guys program we're said we'd like to see action on both issues before the years end the democratic control congress of course takes over in January some republicans are also against the bold nomination by the way republican senator Lincoln chief he was defeated in this week's election city would block Bolton's nomination along with the democrats democrats complain that Bolton gave the senate false information when he failed to know on a question there that he had been questioned by the department's inspector general as part of a joint inquiry by the state department and the CIA in the allegations that are represented to obtain the uranium from the year in Africa the state department formally ignores the air in Bolton statement also senator George voignovich republican of Ohio took the floor and riddles to complaints by Bolton's subordinates who said he had a reputation of bullying his colleagues taking facts out of context and exaggerating intelligence he's a crazy person with a bizarre mustache no no no no he looks like mr. z whatever that guy's name is what's the guy's name from dam or crisis doctor z oh that is that his name doctor z we do we have a bit about doctor z i'm sure we did it look at we got somebody doctor we got doctor afil we got doctor shows i don't see doctor z well anyway who cares for democratic senator Joe Biden is said to become the foreign relations committee chairman and control the agenda in January i see no point in considering this to bold nomination again on the foreign relations committee said because regardless of what happens there he is unlikely to be considered by the full senate unlikely the president also yesterday outlined some other issues he'd like to see congress of the first before years and it had lunch with the likely new speaker representative Nancy Pelosi of california among those issues of the terrorist of rson sex of 2006 by partisan energy legislation trade legislation federal spending bill agreement with india on a civilian nuclear technology yeah black around the little bit that that's the kind of stuff that we found in the air little slapping the terrorist of a little sex is likely to face stiff opposition in the senate house as both parties of previously criticized the major as unconstitutional the legislation was authorized the NSA to leave drop on phone calls between people in the west and suspected terrorist overseas which means anybody to decide you know they can do whatever it really works that's right fascism in motion boy and of course they they're trying to like us support all this stuff through there before the democrats come in january put the breaks on it put the old breaks signed the breaks on baby slamming seven hundred thirty five votes in that pool i'm gonna take some of the women's well sign off right now but we look at this thing how many of your friends and were family have uh... listen to kneel a few two eighty six zero one eighty eight almost none one seventy four two put zero and almost none together and you got almost half we hit your friends and family had a lot that those yeah to them like i said most of them thirty three some seventeen all of them fifteen you're likely to be a i hate this full twelve only one point six percent only my enemies listen to only my enemies listen that's like a good county man good and what does that really mean economy it's a huge word for in a uh... and i still think that people in my family used to make some of these words up on the field of such a thing is common and this county frances and this county chung yeah i wonder where she sticks the old she if any way long make it our mass intrusive speaking of that the only state where same-sex marriage is legal that would what appeared to be a fatal blow yesterday to a way proposed constitutional amendment to ban it a fatal blow in a four-year strategic maneuvering supporters of the same-sex marriage man supersway enough like this by this to vote to recess a constitutional convention till the afternoon in january second the last day of the legislative session on that day lawmakers and advocates on both sides that appear like the legislature would adjourn without voting on the measure which of course would kill it they would kill it just like that says greenberg kill it for all intents and purposes that made his end is represented by our rushing a boss and democrat and the ass system injury leader but members are expecting is that the majority of constituents are sent constituents are going to say thank you were glad so we think it's been this question of in other words get the monkey off their back they don't want to be have their feet put to the fire all those other stupid as clean shades put your feet to the fire the measure have been expected by both sides to gain easily the fifty votes are quite from the 200 legislators as the first that for making same-sex marriages illegal christ mill present the Massachusetts family instur was sponsored the amendment called the recess voted travesty and waving a copy of the state constitution said legislatively and just said that it's irrelevant the constitution as whether the fight was over mr. meno said we're assessing the situation up your a sweetheart government not around me republican will pose the same says meristive the vote was a triumph of arrogance over democracy he said it would explore any alternatives to try to force about but his options are limited peace folksman error firms from said the fact that they put this off to the end of the year makes it easier for them to adjourn if they were giving consideration i think they would have recessed until tomorrow maybe Monday or two the next week the action on Thursday came two days after massachusetts voted deval al-patrick the same-sex marriage supporter as the states first democratic government are in 16 years democrats were also elected all the state what offices living the states republican party in shambles there are in shambles baby and massachusetts they're falling apart they're crumbling at the scene just like said greenberg where were you who is he is he still alive and he around where were the doors he to coach uh... now he's the coach at Virginia tech well that that says a lot guy with the name of set screenberg and virginia tech what about the go ahead and think about that anyway the bottom line is very co-care these on a way up but again said greenberg's a basketball court's not football coach so in instead of bringing in said greenberg which are football team all the probably could do this as well as all area in a area of loser baby people hate to the women's been on the best part of it the person the people in the stands that were spitting off and they're really spitting at larry they just can't put your close enough they just had bad aim seven forty seven on the pool they were sent in the upper deck on a seven forty seven you know way up there on top no pretty exciting although the food uh... it's over price and still so the i can't do it watch watch with you the question was hokey and now a few waste minutes with andy rooney i had to go grocery shopping the other day and i realize something when i was at the store people look different from each other i always kind of thought that they look the same but they don't as i stole it around in my little card i couldn't believe the differences walking down the bread aisle i noticed this woman's hair was different than this woman's this man had eyes that were sort of blue while this man had eyes that were brown this little boy with a lolly pop had big ears and this one didn't as i parlayed down the bread aisle i also noticed two women who had different size chests i could sort of tell they were getting mad at me for filming their final area when i finally got to the car and put the groceries in i realized that people do in fact look different from each other and then i realized something else i was breathing air i guess i'll have to figure out why that is when i have some extra time two parts time on your hands in the i sound was though 1046 at five 60 WCM he was on with the chemist i was not with her this is better on the hunt back yeah and one of his panels here about 800 people on their all uh... what's his name found he would who created the 60 minutes all these uh... cbs people i talking about and Bradley in other god with the arena that guy some number six he's also sent a poll guess why google john uh... set greenberg very good and she gave me a clue when i played what's the obsession with hokey set greenberg recently completed the third season and said coach of the hokey's what he's got a fat head in his ball i wonder right as first season got a virginia take the new heights in his quest to establish its place among colleges basketball say leave and then the second season the team is a basket of accomplishments of the first year had a like that for a pop piece of his only virginia take uh... website greenberg with a team that's effort numerous on four tragedies with his consistent guidance enable the team to leave off court problems out of the game and focus on each contest the hokey's finished the season 14 and 16 wow and made a competitive force in best confidence in the nation fourteen and sixty and holy mold that's only two games under five hundred man is that good or what what goes on about this and that but it would be put above about a lot of meals for hang out goldberg or greenberg or sportsburg whatever remember doctor schwarzman you know what we'll be that was in no no doctor schwarzman that the honey to all that doctor yeah he was all the stuff is called that uh... and right when it was a doctor schwarzman with the stuff is called was that the doctor in uh... record for a dream i guess what's not that is that is that is what basically that's all he did remember yes he was sitting there and you know i had to get this to give another prescription header up her half of all half up on pills man doctor schwarzman pay for the whole half of the bill especially all people i said or go for she said it said for a bird gold far greenberg whoever said it's a go issue about man everybody's due on she didn't say that think she said it says shard's about over the city of both and the full will make a thousand they were the germ's life should not and spread and we'll get a few people reading those uh... bedtime stories go check them again please if you would or not i mean you know who now might have said it what to do but i mean we have a lot of people like to read those stories on the website early in of course they were under the line for the because dry shard issues with his uh... instrument last night it wasn't functioning american and a raki officials decided they for giving a rags forces responsibility for security cross the country under a penalty presented the u.n security cancel next month the raki government would assume authority from coalition troops by the end of next year only hours after her mom during run so well returns to the u.s. defense secretary american british and a raki official spoke openly about it suddenly hand over prices here he goes all yours here's the key to the kingdom will see and just before we need to course one last attempt to look at long two of those all fields but didn't work out to well remember that was going to pay for the whole deal that's right or raki oil was going to cover all the costs instead of us been in trillion dollars out of its back makes its own gravy bagged and made clear that it would use the democratic victory congressional midterm lessons to push bushwork and sessions confidence of aray al malaki the raki prime minister said that they hope to see would make bush more open to ideas than the previously rejected high ever market record back at the foreign secretary sought to play down the impact of both of republican midterm american law system this missile of airmind during run spell he said it was unlikely there'd be a major upheaval of u.s. policy in i.r. in a speech to the world u.s. services institute think thanks he said we will leave when they are confident they can take the role of security in the country on their own shoulders the raki is those who do raki's all sides said that rams told the parts of right and opportunity to send a clear time table for a drawing all foreign horses a new tone was said by bush he said that it was open to ideas that would help the west of a team at schools of defeating the terrorist and ensuring that a restemocratic government succeeded the planning drawn up and back then with Washington for the state so one year extension of the land made for foreign forces in a rack but also states that by the summer 2007 this over a year from now security in the country's 18 provinces apart from the most violent behind over the raki army and police u.s. British troops would play support role and then they say hey we'll see here's the keys still get yourself locked out seven hundred and seventy three votes on the pool we tried desperately to see if we still have an audience in the midst of q.m. drowning like the Titanic that's what your belt was already launched yesterday but any ideas for what we can do because current is killed no so nobody said yeah something like that so currents and joists between the two raki's yesterday chair the resignation of the pensor to the rumsfeld blaming him for policy figures and scandals they say helps fund the daily secretary and carnage racking their nation carnage baby murder and bloodshed lunacy rumsfield's resignation shows the scale of the messy u.s. is made in a raksit ebraham alie 44 there's an alie guy who works at the oil ministry the efforts by american politicians are high their figure and no longer working rars government is yet to come and rumsfeld resignation promised or malieke is in recent weeks ruin increasingly critical of u.s. policies and push for his government to assume more responsibility for security from u.s. lord coalition forces many impact that today's fight changes new us approach and the rumsfeld expected replacement former c.i. director Robert Gates or about him later by the way he's also very suspect and may not even get confirmed when he comes right down to suspect at best here's a story that people seem to be reading on our websites but judges are late and so that and he apologizes again by the way very sorry and i'll never do it again until he feels like it basically what he said was he'll put him on there when he's been ready is that what you said when he's been ready that's right computers working if he ain't busy dittler around with some hot the russian chick if he's not out there getting drunk in a put a month or otherwise uh it off his hands finished wave on president u.s. chavez slammed the sottom who's saying definitely instead of his u.s. president George bush who should be sentenced to death if sent singers to be done said chavez in caracus earlier this week the first one to be given the most of your sentence time it has to offer should be the president of the u.s. if we're talking about denicidal presence they here will report the yesterday the last is been his way of a leader is often criticized the book administration for his work for its an american i've been and for allegedly trying to overthrow his own administration vinahto wala chavez called bush to devil in subtenre while addressing the way general assembly in the european devil the devil's in the details it ever made me do it it's a probably never said said about the devil made him go when i play in that bit though because not oldy great it's all these Friday because it's better in days of holiday don't forget to join him bow camp for the saffrono noon to one at the charrabe looking down past street disease is being on paramed by stop by to win all kinds of crappy qn prices but really to enjoy the great food of charrabe and sell my charrabe's 30th anniversary about turn man with big can bow camp or both universe stood next to him to make you feel like a midi or the war few noon to one of the uh... pines charrabe today with bowl and show and whatever else can be a speaking of what i just said president bush's picked to be placed from a spell with former c i director rubber cases in odd one considering it's all certain to be by festering questions about the bush administration's handling our pre-war intelligence and a red gates is one of those long time watching and inside or whose name is not likely to be built outside of the beltway but he's long been a major player in republican national security circles first is a Russian specialist on president fords white house national security council in seventy four then eventually at the c i a or he held a handful of senior positions before being tapped to be chief by the first bush uh... h w uh... walker whatever in nineteen ninety nine one nineteen nine one ninety one c i'm not renal of what causes a holiday in quite frankly we're just uh... we're just fun in the end of the day okay right we're just slide now way through be like working on thanksgiving they would share were not none of us and the first time you've been out of the post or was first dose of trouble in the spotlight says and early eighty seven is rule in the so called around counter a fairer secret one house operation to sell weapons to medical islamic array and exchange for the release of your cash for c i a back rebels in nica la came under scrutiny against with your nomination in the face of sure rejection back then then in the his nine during his ninety one nomination hearings to run the c i a gates ready to a bus stop testimony from a former agency aimless to say that during the eighties gates had skewed intelligence to fit the convictions of senior rig and administration official that surveyed agents had conducted a plan to assassinate the pope and we're all in encouraging marches for evolutionary groups to carry out terrorist attacks both the research not to be wrong according to careland McGiffard ectol who hidden c missi a endless decided to test investigating the theory by musk obost of its backing for such revolutionary groups is the answer on a farce p l o which was fighting his views like a patient Palestinian territory and the African national congress side by else in mandela and private areas have not been engaged in terrorism act also but gates then ahead of c i an analysis was dissatisfied with her draft act also and help you write it with an angle to suggest greater Soviet support for terrorist and other these are other liar and a phony and others stooly of the abush crowd i like that that's not really reassuring the crowd a major change now not at her mungering rungs tell is step to side and the republicans are really up and arms about that too the fact that bush alive last week and said that over his dead body were gay i would uh... bush or cheney i would uh... from silver cheney be gone that they would be there for the end of his term and then over some of the day after the election and said all by the way died on a year done by by donny because they're thinking that if he would have done it you know there to be 40 election that might have like you know given them a lot of fine thank god he didn't you know given him a little bit of impetus like that the macacoids for example in virginia for a like we told you and we tell me yesterday that on ms and we see with sand and he was going to what conceit of three o'clock yesterday what are you doing to be a clock yesterday i don't know conceited with he is he's conceited five judges of the show now he runs with a boss oh yeah you know what was everything uh... what was this lunch at the sizzler in Hollywood wait and long-await steak outside you better get a right mr. i bet you're crossed the boss of pretty penny and i also but you put it on the damn expensive cash or hopes up well listen anybody would actually buy you lunch i know position the guy like him i'm a man in his position is going to dig deep into his own pockets and buy you lunch i doubt that we too seven hundred ninety two most on the pool as we try to determine if there's an audience out there what's the story uh... it's a pool you know something different how many of your friends and or family listen to the new roger show seven ninety two a few of them three hundred and six zero one ninety six none of them why do you better get some new friends and family almost none of them one ninety three most thirty eight see the big difference there most roomly thirty eight back in the day everybody listen to the show back in the way when the show is like fun and we had to have a set of me sitting here reading crap for four hours of it but you know what to bet we still get paid right it's we do pretty good scams most thirty eight some nineteen that was your desire to put some on their who they are three to do well all of them seventeen all of them that's the kind of family we like i hit this totally twelve one and a half percent and only my enemies listen only eleven of these things of the best challenge to the basis of the real roger sports video five sixty you a this is the real roger show one this is your friend go go go go go question other stations give you money other stations give you car but when times are tough of this they can give you a count because this station is going to give you a job in ready this station on job is how you morning just happy morning cry right we're going to charge our morning guy out on this he doesn't even know he's not even listening we told you to play this for a while and he played it's like a mora for a he's lost his year did just be and when you hear this car who think of and come on day morning you are on yeah winner listen all the responsibility of morning drivers and now they add a substantially with salary in addition to responsive the reviews of all janitorial clerical and maintenance staff okay who's on you are he's he's so I'm going to blow just to this way the soldier just everything abruptly ended that was not good eight hundred ten votes on the pool that's uh okay it's not great I'm telling what else is in good and I forgot to do this in the beginning of the show two US soldiers and a marine worker in the rank few esc military said today bringing the number of Americans who died in the country so far this month and then he's only the ten to the month by the way to twenty three that is bloody last month so far but we got a long way to go that's a bad news about that very bad democrats are set to subpoena the new majority is expected old hearings i military spending in the rank war just for starters is the ale times heavy like that good all the hearings all the time let's drag their ass in there let's drag him through it all these criminals all these butchers these murderers these liars i'm hearing that these derelicts representative ice-skill knows what he'll do in one of his first acts is generally arm services committee uh huh and the democratic web house resurrected some committee on oversight and investigations the panel was suspended by the republicans after they won control congress in ninety four now scald and democratic is really intense uses a forum to probe pedigons spending and the bush administration's conduct of the rack war it's been twelve years since democrats were in control both the house and the senate but they're looking to make up for laws time and some cases make the bush administration and his business allies sweat sweat their asses off they're going to be sweat the legal leaves that's what we're playing the way by the way all these like that they're saying really no not that one oh i said like that nothing's like that one was control of every committee in counter-starting in january the new majority will inherit broad powers to subpoena and investigate and that's expected to translate into wide ranging and contentious hearings good stick it to a man the agenda's likely to be dominated by the rack war but could also include provisently bush administration's warrantless surveillance environmental policies and new prescription drug program for seniors industry such as o'er companies could also come under closer scrutiny the american people send a clear message that they don't want to represent congress that simply signs off on the presence agenda to represent the john khan years of michigan who's in line to become chairman of the house in the city sheer he's going to give them real source man instead they voted for a new direction for murky said in the real check and bounce against governmental overreaching the press say that that sort of screw these been noticeably absent over last six years democrat accused republicans of being complicit as bushers of the nation to an unwindable war in the dot to economic policies that favor the rich and big business a lot of surprise that republican president would figure big business uh what did i say a lot of time ago never in all of the court before those looks in the senate unless you're either very very rich or a religious not or both of the above which it's certainly possible unless a you can't possibly vote for bush remember i said that yeah you did what you know but a lot of slupper's did under republican control congress did to be in a baseball player to discuss their word used in similar in the street executives to justify record profit of time of high gasoline prices and i was that was very important for what's going on in the world is uh uh subpoena was baseball players so that irian or sanitana consider and say al rafi is such a wonderful credit to our community and how they don't do it again and has any i'm doing your people man it's just uh it's very sad what we have to be where we have an american people will be where he others a subpoena bizarre here on capital hill and the government find bestigation uh by democrats and kibbin madman they're supposed to be a leader john bainer a real bonehead but even some scholarly uh folks say recently's you know for a sense been like folks yeah like bush all we says uh about the evil there's what we have to find these folks uh the folks kind of he's kind of a folks you got you know this could be remembered as a historically unique period in which administration got immediately from congress to engage in areas with impunity so it's all steeper university of all of our law professor and former house council their leader nancy policy democrats also rules some investigations out of bounds congress is what it's all about the ground to impeach bush but policy said that will not happen and even how many deans is that they can have we're going to get to that i think that's it that they should be plotting on every now like on family who you know when they all get uh that an easing you know a hunter around here but uh that's what they're just talking and planning that's what they are doing is impeachment areas right now thousands and thousands of dead people almost 3000 dead americans and uh allies countries of the nations of the willing like as a by John and uh 150 to 1000 or more dead Iraqis and this this butcher and we've got to do it all based on a pack of lies and i'll tell you what's the other drag in there's that sell out freaking coal and probably drag his damn ass in there too that's right holding up that vile without a file performance in early you went and uh sardom was saying yeah sardom was saying he's got okay a bad beard and a mustache your mama and a hundred twenty votes and a poll i just keep posted and once we get to a thousand i'm going to get off of that because they don't like that i got it you got one that you're going to get off of that i'll get off of it i've only got until the end of the show what's what's the point it's not the kind of a poll it's not like uh an opinion poll is just uh yeah sir babe like how long is your middle finger very long short you know like that here take a look at this one it's going to be a little bit more in doubt a com to that he moment right so we're in the queen in the or times poppy bush and James Baker gave suddenly the president see to play with any brokits and i'll be taking it back they're dragging w away from those reckless order guys have been such a bad influence and getting some new mind is where a lot more practical and i see that might be called murder on the over express rummy turned up dead with so many nags and that's impossible to say you actually finished off the old man build his washman's most skill in fire poppy sco-croff maker lor cony the silver fox retires generals serving generals scoots you generals truthfully turned to a record the mc time about a decent strategy democrat republicans do you leave her man question mark the defense chief got hung out to grab before saw him got hung the president and carl row of underrested me in the public hunger for change or overestimate the world of a fed up base did not ice rummy and time to say the sender from teetering democratic but once the men's to eatlessly done by the republican majority as well as the middle east the lannica lion's and the u.s army then bush ain't the family firm that sense the presidency for w in two thousand had a step in two trusted members of the bush 41 more council mr. Baker and Robert gates have been dispatched to disbanded in quenju and a extricate him from the mother of all messes mr. gates already on baker's how do we get some out of deep dodo in a rack study group left you're protecting 41 papers a text to say and and to return to washman pride the singers of pop his old men's is rummy off the pentagon they had a ring in someone from the old gang said someone from the old gang this has to make junior uneasy with bob the doors open again 41 and baker and brunt w had no choice but to make an edifled you turn he could let Nancy Pelosi's a team of the cranky rummy for hearings on a rack he's not exactly mr. chairman mr. truthful and he'd be on TV saying something stupid said a bush 41 official bob can just go up to the hill and say I don't know hours never that happened bob gates is friends say had been worried about the religion arrogant ideological style of rummy and chanie from the start he credit the way w is so called for impolicy dream team including his old staff and fellow survey expert condy made it up as they went along even though that had been there complaint about the Clinton foreign policy team a real policy advocate like his mentor general scroll crop it was critical of a linear moralizing style that the state nuance demoted diplomacy and inflated villains in 2004 he publicly questioned the administration approach to Iran. While vice-man after a court of the look as wounds w was forced to do his best to imitate his dad yesterday talking about by partisan outreach people have spoken bob bob bob bob after the not on the trail saying that it like in democrats would mean that the terrorist to win in america loses. I share a large part of responsibility for the thump of republicans he told reporters actually he gets full responsibility w stop talking about democracy is a standard success in a rack yesterday he said that a rack had to sell to the state itself and defend itself. He was asked if his a private election result he was out of touch with the americans I thought what was all said and done he replied the american people would understand the importance of taxes and the importance of security. So was just that the american people were two down to understand w also managed to bash me at non-veterence saying that this war is in simmer because there's a volunteer army so the troops understand the consequences of a rack in the global war on tear. Is that why w state out of the economy because he understood it. And action rummy was also condescending dreams on comfortable tambla with w and bob dates in the ove office and plumbly was done because americans just didn't comprehend what was going on in a rack. Actually rummy we get it you don't get it. Baker is no fool of bush 41 official said he was going to go out there with a plan for a rack and have rummy shoot it down he wanted a receptive audience. Everyone had to be on the same page before the plan is unveiled they don't call him the velvet hammer for nothing our IP rummy say scoring dot. And he like that said green bird you go so that you're not in smoke and right up there on your ball spot you still it goes you. So when's bush's i was coming back to you when I was not forgotten about it I think. Is he doing I heard the mum and he does. I thought I'm almost something about that this morning by bush died was he's coming back really are who man really are who he puts the red and red neck which died. 835 was in a pool like I said I'll get off it once we get to a thousand see better half on everything and I'll just forget about. Right is that the way to do it tell what the pool is and encourage him to vote and then just go about it right. So big is me. Thanks for that. Thank you. One I was just a complete boss. Really tell me what he's brain. The. With shot. I was supposed to be Mr. every man who comments like you and I were if we're watching games and let me remind everybody once again television is for pretty people. All R. I. T. B. And that's why you're. It's. It's. It's. I know we're going. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Next. Yeah. It's. It's. It's. Okay. of votes in setting a new state law that gives her broad authority to inspect any election records, machines or premises. He was no Brady Quinn, though. I'll tell you that. Brady Quinn makes my knees buckle. Then his ass comes off as to observe the recount examining their public and the firm Buchanan's 300 and 68 vote leave over Democrat Christy in Jennings. Regardless of the recount result, the case will likely end up in court of a line of ramifications, not just in Congress but all throughout Florida. Activists groups from several so-called state county, voice concerns over these soulless and accuracy of the ATM cell, touch green voting machines and use and for the process of reviewing votes. The machine's manufacturer, election systems and software and election officials say they equipment works well when it's properly maintained and used. But Jennings lawyer, Kendall Coffee, who never met a camera he didn't like, said he isn't so sure in that his client draws only a little comfort from Congress decision to become in the hall. I don't think any of us would be satisfied with having we have been due to the verification because, honestly, the government appears to be part of the problem here in May or May, not be part of the solution said Coffee, who represented Democrat Algor's failed recount challenge and the disputed 2000 presidential election. Heck of a job, Kendall. Heck of a job. Though cops office said it will conduct an audit, they spoke to him and said it has no handbook or plan on the office for the task. Governor Jeff Bush, your fan asked Governor Repointed Com, said he was concerned with the under votes. That anomaly seems unusually said, kind of like the Gems to win his whole family, unusual. Dan who declined to comment yesterday said earlier she looked forward to a recount and also that her brother did use to have really good. But she had earlier dismissed what she called the anecdotal voter complaints about the under votes which span every demographic and serrassora. We do not have any comment failure, Dan said Coffee said that was in a stated denial for suggesting that the under vote was either the result of voter error or voters choosing not to vote because it returned off by the nasty race to replace the anxious cats and herers the former secretary state who presented over the 2000 debacle. There is a wrinkle with recounts on touch screens that says the machines are essentially asked to verify themselves and computer coding problems were discovered with the audit log a central component of recounts in ivo-trained machines voting machines in a 2000 review after date municipal election. That bug is an expert described it with fixed set, the SNS folks woman who stressed that the machines voting counting abilities have consistently proved accurate. The bug facing in the hands of the sound to all of our ivo-trained counties including Brown and Sarasota. So what time is Doug showed up with your food guys? He'd like to be here by 130. He'd like to be there by 130 might have to make a stop for two on a way. One might be some hot hitchhikers after I'm diskind bullet of art. Oh he'd got to be coming up diskind bullet of art. He's not in the date county for Christ's sake. Right after in Pembro of Pines. He's just after a road of peace. Right. If he didn't even swing on over to 441, kind of straight down 40, 40, want to be there in two shakes of the line still, right? Two shakes of the tongue. How about how you come to work? I come from the other direction living east as I do these days. Oh, 95. You come down 95? Sure. Woo! Well, there's a man who lives dangerously. Well, there are only other dangerous options. Well, let's see, I guess I can submit to him this thing about Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, and Charles. Thanks to Charles for the food that's coming for the guys by the way. Thanks to Duffer, giving their appetites all whipped up for ice cream. But now you've got some work for it. So, he's next Friday, the 17th. That's right. Like you said, there's a silver lining in every type of ice cream man. Duff some men. You're so easy, man. You're so, you're so, you're so, you're, the hell he didn't. He's a, what? Like an old guy, an air in the trailer park. He's a pucy. He sure is, how is? I think that's his middle name. But, 1943 rose senate pool for those who are upset that I'm not giving you, you know, updates, you scroll the audience, you know, you keep giving them updates and keep it. Go look on somebody's computer. Okay, go look at a window somewhere. Go to one of those, I don't even know if they have many were there, you know what? Those, computer adjoins. Oh, the cyber cafe is, yeah. It's still down. I mean, in like in real cities, I mean, we got him here and he's certainly got him all over Europe. Yeah, we got to have internet cafe. Go to nowhere they are. What's wrong? Who the hell would? They're self-included. So the town cannot be cut off guard. We're not starting to be international, like a true citizen, so we're still interested in the city of Radamol. No, right, right, you know, little Italian owner. Man, I speak two or three words. The feast is so essential. It's the basis for your rockers. We would have just got around. The one I'm not going to talk about, if you take a slap in all the women with paint in lips, I ran the pole. I listened to the new Rogers one or two. Yeah, I mean, I don't sense any other Rogers air and balanced one to two hours. We were, we were, we were, we were. Tonight on Bravo, it's inside the actor's bathroom with host James Witton. I'm here in the bathroom adjacent to the master bedroom in the Beverly Hills mansion of legendary film actor, Chen Nicholson. So I am on it. Yeah, yeah, whatever. You don't mind that little busy here. Hey, I understand, 12 hours ago you enjoyed the lissist dinner, rip I stay with Sao Phea.in, sent a french fries. Tell me, this is a chat, because whatever became of that enchanting of all three, well let me stand up here and I'll show you. There, you see, singly and grossing. Now why don't you get the, how do you say? Like it is now, I don't have to ask your favorite person and be sure to tune in next week. We change the lift and visit the downstairs half bath of a claimed actress, Jodie Foster. Well, this phone's for that, so even bigger pieces of crap than that, right? Just say you mentioned on inside the actor's bathroom. After lecture. After lecture. She just makes me ill. It's one of one of five, six, you double the QM saw. Look for a winch, sure, is on here among the many attractions in Marshall, Michigan. I can't find it. Well, I started to try to be before when you gave me the exciting news about charhadas. I'm going to make up for the fact that does skewed you over today. That, that, that TUC. Was the fact that when Schubert is like, I'm Thanksgiving day, or I guess any day, when they had Turkey and stuffing an oldio, you could get seconds for free. Being the pig that I was back here today. But I was 1965, I believe, Marshall Michigan WMRR. Woo. Aliens could attack any time warms for warrants for military defense chief in Britain. What was Britsa really a panic? I think he's not talking about illegally, he's like your Mexicans. He's talking about from out of this world, baby. UFO sightings and alien visitors tend to be so either reserve of sci-fi movies. It says so when a former ministry of defense chief warrants that the country could be attacked by extra charrists, you'll say anytime, you may be forgiven for feeding a little bit alarm, that's in. Oh my God. During his time as head of the Ministry of Defense UFO Project, Nick Pope was persuaded into believing that other life forms may visitors and more specifically Britain. I think the already have been there. You see a lot of the Britsa you're positive the ship is already landed. It's first like Prince Charles for example, but it was a mystery spot here, you know? It's concerned that highly credible sightings are simply dismissed and he complains that the project he once ran is now virtually closed down, leaving the country wide open the aliens. Mr. Pope decided to speak out about his wars after resigning from his post at the director of defense security at the Ministry of Defense this week. The consequences of getting this one wrong could be huge. He said, huge. If you reported to UFO sightings, now I'm absolutely sure you just could back a standard letter telling you not to worry. Frankly, we are wide open. If something does not behave like a conventional aircraft now, it'll be ignored. The espouse has been closed down. If these words have come from a sci-fi-fifonatic, it could be easily dismissed by cynics. Thus, Mr. Pope's CV, he was heavily UFO-private between 1991 and 1994, cannot be ignored. When he began his job, he took a skeptical about UFOs, but access to classifier files on the subject and investigation of a series of spectacular UFO sightings gradually changed his mind. I wonder if Mr. Pope knows our bell. You think, would that be swell? That would be. Mr. Pope says there's no evidence of hostile and tending insistent cannot be ruled out. Boy, sorry, it's the good thing I'm not there, boy, his outlaw of charhine. They're great. Especially the sausage man, sausage with onion and cheese. There is going to be the potential for that. And one is left with the uneasy feeling that if it turned out to be so, there's a great little we could do about it. He said, if you believe these things are extraterrestrial aircraft, you cannot rule out what is happening in some kind of covert reconnaissance. They're out there, man. There's fine on us. They're looking. The feeling is out. One incident which persuaded him of the existence of alien life forms was in 1993. There were reports of a vast triangular-shaped craft spotifying over RAF faces in the West Midlands. Most of the witnesses were police military personalities, and hundreds of members of the public also had sightings over a period of several hours. And another incident in 1980 to RAF faces in suffice, staff domesticated, suspected plane crash, after bright lights were reported coming from the nearby woods. They're in the woods, baby. They found a kind of lunar landing module standing on three legs which then flew off. The intense of left in the ground, the intense, or shall I let that whistle on these bursts. The intense of left in the ground were found women at ten times the normal halt of radiation. Mr. Pope said, these sorts of incidents are wagats are frustrated. In my time I would be the more interesting sightings up to China, command the people like the chief of Air Staff, and we'll get the answer back that it was very interesting. And I clearly done a good job investigating. And that was it. Like you're lunch yesterday, you know. That would have you invented a little bit, and that was it. Yeah. Right? Right. And clearance is still calling the shots. Enjoy. Everyone is a piece of a possible number of no one takes it seriously. It needs to be more resources and people who are prepared to look at past the full of sabbathical issues, look at the reports investigating the proper, I can't even read this on so-called time-tie, about these UF-Os. Well, they believe these things are for an Air Force and testing prototype aircraft. But I believe there is something more exotic with the speeds and movements they're capable of. It's technology we would very much like to get hold of you said. Okay, hold a seven-and-critish mower space. A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense insisted that all UF-Os settings were investigated for evidence to suggest that UK air space has been compromised by hostile or not-horrised erectivity. If you said unless they're such evidence, the Ministry of Defense doesn't attempt a positive light identify what was seen. What we've seen. Mr. Pope is continuing as UF-O research in a private capacity since leaving the Ministry of Defense and as recognizes a leading authority on UF-Os in the unexpected. He's written four science fiction books, drawing on his experience that the Ministry of Defense and let's use around the world on the subject. He's appeared on BBC News night and radio-a-force TVA today program and is active as a consultant in the UF-O TV documentary. It sounds to me like he's all whipped up. All whipped up in no place to go. I was in 51 votes on the pool. I think it was just yesterday, maybe it was Wednesday, who did I almost? I can't keep track. The Red Nautical of Cities, really, is not going to attack the Iran-Zootware program over there? Right? Volkis White. The Deputy Defense Minister suggested in comments published today that Israel might be forced to launch a military strike against Iran's nuclear program. They've clear a statement yet as such a possibility for a high ranking official. He's really rank. I'm not advocating him as really printed military ass against Iran and I'm aware of its possible repercussions deputed defense minister, and for him SNF. F. F. A former general photojournalist post. I consider it a last resort, but even the last resort is sometimes the only resort. States comments, I was a nice, nice, fnure. His comments didn't necessarily reflect the view of Israel's government or Prime Minister A. A. Houd Omar said government spokesman Mirri Eisen. I wonder if I, I wonder if she's kind to Mr. Eisen? Israel sees Iran as the greatest alabats that we've got then. The Eisen oil? While spending the remainder of your golden years. Mr. Eisen might have to play that. Israel sees Iran as the greatest threat to its survival. Hardline Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has frequently called Brazil's destruction. I'm not an idiot. Israel crippled Iraq's atomic program 25 years ago when the terrorist strike on its unfinished nuclear reactor, experts say Iran has learned from Iraq's mistakes, scattering its nuclear facilities and building some underground. They got him covered up, you know, sometimes if you don't want people to get to your goods, you've got to cover them up. That's right. States talk as the boldest to be by any high ranking Israeli official. Others really leave us frequently discussed the Iranian threatening, grave terms, but South sure the threatening military action. But if we could have moved to that level, case around, what ever is going to be, we'll be. It's like that rotists invasion of Lisbonne. Just when they started to put their aircraft back together again and started to get a few tourists and certain things, any life ain't so bad. And guess what? Surprise. Here comes those crazy Israelis again, led of course by Bush and Condemliza. Now, there is a picture like that. I'd like to see her as in peace. Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean, the former presidential candidate, who was once in danger, being remembered for an angry scream, has come for a peaceful circle. In fact, maybe he's even sharpened a circle. Okay. The ins crazy strategy of rebuilding the Democratic Party across all states helped that Democrats achieve successes they captured Congress and the Republicans rise to Joe Conneson at salon.com. Only we've said to the Democratic National Committee, Joe's Howard Dean, as it's determined last year, the nasty whispers began to circulate around Washington. And among longtime party donors and activists and cities from New York to LA, right, Wisconsin, he's going to be a disaster they said. He can't raise any money. He doesn't know what he's doing. And what does he mean by this crazy 50-state strategy? Despite his struggles with power brokers in a party who was selected to lead, Dean persevered and is now enjoying vindication far earlier than he ever expected to be article says. What Dean and his organizers created was an environment that allowed insurgents and outliers, as well as the party's chosen challenges, to ride the National Wave of Revolution against conservative rule, Conneson says, face with many more viable challenges than anticipated, the Republicans made mistakes in allocating resources, and we're forced to defend candidates and districts that are easily safe. Conneson says that Dean has reached a peaceful accommodation with his party adversaries and promoted by his popularity among the unruly net roots. The net roots. While the liberal A-Store with the Continuous of the Fifty-State strategy will continue, Dean has, in the meantime, won the argument he initiated in the planning for this year's midterm. There would have been much less for Democrats to celebrate on election night concludes in the end. If Howard Dean hadn't been so crazy and so freaking persistent, give all Halle, and by the way, Barack Obama's demand, just remember I told you that right here on the show, Friday November 10th, on Veterans Day. Barack Obama, right? You're going to tell you that right now, forget about Iraq. Let's get Barack better hidden. Her. Are you sticking on solar again? That's good. Although I will say it again, her performance here in that was, that's what I'm going to say. That's fine. Pretty good for her. Right. So right here, in every of the last challenge for the next Margie in Crusher, we have a plan of 60. A-N. The first year. Look out of the day, it's possible to elect it. It's the best challenge. Again, the new life is that it's just ten years and never cheated. Look out of the day, you're not going to see it, you're going to help. I know she's doing so well for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, Scott Scott, Hillary Clinton, who made Stalker research to fight ain't the best natural challenge. Hillary, Hillary Clinton, who made Stalker research to fight ain't the best natural challenge. You're the kind of date, you're fine with her. She's a great, great, great, great, great, great. And that's fine at Hillary, Hillary Clinton, who made Stalker research to fight ain't the best natural challenge. And even for all the next Hillary Clinton, you're all action. What are we going off in? For Hillary Hillary Clinton, who made Stalker research to fight ain't the best natural challenge. Hillary Hillary, she's our guy, who made Stalker research to fight ain't the best natural challenge. But that's totally cool by me. So vote for Hillary, Hillary Clinton. No, yeah, he ain't girl. I'm 17, you go, guy. Anyway, here's the update on the MSNBC. Polinesis voted on him by the way. You can go to MSNBC's website and go to, and Scrismath is with say, politics. He's a, he sends me in a way, a state of depression to see him on here. But there's no Schneider or whatever he's battling about it. That's the way he's all done. The poll question on MSNBC's poll, and they've got 13,000, and 16,000, and 23 responses. Pretty heavy duty, man. You believe President Bush has actions justify impeachment. On the bottom, I don't know, 1.8%. No, the man is an absolutely nothing wrong. impeachment would just be a political lynching, 7.2%. No, like any president he's made a few mistakes. The nothing approaching high crimes and misdemeanors, 4.4%. Yes, between the secrets defined, the sections leading to war and more, it was pretty justified putting him on trial 87%. How do you like that up for maybe six last time we checked it up? I'm not too impressed. I am 87 freaking%. We got a hundred that we got a thousand, 84 votes in our poll. Could be the last poll we take for a while until the Monday anyway. I think that's a good idea ahead of us. Is your chart hot there yet, by the way? No. Well, this is very sad. In fact, it's working me up when I sat down for lunch. I think I would have to go and get a nice bowl of soup and a cheeseburger. No butter, of course. Okay, that sounds fine. Eight house races remain without winners after Tuesday's license. We will be Republican and comments and tight contest to keep their seats. And state officials not rushing to win this poll. Representative Deborah Price, a member of the House Republican leadership is at a percent of her central Ohio race by 30,306 votes in the Columbus Ohio area. The Columbus Ohio area, less than officials are delaying the count of more than 9,000 Provisional ballots by one day. So it doesn't disrupt a much-ball to the Ohio State Michigan football game on November 18. The elections officials and that district will start counting November 19. Can I read that sentence again? Could it? In the Columbus Ohio area, less than officials are delaying the count of more than 9,000 Provisional ballots by one day. So it doesn't disrupt the much-ball to the Ohio State Michigan football game on November 18. Election officials and that district will start counting November 19. What is counting the votes at the Louis football game? Okay, that's number one and number two right there. Oh, excuse me. I'm writing a new both. Ohio Republican Representative Jean Schmid who called them a credit representative John Martha O'Coward is a hand of her challenger by 20 and 160 two votes. Representative Barbara Cuben, who threatened to slap her wheelchair by the return in the opponent after debate, is ahead by few of them a thousand votes in her Wyoming contest. Of the eight-on-called races only one, Joe Courtney's challenged Republican Representative Rob Simmons at Connecticut gives it a Democratic challenge of the lead. And that race court needs it by a scan 160 six votes, almost a quarter of a million votes were cast. He's head by 166. A Thursday, we count in Heaven, Connecticut gives Simmons one more vote. Reconcerer schedule in 74 other times throughout the weekend. Okay, we counted in the got one more vote. I'll write. In Florida, a week on the set to begin in Representative Canton, Harris's former district, Republican firm, Buchanan, has a 1073 vote lead to third-party or Democrat Christian Jennings, the AP has declared Buchanan the winner. In Georgia, first-year Democratic Representative John Barrel, I wonder who's kind of Henry? Oh, faces a rematch against former or face to rematch against former Republican Representative Max Burns and led by three of them six hundred votes. In Washington, state of County, suburban Seattle district was delayed by heavy flooding, leaving in cover Republican Representative, they've required head of the Challenger, Darcy burner three days after the voting ended. Another races that we may not decide until North Carolina representative Robin Hayes campaign against Larry Kissel, separated by 449 votes by a he's leading Kissel by a bistle. And to Mexico representative Heather Wilson's race for Democrat Patricia Madrid feels about 1600 votes. Mudred. Never been to Spain, have you either one of you? No. I have. I have. I like that. I guess, it's okay. Haven't been to Bartholomevian. Not yet. Madrid was okay. Not great. It's alright. I'm no hope it to speak. One 086 on the poll, we're going to go over 100, 100 without even like after a late start to hold the, you know, and I can't find that poll. I must be dim. Here's the deal. All right. Google, Google MSNBC in PEEC and PEEC and POOL. Can you handle that? That's how I found it. As opposed to just going to be a regular MSNBC website, because I didn't know where to hold the find it on there. Yeah, I was there. MSNBC in, I got it. Google it and the very top one and you click on it and there's the poll. You can vote and you can see the result. You got it. Everybody got a hop on it. Yes. Let's give it up to 90%. Yeah. Cindy, she and Wright sit down for change instead of for PEEC. You go Cindy. But I sure are all over her like it's just unbelievable. She's like a poster child for abuse by the American right wing. Cindy says I haven't met anyone who likes to go to funerals. A 10-year funeral must be one of the last things any of us would ever choose to do. Here in America, we've even more distance from death than we are from birth. Both natural activities have been made abnormal and something that only happens in hospitals. Even though I had my babies at home, I'm totally like the average American who has an version of death in the funerals. So can you imagine the feeling of panic and immeasurable pain when I woke an April 13, 2004 the morning of our son's funeral? Can you imagine how I was feeling when I took a shower that morning? A morning just like every other morning except I was burying my oldest child? Can you imagine the surreal feeling you're putting on a new mother of a hero suit and walking out to the limo that picked us up for the very well-travel trip to our church where I've spent so many happy hours with Casey? My surviving children looks so beautiful and they're funeral clothing and Casey's dead was so handsome and his new black suit. It took all my energy not to throw up. This way, how many more are lacking mothers in America and mothers have had to do so needlessly walk in the same sad shoes that I had to walk in two and a half years ago. So the people who say I should just get over it, the tears are pouring down my face right now we climb that awful April day but also for the family so I have to go to their loved ones funerals because of the clown and chief. Yesterday in this press conference, George said they had been two rodeos before, was he the one in the clown suit diving in the barrel right before the bullgord and in the box? Well, George is dead about country is not a rodeo, it's one long funeral of death and misery and the rodeo clown is presented over the demise of our democracy and the abolishment of our security. American humidity won huge victories, this way of the peace wasn't the victory change was. To have true peace, we need more than rumbo to resign. Congress needs to do its constitutional duty to impeach the rest of the work criminals and remove them from office. Lifesodham, towards Darth Cheney, rumbo, county and the rest of the war needs to be tried for crimes against humanity. Yes, we've won some battles this way but we need to stay on the offensive and work for a true change in peace and anti-policing Harry Reid need to know that we voted and record numbers to bring our troops home. The democratic leadership also needs to know that we stood in the long lines and sometimes in the brain to vote for accountability and justice. We can't rely now that we have the upper hand. When the 110th Congress is sworn in in January, we'll need to be there in the halls of Congress demanding that the people we just elected represent us and not the war machine. Our responsibility is American citizens don't end on election day. Two democracy happens between elections and the time between elections is where the real work gets done. We Americans are a formidable force when we unite and work together and in the past. We've been here and have been responsible for our merit, amazing change in our nation. Let's make history and do it again. So Cindy, she is. Do it again, like by the beach for us. Don't have that, Andy, do it. You know what I think we did that, Timmy Pads, just the other day, do it again. Yeah, I'll talk to you again. 1090, 1990 votes under poll 90, vote on the MSBC poll. Yeah, that's good. See how easy that was, where does it go? See if you can't find it or write up a message, go. Do it again, capital records. I know he's going to chop it off and put it in the start. Okay, good job by me. Okay, let's take a look at that line. I guess you're still out of here. And not that's making difference to me. It's not going to affect my, you know, my god, my colon, my bowels, my, my appetite. My pleasure centers of my brain, you know, all out of the crap. With you guys here, just seems to me that Duff is shining you today. Now he'll be here. Yeah, she'll be there. Remember that scene in Fatsau where he's bringing the Chinese food back? Yeah, but I don't think that's Duff's problem. Does he have a problem? Not to me. 26 pounds one. Don't be knocking that up, my son. Okay, he's about all we got. That's what's been since the get go. Since day one, get one. Since the get go. The Duff might be there for us. Other than that, of course you got your bell. I'll take you out to lunch. Tomorrow he ever did for me. Mm-hmm. Right. By the way, just straight him out on that and tell me, sure, and tell him that he won't be seeing me anytime soon. Yeah, I can even put a period after the word any time. I told him that he said that's too bad, but oh well. Told him why. That you're never going to see Neil. Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Show him the picture is on the wall. See, oh, I should've won a see that up close in person. I'll email you right. You can gallery. Tell me where you're going. Oh, mine, yeah. You have an excellent point. I'm amazing. Yeah, I'm nice to be heard and definitely not to be seen. Some people are born to be seen and you're on that goes. That's right. I'll include some of those old fat pictures too, so they can really get the yard. We're going to have to wait a week. See how it's spelled by and now when I'm before. Although the way you're hot can go into food and the ice cream and everything and they know doubt about it, I'm going to beat in something. Like I said, all the soup and the ice sandwich with bread. Hmm. Maybe the fresher sandwich, the woman like with the extra meats and cheese on it. Stop and think about what I said to be for both the Chinese restaurant and we've thought about that before, about the fact that there's no cheese on it. They don't eat cheese. Well, what about crab-branggoon? Didn't I have some kind of cheese? Green cheese. Green cheese. Crab-branggoon? Yeah. Never had it? No, never even heard of it. It's really good. Top-prab. You got the crabs? It's got cream cheese on it? In it. They're like, you know, it's trying to give her pockets of crab meat, onions and cream cheese. Mmm. That sounds really good. It is. Okay, said maybe I'll get some cheese for lunch. And say cheese. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Ah, it's so nice. It's supposed to be someone named Fu. Fu? Fu? Okay, hold on. Just like, okay. Yeah. Mmm. Hello. How's it? Yeah, hostie game. Huh? Yeah, hello. Hostie game. Huh? Ah, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah? You got the restaurant for sale? Huh? Ah, how much do you want for the store? Well, you can't hear the local and sub to the bar. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Ah, does a job pricing prove all the works? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, sir. It's Chinese. It's Chinese. Okay, it's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... Huh? Yeah. It's a... Okay, how about I get all the two girls who are going to come over and pick it up and look at the store? Okay. Okay. I'll just... Uh... You know... You... You know... You know... You know... I know... Uh... I know... I know... I know... You know... I know... Okay, I'll be right there. Okay. I'll be right there. You know... I'll be right there. I'll be right there. Huh? I'll be right there. I'll be right there. Okay. What's 33? So anyway, you're right. I got a recipe for salmon-ranguun. Okay. I'm not gonna drop you out with your child? No. Don't worry. Well, we'll sound a bell and fire gun off in the air when you go. Alright. Listen, you guys will sit there till midnight if that's what it takes. I'll probably food. So salmon-ranguun, and I'm not gonna be the whole recipe because there's the... Mary Martha Stewart Show, Mary Jones. Uh... Eight ounces of cream cheese, softened. Ooh. I mean, there's nothing wrong with cream cheese, but cream cheese and salmon. Yeah. Cream cheese and salmon kind of jewelry. What do you think of those bagels? Put on all of these salmon, man. You need any of these. You think I eat bagels? Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Yeah. Not the salmon. No, excuse me. It's all good. Anyway, there's an article here because I Google this. Chinese food and cheese. Really. It's good. Of Chinese, uh, Philly steak cheese sandwiches. Hmm. And it says that even though it's, uh, you know, not the, like, really Chinese, it says it consists of a miniature cheese steak inside of a spring roll casing and amazingly the casing was fried in perfection. Neither soggy nor brittle and dried out. It says I rarely order spring rolls because very few restaurants cooked in properly. I had a sacrifice in person to undermine Western taste news of photo of another one. And it like pictures of Philly steak cheese and Chinese, whatever. But they don't use very much Chinese. No, they also do not drink milk. You asking me? Yeah. My eyes look all slanty to you or something. I know they eat dog. That's what I know. What about dog milk? Maybe. Taliban insurgents have fought back against Afghanistan. Can government and Western forces would surprise you intensity this year. Strengthen by drug money. And we believe in a shelter in Pakistan at the top of US officials. I guess today we are doing one heck of a job in Afghanistan, man. We are doing what we can in Afghanistan. Assistant Secretary of State for Central and South Asian Affairs Richard Boschier, Bushay, whatever his name is, said efforts to extend the rule of President Karzaz Government deeper into the provinces that run in tougher than expected. Resistance. As in. Looks like that. As this extension of government goes out, we are challenging those people. They're challenging us back, he told reporters. Anthony Helle fortified US Embassy in Kabul. They're turning Kabul into rubble. I think we've all been surprised by the intensity of the violence of CSC. It's got a number of factors. Part of it is drug money linking up with the insurgency. Part of it is these people. I think we're going to do operate in and out of Pakistan. Oh, but we need to deal with it. In and out of Pakistan. We're doing 3,100 people about a third of them. Savidians have died this year. The bloodiest in the US Armed Forces. Supposedly, out of the Taliban, strict Islamist Government in 2001. Some senior Afghan officials accused Pakistan of continuing to back its former protégé with money, training and other assistance in charge, of course, denied by Islam above because that's huge once they stay alive. I shot Musharraf. 116 votes on the pull. Man, we're over 1100. And I thought I think it's a good time to put that bit. Baby is our archaic couple man, so is appropriate to our place we know. Absolutely. Thueling in the matter of failure. Whispers mute comes up There's one thing we all understand. There's built out into what we vote. Until we blow up Pakistan Oh oh oh oh and the strike. We could Сейчас around forever. With our tanks and all our troops The special forces are so tired Of jumping through the bamboo Ah, you throw me in another place So let's cut out all the nonsense And move the love back to stay Out there need a nuclear tank Why do I have white don't you stop this heat And move the love back to stay All right, move the war The biggest name of self-best challenge To the basis of the erogners Force Radio 560 And the first move All right, move the war back to the war And the war back to the war And the war back to the war And the war back to the war And the war back to the war Because we hate them All something that we know they did not do So shall by a Nazi on your head shot Out there will soon be The first war within the country And I'll let them fly far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far far, far, far, far, far, Layer sound, charging the fountaine line catcher, leaving theement of the stage of the stage, right, far west then piled up, it's reserved to the stage, recordings I'll see if you can see, coming us up, but not there. Well, you sure slow. I mean, you've got good intentions, but boys might say, well, you don't want to eat and while the show is on it, where they would be discussed, that's bad, radio. Now, we would say the bad president. Oh, we already got one. So here's what we're going to be for a Chinese chocolate chip, cheese ball. OK. And you don't want to sit in it? Cheese? Cream cheese. All right. I won't let's tell all about why is it that the Chinese or nearly don't find cheese, I'm most of the items, but they're in the cream cheese. Well, what's the big simmer? Maybe because it's kosher for a pizza. I don't know. I like it from the circle you arrange. I don't get it. What's that always that? Well, you mentioned cheese balls. We don't have a song about cheese balls. But we have this. What's that always that? Oh, you heard it? What? Oh, now I can play this. Oh, OK. All right. Put your salty balls away and cut the crap. One of three teenagers charged with attempting to rob illusion as David Copperfield is he left the performance has pleaded guilty. Terrence Riley 17 was sentenced yesterday, two years in prison for three kinds of robbery with a weapon and one kind of attempted robbery he'll be housed with other inmates on the edges 21. Circuit Judge Edward Garrison also ordered while he attempts to fight against his two codependents his brother Dwayne Riley 18 and Mark Keith Jones 17. Copperfield and two family all assistants were walking from the crab center of their tour bus when they were approached by the teens April 23rd. The assistant tended over money on a cell phone but the illusion is turned his pockets inside after we've been feeling nothing although he was carrying his passport wallet on the cell phone. He said in deposition that he had things on him but he wasn't difficult to make it seem like there was nothing there. Being the illusionist that he used press the dictation. He said the fee is fell for is nothing in my pocket's trick. Terrence was remorseful for what occurred as told the truth about his involvement and would like everything disappear as said as attorney Franklin Prince Prince said Riley hopes to finish high school behind bars. Well, not three. Idiots. If you're gonna rob some major robber magician okay you idiot. That's right. The lesson for all you kids out there might use them. Hocus focus on you. 114 votes on the poll. Death's of Palestine in his ready rate awful U.S. says how do you like that? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. They should have attacked Israel. As a post-ordinary pedestrian deaths. The U.S. said yesterday that the killing of those 18 Palestinians of it in his journey in his really military rate was awful but earth Palestinians against responding with more violence. U.S. Secretary of State Condom Leisure Rice called Palestinian President Mosque moved a bus to a special condolences over the deaths. According to the U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said the U.S. State Department spokesman was a terrible tragedy. It was an awful thing for the family members in the Palestinian people McCormick said before adding that the answer in the response is not more violence, not more rocketed tax. These really military shell houses in the northern Gaza strip Wednesday killing 18 civilians including women and children and response to nearby losses by Palestinian militants of makeshift rockets in Israeli territory. Israel said that the attack was an accident and lost an investigation was an accident somebody got hurt. Rice also spoke in Israeli Prime Minister Olmer who scheduled to meet with U.S. President Bush on Monday at the White House. It's hubm in dirt. Bush issued a written statement to say he was deeply sent by the law of telephonic energy Israeli government to quickly investigate the incident to ensure it cannot happen again. I'll let it happen again. All right. And again. Because both sides is filled with the too many crazy people. That's what it's all about. It's the Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews and the Schmattaheds and the Al-Bhishmattah. It all depends on the higgyer man. You're wearing your tiffolin and they're going to start the killing. The killing sparked outrage in the Palestinian interintoration made fears that violence could escalate. Pals city military have threatened to when the ceasefire resumed attacks against these areas. And the Saudi-Adiani and they hit us first. We're going to hit him back and look like a bunch of overgrown children, man. Like a bunch of religious fanatics. Look at that. Look at the way they're marching in the street there. Popsopopopopopopopopop. Wave in their arms and they got them. Meshmattahs on over their face. What does that all about? It's not even cool there for Kranala. Hey, guess who's there? Duff is there with a food from Cherha. Duff. Yes. Well, thanks a lot, Duff, for barely any of these guys up because they were really bad-mouthing you big time. Yeah. We're polishing over here as they say. Well, I mean, I want you to tell us that we got a top of the ice cream coming in and we need's. I think that took the we need some for myself. No, cover. When we do first time, let me under a table or a boat on the pole. Here's the result. Here's the result. And it's kind of a sobering result as for maybe that's why I'm not too crazy about these poles. Although that one and MSNBC there about should be impeached in 87% of more than 300,000 me spot. That's pretty powerful. Krap, you know what? Of course it's only a level coming. Pinko is like me to watch MSNBC so we can see Keith Oberman on there. And you're real friend. And so we're a combination in the summer. Guy like Bob Casey Jr. And Pennsylvania. He said he would have supported a lead-up. So a lot of these Democrats, that were these Bayesian. Yeah. MSNBC for you. Okay. Just for those who wanted to jump for you. Charities with onions. No, yeah. So, he shove it in the shoot there and shoot it right on up here. Man. Time to do it. How many of your friends and or family listening to me? Let's our pole today. 1125 boats. That's not too shabby considering our very late start. And the fact that we laid off of this thing today. We give it a good rest. Sometimes you have to give your pole rest. Do you? A few. For a hundred and twenty four. A few of them. A zero. Twenty nine. Almost none. Twenty four. As a real shot. Zero. Almost none. Which totals forty almost half. Most of them. Listen to fifty seven or else. Some of them. Thirty eight. I hate this pole. They are the rest of the crap. Huh? Whatever. They're like it. All of them listen twenty. Yeah, likely stir it. And only my enemies listen fourteen. What would anybody that I'd like to listen to this. Right? Right. I guess we're going to give one last warning. Why do we do it in digging into your HR, Chies and stuff. And your Chinese cheese balls. BSO dephanies will be conducting the Y-Sensuration Patrols now. And I'm often in this go on. This is one of the second one you've ever sent to me. I will start the week. You were on vacation. So this would make the third time. Oh, the third that we've been getting these reports. DUI Saturation Patrols. Our coming up tonight from a thirty until five o'clock tomorrow morning. In the areas of your field beach. Pomp and reach an open park. And then tomorrow night. Saturday night from about eight thirty in the PM. The five o'clock Sunday morning. In areas of uncooperated central. Broward. Pomp and reach an open park. In period drivers will be identified. And the DUI laws of the active and force. They will drag your drug and ass away. And they will stop on you and defeat the little and stop out of you. And then make sure you don't do it again. Even Joshua to read that the drug and driver is the really dangerous driver. Almost as dangerous as the sober old driver. And so forth. But I quite. Oh, yeah. Oh, the no speeding lays. Now what do you two and on, Mr. Now he's being all the same. We're like a variety of stuff. I got a burger and some onion rings. I went to my new rings. But I got really good onion rings. Yeah, they are hot. Mmm. And you're doing this to me. Just before I'm going to have for lunch course. Along with my soup and my burger without the bun. I could probably get some weighty good onion rings too. Probably. Ooh. No, and that's just probably I know. Get yourself a crab ring, good. Yeah, I got some crabs over here for you. Okay. They're running all over the day and wall and I'm assuming right now. Yeah, they have a chance to move for that now. A little hundred and thirty votes on the pool. I'm pretty proud of that. You're not. Why? Why don't I waste my time asking you to do it. I could tell by the polls you put on there. I can tell. At least one thing you lived up to your, you know, so because your vision doesn't affect our lives. That's for it. It's not going to affect our paycheck. Right? Come pay the amount. We're going to get a more because we had a great pool. We got like two thousand votes. No, absolutely not. So let's just strike any crab on there that we can. Let's be honest about it. Sure. Start doing somebody like one of your pools. Like what? What? Well, dot dot dot what? And like a little bit of a rat. You know, just a bunch of random garbage on here. Right? Rangoon garbage. So what does that? I'm supposed to be like mouse meat rangoon with cheese. Yeah. That's the one, Mr. We should be getting 20 of taxes on that by Monday morning. I want to see, I want to see that. Thanks, machine loadable taxes. Explain to us whether there is no cheese in Chinese restaurants. They took, you know, they're sea h and Chinese, but they, they took the sea h out of the cheese. And for the life of me, I can't figure out why. Which is probably just as well because she's even a lot of cheese. God, do I love it? And I love that French onion soup. You know, with the thick of the real thich cheese, they used to have great French onion soup at the monk sin. That they are really good French onion soup in the dining room with a pompe no park. And you know, also they have really, really good thick cheese on top of the onion soup is a Ruth Chris. And I'll say that too loud because somebody you, we all know and love. He may be a list of non-line somewhere, you know, your close personal friend. Who? Your close personal buddy who likes eating the Ruth Chris is first of all when I'm picked up. Oh, that about that, that bunny. And I have so many friends that don't know who you're talking about. He's your close personal buddy. Make a mistake. Although I think you might talk behind your back. The biggest name, so, the best challenge to this is the real rock restaurant. For a video 560, you A. It's been a while, every time. I've five six, so, I love you, A. This is Debbie. Hello, I'm Debbie. I'm interested in going through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Yes, yes. And there was under in your, you know, some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation does not address surgery, face hit, all of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering... Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. Many of them are very, very nice. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. There's a surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Excitory? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works for the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that one we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works for the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um. Okay. Um. Um. My name is Puffer O'Bell. Okay. Let me get a little information for you. Okay. I know what you're saying. It's a lotion in the basket. I understand. It works for the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the... It works for the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the molecular resistance. Oh. It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. It works for the lotion in the basket. No? Bye-bye-bye!