Neal, come on up next, we'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for listening. The music's pressed on the previous programs. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Happy birthday, George. We get nees. So best talent. This is 43560. You're a junior descendant. Yeah. Miami Ford. They're a day now. I think you are way in 25 pairs of tickets. To each regular season home game, hang it up here. You're going to get to Super Bowl, 41 from Burger King and Sport Pretty, over 60. You, you, you, you, you, you, you. So it's against the Super 31. See if it'll lose it, where it's been in breaking my drugs for a couple of years. Nelson's Small Business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on what's important to you. Nelson offers the ease of one-stop shopping, reliability, and stability. All of them. Craymo. What is the deal with your behavior? My tackle, bitch. My tackle with versus range, light. But the comedy girl, some heck but cut the message you said you was forced. Don't you think, sign failed? But if you'll be a last day, you'd have a bitch in audition that I'm no kissing. Can't sing. Sorry, that was me. Then he used up something. And everybody's her 30th year of apology. What the fuck? I hate second-hand you through the pool. I can't even see you. I can't even see you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh alaisie fiss of all that love on me and say it on my ears I breath those��aps and they'll are I get a little bit like you'll Rogers good What's your buddy Scotty Mac doesn't here my just hallucinating no, I did low Well if I'm hallucinating it wouldn't be the first time last couple of days But that's the way it goes man. It's just what life is somebody just they reach inside of your inner's and they tear your kishpies out So thank God for George being the reinstated work when I was just all just drained and sick and fukin and etc and today is where it is birthday Don't sound too excited about it. Thank you. Oh well I am on the inside. Huh? I'm excited on the inside. I see Joe Bell was in there He bringing a big cake in party favors and flavors and stuff for one out. Nobody gave me a big wet one Did he give you big go-wet? Yeah one run on the old cheek Well we're gonna make a thousand votes on the poll today and we made what we do yesterday. Oh George had a big turn out yesterday. Thank God for George But he's tag went in here at about eight twenty yesterday morning like they do every morning I love me. I'm not staggering quite so much just mentally and physically drained and so the pain didn't drain to blow my brains out when you heard our sounded. Yeah pained suicidal. Yeah, and anyway and Thank God for George being there otherwise Joshua had us to do a new issue all by himself I tried to hand it over to him a couple times and what he say I wasn't falling for that not a lot I don't know I heard last a couple minutes of the show when you were talking about some chicken of bath Have or something with some queen and jump down All right, speaking of queens. Why are you talking about the old saline from the blind date girl? Yeah, yeah And then it's in the dark with our Christmas party or not? No, we had no hot tub action at the Christmas party But oh, what a shame that we did a lot of people would have heard What was the Christmas party by the way? I was about to say before you interrupted me. I was about to say Here's a little word of advice for everybody in the audience especially all of you old people and young people and everybody in between Just remember I told you this okay and believe me. I know you ready for it right down. All right got my old queens Young straight guys bad combination. Okay, just I just mentioned that she had ever wrote a thought of that I'm gonna not talk about in a sexual sense. I'm just talking about in general in terms of life It's just not on the same wavelength there's always Suspicion and paranoia and like that and a lot of grief. I don't even agree for anyway Well, what were we saying about the Christmas party? How was it? The Christmas party was great Well, I thought of fun touch About yesterday. I'm sure a lot of one like rehash all your material a lot the the food was good the booze was free and and flowed freely We had a good time a lot of people there enough of us who liked each other to have a good time because country people were with us for the first time ever and They bugged out really early probably because of all that obnoxious power on a six music that they were playing There were playing power 90 six music. I don't know exactly if it was power 96 music, but it wasn't It wasn't up there alley music. It wasn't up there old dirt road there the kiss country people and they bugged out early other than that It was great as all your good old friend Earl the Pearl from kiss country. He was there Johnny Darley Johnny Darley the squirrel. I'll be there right give him a big hug big warm hug and a kiss guy and a kiss Looked as neck a little bit Must be about 180 now isn't it Earl the squirrel boy you've been around a long time doesn't look a day over 30 now With Ricky Tickey Shaw hanging it up for a suit and of course with me getting a planning on retirement any minute now He'll be one of the oldest Survivors Earl the squirrel wouldn't you think probably and Johnny dark Now did somebody say Johnny verk is on kiss your night reading he's on kiss and he was there at the party He's kissing it. Oh my god I was gonna play But I can't do that right not anymore. Oh, and I saw your good personal friend Bob the mooth He was there Bob for a mooth was there. That's right. Oh, I wish I had that jingle Looking kind of felt looks like he lost some weight. I don't even I never met the man I don't know him if he walked in here right now. I would know who that was Bob the mooth Yeah, oh Bob the mooth. I thought you're talking about was the guy I would be driving down the highway Bob To car we talking about the corporate engineer. Oh, right your buddy Bob for moved roll drinking buddy Yeah, from Amsterdam boy oh boy. They took one look at him and said oh, hey, and they were right Anyway, wait till you're this American troops in Iraq have become masters of improvisation like bolting jury rigged Armored a homie is to shield themselves from sniper fire and trap now Lately and even more novel item is joined their battle kits stand for new jersey mom Marcel Shriver recently got a call from a son Todd requesting silly string Speaking of Scotty Mac honey like that. Oh silly string. I'm hyper-finally. I'll bet this was on that daily show Was it yeah Marines working with his unit in Iraq had shown the Army combat engineer how can be used to detect trip wires Before searching buildings for example personnel sprayed their way from at least 10 feet away with streams of foam and See if they're stacked by a fairly visible wires which are often a fixed to bombs The Army ignoses the awful able use in marine spokesman kept in Jadeville, versus says we force marine trainies to improvise Tribbers raising money to males kill silly string to Iraq Eris all cans are hazmat and costly the ship so next time you waste a string at a party member could save alive On other words regular string she sending doesn't say silly they're mailing string how do you like that? Maybe now some ropes as people can hang each other. They're to find all the ways to kill each other It's a real party over there. It's a picnic. Mm-hmm. Somebody needs to bring me in 1346 votes on judges' pull-ups that even though wasn't really your pull-ups Was your list is pulls which thank you. You'd thank your lucky stars. I had it up there already. That's right You see what a good idea this to get the next days pull up the day in advance so that they you have to like Poshkey around in the morning if I don't show up or whatever Freaking brilliant. Yeah, it is On average how many times a day do you vote on the old's pool? 1346 votes and once a thousand eleven 75% three quarters of the audience only votes once a day in a pool twice Once at home and once at work hundred nineteen. That's okay. We don't mind that I usually don't vote but I'm voting today 93 now. I don't even understand that no I don't even understand you put it on there. No, I put on there. Whatever was whoever sent the poll I see this isn't some poll I came up with you. You could make it come up on a piece of crap I mean a great poll like this yeah the poll sock 48 I hate this poll only 38 took 2.8% select I said although the poll suck you put them together. It's ugly I vote a bunch of times today on yours poll 23 those people out there that want to have influence you know in power and more than twice 14 For idiots who are busy tapping on roll day What's this thing you just ordered somebody just facts this in thank you so much? By the way, it's George's birthday I forgot about that not that I didn't already say all right you remembered what it was important Because as you I'm not gonna go in good. I mean there are so many things I could see here on this show here today But there's no point in doing it because What no no about about the birthday check in a check for Joshness Then I happen to be a very generous kind warmhearted soul and that sometimes we understand that you know what's screw them? It's the way And American Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Monday morning Monday morning This is Wednesday last time I checked after a passenger a little match to disguise the set of flatlands all right now we're talking This could be thank you for a percent this is the greatest story in a history mankind I mean What a genius somebody cut some nasty bad cheese or maybe somebody else done it on a plane and so we like some match to God for that guy that's a good thing The flight was never to the national after several passengers before it's falling burning sulfur from the man I'm sure with from the matches Sid little Lauren spokesman for the National International Airport Authority all 90 nine passengers and five crew members were taken off in screen While the thing was searched in luggage with screen brutal The FBI questioned the past few admitted she struck the matches and an attempt to conceal a body of the Lawrence said She's on the night she tried to cover it up Like that she dealt with and she money everybody else to be smaller the smell of the smell She had an unspecified and unspecified medical condition at 30 said right she farted unspecified Oh, if you had her far you know a medical condition you know I'm saying And here much it's humorous in a way, but you feel sorry for the individuals as well She said it's unusual that's so what we go to these measures to cover it up No, isn't off a the flight took off again probably and not even under its own power But the woman wasn't allowed back on a plane No, isn't off a flight took off again probably not even under its own power But the woman wasn't allowed back on a plane the woman wasn't identified was not charged and he said they let her back on a plane I'm sure because she looked for me or she was farting up his door and even the charcoal that didn't put in the seat with the door You know that's the one good thing I've said it many times before I'll see it again But all the traveling I do thanks the Lord that they put that charcoal in the seat on airplanes Especially on those long flights like to Europe and so on Because I don't know about I don't know about anybody else but boy I'm cutting some nasty silent, but Very deadly cheese and airings and and it's just because I keep feeding you and feeding it and not only that But I think it has something to do with the The air that you're breathing is really bad and you're like gasping for oxygen in just I don't know Doesn't have something to do with farting? Yeah sure. Thanks. I Mean you know if it goes in bad it's gonna come out real bad anyway They got a lot of charcoal in the seats and fortunately I don't I don't think I ever smelled anybody's thoughts and food alone on a plane Thank us smells and other nasty orders with that's we said it kind of like those woodbind smells and of course Today is WWE W don't forget to change that poll George I might I When was Eric has me I'd put the one for the Martin that that's okay. I'm not trying to be pushy Eric You know me I'm a kind of a pushy old Jew It's a big name so best challenge And now holy macadon This is Joe Bol in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Toronto Maple Leafs what they saw They are pathetic Am I right They blow He's just been a like the Joey for a dog But he's got a secret that I think you should hear we all know Charlie This is we all know Charlie Chris this but you know Charlie Chris this not straight He's a fair come out of the closet and be who you are He's meant for my foe and what happened this year We all know Charlie Chris this You fair since 17 at five six you've got what you Q. I am happy Wednesday the six that he's Sembre man. It's only 19 days away from Christmas aren't you excited? No, and it's so George's birthday today. I mentioned it It charges birthday Nice. Thank you, Jonathan What did they send you birthday thanks? Yes, wasn't that nice that tweet somebody very sweet out there Center. Oh, I was paying the somebody very sweet. We have 183 18100 800 13 the my space friends On our my space page and I'm not reading that thing anymore Okay, and not that I do in the first place. I did one to turn out to be again I just I just never have time to look at it Miguel will take a care of my space. Let me just give a word advice to all give people out there This is again another word of warning just like I told you earlier in the show I gave you a really good lesson of live by here's another one Don't get involved with people on the internet that you don't really know okay do not get involved It'll tear your brains out and we'll just leave you a limp and This appointed not all not necessarily always or maybe you wind up on date line maybe You're real perfect surprise and you belong there. I love that show Dude if you try you love that one. Oh show you show. Is it some else? Do you say something else Josh? No, I would I say it. I'm sure you said it. I love that all right Shall we see oh today's pool and it has rid of this I'm not gonna we'll hold out a stuff today am I although I noticed that you had some good calls yesterday Oh yeah, I didn't hear much just the last one I was in her waiting to speak to you and say thank you very much for your feeling me out yesterday WQA and hello George is birthday line hello Oh Hello Neil yes I put a Mexican man work welcome my red in the secret Happy birthday, George WDQA and hello Hey Neil how are you okay sir? Welcome back to glad you're feeling better. I'm okay to tell and I'll survive Hey, you've been playing the Holly Holly holiday type of a I've been heard the oldest Christmas yet. Oh well, but keep listening you'll hear it Anyway, here's the apparel result today. Who's your favorite choice for president 2018? We've got almost a thousand votes already How do you like that? I like it nine nine fifty one Your favorite choice for president 2008 and look at the battle we got going on here. It's almost a dead heat It's neck and neck as to ass is Jennifer Conley would say Barack Obama 268 al-gore 259 nine how many votes separate the two leaders here? Yeah, I better start counting them hanging chads How do you like that? I vote us for Barack Obama And so did George oh oh sorry Nine votes apart and all this business about wow he's in experience Oh, you know something he's got it. I you know there's certain things like Kennedy had JFK had her and above I had it and his guys got it Pizzahads he's got some pizzance means got some small sphere This business of where all our spirits spirit's worth Experience what it's one of those you learn on the job and by the way How about that bush 41 yesterday I mean that is just if if a democrat would know what a win point of worship, you know But here is George Bush Herbert Walker Fances just You know something every time I think about his sons I want to cry too. That's right The last governor is with Jimmy your fan asked a governor who's with his dysfunctional family I mean this this is what we did crying. Oh, he's talking about it I thought like he was talking about some death in the family or some meal. He's talking about the fact that I lost an election to trials in 94 big deal, okay Seems to me that Herbert Walker lost an election too. I could be wrong about that, but it seems that I could be right Then he lose an election to build Clinton in 92. I think he did yes Anyway, nine hundred and sixty votes on the poll who's your favorite choice For president 2008 Barack Obama 272 out of or two 61 only a love mode to park but Barack's make it a little move now Because he's lighter and faster on his feet Hillary Clinton of distant third one 17 They all suck one 14. Well that's what a nice to development that is they all suck at holiday time no less Rudy Giuliani 73 to course that Democrats are gonna do better in this crowd because we don't have a lot of our right wingers So I mean you know Rudy Giuliani 73 John McCain 52 John Kerry 20 Jeff Bush 17 all my god Are you kidding me the fat ass governor? I would be surprised to see him. I'm making move now Maybe that's what that was all about The send this up for the big emotional Honestly Clark 16 boy he can surely to great Delhi sandwich. I'll tell you that I hate this poll only seven zero point seven percent how do you like that? They like it for a change They like it George Patanke seven even by of Indiana which I can't believe he got any votes because nobody has any idea Who he is he's a good guy even by he's got four At a nine sixty a George Patanke the boring I'll go and go over New York He's got about as much chance as might be elected call it the front runners paradox the story says While Hillary while I'm Clinton tough semi national poll likely 2008 democratic presidential contenders the New York senator is dog by questions of electability Political code for whether she can win a swing states per vella in a general election It's engaged typically apply the Democrats is who question the crossover appeal of the GOP front when our senator John McCain of Arizona Oh, he's the cry got the cross dresser appeal And for activists even to recapture the White House after eight years of George W Bush Electability remains a crucial yardstick by which Clinton especially seems to be measured in other words She can't win that's what that's saying electability Clinton began discussions last week with fellow New York lawmakers about her White House prospects And that someday with a state's democratic governor elect all indication so be stepping out plans to join a growing field A potential contenders for 2008 But some Democrats still believe the odds are against or actually being elected president dick heart puttly in That's his name Heart puttly in former chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party not aligned with any presidential officials among the naysayers She's a senator she'd be the first woman running and she's Hillary Clinton he said and all of that is almost Insurmountable for a general election other or she is unelectable He added there are people who would write a check and die for her, but there are plenty of others who wouldn't vote for if you promise to eliminate the income tax and get free ice from everybody I'll take to for you ice cream though I'll take that income tax thing people have made up there. I'll take that to all man. I'd be out of here in no time First of the give it a sorry rebates People have made up their minds already about her and she's got a lot of negativity out there a lot of little haters like poison man like poison like we're like arsenic without the Olaze like our rat poison What is old lace Yes, give me You heard that expression our signature will lace Yeah, movie the boys Carl off. I think was in it will be that I don't understand the meaning of it Well, look it up Google it and have some fun with okay just be careful what you're doing there on the internet It says nice you get to argue people out there Man it's just a very slippery slope. Don't the shy down said yeah 976 votes where we're gonna have a thousand pretty damn a quick and then I can just relax and sit back slump back in a chair And let's you take over again talk about all that fall looking in the hot tub or whatever that was What ever that's filth was again? Phil's at all about Phil No, what was it about we had a co-worker here in the power of any six sales department a while back and she was on the the blind date TV show Yeah, I just did that and one of the segments she finds herself in the hot tub with her Date and she's flirting and eventually she takes her bottoms off and this guy this I'm using that as a relative term This guy leaps out of the water like a like a piranha was swimming in it or something like that and we all commented that he's gay Yeah, of course of course Is there any doubt there was a little bit of controversy at the time? I sure jump out but I wouldn't be in the first place Imagine me in a hot tub with the whole bunch of people I can't even begin to imagine That would be like me and I'll hang out in there and the beast Oh Pretty big you know begin to visualize this. I'm getting nauseous. I'm getting sick again. I haven't a recraps I'm gonna call for Mexico That's right about the if writing on the plane man. It was just that made my day I'll tell you if I need anything to ever need something to make my day today today Like if I went about like 160 square and the progressive jackpot would buy today that would do it I'll bring me back to earth In fact, I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna lay it right out there when we come back after the break I'm gonna tell you something about my I've been evaluating my whole Life flashing before my eyes I am I'm gonna tell you right here on the air you ready all right? I'm not down though Okay, and then maybe during the break I'll change my mind coming out. I'll be here But I'll do it anyway. We do that on 26 past 10 at five 60 WQM We got the mad dog. No, we don't see I'm so in half of the sand that we got Curtis today. No, I know from Mad dog doesn't want to overdo it. He's got one of his 84 days of the year that he works He's got that in the bag yesterday and another one on Monday So we got Curtis in two the power hour with Hank Solo 4 to 5 which I don't understand what that means No, it was Hank's son from 4 to 7 at the 7 old hard rock clenching his guts out Dude, drudge back and just in time for Christmas Elton John's biggest hits on one CD including your song Don't let my lunch come out of me Yeah Guess roll in the wind and it seems to me You didn't go Saturday night You And a lot of music You're sitting on a group for all that good stuff at the holidays get ready for that chanooka stuff What the hell do we eat on Hanukkah have no idea No, it's a game use it based on what I'll go out one of the Jews we have right around go Some Jewel but go ask you very certain what the we eat on Hanukkah Anyway, what I just had before this we guarded Okay, I'm not that what I go into a whole song dance about that stuff. It's just self I'm not gonna demean myself, okay? It's a pointless I'm not gonna do it all right 32 and five maybe I will later Here's the big news speaking out Keep in your gut shot and I see these phones are just smoking. How about they yesterday for you? Oh? Spectacular were they no? What do you mean by that? A week sign Whatever same as always same crap same old crap. Hey listen you better start taking some calls because otherwise you're gonna lose your audience Right You'll see they're gonna be great QA and hello Okay, there's one and here's another one QA and hello Yeah, I'll I'll you wait, okay, sir. Hey The reason why you passed so much gas on an airplane because of the pressurization when you After you take off and you they pressurize your craft all the air and your body seems to want to find the Well CBS way out and and also that the the air craft there is constantly being circulated that's probably reason why you know smell parts Really Well, yeah, there's an outflow valve and the air is constantly But copy and circulated that fast. I mean, let me face it. I love me Tell you anyway, okay, thanks really update pal. Thanks for everything on the far side of the plane The board of health voted yesterday to make New York and I'm sure you're also the story I mean everybody's making a big stimulus about it Or yeah, but some carrotsimists would be good to look around at the time. I don't like carrotsimists I like Luxembourg like in Faso. I love Luxembourg Can't eat it though. It's all carbs I waited I mentioned on the I was 20 off here 180 eight and I said that that's great 180 that is great I've been on the aggravation diet for a couple days and man. It was way like crazy see with me If I get aggravated I eat it's called aggravation eating which a lot of fat people doing you get the you know stressed out you eat If I get aggravated at the point of like almost suicide at that point I lose my appetite. I don't eat So anyway, that's been the deal the board of health voted Tuesday to make New York the first city in the nation to ban artificial Transfance at restaurants from the corner pizza ria tie and bakeries to which I say It's a killer the board which plans to ban by unanimous vote did give restaurants a slight break I relaxing what had been considered a tight deadline for compliance. We don't want to be too tight Everywhere likes tight, but not too tight Rest absolutely large we see most frying world's continuing artificial trans fats by the first to July And we'll have to eliminate the artificial trans fats from all of its foods by July first 2008 So We'll have to eliminate the artificial from a by July first 2008 so a lot of people die in between but hey at least a down the road It's gonna be a good thing Health commissioner Thomas Frieden said recently that officials seriously weighed complaints from the restaurant industry Which argue that was unrealist if you have them six months to replace cooking walls and shortening Oh, do we go again without shortening? Mom is little baby love shortening? True fire bread protein and bread and shoe fly pie and 18 months to phase off the ingredients altogether The ban contains some exceptions for instance. It will always run for surfudes that come in the manufacturers Original packaging Transfance are believed to be harmful because they contribute to heart disease by raising bad cholesterol and lowering good cholesterol to same time So much for it's said that make that makes trans fats worse than saturated fat and I would say that is That is correct worst insaturated fat Transfencer from when liquid oils are made into cell of fast by adding hydrogen and a process called hydrogenation A common example of this is partially hydrogenated vegetable oil which is used for frying and baking also turns up and processed foods like cookies pizza dough and crackers Transfets which are favored because they're long shelf life are also found in pma blends like pancake mix and hot chocolate mix or is that hot chocolate like a reenegin would say chocolate The FIA estimates the average American eats four point seven pounds of trans fats Each year whole brother oil clog Mayor Michael Bloomberg who banned smoking and bars and restaurants during his first term with somewhat health obsessed even maintains a monthly weight loss Competition with one of his friends in order to say slim his dismissed crimes that New York is crossing a line by trying to legislate diets Nobody wants to take away your french fries and hamburgers I love those things too we said recently, but if you can make them with something that is less damaging your health We should do that many food makers have stopped using trans fats on their own after the US FDA began requiring companies to Transfait content on labels I'm gonna say what I was gonna say before but I'm gonna revise the way I'm gonna sit just gonna say this to you Okay, if you like you know you meet somebody like I'm one of our parents as you meet somebody like maybe a young lady and this He's very attractive or whatever and you become like obsessed even though you don't know we're all that well or whatever So and you can try to convince yourself So you know this is a confession admission that I never really dog on me until sitting here this morning and never really struck me this way because we're all in You know, you know, I'll have only the best of intentions etc and you think I'd like to really get to know this person because she seems like a real sweetheart and a nice person I want to be a friend well that the fact of the matter is you want to you know You want to do the deed. I mean, let's face it right when you're 99 times out of 100 if you become enchanted with somebody It's because I mean don't kid yourself how many people would become enchanted with me? You know, or like some big fat ugly guy or some like the beast how many people gonna be enchanted with That right so when you become no matter what you're trying to attribute role and motivations or feelings to the fact is you want it You know you want it and you want it now I'll know you claim that you don't and you pretend but you do yeah, I do that What is it? I don't talk to women. I don't want to have sex with What would be the point of that that's a good point. Well, I'm gonna start looking at life differently from now on No, I'm not that's a good point. I think that a lot of us would like to pretend that we have very altruistic motives in the fact of the matter is when we become involved People we want to do a man. We want to like you know It's called saving somebody laying out of hands. I mean, I've got the girl is that what they call the church shirt laying out of hands He'll see that's right. In fact, we could hear you act over whatever but anyway, so I That's a confession right here on here A senator wandering around office buildings clad only in his jammies this story from the raw story. It's pretty raw According to some staffers, a Republican senator has been wandering around the son of his buildings in his pajamas We had it Thanks as facts as days of Xavier Svara is in Miami when he was not kind of people's doors at two or three in the morning with his bathroom On you know, just listen to his quotes when you please vote for me for a mayor Do they say what kind of jammies they were if they were just relax? Don't be pushy on just cuz it's your birthday, you know, you know me here He goes again just because it's his birthday Pushy. Yeah, I got the check He got the check and it's his birthday anyway We had a number reports Friday that Senator Pete de Mennachie, we're a Republican of New Mexico was wandering the halls of the Senate office buildings in his jammies Mary Anne or Acres writes in his jammies Tuesday after I said they saw the senator wearing turt and or buffalo plant pajama by the say and elusive and he sure I was thinking they maybe like sponge bod jammies by the end of the day one informing called the say she heard The Mennachie was walking around in his boxers But the Mennachie told roll call the pajama bottoms were actually hunting pants What are you talking about walking the halls I work he said the 74 year old amenity said Salary and bit indignant that folks with assume his lightweight wool-plad pants were pajamas these pants have two pockets like anyone else He explained he wears the hunting pants around the house and if he leaves you go to the office I don't necessarily take them off the end They're comfy and they're funny said people stop me to talk about them. They're Christmasy. They're black and white What's what's Christmas? You have a black and white? I got the right me in red with me Christmasy not black and white I got jammies that have pockets in them Wow, you know something I can't blame the old who you know So tough world we live in man. It's a tough neurotic world. We got all these issues and all these things and all this grief and service to deal with 20 we find it have no idea what that means we got a thousand 15 votes on the call how do you like that? Apple's baby. This gonna be a very popular poll. You'll see mark my words don't forget to change a poll later on whenever they have moved straight you Okay, five of which what who's your favorite choice for president in 2008? I realize it's a long ways of way unfortunately And believe you me just like bush 41. It was crying over his Fan ask governor son when we think of the other son we cry a lot most of us Your favorite choice for president in 2008 Barack Obama's got 288 L.02 77 the 11 this is tighter than a which is a hangmail Whatever that means Hillary Clinton only won 24 she's weak. They all start 120 Rudy Giuliani 77 John McCain 57 John Kerry 21 scary Jeff Bush your fan ask of it in 19 they love him. I don't know why it be as close as I'd good family of his Wesley Clark 16 I hate this poll only 7 0.6 percent George Pataki seven Evan by from Indiana has got four anybody know Evan by no Bye Evan 19 before love and over here. We got Curtis for the mad dog at who the seven I just mentioned that just because it's on the schedule I'm assuming because it's on the scheduled Zachary but it might not be his parents likes to play with our emotions You know a lot of people like to play with your emotions Oh, like you like a river as Here is the team I know I haven't been around much for a while But I want y'all to know what up here rocker roll in and I'll be thinking of you this Christmas And I could give y'all a special Christmas message I'll message a piece like How about a little please let bag all by I can I don't mind Like whole friend Christmas is a town or who time of joy or time for loving and I sure would love it takes lives that feature you got there Like it what will life or what oh yeah Christmas The Christmas to me means family and family means friends The friends we used getting together and get together means Eat all passing that tone to take which boys while fighting Not just one way to you right now You know, I may be a big star maybe too big but I know about it so big you can reach out a helping hand Helping Would you hand me a help of those my status over there which I believe Not like I was saying Ain't nobody so big he can't stoop to help a friend in the needle with a holiday season I speak in a season We'll pass me that self-shaker when you get a chance. Okay. Yeah, just just so pretty cover that So this Christmas why don't y'all take a tip from old aos Now I'll leave those steak tip right away You know what I mean, you know appreciate it. Thank you. I want you remember We're all part of God's great big family and you know God made man and do his own image And look in the mirror. I'd say God must be a big big symbol again You know what I mean? I like it here But I especially want you to remember this one last thing You know all the home is Christmas spending that popcorn up on the free Save a big big bowl for the can extra butter the little money What you do Okay, there's the government question in the very roundabout way and are gonna be playing that there it is When that nice of me, yeah, I'm a really good guy. This ask me. I'll tell you wait to hear this story You may fall off the edge of your seats both here. All right. Let me strap myself in Oh, all right. Columbia South Carolina We have to consider the source. You know where this takes place some strange things happen nothing to be fired I've been to get out of Carolina. No it well a fed off mother had her 12-year-old son arrested for allegedly rummaging through his great-grandmother's things And playing with his Christmas present early best I'm gonna read that sentence again because it is so only what all kids do on A little a fed up mother. She was fed off the end of okay a fed up mother at her 12-year-old son arrested for allegedly Rump rummaging through his great-grandmother's things and playing with his Christmas present early The mother called police on the afternoon and you're so to disobeyed orders and repeatedly taking a game boy or reportedly that should say But it says we've been to take an a game boy from his hiding place in his great-grandmother's house And played it He was playing with it He was arrested on paid lars and he charges taken the police hand custom held until his mother picked him up after church He was arrested on petty lars and he charges taken the police in handcuffs and held until his mother picked him up after choice My grandmother went out of a way to lay away a toy and paid on this thing for months to boys mother Brandy Irvin Well, what if she's kind of franker when he used to drive bread handover dead Frank Irvin did it was only teach my son a lesson This is chopped off He's been going through life doing things to get away with a police didn't release the boys name The mother said that his son was found in the last year to a attention deficit hyperactivity disorder But that is medicine doesn't seem to help. Oh, yes, so I'm sure having a roasted out of help that ought to straighten that poor kid I think they ought to take the mother and just horse with that bitch, but anyway She said he faces an explosive hearing in the school Wednesday rock-hilled police Sergeant Mark Boland you said the boy took a swing at a police officer assigned to the Something last month school He's been suspended from school since then this gets got some problems including your crazy mother The boys case will be presented to the Department of Jewelmau justice officials who will decide what happens to them Boland you said his mother hopes to entertain a program will finally scare him straight It's not even about the Christmas friends He said only want positive things for him. There's no need from back this way. I'd rather call myself and somebody else Before he does something worse than this I They like that take it way in handcuffs for a serious game boy Earlier a few days early before Christmas well the season of kindness and love and holiday cheering good Right like that good will towards now. Yeah, you know question about it Look at that phone man these phone calls are fantastic. All that request was really for poor people is great Taco Bell day ordered the removal of green onions. Oh no, I you know The league of the But anyway, well I've sent you mad. You got trans fats over here and green onions over there and he coal I over here Taco Bell day ordered the removal of green onions from its 50-hundred-restrust nationwide And that doesn't mean all because I do like green onions After samples of beer to have a harsh strain of e Coly great the Iran California based companies restaurants were linked to a recent outbreak of the coal ion three states said preliminary testing But independent lab found positive results for the strain their strain over here And abundance of caution we've decided to pull all green onions from our restaurant So we know conclusively whether the cause of the equal I outbreak great creed Taco Bell Freyland Center statement not Greg Reed Greg Creed Wow far better fast. We Greg Reed That's something and he has to do something you know Great to be science in order planet rigatoning music at the power 96 now. He was at the party on Monday. Yes. He was and And what I mean what happened? Do you have like some verbal intercourse? I said hi and I think he said hi back Some I was there in that order. Oh, I think we weighed that each other. I'm not sure I'll put officials haven't been able to pinpoint the source of the bacteria that's sick in at least 3,000 people in New York New Jersey and Pennsylvania nine people remain hospitalized in New York and New Jersey Including an 11 year old boy and stable condition with kidney damage isn't that sweet He's got kidney damage because he ate a Taco Bell I love Taco Bell myself. I like it a lot It's a takeaway them chunk green onions one. I'm gonna be pioed BPO 148 votes on this pool. This is a tense one today. It's good thing we got a battle going on here Who's your favorite choice for president? 2008 Barack Obama 294 Al Gore 285 so the margin is back to the eye wow I think like that. Can you believe it's that tight? I believe it they like Al Gore a lot in fact they elected him in 2000. He just never got a chance to serve well-ocked lawns They all suck hundred and twenty eight They may have a point Hillary Clinton way down there 127 She's got like half and less than half of what the other two guys got Rudy Giuliani 79 John McCain 59 John Kerry 21. Jeb Bush. I'm gonna fart jeb Bush 20. I did Wesley Clark 18 and there's no charcoal in my chair. Strike a match George Kentucky eight. I hate this pool only seven point six percent hate the pool Evan by still stuck there on four Those are the people who know who he is because they're from Indiana What a horrible place that in Indiana. I told you I live in how in the Anna long ago 19 66 before a lot of you people were even born before you went to embryo before even idea and after thought a little bit of slime before anything 66 points 40 years ago when I was working at W. S. T. R. and Sturgis, Michigan I don't want to say about the clam chatter again. We'll get my appetite going. I don't need to do that And of course today being wood vine Wednesday that means with all likely that I got a real good shadow Like 187 or less tomorrow because I've either a little on Wednesdays. I had my bacon this morning as you heard They chop it on it I feel like I've been born again here and and I went all of my stuff It was only my own honesty and my reflection on my own the life, you know In fact, I should play that by Marmalade reflections and very sad. It's a suicide in inducing song And I want to do that It's depressing But it's true if you well, you know want to get to know somebody else really really well You know you're planning the annual amount you think you've got all the altruistic it's because you want to do a man It's the only one that's it. That's it. Well, I've got no, but it's not necessarily true all of those at first time for everything sure There he goes depression time. Oh Kill yourself. I like the way Hi, this is Marmalade by the way. In fact, it's red a little bit about your toast this morning Sounds like this. I want to stick it down your gullet Okay, that's enough It is that's almost depressing so I just want to cry your eyes out and get a gun and blow if not your own brain Tell somebody else. It's just a very depressing song, but anyway, I look at all that mean to that Reflections oh yeah No, but it's true. It's just you know you convince yourself although in my case You know, I've got this and good friends very good ones that some of whom you don't like and nevertheless I didn't start that When you stop when you just stop and I have no interest in and that kind of thing with any of those people. It's just for you That's probably the end of that From now on the rest of my life anybody I take any kind of interest in I would like them and it's like they even if I deny it But it and it's good to know that there were some people perceptive enough to realize that and spite of all of them now I'll say hey see yeah, and that's a good good thing good thing in sweetheart Anyway, do I have time for the night on I got more in doubt good gracious the truth she says he's always good You know, I'm a ring the queen yes And obviously based on the call so far and of course the good excuse to be that's the holiday season Isn't it good excuse and of course he what it's not holiday season the call so I can anyway But we'll always find some other good excuse to cover up for these people in the real inability to have any kind of a coherent conversation A thousand sixty three votes on a poll. I look at this algor and he's closing that gap baby He has chosen the gap here. I'll open up his lock box and found three more votes 297 to 291 so to maintain The This is the new This is the I only after using the greatest host play on the American public for over 20 years to be through is that I mean The true identity of or that is Review You may think it's more It's But it's another the andy called me andy called me andy called me did not die Hi, this is any called man. Yes. It's true. I think my own death to live in seclusion I felt it was the only way I could develop a fresh new idea like Barat now that I finally have a hit I'll start work on a sequel to my first bill But it's not you huh? It's not you but you mean that's not me not right for this Andy that someone else doing you like a graphics repeat. It is yeah Well, I'm just going to have to sue with that so you can't sue one why not officially you're dead What am I gonna do? Well, I had this a cap off and you love the part of my canic Nice What is it when you go send me that what the borat movie? You know the nice not the movie just oh Nice Yeah, that's what I need they're pretty well. It sounds like it's not like it comes you way It does I'm not happy with that I wouldn't be very happy with it. It sounds like crannies and good versions of those things These some good versions man. That's what the world needs that's what the Ashmothead say the right heads We need some good versions. We got some good for it. You want to look on your on the home page. Oh Yeah, this little link. It's kind of subtle Doing it on the air would be good Spectacular Just keep going kneel and pelting yourself Yeah, that's a little thing treat for the whole audience for the holidays kneel. Elfing himself for those Yeah, it's a little present from you is loading to everyone. Yeah, it's loading. Oh, it's very rapidly there too. Okay. Here we go Loading photo for this thing is long yeah on the loop back around the whole old economy for this thing Find a loading the photo baby. It's loading over here How long does this take to load an hour just wait for it? Oh Put this together for you. What I put this together for you. You put it together. Yeah, well, I sure hope it's better than the length of time That takes to unload here You know how it is some people taking off a long time to low load oh I'm waiting I'm waiting. What are you? I thought I was slow. Yeah, I thought we had this low connection. Oh, here we go It's kind of a new mic connection. Oh, they're all right That is a beautiful thing. That is the best No It was well, we're so funny before I I watched it. Oh, man. That must be after I lost all the rest of the way that need One idiot. That's pretty good. You realize if I lost 20 more pounds I'd be spelled I'd look just like Brady Quinn by the way. I got Brady Quinn back in my wallpaper again come back to my senses Try to get my life back in order again. That's a beautiful how long is that go on? Oh, there it is. Watch it again beautiful thing. Well done Josh. I scored as late as in jail I'm not standing a fing I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm performing by me Marine Dallas says goodness gracious the truth First junior took over the house with grandiose plans to remodel it and make the envy of the make of the envy of the neighborhood But then he played with matches and set the house on fire. Maybe somebody farted So now he's frantically trying to stop the flames from torching the whole block The Bush administration has gone from a worthless plan that changed the Middle East away Breathless plan to preserve it from democracy for motion to Conflugation avoidance That was the cold shower offered yesterday by Robert Gates the former CIA chief on his way to begin being unanimously endorsed as new defense I could do it by a Senate panel craving your cold shower He told the arm services committee peppered with wannabe future prisons that the American occupation could lead to a bag that is hostile as taeran and And so off a regional conflict relation if Iraq isn't definitely handled in the next couple of years we have to handle it definitely in Iraq too handle it carefully With love Mr. Gates asserted that if America left Iraq and chaos Iran and Syria could encroach more and Turkey and Saudi Arabia might jump into stop the ethnic cleansing of Sunni's by Shiites We're already seeing his belong involved in training fighters for Iraq. He said I think all of that could spread fairly dramatically It was a sort of realistic assessment that never came for a mummy if simply Private the admitted in a class of I November 6 memo that their arrest ran as he wasn't working well I've ever fast enough offered a silly a hijed pot of wildly tardy or dubious options like telling your rackies to pull up their socks Drop your And pull up your socks It was showing the same print that the man who spent nearly four years over seeing the word and have any idea what to do in Iraq Is basic plan was not so much to fix the problems the low-rack expectations The memo reported by Michael Gordon and times on Saudi offer the following lame brain prescription some An answer whatever new approach to the US decides on the US is doing so on a trial basis This will give us the ability to read just and move to other course if necessary and therefore not lose and this We can't see what military mission anyways goals how we talk about them go minimalist So with the Pentagon decided whether to go big go longer go home Rummy urged the White House to go minimalist and simply streamline the spin Junior took the advice to manage for sessions by minimizing mummy two days after he sent the memo The walls it closed in on W he could no longer minimize the war which was escalating with the perception that it was not going well Which is pretty into Republican ranks even general Peter pace Yes, man that he has acknowledged on Monday. We're not winning but we're not losing Peter pace The old criticism of what the Mr. Gace massage intelligence were forgotten the senators would have embraced an Accumority seems sensible about Iraq There was no blathering yesterday about no non-known or handy penny pessimist the soft spoke criminal of vanilla Mr. Gace offered a sharp contrast from the fingerwagon playoverful rumming and it remarkable shift from the mindless The locosity in Jingle was in the last few years Mr. Gace did not favor military action against the man or Syria Even though he was a member of the Iraq study group Mr. Gace considered that there would be no silver bullet It's my impression frankly there are no new ideas on a rakey said Asked by all funny daddy Bobby Bird who was responsible for nine eleven side of morosama Mr. Gace didn't try to find a Oshama bin Laden senator he replied as to he he's who represented a greater threat to the US he replied Oshama bin Laden W and sister to fox news is a great human Monday that his objective hadn't been hadn't changed and that we are gonna succeed in the rake Asked by Carl 11 if America was winning the one Iraq Mr. Gace answered no sir After lunch and I'm gonna clarify this remarks saying he hadn't meant to criticize the troops that the reverse Intermac weren't there fault they don't lose battles in a map because there are no battles There's just as a counter insurgency that they can't see and they weren't prepared for or quick to fight it Gace friends mold bush 41 gang remember old bush 41 Yeah Like That guy Have been watching closely to see a 43 brought the old Washington hand back for cosmetics reasons as one put it Simply to try to change the perception that nobody has been stubborn and deaf on Iraq Or what the 43 will really give his new defense chief the parameters he needs to make real changes in strategy Will he let him go maximist Ask More in the queen worrying down near time today and in cross depending That was really saying we've just really been only what about 600 times keep over and throw the whole thing last night all speech Would bush 41 That was I can't even describe it I'm sure Yeah, just blowing like a baby. Oh, it's a poor chair Of course you have had to come up and put his arm around daddy and try to calm you'll scoot down yeah Oh my god, what a bunch of Brave robbers a bunch of gypsy babes and thieves a family of Phil yeah family of Phil 1093 what's your favorite who's your favorite choice for president? 2018 Barack Obama 303 L. Gore 294 is the margin continues to stay at the eye Wow This is one of the best battles we've had on here in a long time, you know Have a reclent 136 they all suck 135 Would it julienne 81 John McCain 61 you know go or might as well be presenting How about he one one one election might as well give him a shot, you know With without the lock box 2.0 and 81 McCain 61 John curious way down to him 23 he don't do well these Mostly Clark 20 if he'll just quit eating all at damn belly You have bush one that's your fat ass governor. I hate this poll only 8.7% George fatac 8 and even buy soul mint take clock to only four Why sure take some really good calls if we have 5 6705 60 560 the rise in singer rise low wouldn't be good idea take a whole bunch of really good call yeah What do they start from and what month is that gonna be? 32 AM hello You Yeah That was that a quick fade was it just yeah, that's a quick fade. Oh, that's a quick fade guy. Oh, that's a quick fade. Oh, that's a quick fade. Oh That guy WCY and hello In the plane All right, okay, that's our calls for this hour I guess we want the calls back me we want those cars Remember on Monday and we can go Monday not this past Monday, but last Monday when we started back with a call all the ladies that were calling in remember that Yeah, what happened to that? Well, that was it that was our that was our Whole lady audience called in that day. Which was very nice of them, but that was it That's all we got WCY and hello WCY and hello, no, it's not my birthday QA and hello I know I love you George happy birthday George. I give you blows up your birthday. Thank you Okay, like I said Let's get the ladies calling it now. Wow, I mean, it was a very generous offer but I had to uh, you know when in doubt bleak it out. We're gonna collect that Thousand I Maybe she'll call back giving the address Thousand ninety six votes on the poll We're gonna show it eight million a day, but because this is hot stuff Even though it's only two thousand six, but people like doing this all the time You know when after the first lessons over like in 2004 the next day they start talking about what what you think is gonna be in 2000s, and it's just like a hobby fun for the people mind it Let's pick in a people mind it. There's Jimmy Baker What about quirky is man? What a what a real Carcary Nazi son of a bitch. He is James Baker the turd With his Iraq study group study my ass. Okay. If you got like a lot of time on your hands study my ass WQA and hello WQA and hello Hey, yes, thank you're really gay Yeah, well, isn't that time of your supposed to be happy and gay? It's right right sunset. Jolly and happy and gay That's what the old song says. WQA and hello Yes Do I follow up? I'm sorry. Yeah follow up from last week Which respected Georgia's inability to participate to show you're alluding the fact that he was being I get the little standoffish and kind of exhibiting characteristics of being burnt out from the job Just speak to him about that yeah, we have a long conversation about this call. I was so oh my god I was just like that. That was that's the incident our conversation kind of like Just like that I'm all three on a poll. All right. Oh, maybe that's the guy who is gonna help me change my wardrobe Now Keep up my favorite song Oh, first day in Christmas My dad gave to me in America president See All the third day in Christmas One gosh star You're not counting the day is right. It's my understandin that there are 12 days of Christmas And you have counted only the second day which has every right to be there So I'm George Bush right past suggest that you recount from the task follow along with me Okay Well This is we're gonna 11 electoral Oh On the 10th day of Christmas You've delivered You said 11. No that was only your preposition to a numerical phrase now start again I'm On the day Christmas That again Something that's it you can have a numerical How to know what's it up Yeah, we got them and the lowest to us is somebody would say remember he said that how are you? What was to what? Before I'm child Because they said nasty things about his little Jeve during the 94 election floored that That was it just came believe it he must be over the edge W. I mean, uh, yeah, each whatever then gone Now this is very strange especially just so maybe it's interesting but it says I know you're done with the bedtime stories, but I thought you may find this adventurous and happy birthday George Who says and double the bedtime stories? Yeah, seriously What is this man talking about this is from uh, is that say geoday or gb-day or Dave or whatever is that? Yeah It says on August 22nd 2002 the associated press ran a story about 911 agency planned drill for playing crash last September 11th of the story said One intelligent agency in our own actual reconnaissance office was planning an exercise Last 911 in which an errant aircraft crashed into one of its buildings the same morning as the 911 attacks According to our other exercise was canceled when the real thing began Barbara Honinger who worked in the White House under Reagan points out another coincidence just to coincidence you understand We searching press reports he filed a 916 01 Washington Post story about the pilot of double a Flight 77 that on the morning of 911 was to have said to have crashed in the Pentagon The pilot Charles Burling aim and XF4 Navy fly ahead is his last Navy mission help craft Pentagon response plans and the event of a commercial airliner hitting the Pentagon Hear that did you follow The bouncing ball But he liked that On 916 01 a story about the pilot of American Airlines Flight 77 that on the morning of 911 was said to have crashed into the Pentagon The pilot Charles Burling aim and XF4 Navy fly ahead is last Navy mission Help craft Pentagon response plans and the event of a commercial airliner hit the Pentagon Wow Must be just another one of those African coincidences Yeah, come on one more time Thank you Oh, there's this from the same guy. Yeah, there's more to it, but I just say it first page And then there's more to watching Five years after a father's plane crashed into the Pentagon in 911 terrorist attacks of almost found dead yesterday in a fire at the galaxy towers of Parman and a Gutenberg, New Jersey Wow Maybe the fire go to the building. I got it The woman Wendy Burling in 32 is discovered by firefighters in a short hallway between the kitchen and the bedroom of a 10-floor apartment Where the four-long fire began said Edward de Fasio the Hudson County Prosecutor Mr. de Fasio. I want to fuse related to buzz phasio the old Ebola from championship polling was Fred Wolf from the 1900s Mr. de Fasio said the far-waist law enforcement officials are calling suspicious Began shortly after midnight in the apartment. Mrs. Burling and shared with her companion Oh With her companion. Oh, I got a great you won't believe the next story. What anyway? Share with her family. We saw under investigation as was the cause of Miss Burling games death No one else was injured in the fire Mr. de Fasio said she was sharing with her companion You're fairies Miss Burling was that other Charles Burling in the turret a 25 year Navy veteran who was the captain of American Airlines flight 77 Which slang allegedly in the Pentagon on 911 killing 1809 people Most of the phasio said are complaining in three years was among several people being interviewed in connection with her death He wouldn't identify the companion but tenants in the complex. I didn't know identified him as Kevin Roderick Oh skews me Her companion when you assume that when it says companion would be like a She's not a member of the Federalist sexual Right, but it's a guy. Kevin. Whatever. What do we think? Sebastian Rojas 27 lives down six Mr. Roderick. He said that while he didn't know Mr. Roderick and Miss Burling in well There were real late night people his footsteps in two dogs. He were constantly bow is he The two dogs were also funded in the home. Well, that's the bad part Shortly before the fire erupted Mr. Rojas said there were louder noises than usual coming from the apartment of stairs like somebody running around up there like somebody doing things up there in a rush Then he said he heard a thought like somebody dropped something in three and there's another page breed and said it to me Oh, and a tree what I mean Okay, I get the pull reservoring for him. We'll pick it up right there and three Because it's very mysterious man Very very mysterious so many I was just I was just gonna play that was gonna either play that or That brutal 1139 votes if you didn't see a George Herbert walk a bush crying like bawling like a baby like a picture in child yesterday You're really maybe it'll be on hundred times more 1139 who's your favorite choice for president in 2008 Barack Obama. Oh my god. This thing is 10 then a Which is bud who? Can you believe it? I believe it Barack Obama 312 algorithm 309 a difference of solament tape trace Three they all suck 143 Hillary Clinton only 141 she's got less than half of either those two go in Rudy Giuliani 84 John McCain 63 freshly clerk and no matter how much delahees he changed into a good 23 have another Rubin sandwich was Couldn't hurt John Kerry 23 Jeb Bush your fan ask governor still has only a 20 solament they 20 George protect he gets how many George protect he the outgoing revenue of your scour yeah, I would guess I hate this pull only eight zero point six percent boy. This is one they really can grab onto and there's nothing like having something good to grab onto 11 by only four out of 1143 votes The amazing here. I'm an old fart. I'm 64 years old and finally today after all of these years I finally made a confession of myself. I finally admitted to myself what life is really all about you know As opposed to thinking what a great Wonderful guy why I am about to move you started anyway Then he heard a thought like somebody dropped something in three or four minutes later the building's fire alarm is sounded just like when you're always hearing in here when they run these stupid fire tests Oh Like that mr. Rohas said that within minutes his apartment filled with smoke Well, it may be somebody far enough there you think that was it? Hope they lay not I was what happened Then he's safely left the building Lucy gel who works at the buildings front desk said that this is Berlin game was a kind generous woman with model good looks She had heard in this Berlin game it brought it to her down and played a turkey and mashed potatoes on Thanksgiving Saying the mr. Roderick was out her What was the word in her partner Deborah a Berlin Deborah a Berlin game miss-brun games aunt I want to people say that that's so British man so steered her aunt was reached at home last night before she even over nieces death She birthed it here's on the phone and wouldn't come in further Miss Berlin, you know, that's one thing about me. I don't know what it is, but I just I had a tear my eye that had kind of the Biography thing, but I'm just not a cry, you know for an old fact. I just don't cry You might not get depressed in psychotic. I just Not married I think the last time I really cried was when I had to put my dog to sleep, you know the golden man When you had to put him to sleep at a cry that's about a minute Is that you know She burst into that's bad. I shouldn't say that I cried my like a baby for about 40 seconds She burst into tears on the photo wouldn't come in further miss Berlin games mother Nancy perfect Well, I love was with these names Is Nancy perfect? Oh, yeah Was also me till my night she didn't find him discuss her daughter's death is Nancy perfect and I would say I'm so happy not I don't know anybody who is no matter how good they look Oh, I'll be honest with you My good close friend and Berlin. See that's a good thing man. How about old permissuous facts pervert like me, you know What there is nothing in the world better. I want to do this nothing better. I mean because he ought to get all better Oh, true love you just do I stay okay. What do you say? How long is that last about three four minutes? Good permissuous sex with some real hot number whatever whatever right do you like and then that's it yeah Wow Look Let me say it again Anyway and of course there's no well, you know and I mean then maybe they've seen no changing of names or Shoot size anything just thing. I'll have a good time and let's boogie and that's it and the good you have a good life. See I hope Look at that pool man Barack Obama 315 Al Gore 314 Oh my god. It is getting really tight. You know it is getting really tight tighter than Josh Cortison a weekend. Oh, we get sat tight You know, it looks smashed to be weekend. We can do it I could see him if the Christmas party Monday night man he must have been Boozing and losing man. It's open bar man. He had what an interesting a good time a lot of great now There's a number there. No, he actually had show Eddie K was there. Yeah, Kenny Walker was there and And the George have a chat. Well, let's talk about that after the break What my George and can you not have a verbal intercourse session with Kenny Walker from our morning Kenny and Boe morning show? I Retired him into his wife and vice versa. I was sad. That was it. Oh, come on. I mean, this was personal not business Right, it's fun Christmas party is for fun. That's enough for business air for smooths and and booze in a good time and You know, that's right. That's a clue you would say you're taking a spedty That's right. Looks somebody else I know No, that's how I take things man. We need personal. I just worked to the gut 27 after when I forget about it and I go on my life like today is with my Wednesday You want me? One thing about me market down on your wrist. I'm a resilient person. I'm a survivor I'm a great guy. Do you realize March one is not that far away? It'll be 31 years. I mean, it's not even 31st anniversary, but nevertheless If basketball is gonna have 31 flavors acting at 31 years, you know, it's a good for course I make it that long If I don't go to the edge of my balcony, you know, I wouldn't go to the edge of my balcony and jump not because I'm on a hair floor Which I am because it's cold and there's a little bit of snow off. Oh, yeah, that idea That's not my idea the way I want to go. He's impulsive the balcony winners like when it's free you gotta put your coat on You know, it's not good You can think about it. It's great complicated I'm the banana republic baby only in Miami Azure sexual performance for bringing you down Looking for a way to enhance yourself without the negative side effects of I agro like crumps Well now there's a safe room in for any die hard sports fan and hands your sex life with the Brady quince cream Saber Yes, it's a glistening gleaming whole color picture of Brady quince Glad in a eight-cut noted hinges He turned your monitor upside down and his jersey magically comes off Oh now it will throw in screen savers of Anthony quince Hanthach quince man and friend man and twin Martin ball 1 800 Oh 1133 27 before noon at five sixty know who I just defiled on our My space page and I am looking at it again because I need to for I have this interesting stuff on it sure keeping touch I need to look a little bit beyond your close personal friend Jacob, but at any rate here is KJ's wife Yes, Jeannie yes, and you must know Jeannie sure not as well as I might do, but yes, he's a sweetheart. Yes, he is and she's got ample movies Yes, she does wow always look kind of bright-sandle And it's a nice page by the way very fancy fancy and colorful and wow Yes, it is she's a pig. I like that. How do I like him ever when they look trick like that? I mean, you know wind up with her at one of the mysteries of life. Woo even heavy heavy duty, man. Yeah 1167 votes on a poll and looking here man looking here We've got a change in the leadership Favorite choice for president in the 2008 Al Gore has moved three votes ahead of Barack Obama 320 to three seven team will be Are you impressed or what? Holy crap, right man? You're you're not impressed at anything You know you are the least no wonder your wife hates you like boys, but it's not for everybody else No, but it's your just first day, okay? How old are you today? 42 I was gonna play the thing I better take a bit 42 that's an old man for some 64. I'm not gonna be your daddy anything over 30's irrelevant Yeah, and I wouldn't say that in most cases, yes, but not necessarily see there goes back with that again See there's some things that you need to have a lobotomy that you've had perium out of your mind You know when you're like smitten with certain things people places objects body parts whatever Who is your favorite choice? Al Gore 320 Barack Obama 317 maybe when I read this I shouldn't even read the other one So well, I guess Hillary they all suck 146 and Hillary 144 and would you do the any even nine and John McCain 63 after that? It's like you know a deli sandwich guy Not much now way to do here this this is one of the audience. I want to warn you if you drive me and I want to pull over to the side of the road It's another immaculate contraception. Oh my god. I know about it You do know about it. Yeah, just this morning. No Mary Cheney The openly gay daughter of vice president Tick-Cheney's wife Lin is pregnant equated to a call as before It's an act of a coctroseph and baby. It's a miracle. It's an act of Dale God. Oh God forbid what a thought Mary Cheney 37 and a partner 15 years. Heather Poe 5 one of she's kin and round She's 45 her partner Our ecstatic about the baby doing late spring the Washington Post reported in the today's edition's quoting on name source close to the couple The vice president's older older daughter Elizabeth Cheney is on leave his deputy assistant of secretary estate after having her fifth child Whether or husband in July, whether or husband is usually the way works or with some guy There was no formal announcement of either daughter's pregnancy from the vice president's office But the post quoted spokeswoman Lia and McBride is saying Tuesday night that the vice president Mrs. Cheney are looking forward with ego anticipation to the rival their sixth grandchild Mary Cheney 37 was an eight or father during the 2004 campaign as was he Elizabeth and now his vice president for consumer advocacy at AOL The post quoted the source post of the family is saying these circumstances of very changes pregnancy will remain private Wow, what a how they did that huh She and poble from Colorado to Virginia you're gonna be closer to the Cheney family and interview with the post six months ago when asked if she and poble wanted children Cheney said that was a conversation I think I should have with Heather first in that three and They made a baby. How do you like that? Huh, are you kids out there two dice can make a baby it just takes a lot of hard work It's hard work. Yeah, well, maybe one of them has got those an aspirators or some you never know turkey basing their Halcino's Flicks 1178 outboard 322 Barack Obama 319. I'll keep you posted on that because it's some pretty heavy duty competition there WQAM hello Okay, that was our one call for this half hour and right nobody on it Wait there might be another one false alarm QAM hello QAM yes, we hate yours like yeah, we know we all body know what we don't care We hate you like a thousand times worse than you wait. So I keep it in the drop button on this thing, but it doesn't drop It's been going on all week long Pop to you drop 567 0560 pound 560 neighborhoods in Cigarette, what a sense you did that's the reason I stopped taking calls a few months ago How long do you think that was? Wow months Because they're worth any that you want to put on the air. I mean, I'm not talking about it We always callers it is. I'm just talking about you say anybody would want to hear talk about it yesterday What did you say that it's not like it used to be? No kidding You mean that every other than people would call for it something to say? Yeah, oh even if it was a contrary point or you know just something something right someone with something to say I hate the burger which is based on things like any four-in-a-agot stockers, you know something besides that right You signed the same handful of lunatics of maniacs the same pop pop pop I like that you know it's kind of like that bush your herber walker or thing the other day It's kind of like It's a little ponderous W to Q a and hello Q a and hello Q a and wait now. Yes, sir. Oh Have all the head that birthday George. Thank you. Oh Yeah, I can make an addition to your bowl How about Howard Dean Howard Dean running for nothing okay. He's not gonna be running. He isn't running in. Thank you very much George asked me that this morning said no Howard Dean on here. How are these not gonna be a candidate? He's not running. He's not gonna run like I said and what's the put of putting people on there who aren't gonna be running right? Right and Jim Bush we don't know your fan asked Governor, but there was talking that yesterday with there When we're showing that video clip over and over and over and over That actually I might be a you know throw his head in the ring or just throw his ass in a ring would be good And maybe he could run with his daughter could be the running made no hell She's they couldn't have a rips we're sure could have a rips start in good time with a two of them You think let's see now that's because the whole family's dysfunctionally he's a hypocrite and a phony baloney But he's wildly popular with the people of Florida. I don't forget that a good number of the people of Florida I'm bunch of raving morons. Okay, just keep that in mind every time we think about fennastia, but Pretty 560 My There how many times did you get one of them hilarious email jokes that gets in you into fits a laughter wheelchair Those are all written by me I'm Jim Bobbuffer the fellas down at the local joke and you've been telling me for years Hey Jim Bobb you're a funny guy You're like the thoughts were the failure through junior sample You know well since I learned here this compare to thing I haven't email and out mob jokes through a series of tunes Here's one of my class if you may array hold on tight. Hope you're sitting down for this one Why came the cable eat a politician because they're show hard to clean There's another most people have a photographic memory, but don't have any fail Now remember if and you don't scroll down for some punchline these online jokes of mine will keep you laughing for days Like this one here a nongoch into a can don't scroll down now the driver asks her for a date She says my name is John and I'm going to a cost to party I'll eat it with anyone if you think everything's going up your way And you're in the wrong lane Well, I say I see around, but then you always will And they're ain't nothing you can do to stop me. Please my jokes We're not jokes We're not jokes You're fair 14 you'll learn at 560 WM this poll today man is just sitting in the world on fire It's a whole you know, in fact you might like a match I'm 100 votes. That's first of all to show you the phenomenal response is not even close to Nuglia. It's 14 of I even close to Nuglia's and It's a six vote margin and out goes on top 328 322. How do you like that? It's a two-hospital race So anyway, let's get back to the Christmas party because I interrupted myself, which I have a band Hamida doing I think I'm supposed to couple. I'm crappy calls too So what happened with the kidney? They come over and beat you up for something nothing on the way to our table Yeah, I passed him and his wife and I passed Gassy Jim is a hand and we introduce our wives to each other and then I proceeded to my table where we continue to drink and then eat But who is it your table? Josh his lovely Russian girlfriend Miguel who else was Miguel's wife there? Rolie had DSO Lee was my sister. Oh, he's a girlfriend And eventually we were joined by Was Miguel's wife there? Well, it's sad at the table What are you trying to tell me? Not trying to tell you anything. What are you talking about? Okay This is not fear you can't do this ever against your 24 hours of this, so you know being ignored In last day and a half I don't want to go through this again on the show So in other words, there's something there that I should know about what okay Whoo, I thought I had problems Wait, wait to do this why keep saying wait to do this and you're unimpressed by anybody Maybe the audience would be impressed by the face of that story about Dick Cheney what about why about the Miguel's wife wasn't at the party? Other than press me Miguel's next wife 1204 on the pool and it's a six-foot margin and I've worse still got it. He's got it, but you know if he's got a one-by-law more than that Because nothing with Algor they don't count half of his votes Been ladden alive but hamstrunks has the Washington Times and The audience wants to hear a lot more about that Christmas party You're less in tugging pages a agency Stay Alkita leaders are with some have been ladden and I'm in the prime and Al Zavari are alive and still plotting attacks even though both have alluded to They massive man hunt for more than five years since the nine-load of terrorist attacks. I think that's what I'm gonna do the rest of my life What you want a massive man hunt? Okay, again, I've been doing that Been ladden a few appearances in statements in recent months in two recent bombing attacks in Pakistan aimed at killing Al Zavari Procted recent intelligence reports that both may be dead, but But so far there's been no success in locating catching either extremist leader to their movements or communication or from intelligence agents on the ground Both remain powerful symbols for his longest extremist around the world and the target escorts 200s of covert special operation commanders regular troops and CIA Permulatory officers Defense secretary decimate Robert Gates a yesterday plans to review the tactics being used by forces taking part in the five-year hunt for bin Laden Although we know that had been lines become more of a simple deterrence and less than active plan organizer of attacks. He's just he's like the devil You don't like the Tupacabba While it's important to continue the search for a Somiyah mama. I think Their usability directly organized and planned to kind of attack against us that hurt us so badly and I'd love it as very limited Namist you get said and I think it's important to keep him on the run keeping having the runs man Because I don't know this for a name keeps they don't have a lot of sherman It can't add a one-on-one. I'm gonna indelicate the question before I finish I can go ahead very important story I would you know the caveman on the guy close spots the pissed off caveman Well, I don't think too much about caveman because they're pretty early But Back in those days and since you're such a scholar You know you say he's a real scholar. Yes, I would know sure since you're such a scholar what did the Caveman wipe their bus with they didn't Oh Stop all right Not even some green leafy vegetation I doubt that oh I mean you weren't there to see it so just Speculating again as you I am but there's something that the caveman didn't wipe their Wow, there's a lot of speculation about when that practice started yeah, and it's and it's unclear as to when and Probably way later than we would have Well, we got there were weapon harassed on the grass like civilization happened first And then somebody decided you know you speak you need to do something because there were like no artificial ingredients and chemicals and crap like we Maybe it was like all I'm very innocent to hear like a dog. Yeah, right even though it's not a dog usually not always but usually like it's kind of well No, it's thanks in a story. I'm not talking about stinks. That's a different story Jesus God The challenge in chasing out kind of it is this figuring out where they're going to be not where they've been Again the information that is in a way that's time that up that on Gates said Well that kind of it tells us lacking he'd be saying the way we'll catch been a lot eventually in my view is that just isn't the case of son who was saying one of his own people will turn them in I think just as he's not organizing things any longer Remain's a powerful symbol. I think being able to kept your kill him when I have a powerful symbolic impact also he said Last week director, National Intelligence John Dingagrapati the butcher la Honduras was asked why Been a little bit of the manhood. He said he wouldn't provide a long Exit exages. Oh, I can't say that we're displaying the failure so far E-s-e-g-e-s-i-s Exages Jesus Exages Jesus Whatever it is along son of dance Obviously we're not gonna be now in the while you don't read these stories Obviously we're not gonna give up on our efforts to track him down Negro punty said after his featured Harvard CIA director Michael Hayden told WTOP radio and Washington last week that both in London, Alzoa, are here still alive They hid it with five shots and they're still alive. How do you like that? And we're gonna read people and the values of the US Intelligence officials said been loving Alzoa are here hiding in separate locations We know that there in the mountains lost one tanya center in the wherever the hell here They don't know not and you know spending all this money to destroy Iraq And we're doing a hell of a together with that. We're doing a heck of a job, right? Just like Brownie Brown in New Orleans heck of a job, was she Probably shouldn't say that because then again, you know family members get upset No And Krayla 218 votes on the poll. This is all my god. This is tight, but Al Gore's opening up a little lead. Yeah, but tight butt like a witch Who is your favorite choice for president in 2008? So you didn't have any conversation with Kenny Walker about the Kenny Bowl morning show you didn't have the Gologuts to say to his first question You got nothing. I already said what I have to say about it. He's a nothing worse than I don't have the balls to deal with somebody head on head on you know slightly to the forehead applied directly to the Yeah, caffeine applied directly to the braids him caffeine applied directly to the braids him caffeine applied directly to the braids him just like that So it was no conversation so Miguel without his wife and we'll see there was some hot chick is that what you're trying to tell me? No, I'm just joking. This is a joke Miguel and by the way he really injured my life Miguel Yeah, let's blame him. No, not blame anybody for anything. Okay, I'm just a so-yo queen and that's just a way It's just a find to come into my say at least I'll know your lies just just move on, you know Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008? 2018 votes Al Gore 334 Barack Obama 325 is a nine vote spread. Wow Get the judge out there with that. I've all popping out of his head. Remember that? How can you forget in 2000? At Palm Beach County judge Google line He was Google on it old Google lie. They all suck 157. Can we print 153? She can't even beat the all suck 153 and I have a line for that but look at Joyce really Julianne 91 John McCain 84 Wesley Clark 28 John Kerry he is scary only 23 and the fact that he won the election and got Still in Ohio in 2004 that goes to sure what a miracle it is that if anybody if they had a real candidate Running he would have just scrub bushes ass We won those loophus sponges Jet boards your finance governor he stuck on 20. It's the same 20 knuckle heads到底 his relatives. I hate this poll only nine point 7 percent George Pataki only nine point 7 percent and haven't vies up to five again Other votes somebody from Indiana no doubt somebody from a how military academy and how Indiana Boy, I sure love living across the street from the how military academy. I'll tell you that I wish I had some binoculars But you know, it's one of those things are frustrations and you know, you can look but you can touch you know what that's all about Yes, I did Very very sad. I mean, what's the big deal? You know, we chat and touch someone is that with always saying reach out and touch someone Whether they want you to or not has to bad point That is the bad point and And of course in your mind you're thinking just like the priest said about Mark fully and I thought he liked it He liked it. You know, hey, my what he said like the line pop up. That's what Papa said. I thought he liked it At least papa liked it 156 owners David Gurgan never met a camera. He didn't like come to law But it would be the work of all these regular talking heads bapa I just I don't know what that's all about you know I guess they must get paid a lot of money to be doing this huh? I Macin. I mean nobody except for Kendall coffee no matter how big their ego is nobody goes on TV I mean look at all the times they used to want me on CNN and I remember that. Oh, yeah still You know I always said no thanks. What's that gonna do for me? I'm not interested. Well, what's it gonna do for me? And even I was out with Danny Boy rather that one time on the news That I and see long before you ever came down the pipe And it was about service in South Florida. I had a great line And I said you can't complain about the service in Florida because there isn't any and they put that on the CBS even news Danny wants just like that. He was I did a beat and I was on some other time Well, they were enchanted with the getting clips for me and then one day I went on an ear and like a Howard Bill ran I said you know what if CBS anybody else ever since anybody and I'm gonna go nuts and do like a Howard Bill on the on the ear And I'm just you know And then they never asked me again I can't imagine one because they can't handle the freaking truth. That's why because it's all about your horse crap Just like this war and Iraq war my ass we invaded the country We killed a whole bunch of people who was based on lies and the media's like dancing around the edges We got this fatty group over here and understand that's all a bunch of ballooning and all these dead people almost 3000s over 2900 did American soldiers 2901 almost 3000 based on lies I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the name Okay, I'm gonna use the hour Today on Dr. Phil it's Jessica Simpson and Nicholas J. What I like a lot, but I think she's crazy everybody Graphically next one of me. You are a phenomenal Idiot soon it is fish not shit. You know you're smart I don't want I said you want to give me truth. I just think you are Your girlfriend Jessica she had a little I'm sure you're also show that almost as many times as the George your herber walker bush crying Is out like a baby where she forgot to learn some and song well She had a little bit of an incident that got her all flustered and I don't blame her She can do no wrong she had an incident her dress was falling on get out of here You didn't see the whole story no I saw the clip where she forgot the lyrics and she's nothing like a snap on her dress You know whatever pop it about that Actually they said that she was obsessed with dolly part and his boobs or something like that. Yeah something like her jealous It was a train right, but That she's still okay. It was an accident but nobody got hurt except her The sun's settled by the way on the front of their a website I'm gonna have to read this again because this may be one of the great stories thanks to ever Fetch that in early so that both they 10 a.m. in the new shift on our show can hear the great story When you agree it's one of the all-time best. Yes, it is on the plane One moment play them on looking for you know, it's hard to find these now good And American Airlines flight bound for Texas was forced to make an emergency landing Monday morning after a passenger with a match to disguise the scent of Flightsulence authorities said the now-spon flight was ever to the Nashville after several passengers before it's smelling burning sulfur From the matches for our own law rinse folks when a woman for the Nashville International Airport Authority All I did on past years and five and five crew members were taken off in the screen while the plane was searched and Luggar was screened. Oh, brother Somebody farted on the plane and we have to go through all of this thing. I don't know what it was so a lot of people are gonna fly The FBI questioned the passenger admitted she struck the matches and an attempt to conceal a body odor She had an unspecified medical condition authorities said yes, she farts I guess that would be an unspecified medical condition, huh? She farts who doesn't it? Well It's when we'd be and we got a yeah, blah, blah, blah medical condition It's humorous in a way, but you feel sorry for the individual as well She said it's unusual as someone would go to these versions to cover it up the flight took off again But the woman was not allowed back on a plane the woman who was not identified was not charged in the Farting and lighting the match in a plane and so I like that not charged all right The 12-year-old kid who opened his Christmas present early he got charged in dragaway and handcuffs I'll put some some bits that farts that cuts her real blasts when I'm a plane and lights it with a match She doesn't get charged that'll drag her ugly answer way and I'll then she wouldn't do it again Al Gore is open up. Hey, this is the widest margin either one a 10 volt lead on our pool 339 and Barack Obama 329 Swellery is just oh she's suckin win down there a way down or 153 out of 1241 votes You must have done a fabulous job yesterday boy because you can feel the big moe You know from your performance yesterday Especially on these phone calls sure God This real short one coming up Q.A.M. Crankline having a great day George. Thank you Neil a couple of questions But what is that what's good for I'm not technically I'm technically challenged. But what is the is the iPod is that the best thing or the MP3s what is the best one to get? The one you can afford yeah, you know one that you have enough money to buy and I wouldn't be there all the same it's all the same stuff Man, that's what I thought I thought is best quality, but you'll get more storage per dollar with another Let me say again get the iPod. I got one. I love it. Yeah, I thought what is your best HD channel? What is your best? What's your favorite channel on the HD the TSN a hockey games in HD have all I can see the least lose every night Discovery is gonna go discovery is I was gonna say discovery to just relax just calm down I wonder if I don't think I have those on this sit and here now I don't have them in here because I don't want to pay the extra for the what what do I need that in here? You know E.D. I mean can the audience see the picture I'm looking at probably not necessarily the name good thing That was some picture on the in my space page just a joke 567.0 560 and that's right. It's holiday time boy Everybody's got a sluff out and buy a bunch of well he's not looking to buy for somebody else. He wants it for him. I guess So somebody buy that for slipper and I pop oh Oh, I'm just still not that excited about the docking stations, you know, no no But wrong way why? Because they I mean they just don't have the real I mean they'd be offensive But a big shooter like me. I can afford it. You know when you got the big bucks Right well there are there are other options like you can hook it up to a any stereo at a stereo Anything it'll it'll you know get the appropriate case. Can I tell you I don't even listen to it No, what time I listen to what is on the plane when I'm farting well good thing you got a carrying case I'm serious. Yeah I already had a carrying case, but thank you so much I said to run your part I only had to pay 85 dollars a custom I know that's why I do it Recent polls shows big jump in Pelosi favorable impression all I can say that is She makes me cock on man. She gives me spilties Incoming house speaker Nancy Pelosi's approval reading is jumped substantially from the level it was happy for the November election according to recent survey The November 9th to 12th USA today Gallup Paul clearly shows that incoming house speaker Pelosi's profile has been raised That it after the elections since it would be poor from Gallup news service 38% of our considered a favorable point of well, and that's really a big deal about 24% have unfavorable and 38% would know who else he is Before the election she scored a relatively meager 26% now Gallup explains her favorable reading out numbers her unfavorable by 14% its points Additionally Pelosi now scores incoming majority of a set of majority leader Harry Reid was as weak as a food fly Who registered a 27% positive view among those surveyed read? I have already enjoyed a higher positive than negative score according to poll 27 positive 19 negative And everybody else who that is he related Greg Reid Harry Reid who that? You know what I don't blame them Most people are concerned about their lives, baby about stuff that has to do with their lives not about some stupid ass politician some Crook some them Moronic Crook who's looking at stick his hand to the cookie jar and grab all your cookies or whatever you'll see God 1249 votes who's your favorite choice for present 2008 one of our most popular polls in a long in a dog's age See that's why you know there's no god because there was a god dog to live as long as we do Am I right right and cats would live for five minutes cats wouldn't be around? Well, except to put it in a microwave just to keep in dry Favorite choice for present 2008 al Gore 34 Barack Obama 33 al is open up in 11 I was wrong because I think Obama was loving I had earlier But now Al's moving it had by 11 they all suck 169 hurry Clinton 153 she sucks well, maybe not Rudy Giuliani 93 John McCain 67 Wesley Clark a Meager 28 in spite of his many desperate attempts at the deli then to whatever the old Alta Cacca vote 28 for West Clark John Kerry 23 fan as Jeb Bush is stuck there on 20 all boy You know, let me tell you one thing if there's anybody I don't need to find out the jibbs only got 20 Anyway fan as Jeb with 20 I hate this poll only nine point seven percent To it protect he's still got nine and M and buys up to six M and buy from Indiana he's a good guy of invite but nobody has any idea who he could win a fist election 1254 vote boy I'm gonna tell you one thing if the calls were as good as the response on the poll and on our website in general And some of the pictures on our my space page if there was good as those we'd be kicking some we have a 40 share You know easy easy easy Speak of easy there will papa The Arc's dicey's and I'm he is fighting to keep our expression john C. Favara from being to pose in the civil lawsuit Alluvying that a retired market pre-sexy abused a boy in the 1990s Favara was our special during the time that Reverend Neil Dordy of St Vincent Catholic Church is accused of molesting the boy Favara was also with them when the Arc's dicey's placed already on leave in 2002 Neil Dordy But the Arc's dicey's argues in its September court motion at the plaintiff's attorney Jeffrey Herman is tried to harass Favara Herman said the Arc's dicey's dodging They don't want Favara to have to tell the truth under O.C. Herman who's felt about 40 sexual abuse cases involving priests in Florida What are they hiding? I think they're running from the truth he said and I would say That's what they always do in the cantilek church. They run from the truth. They run for the altar boy They grab real quick and then they run from the truth Herman says the Arc's dicey's is dodging bobbing and weaving. They have probably a lot of A lot of practice with that bobbing and weaving Imagine they don't want Favara to have to tell the truth under O.C. Herman who is fine well They don't in case it'd be the first in which Herman who's handled most of the local lawsuits again priests as Deposed in our British urban Florida Herman said he wasn't aware of any other now the Arc's British biggest to where they're really freaky a hat What the one that looks like a pup pastry? Yeah, like a hot cross bun. He looks like the Pilsbury dobleway But anyway, he has sticking in the public see what happens Course nation wide of January lot of plaintiffs to deposed high-ranking church officials all though many cases Settle before they reach that stage and all these suckers are keep putting money on the place That's where goes to settle these lawsuits against these preverts That's right and October browser could judge Dorian Demorgian gave Herman the go ahead to the post-fabular But the Arc's dicey's filed in appeal November 27 to try to stop it Last year Herman filed a 25 minute out of law. So against the Arc's dicey's on behalf of John Doe 22 The man said door needs sexually abused him during the 90s starting when he was about 11 In January, Brown prosecutors charged door in an criminal case related to these same victim if convicted of 63 year old faces life in prison Barrett's dicey's argued in motion in fevilar has got no first hand knowledge related to the lawsuit But Herman said fevilar is familiar with the allegations involving doority Fevilar became their official of naming November 3rd 1994 arch by sees memo show that a settlement was in the worst in December 94 for case involving the board who Dorian allegedly drugged and raped it at Herman said drugged it and raped it him Honey like that Can you even imagine what he said Also, I love this favillore into kids that he knew about allegations involving Dorian 2002 He wrote a letter to the to Dorian placing them on leave after reviewing files that showed credible evidence in your particular case Which raises questions to be considered Quit chasing in little boys, okay? Chasing little boys looking at chase big boys, but so nothing to chase little boys. You don't see I got a rage Crazy little boy church man. I'm gonna party little red as fast That's what you think Oh man what a life that's all I can tell you what a life just you know 262 votes and man out goes open up a 13 point lead could be a really lucky number or or not I think he's running don't you? Where And I'm away from the older boy Who's running away from the priest? It's a race that's why they called the presidential race man. It's a big fat smelly race and that old bitch Show it from where and how it was or is he from Nashville when he far along up there 123rd 2005 and 60 number to QM Be a rod you We have a live by a satellite for one Sorry, it should be Michael Richards Michael are you there? Hello hi. Are you doing good? What do you explain exactly what happened for the folks who may not know? I I lost my temper on stage. I was at a comedy club and I said some pretty nasty things to some Afro-merifence and I'm not even sorry I'm a racist that's what's so insane about this Stop laughing. I'm not funny. It is there much more you would like to do I think it's important to trash talk the Afro-merifence community The blast oh I've got more hate and more rage and more anger coming all right take care about that 2019 I see David Lotteman's time for another 30 million dollars for an initial near through the year of 2525 Would say we're having a study like that Well good for him. Nice work. I don't see up there. I'm an old man. I can't be staying up late watching David freaking Letterman walk into the woods where he goes What if they were gonna have more embarrassing apologies like that at make it a point. I still in watch Speaking of that whole racial thing that business They Supreme Court justice. How come I'm reading all these stories today? It's because there aren't any calls Did you get more calls than this yesterday? You must have because you know we know stories Well, that's a relative term No, it was not much well, so holidays man. They wanted to cause back to our name I got more calls than do falls if that's what you mean. Oh These Supreme Court justice is hearing arguments on school integration civil the yesterday That they're likely to borrow racial guidelines for assigning students to public schools The public schools suck by the way Americans are a dividend saw us most them You can't completely apply education America has right much going on but nevertheless Such a ruling would deal with voter civil rights lawyers and the school officials nationwide who would hope to maintain the semblance of classroom integration And city students neighborhoods are divided along racial lines would be a major victory for those who have called for colorblind decision making by public officials And issued an agreement where the integration guidelines adopted by the school boards and Seattle Louisville Kentucky They were challenged by parents of the small number of students most of them white who were denied the first choice in schools because of race All the justice is as well-coupt during your argument agreed that racial integration is a Lotable goal, however See it probably not a people wonder how come you always say hi ever that's cuz your president Dwight I's now used to say hi ever and not just always said Does that make any sense to you? No, it's just to be sarcastic because of a sarcastic old bastard That's why Hi, ever a narrow majority them in comments and the questions said the Constitution for banshifting children from one school to another based on their race Outright racial balancing is panicking on constitutional suggestions Anthony Kimmy a centrist to often cancel deciding vote And that seems to be what you have here. We told the Lord of the Fending Sales program whose guidelines gave non-white students first choice For enrolling in some of the most popular predominantly white high schools Agreed with Kennedy chief justice the anxious John Roberts said the purpose of the Equal protection classes to ensure that people are treated as individuals rather than the based on the color of this skin No students have been excluded from school because of their race reach about a Michael Madden the school boards lawyer They may be assigned way different but basically a capital school Maybe in a like 80 hundred miles away something like that something can be in it Everyone got a seat and Brown as well replied Roberts referred to the landmark decision that struck on racial segregation But because it were cited those seats on the basis of race and violated equal protection Madden disputed the comparison between force and reaction and voluntary integration segregation is harmful to students while integration has been a fatigue I mean how could you get any drugs if you well? Let's be side-to-point a Chewie racial diversity is certainly an admirable goal. So justice and Nien Scalia even if the objective is okay You can't achieve it by the means whatsoever. I thought one of the absolute restrictions in the costumes that you cannot judge and Classified peoples on the basis of their race Just as San Lillito Jr. Another phrase is also skeptically questioning school lawyers just as parents token Thomas The way said nothing yesterday is always insisted that public officials may not treat individuals differently It goes to their race. What does he know? On tickets today civil rights lawyers have not hoped that Kennedy and maybe Roberts might vote to uphold a local school boards that pursued voluntary school integration But both medically they believe explicitly and race based plans cannot stand and the bottom line of the whole thing is that in Again, it was the school suck and it all white looting white neighborhoods the school's are better and got like it that's the way it is And who the hell is Clarence Thomas and C took advantage of all those affirmative action programs to get where he is? There exactly clearance freaking token Thomas. So case probably smoke of the damn Washington at times Right when peace and truth Go harass him or bitch Hmm There we go anybody was in the house my name is France for Eugene Thomas Metinabush is nominee for the Supreme law and You know there's lots of people that did it they just lost I smoke a little marijuana when I was in college And it wasn't but a pinjoy Maybe a singer's at your anoremille They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court Yeah, I got a bunch That's doing this quick and get out of here. I won't sit down straight when I stop reviewing the law I don't just review the law There y'all I mean don't get right and I talk it to the peace And I talk it to the west and I don't get right on the substandard. They'll got us best So there's a puppy talking That's so bad. Why y'all yeah, that's what David Duke used to say two plans 1220 13 1223 and QM we got Curtis for the man dog at two o'clock in the hover so the hover trying on the Christmas party Don't I? Yes, and you want to know why maybe he's diving Maybe I'm gonna be in a big mob a bit on the Monday and football game Seattle in the Denver Think I don't know I'd say that's a safe bet. Yeah, I know that Q 288 votes what we're gonna have 13 under before we can get close to what it clock. Wow. What's going on over here? So damn good thing I came back today. You know, I just needed I needed this show barely I remember not sure why but I'm just a crazy person. Okay, that's me crazy Well, as you go through life you learn your lessons, you know sometimes you learn the hard way sometimes you learn the software Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008 and this is really great Al Gore look at that. This is the biggest margin trust me when I tell you or not Al Gore 350 Barack Obama 338 it's a 12-volt lead for Al Gore rhymes with bore He's a I listen I have no problem with either one of them as long as it's not But anyway They all suck on 74 and you notice everywhere you're weed when you read about this topic Republicans are Jones and for Hillary man. They're praying They are dying for it to be the anomaly because they know that they can whip her ass Right, they know that so many people hate her like poison and if you hate her like poison now There's nothing she's better doing the next two years. It's gonna oh, yeah, we like that. Swill over you know Am I right right? It would be like you've double your head a chance to run again. You know, oh, can you even imagine that? They all suck 174 Hillary Clinton 158 vote she ain't moving up very much. She's only got 12.5% Rudy Giuliani 95 John McCain 68 West League card have another rebel of a multiple subwest have some creplos 31 for West Clark who came down in 2004 to a Hollywood went to the Delhi then it had a couple of Delhi sandwiches and thought all the old Jews would owe for him as a result Cuz he said hello to the police have I don't think so John Kerry 23 they'd read about for Clark Kent that I'm Wednesday Clark and you know what's so what I? See there we go again with that factory your professional faggot. Yes Fan S. Jeb Bush 20. I hate this poll only 10 the so-called ADH So I'll talk to the H to see it can't mix it to languages like that what you can Chinklanta banana if I ever see that guy there again I'm gonna take a lot of those bananas and put away the moon on channel. There's Joe Biden. Oh, we should put him on there too. He's running All right, I guess we were just Biden our time You got a chance Joe Biden B IDE and I got it. Okay Well, you must have wreck a lot of booze of that Christmas party We both did and we had to be here this man was in a really good mood. He must drink a lot of booze and took his Russian girlfriend home And just ahead what for you know, I can't see it on here what for I know what for five or six Yeah times George Pataki nine Evan by only six Evan by from Indiana he's a good guy, but he's you know and we didn't put Tomville sack on it. We don't do it who The governor of Iowa who's also running. Let's see over to this. We got a Why do I have this? I don't get you send me this and more than change. Well, Clarence thought that you were not reading it He that wasn't sure but he just wanted to make sure hey, Clarence your full of crap is usual. Okay put him on a plane like his ass on fire Clarence freaking the Darryl I'm in yeah, did not just get through Santa minute ago courtesy to and the Humper. I would not just get through talking about that. Yes Yes Play the take back for that simple dinner get out of our show you idiot go ruin the morning show some more I'm doing okay. They had that one big month and like Joe Bell said I must have been a fluke didn't say that Now now how about Joe? Well, how did you interact with Joe with the Christmas party because Jolly at Joe Bell was in this morning kiss in my ass Making sure I'm okay So Joe the party shook his hand Have chat he sat at the table with us. Well, what did he say? He won't say we're gonna have to have a job this summer George Greg going and he said no no Well, you heard what he said went in front of your face there when you were sitting at this morning. He said boy you sure Fill the brief yesterday when I was like having a risk break down did a really good job. Is that what he said? Yeah, you heard it. Oh, I missed it and I said, oh, you know In fact, you probably were out of the room because you know when he said that I said you'll Rogers George Rodriguez No good any trouble. You know you know him. He chuckles a lot. Yes 27 pass no and it's 560 WK Curtis Stevenson it's who I would say that all day like you know I mean we want to really promote not not it's not a knock-on Curtis, but we want to go overboard And as I say no Jim and it's today, you know I mean it's just it's not smart radio clearance you idiot In fact, the thing that it was like lie and say oh my god, I'll be on and you know It's Curtis taken a little problem, but at least you know what I'm saying? I got your breath beautiful Aller and everybody's pretty trash Burn his down the Christmas tree then really even ourselves Later will pull off fire alarm then run like hell and hide Help yourself got to focus up here left in the rear Only out to get my jolly's deck my balls with vows of holly burnin down the Christmas tree just for kid goes and Cameroes crack down the stereo all the neighbors are having fits Burnin down the Christmas tree is the fear filled hall a day Damn sure you will have a blast when you do Christmas 23 27 on a 560 WQAM 1305 on a full man's just barely past 1230 we are really achieving new heights at our time at a freaking mountain in it In fact, we can take these great calls. It's kind of like counting a month because they're our nanny. Yeah 560 oh We want the calls by that's the bread and butter. Well, guess what we must be starving and that last bit I played you didn't even blink it out What I bet you joys is gonna get up so once you're in that line about beer in the can You're all saying back though, bro. Oh brother talk about burning sensation Maybe that's why that one was farting on a plane, you know Swaping to have a can of beer or something to have beer in it well and then when a lot of guys drink beer out of a bottle But there are many guys in people who drink beer in a can right right Yeah You know like beer out of a can no Well, you know something that's an interesting photo to kill about two minutes What's the part of time in America people used to be drinking like coke and Pepsi and stuff like that I'll lose glass bottles remember that that's right and then they started making like those Heart plastic bottles what do you call those like plastic bottles hard plastic bottles hard plastic like I said and then we went to cans Now who the hell do you know the drinks or coke out of a bottle anymore? I mean, I'm not sitting there on the round, but do you ever drink your cuz it was those giant two liter bottles? No, a little bond a lot of everybody drinks them out of the big I got one here Oh my die caffeine free Pepsi right here in a big sister take me to your leader man stop it a gas station in your thirsty You buy a plastic bottle of Pepsi or something like that look behind the label for your own pin and interact the Pepsi access That the CA we're talking about the glass bottles nobody drinks anymore. No nobody It'll know I don't think they exist anymore. Do they you know here get out of town maybe a novelty item But anyway, we're in the can man. That's where it's at all a lot of and of course they have those hard plastic bottles Which they don't allow glass bottles like his 40 minutes, but they let you have those hard plastic bottles like a You sure throw some one of those yeah, bang somebody in you're not gonna go like whack him pretty good Crazy people you know what I'm talking about what are you talking about? They have those hard plastic beer bottles You know exactly what I'm talking about Well, what's that all a boot cheaper what's wrong with beer in the can Foamy in fact when nature calls maybe a lot of guys take it right in there with them. You know nothing I take it a beer in the can nothing like it and then of course instead of all those Fargan words from the stall next to you just do that a lot more pleasant I'll at least you know the other way you get a warning, you know that thing about the woman on the plane lighting the fart I mean It's just I was thinking to break and I actually let out a little chuckle myself. I was like Good thing I can still laugh I'll tell you that You're like that I love a little chuckle and because I was thinking about all these family gatherings that take place Christmas Chinook all this stuff and this is that time of the year for it and I'm just wondering with all the tremendous amounts of food that we overreated holidays You can just imagine that there are people farting if the Christmas table you know, oh yeah Really? They have to be well that's what I'm saying I mean I've never had that experience with that this pleasure, but I'm sure that there gotta be people were like Oh gee who did that you know Oh man that was that was a poison very by the way Joyce not a fart Boison bird bring grandma yeah grandma done and she can't control herself you know if she's got some kind of a Disorder like that woman on a plane and they're checking her frame medical disorder because she farted And maybe she farted so bad there was like all my god, you know the plane was like doing a swan die You think or maybe the passengers were just a dive 350 646 algorithm maintaining a 10 volt lead over Barack Obama who do you want to see in 2008? Wow It is about as tight as a which is earlobe W Q a Q a M hello W Q a M hello I know you want to believe you call it Charlie? Yeah, okay W Q a M hello Okay, crank this it you know hello Yeah, I don't I was wondering if you ever use the inward If I ever use it sure Yeah, you yeah, yeah, okay Good good no really for more important day 30 Q a M hello And now yes, sir. What about a I check that your site. I thought you're alcing drams and that was good stuff You saw my one your elf Okay, give me buddy. Be sure and I'm glad you mentioned that because Josh worked his ass off on that thing Man, oh man that was it called again. It's called I were to help him open yourself Neil Alphan himself and it's right above a Brady Quinn's naked picture there too And second off the soda story there is plenty of soda soda on the glass bottles There are especially over here at the Italian because they don't drink the big 20 30 ounce sodas like we do they drink a little 10 ounce Glass bottles yeah, that's true. You're right about that. I've seen a lot of the cat even a lot The cat based on here in the beach is tough It's not to read as if you were to our coconut coffee They give it all over Europe They give me a small glass and they fill it up about it third of the way and that's the idea of a glass So you know, it's just ridiculous So it's a great day now, fans. You have to go. Thank you Thanks for the memories. I'm loading that up again. Okay. It's on our website It's right above the top picture of Nate naked Brady Quinn. I see there's somebody I could learn to be a good friend with Brady Quinn, you know Hmm Man just like we were talking about last week and we before that and we before that and forever and ever life is full of fantasies There's nothing wrong with that, you know even Jimmy Carter had less than his parts and his heart You were far he said that's what he said before the juicer and I'm because he had the audacity to criticize Israel And said the auto will be international law. Not kind of surprise that you will pin it farmer go back to Georgia you Farbison but anyway It's the Jews in the guay and many Arabs in the Jews in the Muslims and all this other crap. That's the world I don't know why any part of that man. I know what I want and that ain't it Oh this loading photo thing. This is so and ordinarily this computer is fast as grease lightning man Maybe any one or why many of these are out of people on there that might be it you think that's it Isn't that doesn't that affected with my limited the knowledge of this kind of crap? The internet it's good very well I'd say to the internet is I mean, you know to each is all I mean a lot of people is what it is I'll give you an example a couple of years ago I remember I was doing the classmates stupid thing and I got in touch with the old high school a couple of friends and they came up here to see a play And I took him to the risk we had a great we had a took him to dinner We had a great by the way I took him to dinner and then have sex with either one of them But anyway, Chris they're all like me, but And we had a great time. We said that for like three hours reminiscing about old times and laughing and poop and it was great See that's a good experience and then you can also have bad experiences on the internet. You know I could people You don't really know all that well and just be very careful and weary. That's all I'm saying. Okay, this thing is still loading everybody Everybody's on it. So I'll just forget I already seen it. It was great But the more people that are on it the longer it's gonna take to load, you know, oh yeah Well sometimes it takes a long time for a Reload Yeah It's a hot new commission in a hundred Oh yes, step Dasoo Knowledge you roll I'm sorry That's right, y'all Ichensias See y'all and German salsa black-audi! Hey, my f***! Hey, my f***! Oh, my god! They're rock-shutty jets and clear it up! Let's stop the killing and choose peace. Jesse and Kramer, come into B-E-T! Yeah, let's stop the killing, I'll grab a piece. 1245 to 560 WQA, and that's what we all want. Right? Right. Even the ugly, I'm not a good piece. 1325 votes, and Al Gore's got a 12-volt leader for Barack Obama is the towel he's continuing coming in from the west coast. Wow. This is like a lecture night coverage here on QA. You won't get this on the sports show, I'll guarantee that, although you will get a 2-o-clock, Clarissa's, I mean, a Curtis. What did you hear? What they was at? Was it Monday? What? When Clarissa was doing the update and it got to be 2-o-o-clock, and it was like, I'm not a person. He was like, like, he was eating the microphone. Do you need any of that? No. Wow. Was he like Friday or like Monday? Crazy person. But then that's the way he is. What is he in about radio? 1246 a QAM, and I'm Brella Group. You know, these umbrella groups, remember the umbrella man and Deity Plaza, and November 22, 1963, the JFKS SAs stage, remember the umbrella man? No. This is a nice sunny day, and there was a guy with an umbrella. And he opened the umbrella like, all of a sudden, yeah, like that. And I'm Brella Group of influential Cuban exile organizations who are jointly growing course of Cubans on both sides of the Florida streets. They're going to be great. Calling for the west-to-eas restrictions on fair-line remittances to Cuba. About two thousand eggs had organizations speaking in Unison under the umbrella group, Consental Cubano, Consental Cubano, excuse me. See you should correct the man. Consental Cubano, or Cuban Consensus, really supported a calling for the Bush administration to ease travel restrictions about time. The Roopsay US policies that restrict Cubans from visiting family members and that limited remittances and other humanitarian aid, violate fundamental rights of Cubans, damages the Cuban family, and constitute ethical contradictions. We've got a Cuba by the way right now. Flampton Canada and get on a plane and go right to where we want. No problem. All right. Or just fly up here by all the Mexicans here. The Cuban Negotiations, Mexicans, the Garals, Fett. Woo. The Natsman is, they actually make cigars in Mexico. I never heard that. Yeah, yeah, they do in this. Oh. How about the cigars? Them two. The Natsman underscores in grove. Oh. A growing rift between hard-line ex-all leaders who want to preserve the sanctions, and more modern-recubin Americans in Miami and dissidents in Cuba who feel that increasing it will actually not promote a peaceful transition to democracy. The disconnect is manifested itself at its time that an ailing fed up cashers no longer in power in Cuba having temporarily transferred authority to its fact, brother Raoul. And last month, Democrats took control of the housing senate, which could trigger a re-examination of US Cuba policy, for which I say, Oh, right. Just last week, US representatives, Eliana Rosanna Dana Rosladen and Mario D. as Bullard rams with fart on a plane, appeared on a popular Spanish language television talk show on Mono Limpia. What does that mean? Olymprist? Okay. We'll say to Fenty-D US policy to your Cuba. Of course. Well, you expect to come up with a right wing lunatics. All right. The station conducted a viewer folder in the program and showed that most colors favored easing of travel and returns restrictions. How do you like that? And no sure we're not know. Crackers are calling in on that show. What is that show on Mono Limpia? What is it? Clue hand. Yeah, where do they stick it? We're on the very important potentially monumental changes in Cuba relating to Fenty-D US democracy. The state representative David Rivera, who spearheaded a call for years ago for the Bush administration to tighten the US embargoing. Now is not the time to be considering any relaxing sanctions on the Castro dictatorship. That's not an option for the administration of the majority of human Americans. Consensio Cubano. What that sounds almost a tini. Consensio Cubano. That's because of the way I said it with little little small, you know. See, it's tini's more small to the next one. You'll ask for no say. Beautiful language, which you'll never hear it's book and so forth. But it's tini's more small to the next one. Consensio Cubano. Chincuenta banana. Which includes mostly moderate ex-algorithms. You sound like I'm losing my mind or what? A little bit. It's already gone. It's great. Good. It includes mostly moderate ex-algorithms such as the Cuba study group democracy movement and the Cuban American National Foundation the CA and F.A. Planned Seoul and New Wisconsin today. Consensio Cubano. Consensio groups are also asking the Cuban government to look for restrictions on family travel. The measures which limit over the nine Cubans, their fundamental rights to travel to and from human for humanitarian or family reasons. And they're both to freely send and receive personal and family aid. Violates the fundamental rights of Cubans that consensus humanitarian agenda. What's their homosexual agenda? Ask your PCA to take the director of the Institute of the Estudios Cubanos. It's said not to be confused with the Cuba study group. This is too complicated for me for this old fact. Said, curve restrictions on family travel and humanitarian assistance to be intended a democratic transition on the island transition. So what was that about McGill and his wife? First of all, my personal opinion is that we've seen that current policy is working. VCO said, well, that's very sad news, whatever it is because it's not good. You're not coming on the air. But we all have our issues. You know, we all have our personal access to grind. You know, we all have these mountains to climb and things to overcome. And we shall overcome and get all another day. 1336, who is your favorite choice? I'm not going to read it again. Just going to be able to talk to again. Keep only the al-Gorzaza, waltzing away, man. Maybe he can be on dancing with the stars. If there's a more stupid show that's ever been on. You know, I'm going to say this. All these VLD shows are stupid. So Calvary, all of which is all bunch of crap. Dancing with the stars. Oh my God. I wish you a car was still around. Here's Joey Carr on dining with a star dining and dancing. And his brother, uh, was his name Steve Cohen. How can you be, uh, I still wonder, how can you be Joey Carr and your brother's name is Steve Cohen, you know? And Marty Cohen. I guess he somebody changed their name. Not Joey. Good Jewish boy. Al-Gorz364, Barack Obama 347. How could we didn't have any more faches about the Laira King story today? Ha ha ha ha ha. Wow, it's only from Monday, you know? Make sure we know that Laira was a deadbeat in South Florida. And then always a lot of people might say, and they're never going to pay back. And you know what? Who cares? That's up to him. He's still being able to pay him back and out. He's still still being able to punch back. He's, you know, 100 years old. And a compulsive chronic BS artist. 32QAM Hello. Yeah, what are your three favorite sitcoms recently? 32QAM Hello. Okay, thanks, Joey. QAM Hello. Bill, but you're a bit with the sir. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, George. Thank you for letting me show yesterday. Trigger on, George. Thanks for filling up. Fill in for me. I was having a nervous breakdown. I was mentally unfitted with a show. I'm glad you're back. And, you know, I'm good call yesterday. You know, it weren't too loud. And that's one of the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I got a, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I went out to the, I think. All right. So, okay, over 80 years old house cars had two. Nothing for one person. okay. You want to talk about the rhythm. Okay, What's up. All right, All right. All right. Okay, all right. back and wash all my outsource away. I don't have any source. Everything is fine. Life is fine. You do the best you can and crap happens and people did it will be in. That's just the way. Okay, so we're out. Exactly. Not going to be any sweat off of my fat ass. 1341, who's your favorite trend? By the way, it's just one of those things. It's Miguel's fall. And what is why I've left them? Favorite choice for president in 2008? Well, he's very easy going guy. Maybe that's the problem. He needs to be a little more assertive. If you think. Look at the way. Look at the way he kept running away from the reem all the time. My god, she kept chasing him up and down the hallway and then Josh's mother started working there and like, because somebody was chasing her all around. Who was that? Who was chasing Josh's mother up and down the hall? Maybe Belle? Take it was me. No, it was not. I don't know. I was 365 Barack Obama 348 Barack has started to fall back a little bit. Al Gore with a 17 vote lead. He better double their triple life because you know they throw a few of his votes out. They just don't like him. He's big and clumsy. But I've said he one thing. If he gets on stage with Tipper again and has that four play on stage. Wow, remember that? That big deep throw. He stuck his tongue out. Yeah, it didn't help though. He was still boring. Q a and hello. No, no, I'm not gay, but I want to yank on something. Okay, yank on this. W Q a and hello. Q a and. I put a fourth point. I bet you did man. No stand up in my fall. Yeah, he put it in there man and they're just like Meg Green with their money. She's set up to the end stuff with fall right out. We still have that. Yeah, I'm sure I think it's in a cart. Oh, God, but I give anything to have that. Meg Green and money. No, no, no, got it. You got it. I don't know. I'll look around. No, I don't have to look around. It's not that good. What's the other Meg Green thing we had? I can't have a friend. No, Meg. Randy called Randy call. Randy call. Code, that was the Randy call with Meg. But that's one of my favorites with the goddess. What a house at the piece of crap. Here it is. Oh, Randy. I don't hate you at all. Congratulations. Yeah, that is your Meg. You want to know something? Truthfully, I'm happy for you. Why are you happy for me? Because I am going to my boat. We're going up for crews. I'm having for the 4.5 years. My first weekend off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion thing. No, no, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station on us to God. I do. Really? Trust me. I'm not lying. I call to congratulate you. Well, Meg, I just say, can I just ask you one last question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WL today? I made a mistake. I made a bad call. Sam, I'm listening to you. And I think you're fun. And I think it's perfectly okay to have relaxed and have fun on a weekend. Honest to God. I needed to. Yeah. How's that? And I've been enjoying listening to you. And it's no full. Now. How about the day? See you. Don't believe a word of it, man. Sit here and trash me for a whole afternoon. A whole afternoon. Said he didn't have a chance in hell. I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here? Boy, Gary made a big mistake. Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. So she's going to kiss a little butt. The biggest name. So best talent. So the biggest. You're Rogers. Sports Radio 560. So this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. All right. All those garlic crystals. All those garlic crystals. What did you know Charlie Chris is not straight. He's a queer. He's just been a like the totally for a dog. But he's got a secret that I think you should hear. We all know Charlie Chris is the all-known Charlie Chris. But he did the Charlie Chris is not straight. He's a queer. Come out of the closet and be who you want. For my folly and what happens this year. We all know Charlie Chris is. All know Charlie Chris is. You know Charlie Chris is not straight. He's a queer. I mean the reason of craft cheese right now. You're a least favored. Yeah. To mess up. I'm dead. That's my lunch. Sorry. Hey, listen 1808 and I scale it a mile. I get your tea out, but you're alive on it. That'll be like 1807 or less. I wish you want a bed. How about a slice of cheese? I got to take that bed. Why not? It's with my Wednesday. Chris maybe I won't be there that long. Maybe I'll go in and find a great hot machine right off the bed. And maybe it'll puke off before a grand right off the bed. I'll run right out of there. And come home and eat up a store. I doubt it though. See, one thing about losing weight. And it is when you're doing well. Yeah. It gives you the incentive to keep going. I was like, oh, gee, I don't want to have any ice cream today because that's going to spoil it. Yeah, my blood sugar is spiked way up there. And like that. You know, I thought you were going to say when you're doing well, you feel like you have some room. You have some slack. See, there we go. Like on. I thought you were the guy that's like always bitching me out about the fan. I am. Well, don't be talking crap about slack. Jack. By the way, for all you Queens out there, I just, you know, a little piece of advice having learned the very difficult way during the course of my life. Here's a very important piece of advice. Okay. You're listening? I'm listening. All young. Hot looking. Head of a sexual guys have the same initials, you know what they are? Yeah. It's just what you have to do. Look it up in the book. Look Google. Okay. Well, I'm just telling you that that's what life is all about. I mean, you obviously already were that, but that's just a good lesson to keep in mind. Well, I know a similar situation. Yeah. Well, it's, yeah. 370 4356 gours on top by 18 over Barack Obama and you know the interesting part about that is Al Gore was the vice president for two terms over Clinton. He ran in one should have been in the 2000. And so everybody knows from Al Gore. I bet there's a lot of people. He would all be a press in the policies. Getting them all with glitz and glamour. They wouldn't know Barack Obama from, you know, Al Sharpton. You're right. So, for maybe 150 pounds. They'd a lot more people than Al Sharpton. That's correct. QAM Hello. Or Jesse Jackson. Yes, sir. I got a freaking deal. Speaking. Neil? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Hey, my on the air. Are you listening to radio or you, uh, you know, go your finger and you know, it's come on. I'll listen to the radio. Well, turn it radio. We don't want you listen to the radio because it is 80 minute delay. Just turn the radio down. Yeah. First panel. Obviously, I just want to call the same. We miss George. We love listening to George. Yeah. It's a bad. Yeah. Can't even say what the straight face. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. You mama. Five six. And he wants to date. It sounds like the 90. CT. Not my type. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five. Sixteen. They've arrived in singular wireless lines. What what are how long him and his boyfriend took to work at that work? Of huh? Probably somebody resentful of the truth. I just said they were about the CT factor. Curtis Taylor, he plays for. Oh, by the way, where does my very jackass column? Wow. Where is that? The dolphin suck. Okay. So you have no said. Isn't that big in with the, uh, Patriots this week? Yeah. Well, big game for who? Big game for the Patriots. Not for the dolphins. Dolphins are going anywhere. It's the pass at the, uh, at the fish. Well, the home game. But a tough one for the Patriots. Well, that's, that's when they're, that's when they're like caught out of where's, you know, with their pants down. Anybody want to see Tom Brady with his pants down? I got my head up in the air, but anyway. Just one of those things, man. Very jackass writes in the Herald this morning as he's eating his little, still below me sandwich. For dolphins on a Wayne Heizmann, Panthers owner, Alan Cohen, there have been plenty of pitiful, a painful parallels this fall and pitiful. Both spent money freely, except expecting long-awaited playoff versus both lost and lost their star off season acquisition to injury. Then he caught pepper, Tom Brady, both of them see their offences, butter and then jack Martin by the way, Jacques Martan, Froggy. He's got the admitted, again, and called to admit to the public that he didn't know that Tom Brady, too, he had a bad back when they traded away Bobby the Longo. Hey, jack Martin, and you're an idiot. You're a quizzling. You're a frog. Well, I just put out a little piece of cheese there. Well, put it right back in. What? Well, it's just on a piece of paper. It's not like I'm eating, like, schmutzie cheese or something. You might have a total slab, although. Both spoke in like this week, casting a express disappointment and reporters money and rest other topics in the phone conversation. Though the dolphins often resist to giving large signing bonuses or free agents, heising you said, Snick's Sabin was 17-28 within a campspace. We'll give as much money as he needs. If you want to make a splash in free agency, that's the next decision. And philosophy is you spend the money when you're only one or two players away. If next is he's ready, we've never said no. Yeah, that's how I feel. If somebody says they're ready, I assure you, so I wouldn't say. We're in icing down. If they're good. He's indicated he's not agonizing about a quaren kelp ever instead of Drew Breeze. Oh, yeah, I'd much rather have Danny kelp ever than Drew Breeze. Just like I'd much rather have Chris Wells than, you know, say a dug wait. We got advice from five or six doctors all around the country. I give our team doctor credit for telling us to talk about that. Doctors maybe wasn't the right decision, but it could be too soon to judge. You know, that the walking statue, that the shuffling statue Danny kelp ever who can't move and don't play. I got news for a man. When you're, when you are shoved out of the way by Joey Harrington, you know, oh, man. On his 13 year run a soul owner, 114-90 regular decision before and seven postseason, and likely five consecutive non-play off years, not likely Barry, five consecutive. Hising to said, we're one of the winningest teams, but that does mean anything else to the fans. All I want to know is what's happening now. I wish we could have delivered more. He said, deliver mode. Right for the dog. And watch people run and scream. Beyond kelp, it was injury. He says he insured by his team has disappointed. I can't explain what's happening. He said, no, he might still succeed. When he speaks with a different quarterback in different asses and coaches, when you see how they played against Chicago, you say we're just about there. But we fell flat Sunday. I flat on your ass Wayne. Cohen, meanwhile, called a season, very disappointing. But I like the past that he won't replace key people. Coaching general manver, Jacques Marta Martan, Jacques Strat. Well, get as long as he needs to get the core group of players that know how to win Cohen said, we're not like in any bad contracts. We'll be able to reshared the team pretty quickly. This team's got enough talent to win. We just need to change players until we find the next bad wins, he be saying. Cohen who raised the teams payroll the season from $29 to $41 million said when he became owner in 2001, I thought I could get us to be a perennial playoff team. The first three years under the old CBA, the chances for success were limited. He said, but the last few years, we should have been able to make the playoff. Did they make the playoff? Very says, they're on pace to miss the playoff for the seventh season in a row. Seven consecutive. See if they count them, baby. Count them on your five fingers. A thread account. We're going to make over 14 and reports today. Aren't you proud? Okay. Not excited, but proud. The real thing. The reincarnation of Peter Proud. You still didn't see it. My course is in the on the other side. And Jennifer on the other side. Sure. Dan Goodfly. How it ends. To make Peter Proud. Who's your favorite choice? Don't forget CT. Who's your favorite choice from president in 2008? Al Gore 380, Barack Obama 357. What's having in my man, Barack? And George is man, Barack attack. Huh? Well, I said, I'll go. They're going to make him sit in the back. Well, Al Gore is white. And he's got that, uh, so he has wife. They're wants to censor all the music. Just keep that in mind. Okay. If you get Gory, you get topper 2. Remember that old saying, Tipee Canoe and Tile, Tipee 2. Tipee Canoe and Al Gore 2. Whatever that was. Al Gore 380. Oh, Barack Obama 357. By the way, something. Yeah, I'm look what I found. What's that? Make green on my mind. All right. Oh, man. Meg Green on Monday. This morning at 10 on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News talk radio, 610 Wild. Oh, man. Well, that's awesome. Wild. Oh, I hate that station. So now, Meg, the money keeps flying out. God, receive something or what? She is a pick. Dave Johnson, not the racecaller, but the guy to wear these columns. I'm smirkling, chip. Right. It's kicking in 82. I just put out some more cheese, damn it. See, that's what happens when he gets to be a daughter in the corner. At least, I didn't go flying out. You know, I'll be before I go to that. We better take some of these really good calls. QA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I was just, uh, when I was listening this morning, you talked about your, uh, that experience on the plane. Yeah. I had a similar experience. I'm sitting on a plane, totally empty plane. There's guy sitting behind me. I said, oh, the entire empty plane. I could send me a visit behind you. Well, I'd just sit. So I turned around. I go, did you just find it? And he looked at me like, and I said, I, you just farted on an empty plane. You could have said anywhere else. You're sitting behind me and you'll let one go. Yeah. I am very soon so bad. He ended up getting up and moving. Well, good for him. Next one job, Halley. Nice story made up. Dave Johnson says, Dooney Carter's not remembered as a great president. Most folks might even consider him a failure. A former peanut farmer from a plane's Georgia. But why exactly do we hold one of the two democratic presidents of the last 38 years and start to lower steam he asks? Isn't this the man to held the company together in the years after water hit, didn't he bring decency and honesty back to the White House? Uh-huh. Yes. It says. I'm just reading what he writes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Isn't it a great American success to recommend to come from such humble beginning, serving the fence of his company then a send to the highest office? Yes. He says. Yes, Dave. Isn't it remarkable that back in 1979, he declared the energy crisis is real. It's worldwide. It's a clear president of the major to our nation. These are the facts that we simply must face them. Isn't that leadership envisioned? Yes. But it was like to see this drawing as well. I remember his a Jimmy Carter. I remember his last with the poison of right wing smear campaign because when Jimmy Carter encouraged us to face the facts of the energy crisis, he faced off against the oil companies and is the decades past. It's become sadly clear that the nuclear physicist Dave Loughes is a peanut farmer came out the worst for it. He was portrayed as a naive and civil man, civil and it was routinely mocked. A bit man's legacy was taken down. What's some of you is terrific achievement such as reducing America's oil imports by 1.8 million girls a day or getting the cruel windfall profits tax passed to help fund his energy policies and his fur copies that go around by chance. All this viewed as terrific challenges to their businesses. According to AmericanPresident.org, a comprehensive nonpartisan resource available on the history and function of the American presidency, Carter accomplished the great deal of the president, especially his energy packages, but the perception of his leadership did not correspond with the reality of his performance. Millions and dollars of smears and the tax will do that to a man. We see the same happening to others over and over again to this day. As Michael Ducacca's a round-core or John Kerry, ready to multi-do victims of the rights smear machine. We know that companies like Exxon Mobile created what investigated about the author George Monbot, but what was named as called the Denial Industry. Consisting a PR attack firms fully grassroots astro-to-forganizations, think tanks, political front groups and others, all well paid to confuse the public with the facts of global warming and court of Monbot. By funding a large number of organizations, Exxon helps to create the impression that doubt about climate change is widespread. For those who don't understand that scientific findings cannot be trusted if they have an appeared in peer review journals, the names of these two types of subjects that seriously researchers are challenging the consensus. I'm going to be late on a break, but you know what to bet. I'm going to finish this. But we can see all around us the effect of this kind of operation and the tragic consequences that we've already been dealing with problems like global warming. We can see the effect of similar operations on our health care policies, our disappearing functions, our low minimum weight, our campaign finance system, our reduced jobs to create in so many other areas. With this in mind, the question has to be, as is our negative for seven Jimmy Carter come from the same kind of corporate sponsor, manipulative operation. Does it come from the same kind of smear operation as the one that led to the impeachment of Bill Clinton and the script voting of John Kerry? Was our perception of Carter formed by an attempt campaign from the Van Nulli Organized Web of right wing conservatives founded by extremely wealthy individuals, corporations and foundations. Jimmy Carter has spent his years since the White House's admirable is any former president. He's focused on hunger and poverty and promoting democracy around the world. He spent years far from the public view. But now Jimmy Carter's again been doing interviews in press. Now at age 82, he seems to have been moving toward a respected elder statesman rule. So this this weekend, anonymous caller into a cease-banned interview, granted it to me, Carter calling him a bigot and erases an anti-Semite. The caller continued accusing Carter of co-using up with a ridiculous thug Islamic terrorist derives. The writings of a lunatic committed through the pre-call screening somehow right. Time to protect the systems make sure it never happens again. Now this is the result of a coordinated smear where the charges Jimmy Carter being an anti-Semite echo through the right wing blogs and straight to the Fudge Report. A man, do fairy. This attack was amplified by numerous current right wing online attacks on Carter as sites such as fundpagesmag.com. From the right came a wave of attacks, Carter has been trying to after Jews. He's friends with terrorists. He's this. He's that isn't and isn't a little pathetic. Not to the far right, it's not. Not to those who have spent 40 years developing in machine that tells us the myth of Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush and would be Julianne while giving us the smearing of Jimmy Carter, Mike Duke Caucus, Al Gore and John Kerry. Now even if Jimmy Carter's 82 years old, they dedicated Pupis Served in American here on the twilight of his career. If people are actually listening and liking what they hear, it's time to smear. We end the rough this program with a special stay to much from the Vatican. Hey, how you doing? This is the Pope. A lot of people are saying that I hate Turkey, but nothing could be further from the truth. I love Turkey, especially with the cranberry sauce on the view as interesting and the venerment that sniffs the whole boy. That was that? Oh, you mean the country of Turkey? Oh, yeah, I hate those guys. I'm not real fond of the other Muslim countries either, but don't put that on the radio. Okay, it been in it out. Yeah, he's the best. And this Pope was not too happy with the Swiss Guard. He said there was our too many CTs in the corner. They changed some, they moved some heads around. 1397 on the pole. Well, we're going to make 14. I really easy. We're sliding through that, you know what? Yeah, we're sliding into the floor. And the top two, your choice for a present in 2008. Who'd you like to see? You're very favorite, El Gore, 384, Barack Obama, 363. Wow. 21 vote Lee for El Gore. Hillary 171. She's, you know, I'm I'm Tonya. She'd be a deathwood. She'd be another Michael Ducaca, another Walter Mondale. Another George McGovern. I mean, you know, not bad people, but just losers. You know, guaranteed loser. That's sweltering. Any argument? Nope. 560560, pound five 60 liberalized and singular wireless lines. But I said, if this thing has flown along here today, I got my shirt on my pantaloonies, my shoes. You're ready to make a right. I had my lunch. So he says a crap cheese or a craft single about your two sport in a two. I got my two in my jacket part. Are you crazy? You think I don't have my two? I got a two. I got a two. I take my two. I go see the Duke before I puked. Let's see. Oh, it's a 38. It's really toasty other. It's a little on the murky side. We had no snow on the ground. We had like a little dusting, a little toasty, and dusting, but it's toasty now. Man's 38. It's great. WDQAM. Hello. You're my lunch. Newo God. Yes, sir. I have two things. They'll, I'm on Olympia and the context that they're using, I mean bare hand like a bare fist fight. Olympia, Olympia, Olympia, Olympia. Exactly. Whoever goes there to debate is a monolimia like bare fist fight. That's what they're saying. And I understand that because Danny, Jimmy, can you say that? Jimmy and Danny and now get it right. Jimmy and Danny. Is that it, buddy? Yes, it's been a long time. Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny. Hey! Just. Miramar, hello. I can hear me okay. I've got a question about Jimmy and Danny since your way. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and. Okay, I'm doing. Give me in Danny. No, give me in Jimmy. Exactly. Okay, I have you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right, they are so good, man. Soft Florida, make it officially. Run out of material, baby. Can't even make it do the end of the year. They have run out of material. Of course, that's not new. If you say to be talking about it yesterday, then happen like what? About 10 years ago. Like when we came to QA and like nine years ago. In fact, it's getting really close to my anniversary number. Yeah, on QA and December 30th. December 30th. About 30 man. Am I right? Sounds right. Then we sat down there on the second floor and that pots together were a studio there. Hmm. Well, that was something. With a bunch of, we had a big jar of crazy glue on the one side and then a big jar of Vaseline on the other side. Greg Reed put the glass on here. And you can only imagine why. WQA, I'm hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Will you please save me to run a repride? No, I don't think so. Please, please. And I would have worked like that. WQA and hello. I might have been her. QAM. Yes, please tell George to come out of the closet. Okay. Huh? He will. WQAM. Hello. The big jar of crazy glue. QAM Vaseline line. Hello. Nobody there. But as this is well, man, maybe they slipped away. They were still in sign. I got a really, I got a whole bunch of calls there. But you know something I don't want overdoing, right? Oh, come on now. Let's ease back into the calls, man. Let's ease back into the disease. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, hey, on the book. The Miller wrote, I didn't want to play hide of you. Okay, great. Give him a big kiss for me. Okay, sweetheart. WQAM, hello. Hey, what the hell is balla-genus? Boba-genus. Skin to bobble-doo. I will check and read the name of this, Osuwitz's last name. Estana Slao, Osuwitz. The rich really do own the world. A major study of wealth distribution reveals the riches 2% on more than half of the little household assets. For those who aren't wealthy, it seems blindly obvious that the rich own the world. Now in a first ever exhaustive study of global wealth, it's clear just how inequitably the riches are spread around. The rich is 2% of adults own more than half of the little household wealth, almost all of the wealth he owns lived in North America, Europe, and the richest Asia-Pacific countries. While previous global surveys of study encommets the first wide ranging analizational distribution of wealth defined as the value of physical and financial assets, minus live abilities. We find there's a lot of inequality, which is what we expected, and that's not surprising said, University of Western Ontario economist James Davies, who was co-star our co-author of the study, co-star. Conducted by the health stinky-based world's tooth for developing a canowary research of the U.N., but it turns out the world distribution of wealth assets minus debts is more unequal than the world distribution of income. The U.S. is the richest country with a mean wealth in the year of 2000, of 144 grand per person, mean wealth, 144 grand, Canada's got a mean wealth 89 grand per person. Is that pretty mean? Lean and mean. Well, in the sense represents the ownership of capital studies says, while the one part of personal resources capital is widely to believe heavy, this proportioned impact on household wealth being an economic success and more broadly on economic development and growth. The study estimates that the richest one percent of adults alone own 40 percent of global assets in 2000, and the richest 10 percent of adults accounted for 85 percent of the world total. By contrast, the bottom half of the world of the population, early on, 1 percent of global wealth. The research finds that assets of $2,200 per adult places in a household in the top half of the world wealth distribution, $2,200 per adult, even a sluffer like you can do better than that. A little bit. To be among the richest 10 percent of adults in the world required 61 grand assets, more than half a million was needed along to the richest one percent. The latter figure, accordingly, is studying a surprisingly high, since it represents 37 million adults in the year for far from an exclusive club. Not surprisingly, given its massive economy surge in the size of its population, China is rising star and accounts for 8.8 percent of the world household wealth. Let's see, percentage breakdown of the world's wealthiest one percent of people. Okay, we're looking at the pieces of the pie. Right. Pucky pie. Stormberry. World's wealthiest one percent, US-37 percent Germany, 4 percent Italy, 4 percent. They only got 10 quantabinana. France 5 percent, Britain 6 percent, Japan 27 percent, second to the USA, Netherlands 2 percent, Canada only 2 percent, sluffers, Spain 1 percent, Switzerland 1 percent, Taiwan 1 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent. What the rich are on? 1 percent of the richest adults on 40 percent of total global wealth, 2 percent of the richest adults on 51 percent of the global wealth, and 5 percent of the richest adults in the world on 71 percent of global wealth and 10 percent of the total global wealth. Honey, like that. A few people with all the money just like me. The 50th name, so best challenge of the vicious view rockers. Where are exploding balls? 1 to 4th serve husband and the other never may every one gets falling down from them the other must be hairy. They become the best of friends. And here's a reason why every who keeps a body for and out of five, Britain fears and Paris still do go and out together, wearing Walter Thompson little mini skirts of leather, two-su-pins of country, hands of rules of the game. And see what they do best in show their girly parts of bumper rotsie. They're thinking, oh, nah, I'm not a king, you're certain. Waking up and to a clock and texting on their cell phone drinking Toma Kazi, while British can stay home alone, smoking so much people, but their brains are one-by. You can stay bedrooms, or most of two-ost, or spend five-by. They go table-dancing, while blowing bubble with their calm and the odds are pretty good, the night is by the threes of and then somehow the whole thing was upon our video. So many diseases don't they have a good idea of all? We think it's rational. I don't know, but it's a hot, you like it. I want, maybe British should have stayed there, he does lose their cave bed, because it should keep going out with Paris show I'm done, making out with every guy who goes up the nightclub high and like this, they land it, you show up, you get a bribe. British, here's a terrace, so to go, man, I'll sit together, eating and making each other throw a prison feather, and it's got more drinking and making from the chandeliers, and what is like when your terrace, so to never meet. Okay, there's one of the great mysteries in the history of the human race, Paris, for you can help man, it's just enough to make you cockah all over the place, but never lies. Or maybe even fart on a plane. 1427 on the pool, and it's a two-hospirase baby, for 2008, it's really great. Al Gore 391, Barack Obama 368, 20-year-old's, Al Gore's pulled a lead man, and typical of a stridey and can back into the stone age. Al Gore gets selected, the typical is going to censor while you're music, baby, no more rapping it. Even a Christmas time, Hameda Ketan, no more rapping it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the horizon, and you write, man, each calls it just ain't like what it used to be, you know? Oh, well, they are really special. Oh well is right, you know, Patee is the right around the corner. In fact, Patee is either like, I don't know, Friday, Monday, something like that. Saturday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Thursday, Wednesday. WQA, M. Hello. Gulf Street. We're on the software, eh? We're okay, great, I'll see you around, eh? See you up the Erotan, A. WQA, M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Starting to talk Canadian, is sir. I just heard that bit that Paris, and then, uh, but he spits bit. Yes. And you got another bit that I think the same guy did. The same guy did the only does about eight minutes of, man. Yeah, sir. Well, look at this funny. Can you play that bit about the transfer of power to the Iraqis? From Paul Brimmer or whatever that is? Paul Brimmer? Yeah. I'm from the side. What are you talking about, sir? I don't know the right. Well, nobody's perfect. I know that right. Man, you got out. Okay, well, I'll try to find out. Okay, okay. There's a guy from Detroit once you're Paul Brimmer in the transferring power. I'm still thinking it's that how will we know when it's, isn't that it? It's not. I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? Well, what's that? I don't know. Oh, that's not it. Oh. It's a fucking joke there. And why should I call this? I don't know what it is, and we're not going to go a posh key around with it. Okay. We only got 24 minutes to go. We got so many important calls, man. All of a sudden, for some reason, I'm being honest to me, they're lighten up like a freaking Hanukkah bush. Maybe they're taking a break from shopping and soldered drop, and, you know? Just like that. And you've got a very good point, man. Beware of crazy people run like a son of a bitch, run the other way. You never know, especially if they're name is CT. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. WAN, yes, sir. Good. Yeah, what are we going to do for the easy? No, the side thing not from yesterday. I'm going to blow your brains out with a big, thick, fat elephant gun, with a blunder bus. WQAN, hello. QAN. No, I am just calling it in with the equipment. Be one with the guy with Mark the Bird, Friedrich, this is place of plenty of things. Oh yeah, right. WQAN, hello. QAN. No, what's up? We call it, sir. Hey, man. In honor of our elderly population down here. Yeah. How about the pension day? Hey. Okay, I've got a big pile. See, I learned my lesson Monday and last week. I learned it, especially for the answer of the week. Yeah. Yeah, I did. We're going to go back to maybe reading like three, four bedtime stories today and filling up the rest of the show. What is really nifty calls. Forget about that. Yeah. A famous philosopher once told me as far as any of that crap, you know, just give it out of your mind. In fact, where the hell is it? What did he say? But got about it. Yeah. Same as philosopher. You know what I mean? Don't go to the door. I'm usually empty Orlando hotels feeling states tourism concerns. Oh, I can't understand why just because it's one of the most boring states in history of mankind. Why would that be? Well, not that it's a really cool, I've known. They're all going to come and stuff it down there. Despite modest tourism growth nationally, visitage to the theme park capital that underpins Florida's multi-billion dollar industry seems to be sputtering. It's butterman, baby. The area seen double these defines in September and October hotel. I can've been seeing coin-to-smith travel research. It ranked worse in year to year occupancy decline among companies top 25 US destinations excluding Las Vegas with a 4.6% drop so far. In that time, the average cost of rooms is increased 9% just over 100 bucks. The tax collections for hotel beds were down 4.2% in October from the same up in 2005 and would have likely fallen further without the increase in room rates. The figures in not a precise measure of the industry's health, the Smith numbers don't include Walt Disney World hotels and neither monitors the areas increasingly were prevalent and popular time-shares. Beyond that, passenger traffic at Orlando International Airport still otherwise of 2.9% and increased to 34.7 million passengers for a specific year in October. But, seeing everyone in these stories is a big, fat-ass butt. The hotel barometer's drive potentially dismal picture in a year noted for its calm and land-extorm season. The main explanation we have is that people use all three of the forms of lodging that there are people coming into the market that are not just staying in traditional hotel rooms Smith's vice president John Freetag said, maybe people are lying or just flying in the go on a cruise and they're not staying. So they can go and puke their guts out on a cruise and get E. Colis and get their wife and girlfriend raped or murdered her both of the above or whatever. There you go, there's an idea George, take Chris to the on a cruise. Yeah, she don't like that idea. She's on that whole scam. 14.30 cent. I mean, you people want to waste all your vacation money going on those stupid cruise ships and eat in that nasty E. Colis written food and puke in your guts out and get in the 6th of the point. Just like I've found yesterday, we're like 70 ripped your kishpies out, man. Like 70 weeks in there, just 30 are guts out. Like you just took a whole bottle full of a riff from my son. Now, George never took into those really strong antibiotics. Have you ever drunk? No. Mediure punk. But someday someday you'll take some of that stuff and man, that stuff just, it like squirties your guts. It squirties your kishpies, man. You feel like somebody did that, it was a force fire in your guts. And now you're sitting there with a leftovers. It's like, oh man, somebody throw your intestines up and your spinkler. That's tough. It is tough. But you know something when you're real surviving your bounce right back. That's what it goes. Right choice? 24, 2, and 5, 60, and 70 filming. Curtis for the mad dog, too. Don't forget about that. Because I was supposed to make sure you know that. I don't know why he wants you to know that. But that's what we got. And nothing wrong with Curtis. He does a fine job. Well, that couldn't really be the out cute. Thank you, baby. You're not good, you're tough. Ah. Welcome back. The outfranget holiday edition of the outfranget holiday edition. There's a little something I wrote that perhaps will amuse you as you will. So, as a Jane, it is holiday related. Here it goes. It was the night before a non-denominational holiday of your choice. And, uh, all through the White House, not a Republican was stirring. Especially after the last election, when we would be hard pressed to find one. And the very least hasn't come upon a midnight queer. Oh, yeah. Joining me in the studio today is fellow Air America radio host Rachel Maddo. Hello. Hi, I love your haircut. You're a very pretty pretty girl. Thank you. And you, you are a girl, aren't you? Well, last time I checked. Yeah. So, how's your show going? Well, pretty good. It's your luck better than getting heckled as a bad standoff. Yeah, sure. You'll see you brought your parenting news in turn with you. Yes, that's just your field key. Okay, so, he is the one who laughs while reading the material he wrote. Ah, king. How about giving us a little sampling of what you do? Sure. We, experts, say a nuclear cloud could wipe us all out. But if we use Star Trek technology, we can survive it. We'll shoot up, get us, shoot us up. Oh, god. Oh, and here's the dad. My advice is, bring extra layers. Wait, wait, wait. Let me get the timing right. Bring extra layers. Oh, dad. Oh, extra layers, man. And I funny. The stuff I write, I tell you, I tell you. Oh, that's, you know, with intern talent like that, it's amazing to me. My era America isn't doing better. Oh, absolutely. And let's not forget our inexperienced intern engineer. Of course. It just goes to show that the current corporate concept of having inexperienced interns do everything, like running an entire radio network. Yeah. Sounds like you, I am. Wow. That Al Franken, a short-stuyer. He really cut into any. He's come to Jesus. He's probably the one who farted on that plan. 1453 votes on a poll. Your favorite choice for President 2008. And we got a horse race, although Al Gore seems to be stepping away. He's stepping lightly and lively. 399. And the raccoe man with 371. Pretty tight racie. Here's the fact that listening for the past eight years, don't think I've ever heard you play old meal. Old meal? Do we have a bit called old meal? We have a young meal? We have no old meal. Is that what they're talking about? They're talking about, yeah. Oh, you do have a bit called old meal. No, I don't. Old, no, absolutely, you do not. Well, maybe I do. Old man. Old meal, old meal, young. I got that. I'm gonna be the one who's been to the market for the past eight years. I got that. Old meal. Sounds off the Canadian to me. Hear that? I don't know if I can just get something to find. Why? Like that. I don't know if I can. And now live from Rideville 7. It's the New Roger Show. Sounds like that. Oh, I don't have that called old meal. Treat us. It's no idea. You have it. You might not have put it in the computer, but never the less. Oh my, god. Anyway, it says, why haven't you played old meal? It's a, a phenom. Well, we're not playing it. But I'm very, because I'm playing that old new young thing long time. It's very Canadian-eight like New young. It says, thank God for the last best of meal CD. I listen to it at a proper Wednesdays. Here's a guy that's got proper Wednesdays. I got what about Wednesdays. Thanks for all the great years in heavy birthday, George. I know name. Come on. You can put a full name on there like that, you know. Sign up. Uh, Elliot. Jacob, something like that. 14. 14. Ten a poll. 15. 15. Can you believe it? Here's something you may not believe when you will because it's America. And you're familiar with what's going on. A grandmother whose conviction for disorderly conduct was overturned by the Vermont Supreme Court will be retried, according to Cali Prasikotters, she'll be retried. Rosemary, Jekowski, 69, a few of her conviction for disorderly conduct, and an anti-war protest at the four corners to the Supreme Court in September 2005. And Rochester, we got to 12 corners, somewhere in Vermont they got to four corners. She was convicted by a vendington district court jury of intending to block traffic, and no driver's law she stood in the middle of vendington's business intersection. The one day criminal trial was prosecuted by vendington County State's attorney William D. Wright and former deputy State's attorney Daniel McMinus and his manus. This record judge David Suntai presented over the trial. According to Wright, Jekowski will face another freaking trial, and if this juncture were going forward with our case, we think the evidence was overwhelming in our view. We think that the jury should have another opportunity to decide Miss Jankowski's younger vendington. Wright will be meeting the office in January after 20 years when his former deputy Erica Albin Martha, Jav Manchester, takes over his district's attorney following her election with last month. The county said she was surprised that the state would spend thanks for money to be tried her. That's fascinating. I hadn't heard that she saved. I'm kind of shocked and blown away by that. I guess he's just doing the job the way he sees it. For a county said she doesn't fear another trial, and she'll be more prepared the second time around. I'm very willing and ready to go to trial again. It'll be much more easy for me this time. She said while laughing, I'll have experience of being in the federal and a criminal trial. While laughing just like that. The county's intent by the RACMENT OF BLOCK TRAPHIC AND CUSIN OF NOIS was the main focus of the jury trial her intent. The state's been court over 10 of the jury trial verdict ruling three to two in favor of Jekowski. After the court found that some take it made mistakes during the trial, including taking away the jury's responsibility to decide her true intent. Accordingly, in majority opinion, some take made a mistake by telling jurors that if they found Jekowski knew that she would black traffic during her protest, she must have intended to black traffic. Sounds like an alien business all over again, don't it? Yes. Right, sir. Then a retrial, the problem is found by the Supreme Court, would be easily avoided. The issue that the Supreme Court does hand is very easily cleared up on an amendment of the disorderly conduct sent to be said, as she was arrested March 20, 2003 during the demonstration, protests, including her black traffic at the intersection of about 15 minutes. Jekowski stood in a section praying and holding a sign during anti-war service and newspaper clippings. Police officers repeatedly asked Jekowski to leave the intersection of arrested or with 11 other people after they refused. The state charged them with the certainly conduct legend that Jekowski and the others obstructed traffic with the intent to cause public inconvenience and annoyance. She's the only person arrested that saw the jury trial. Finding the lawyer might be difficult, he said, or former attorney, who argued a case in trial and before the Supreme Court said he can't represent her no more, because former prosecutor Daniel McMannis has joined his new law firm as a defense attorney. She said he considered representing herself, I don't like that. I hope that some of them will come forward to represent me. It's not a big concern or worry she said, I think the facts are so simple and straightforward. I'd like to tell a jury about that day and what I did. She said, only in America, baby, she's out there protest and your block in traffic makes you go to jail and mud of her. You know, fire ass. 1460 on a poor Algor for 02 Barack Obama, he's slacking off a little bit. 373. The biggest name, so best talent for the business will you rock us. Call God. All I'll go to grow fish on that planet's fire. Not much more than three crazy boys. I'd say for you the criminal and the liar. I just can't have a notice that people. Let's be off. Good for you. I just can't pass my spare time driving down some living. Put them all together so they're proud. So pretty easy to see like a protest and no. But I have a goal now to make that 30 years. So pretty hard and all dead in Ohio. I don't want to rush out here to go. What's happening to the chanel? I just know that I tried. But I get nothing more than a chanel. I can't move it. If you see a moment as I go to my mid-free, you're made up. I work more to tell you that I think it's going bad. If it's still good, I'll make a sandwich later. If I find a night of town, that would be sad. If you push up, you know. Okay, that's what you're gonna do. Bye-bye!