when they make a representation you that they're going to do something and they know full well they can't do it anyway sping out our stern yeah even following all the things they're going on with this with this lawsuit the lawsuit is absurd okay yeah CBS new full well what he was doing on the air and they had the opportunity to pull them off the air anytime they wanted to but like i said the other day they wanted to squeeze every last dime out of that sponge before he was gone that's all isn't just petulence man they haven't got a trinemen's tent i i haven't read or heard from anybody who believes they got a chance of winning that suit nobody i don't understand why you close well i guess they can afford it but still why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why that they're losing their ass now on all the CBS only an operated stations that carried a show there there there are numbers are in the toilet now near the the revenue is way down maybe they're using ourselves to the problem on the side and uh... they're losing their ass and so they're peo now they're gonna like uh... wow we're gonna get you you know what's there not so you said you're earth's while attorney yeah meaning yes she's on the phone right now with joys oh you're far away well it's just pathetic i i just i think i might just play music today i just i don't you can't even get a simple answer uh... and and you when you told me that thing yesterday about the the herald yeah i think that's resolved is it really that was uh... that came from the old sales manager right i know that from the previous regime yeah but they might be an advertised you see these people are making up as they go along you know in other words we don't we don't know what the guidelines are we don't know what we can say now you don't have to worry about playing comedy bits or stuff like that like we do but we don't even know what the guidelines are anymore they won't tell us we got parents now who just arbitrarily is making decisions based on what i have no idea must be his vast years of experience in talk radio pathetic trans today eleven thirty yeah ordinarily i haven't been doing the translate we too much because it's not yet then not to significant but we'll do it today anyway it'll kill some good time is supposing to put you thank you i still use i'd rather kill joys and kill time but what do you think i happen today with the try uh... you're asking me pretty much is going to happen because we got away till next month till november drops off of their that hurricane month yeah everybody was in the tank on your tea the guys across the street are waiting for november to drop off they were like off the air that month right joe and i right yeah they're waiting well i'm sure i mean i had i mean who the hell was going to turn them on during the hurricane which they were even off the air i think one or two days well i had a nice afternoon at the ballpark yesterday well that's good i had a nice afternoon or evening at the woodwind turned out how'd you do was losing my ass and i made most of it back at the end my machine went crazy at the end and uh... i did okay ran out of there the only the only negative thing my experience you know i always put a bunch of roll aids in my jacket pocket when i go to because i keep drinking those night coaxing all day they give you and it gives me odd jade in the kitchen so i'd pop a roll aids every now and so one one time about six o'clock i get up for my machine i put a cup on a chair as the person who watched my um... go take a leak i'm sorry joe is take a f*** and uh... i pop a roll aids in my mouth and i go to chew down and i bit my tongue man i'm going to tell you in my way if i have i have never in my life bit my tongue that bad i mean just there was a big purple lump on there it looked like uh... i don't know look like like uh... those old chewing gum things we used to chew his you know the ones you could have the the little glass uh... grape come yeah like that that's exactly what it looked like my paper flavor by the way but now what i had mine now murric miraculous like i think i was like all smooth and but i almost completely gone out tongue heals up fast i don't know why that is but i don't know but i felt like a was eating a deli sandwich with tongue which oh man how is anybody you think i've written tongue i can't look at it oh like trustees i can't she's disgusting like uh... joe bell i had cheese i have never eaten a tongue sandwich yeah and me and i don't know i wouldn't even sniff it so anyway we'll find out what joe says to say today but it would put about by my earth violetti attorney miss caters on a fall well i don't know i don't seem to optimistic and i'm talking to joe is saying i'm i mean yeah you could resolve a bad about a diarrhea in normal does that make a graphic enough i shouldn't be laughing to this but it is pathetic i mean what what have we we did the obvious question is what is it that we've done to deserve being treated like garbage like subhuman garbage you know and the new guy like i said he's a glad hander walks around a pat and everybody on the back rolly poise a good guy but he is clueless man he is clueless clueless clueless and that's why i see he was supposed to talk to normal this morning but instead normal is talking to joe is because she's a one-to-three-day running a radio station i mean uh... hey what hand do i live with all you have to call up joy she's a one-making corporate decisions on matters like that i want to talk to joe and of course in case the audience would be interested knowing i'm sure they would because they love this stuff there there is nobody who could live in my audience so said all right there's nobody who could possibly worse than running the joint than her because no matter what it is uh... about coming to this one jet no can we do it no can we say it no we don't even get the question out of you no you're not a good no yeah no i think she's got a limited vocabulary but her favorite word is no that's it no no rhymes with more fact you know something i'd rather bring him back and get rid of her ass not even close not even a contest at least he was good for a few yucks absolutely nothing funny about that bitch do i speak rhymes with bitch or should i say that or on your time that's okay you see this this bit this comedy bit that your program director your earth while a former a proteger that he censored which i thought a big deal one with the other it happened to be about the beastly called me the apology and we still don't have an answer is to why it was over the line the reason was over to line it had nothing to do with sexual connotation and had to do with the fact it was about the beastly about our clerics is so terrified now he's he's bring he's bringing curtains of the pens you now listen to standing at his office door now changes under where he took fifty minutes ping in his pants this is the new rod you show us for sure you five yes that's right and listen i don't bother me i'll cutely i don't do suspensions okay i'm the same of what exactly what i'm thinking it could be a long four hours that i wait and i know ballgame like we did yesterday and that was the only thing saving grace yesterday we had ballgame you asked these people a simple question what are the guidelines where do we draw the line who's making who's calling the shots why don't we discuss these things and the if it would put about the new joyous is on a full my attorney you know that that's an answer that's to be spent you talking about my 30th anniversary what a joke not a little last like the old guilty slap in the class that i know you hear you all happy anniversary and by the way a bend over bad really bad bad timing nice going joe valier doing it baby you're on top of it but he's still getting the feet wet you know he's still getting the lay of land please be near almost a month be near almost two months has it been that long yeah it sure has oh time goes by yeah sure does when you're having fun it's the third of March it's the i's a March coming baby that's what i'm going to start selling things here what you can sales manager see there's always well this is coming and that's coming and we this new sales manager won't even show up until Monday saying the guys coming from the Carolinas where it is and i don't know about you but i'm not getting any new copy i'm not getting nothing i'm not anything you know nothing we're not not see no i take that back tough got me new copy for our friend john abaker that's it that's a medley of our new copy dot gets it found over there dot is good they should make nothing to sell all they should make dot the program director is what they should do that's what they should do i'm not sure said when dot was the uh whatever the hell his title's kept changing only with the mode of the first time even then still we were listening to the book of rhyme vits and he would like if he had a question we listened to it together and debate you know back and forth uh is this overlined as it need to be redone should we just skip it all you know like uh adults like adults but not we got your first while junior program director keeps this apparent two three days at a time ago to buy a basketball games and it's uh well uh he just decided and uh if you don't want to agree with me call Joel Bell and Joel will tell you know of course Joe really has got great expertise in deciding about these things that's why joists is on the phone now with norm camp see i don't think i should even be here right now under these circumstances i think i should be in bed well i'm going to listen to you how it's all plays out are you really well what do you mean how it plays out what's going to play what is going to play out well what the cow that i want to hear about the conversation well how am i going to know about that i'm on the air here now pieces to me oh i'll call you during a break i'm on the phone with joists now i got around over he's got a call me during a break my telephone is in the other room what am i going to do have a phone in here while i'm on the air doing a radio show i don't know about you but the breaks aren't long enough on this good point good point out excellent point you got one break in the second hour that's like three minutes of trade outs and all the have already new sales people run around here really yeah i probably don't even know who most of them are at this point or here could have been like a like a like a like a like a a drape like a top when you're in school all your people even a guy and they spun a top when you're looking kindergarten first grade little top spins around that's how our the door is done or it's a sales department just spinning around and coming in and going out you know you got to have been a major really good drama for the audience but for me it's not not my idea the way I want to celebrate 30 years on the air i'm having to make a big stimulus not be able to get like a simple answer from somebody and of course you can't get an answer from somebody doesn't know that it doesn't know the answer to the question i think i'll start the weekend if i asked you about Gary Cohn again you say who that's why i stopped asking about Gary Cohn yeah what about him you wouldn't know Gary Cohn from muddy Cohn okay just cut the crap i met that very card yeah very cool and i see yeah very cool and you met you met a lot of cool and i'm sure that yeah including ice cream cool and that's probably your favorite Steve Cohn oh you want to go this other day oh we're not going to do the Joey Carthene gonna are we dining in dancing we're not going to do that please definitely not Joey Carthene's brother Steve Cohn hey Joey how come your brother's last name is cool and your name is Car interesting question is he's your live by the way Joey Car? No i don't think so i sure hope not he was not a pleasant guy i didn't like him at all how unusual you don't like anybody i told you about that the one of the great scenes of eroidness was when he and Russell Ways has gotten a fight at a media party really oh you never told you that story right no i never heard all they went at it really Joey Car accused him of stealing clients from him good nice going wrong next thing you knew they were throwing hands yeah i'll be damned it was one of the full preview parties and one of the television stations at hmm i want to check it was at that they were slugging it out excellent who won the fight hey it got it was broken up pretty quickly but i don't I don't think Joey would have won if it had gone on right now i don't think so i'm another the crepitol jewel i can i mean the car car not calling car yeah whatever happened to the guy i bet you he died too the guy used to do the dog racing show without teeth on on that whatever that channel was back channel 23 before it became my no speaking lace what that was his name jica used to bet show and then i was that other guy in fact Larry Sam guys guys and very good what a memory yeah he's the only guy in the history broadcasting ever did a show with no teeth in yeah that's it's true story he used to do the dog racing show on tv i know i would swear that he was coming the words he had no teeth in his mouth yes can't about it in a glass can't tell you it's true story can't in the next room i guarantee a Sam guys in the aunt he sleeps for the dog he's i mean the fish is yeah he's gone yeah long gone he was 100 years old when he was on tv you know it was three years ago that's right oh yeah what stories uh anything anything is a diversion is good today other than joys i'm so i'm so depressed and debris to jump it's a beautiful sunny day i'm ready to hop out on the balcony and just jump just do a swan dive you want to hurt anybody down or on the street but uh how's it going hey there's no out there anything so i'm pretty old there was no snow and i'm just uh there's no drop a snow it's sunny there's not a cloud in the sky it's mighty cool but it's uh it's in the 20s but it's beautiful like could be beautiful except for that place well i've got some friends coming in from at a time for the fountain of view tomorrow oh it's tomorrow yeah so you know oh and i know what i want it oh my god boob shambi is going to do for ESPN the Tokyo World Baseball Classic Games instead of sending him to Tokyo they're going to do the games from their studio in Bristol Connecticut yeah well what kind of a cheap dance deal is that they've done that before with soccer lame he's going to do the game off a monitor that's really pathetic they've done that with they used to do that with international soccer they used to do it this is baseball man this is something that somebody in America cares about i'm sure there are a lot of people watching a Taiwan Japan game today that for damn sure in fact what is that on now uh not a go Chinese i got a game over but the Taiwan game may cut into your audience i think it starts in a couple hours good well i've got to get ready to go watch it yeah and Orlando Alzakwiri rock solid appreciate's new QAM general manager Joe Bell covering his travel cost and this week's NFL combine after you've paid out of his pocket the previous three years right so very jackass in the afish rapper i'd like that do you see that i did yeah that's your bell man what a guy i think you're the important stuff that's good take good care of uh the big old man rock solid he's the anchor of the station what are you talking about it's so absurd oh it is it is happy anniversary invited way where can we stick this foot in fact we got a couple of feet we like this stick in there and here it is it's twelve minutes active ten and we still don't have an answer from clearance your earth while uh produce you and gonna blame you for part of it we still don't have an answer for me missed a what's wrong with it bit still i have no an our explanation and of course we who to help might have been time to go to an explanation he's the dictator now he's the new dictator by way of joys i mean he's just a puppet team she flips the arms and you know like like i'm marionette he pulls all the strings so congratulations we're now working and you remember all that stuff they try to get us to sign yeah this this is their way of doing it they're coming into back door now we're gonna manipulate you we're gonna clamp down on you guys we're gonna know whatever good luck to you i was one to go back and be a DJ again you know playing music i don't know what you're laughing about what will be wrong with that i'm laughing at you you can't think of force me to talk if i want to play music i'll play fricking music for four hours if it'll play chinese mizerkers if they want to do it around with me okay you're probably all good days don't want to treat people like human beings they want to manipulate they want to be the big birds boss they want to tell us we can do it as we can you know we can't do that why would they start this back before they decided to put for welfare on here before they jeopardize license joys you and i are not the ones to put their license at risk joys anyway i'm past the first break already we do have few spots not a whole lot but you just wait and see man when i do sales manager comes in on monday it's gonna be ice kick in time baby you believe me we'll be all spots again there you go all spots radio kubi well that's okay it'll kill a lot of good time that way anyway yes that's what i'm for well listen have a great weekend are you going to do the broadcast no i'm uh we don't know ABC doesn't have the found of you then bc has it i know you know bc i didn't mean not be on my my first broadcast is march 24 and bc not that the time let's go with a white hair i can't have a hand and i don't like him i know he had to some kind of a hard promise i shouldn't pick on him but i don't like him at all so you don't like anybody i like you know all Michaels i like him yeah now but you do not mean now Michaels huh oh i got Michaels yeah that's what i said yeah i don't like time ham and he's very uh remember remember a guy named Jim Simpson years ago of course and then there was a plumbing bill plumbing yes he whatever he always had these kind of like they did golf he did basketball they did baseball they're like kind of like jack of all trades kind of guys you know that's what time ham and design bc you know yeah they thought they there was some talk that he was gonna be the Sunday night voice when they got prime time football there was never never a chance at all not having a verse and i've been worse than Jimmy syphilis doing the dolphin me they would they would have put Chris Collins were his and they would never die my place Collins were before he would have done that man i'm starting to get the chills and sweats now well listen have a great weekend no lose to my spread it out when it down spread it out i'm with you as Derek says step right up don't be afraid send it in well you have a better day oh yeah it's gonna be good man it's gonna be great just uh maybe we can get Joyce on here on a conference call see him on day all right be well because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqa on the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next tell her long until she shocks you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today and re one in the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver and tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new you via law the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three foot helper monkey all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm all brought giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and that's it everybody in the studio audience get statement you keep money 10 17 already look at that time it's time we're gonna get with it fine yeah under I missed to keep in for a flying bird that is not an admission guilt mine you I shot a hunter in for 24 hours I didn't see one or yeah is he's gonna be hit on my press release is but that's a different story I tried to keep this thing all of a rush now everyone's aware of it with the exception of prison bush they say my hunting life didn't wasn't up to date and my aim isn't all that great I was never in the army so as a result I was never trained to shoot in that straight so I say there's a catching tune what is this I'm gonna cook so scooter would know I shot a hunter but the CIA reported that the time he wasn't that people were you and if the CIA says it it's going up a picture I shot a hunter but that in no way in the kids that are in intelligence is failed I prefer to think of a diswain the man's face was liberated from the impressive regime of his skull in America is safer because of it but his old business I want to blow out my I'm gonna be on the way to the office and find it I'm gonna be 22 at 56 you've got to be on the van is gonna be on fact we got two hits today how do you like that there's one there's another one go listen to both by the way all right like a boger brains out let's see noon to two we got to the Q and panel be at the shell gas station on Sheridan Street just west of i-95 also have a map taking you to a Georgia's house and that neck of the woods that's right at two far away Georgia have like a nice up a right right through yes give everybody a big fat one or the van a bit to shell gas station and Sheridan Street just west of i-95 between noon and two with our um about thirty these in commemorative t-shirts funny lots of piece of benefit of an impact recipe we didn't hear about yesterday was it not bad for a horrible location twenty and hundred we got plus whatever is going online which will find out in a matter of days and that's pretty good start when you agree that is a good start especially under the circumstances correct there's a lot dark cloud hanging over the show and this radio station arrived at civilizia on all joyous radio I think that we get some new jingles all joyous radio you can stay in joyous for every work right joyous joyous joy for the six p.m. see these in t-shirts available with a big oh rock solid for the grand opening of sportscliffs 8763 sterling road in kuper city that's between four and six this afternoon combined see the big rock solid tell hey congratulations that Joe Bell is picking up the temp you go to that NFL combine whatever that is sure that Josh could tell us what the NFL combine is we do this yeah got to do it far quickly is that what it is you still don't know bowling for combine I saw that that's it what what do you mean I still don't know I don't know and I don't care how's that what is it long story short it's a bunch of tests they give the rookies to see how they do oh my god in a big old rock solid out to that oh yeah see do die every year I was with the guys are what that is really exciting I I'd feel that was like a really I really accomplished my goal in life if I was attending the NFL combine here we anyway my spendel haven't heard from little my class still's in trivia my come on let's go back to the old days it I and Z and KAT let's do this in trivia let's get Bob and Barbara Martin on here with Craig Worthing if he's in trivia Mike Mike says the best of luck in the next 30 years in the business broadcast pop pop pop pop pop toasties etc best of luck you saw where there's merely wobble congratulations why why a little bit well thanks Mike that's a nice nice at a very difficult time for all of us here on all-joys radio I don't know who I'm more disgusted with let's see you got Joe Bell and Joyce and the Norma camp and of course clearance goes without Santa small potatoes here's a fact from Maryland who says good house keeping magazine had a pull on mail body wash and the winner out of 27 brands was a divis adrenaline now I just went and I do have one divis in there but it's not the one I got a couple of acts in there if you want to ask me about it and then I got like I told you spring splash man the green bottle the news is one that is a manly smell oh god you'll smell like hercules whatever it's really good stuff oh I've all those now I got all those s ones I got the pink one oh sorry and I got the blue one and I think there's in the yellow one yellow one's pretty good too but the green one the spring splash you'll feel like you're ready to tick on the world I don't know what you're laughing about it is it's not it's not it's a diggerating man it's good stuff and you don't smell like that when you're done with that I mean yeah like Josh and a beginning oh Joe I don't want to smell like lie logs yeah trust me it was never coming out of my mouth but okay what body life has never come out of your mouth yeah that's supposed to drag it no I know that's what does it there the smell was never in question yeah my first experience was I just felt really slimy yeah the texture well that's what you were using in bad wars you're right you know you're supposed to use one at what now I know what you're talking about because there are some of them they're like the consistency they come out of the you squeeze it out of the bottles like blobs you know your followers or the shower oh god I can try to think of which ones were like that there were a couple of brands like oh fat man like the lobs just having any try to smear it on you and it just slides onto the shower floor down the drain which is good for them of course because you use like tons of it you know you could use the whole bottle for one shower or to try to smear any onion if I waste your this choice okay you back to midi it now seriously I want to world to know I wanted of course if anybody wrote about radio in this market it would be revolutionary but they don't but it's quite as scandalous that we had joy spades who is eminently unqualified she's a medical issues attorney from for junior from the wenners who has no background in broadcasting she has helped to get inspired to put us in a position where you know we're broadcasting like pirate radio with no license has been limbo because of the decisions on feral and certainly to one on stern which was unbelievably old time and uh and her she's sitting back there making decisions what we can say on the air like she knows something about it and clearance is yes man yes man whatever you say man oh yes they say yes you yes man so you know so we don't have anybody on our side and of course Joe he's What am I hey? Everybody. Let me get my feet wet. It's the one for drive-in policy. Why am now? Why is he going to get at least one for dry already? Where's the other way around? Is he going to get one for wet? I'm not really sure which it is. At least get one for it on quote from it. Please. But that's really something that you have your agent, supposed to be called the general manager to discussion in which is really that much of a major issue. But it's a bonus contention. He needs to be ironed up. And he's on the phone with a corporate attorney this morning who's running the radio station. She's called all the shots. We got face people, man. They're called all the shots in Naples and S because they're such great broadcasts. That's because they we know they're crap. I should play that bit, you know. And I still don't even know if I can play the one that I put together. You know the one that's censored one that I clipped out. Oh, certainly not. No? Well, I don't know. Based on what? There's nothing dirty in that one. Oh, because it's about to be the other way. See that's the real reason that we don't want to play that bit is because it's called measly apology and it's about the beesleys and mentions Carolyn, you know. I still think she'd look good with a red rubber ball in her mouth. I mean, that's something by the circle. Cover right up. Who should be that I'm a credit party's presidential candidate in 2008. We asked yesterday. 1750 votes not too bad. Howard Dean 392. Now we're talking. Right. I'm going to say it myself. 392 for how he. It makes no difference 350 and of course that can be for variety reasons and probably right. Hillary Clinton to 71. Columbia records the circle and river ball. I would say 1969 they're about. I just noticed how they are. They have a small circle. See why are K. Yeah. I played that with a disc hockey back in his head. Hillary Clinton to 71. Al Gore 144. Barack Obama 132. Wesley. I say he's good for VP man. Because America's not ready for a black president but he'd be a real good strong for the best. Wesley Clark 103. He's a hell of a deadly sandwich. He might even want to eat a little chunk of my tongue that I chew last night. John Edward 87. Joe Biden 83. I don't care 72. Well that's great. That's great. I don't care 72. Well, you're mama. Okay. I hate this pool 49. Mark Warner 39, the outgoing governor of Virginia who's been touted for whatever reason there's nobody ever heard of him. And in last place, suck and wind man way behind the rest of the field in the dead last. John Kerry with only 28 votes. Nobody wants her monster for president. And you wonder how they were to fix that last one so easily? No, I don't work. So death was just that democratic death was. Maybe we could bring back Michael DuCoccus. Time when you said. Well, the Monday, I look like I'd like to visit Minnesota against the unshared Norman, he used to be Norma cancer roommate. 10 30 already, but we're getting way behind. What time's that blogging on? The Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is red. Good Jannings. What a life. Oh, I mean, tremendous sort of cause. The Sylla Georgia. Hello. Hi there. First of all, Larry, I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Great Forest. Peter, how long things in hell? It's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So I guess now you're really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories with the territory. Oh, Calaflada for Peter Jennings. Hello. Peter. Do you know any dead celebrity joke? No, man. If I didn't, I wouldn't say so. Baldwin City, Kansas. Hello. But yeah. Peter, are the rumors true? Is how really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today. Summer's have been tucked in for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi, I'm Mr. Jennings. Is there a link in on music and hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after. Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. One more call. We have an in the left. Downers grow old. Mr. Jennings. Would you like for Christmas? Saddam Hussein. Oh, so Saddam's on your wish list. Yes. And as his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah, thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Really nice to see you. Oh, it's big and a hell. There's Rick Sanchez on CNN. And he's doing a piece here on police chases. So if there's anybody that they got to write guy there, man. If it bleeds, it leaves and it's, uh, maybe he'll run into somebody again. I guess they don't realize that he's not safe behind the wheel. I'll be out there unlike that demolition course. You know, he's on it, uh, whatever they call that thing. Office of course. Office of course. Yeah. Oh, the obstacles that guy stand in front of the stadium. Damn it. He's still dead. Steve in Nashville says there are Marlins games today. Oh, no. Not least not on the air anyway. The reason I ask you is on the internet when you go to a break to be according to someone saying for contracture reasons the Marlins game cannot be streamed on the internet. What's up with that freaking QAM? He says, that's a good question. Steve, I enjoy. Love you, man. Kate Wade for my. Bob, turn the man. CD to arrive. Have a great weekend. You two, Steve, and I sure will have some good news finally some great news. Oh. Thanks to Miguel. Thank you, Miguel. 5960 off-son line. I just got an email. I thought for sure that you may have was from that wrist while I leave you or I can't, but it's not. What? When you were thought? I would have thought that I'd get a heads up for in his case a heads down. I think is what enormous familiar with. Or maybe he heads up and heads down. So how about that total? 5960 on line. So our total including yesterday and that he before 2800 is 8700 bucks. So we got to five grand a send back to the Beesley's. Stuff it. Joyce. Okay. Stuff it way to loan don't shine. And we still got 3700 left over to get started with for a band in Perresco. And it's just a couple of days. That's good. Aren't you impressed? I am impressed. He came in here to tell me the total. We were a lot shocked by the. Yes, he came in. I kept asking online. Well, that's because a lot of people. They don't want to slept all these different places. They're right on their ass. And order it online. The T. Sure. And the CD. Both either one, whatever. There he is again. Watch on a monitor. But I was looking to get said to it as fast as it is ever. Oh, don't run them over now. That would be really bad. By the way, the can you do that again today? I beg your pardon. The violence do have a game today. I said not on the year. I said that I kind of like covered my answer a little bit because I don't know what the schedule is nor could I care less about these exhibitionist baseball games. And that what time is their game today? I want to five so you wish they were not carrying it. Come on, man. Come on. And Marlon fans want to catch a little break here. How did they do yesterday? How did they turn out? They won six to four. All right. See the Marlon's undefeated Marlon's are playing and we're not carrying it. What kind of a stage? We're kind of a flagship station. Are we anyway? We have Curtis to default. That's always good to see. He's good man. Does actually a good show and can speak the language English. Mad Dog at Bonefish Max 4 to 630. Panthers previewing out those panthers. They should have saved a couple of those roles from Tampa when they went to two because they didn't get none last night against those frogs from Montreal. They got shut out one nothing. Said they're playing at Carolina tonight. That could be really tough. Hurricanes are the best team in league for my money. Even better not a lot. Panthers at Carolina in the pre-Gaming 630 game at 7 o'clock with any K-Fall McGame. That's our word. We've lined up. No Marlon's broadcast today. We apologize for that. Here's our poll today. I still can't get over that. Almost six grand online. That's pretty good sign. Those numbers coming out at 1130. We got the trends which I allied when I said we weren't going to spend any time on the trends anymore. Because it's only once one out of three months. I lied about it. I watched it. Yeah. Well, we're interested in it. No, it's not that. It just had a lot of good time. And I'm in six early mood with what's going on around me. I mean, it's not like where it's not rocket science. Okay, Joe. We're asking a very simple question. What's the problem with that? And how are we going to deal with these issues in the future? Have we had some kind of change in policy which would be nice to know? And but I beat but I beat but I beat but I beat. Oh my god. I'm just getting my feet wet. Don't ask me these. I have questions. I have about it all like that. It's it's it's be you know, Hank used the word pathetic. Perfect is the understanding of the century. You know, I mean, nice guy is one thing, but where is the background in talk radio? Where's the background in making these decisions? SCC law all over all these four of these things. I don't see it. And of course, a little parents there. He's just scared of his own shadow now. If you mentioned Joyce, he jumps about two feet up in a year. I thought that. Like that. You notice? Yeah, that's what Josh Curtis told me this morning. He said somebody mentioned Joyce and they just almost hit the ceiling. 750 votes. What do you believe about 9-11? The bushy's allowed it to happen. 3-8 9 said that. How do you like that? Well, you talk about a little approval rating. They allowed it to happen. They know it's coming. Just like FDR and Pearl Harbor, but they allowed it to happen because it opened up the way for all their other plans, which are blowing up right in their face and the Iraqi spaces as well. With that secondary curfew going on out too. We'll never know 177. That's probably the real story. Like everything else we'll never know. But it is written. It is written in the good book. It was only Al Qaeda 158. The neocons were behind it. I voted for that and so did George 64. The neocons. This is part of Pina. They're old. They're old. They need to enable them to do their thing. They're evil work. This is so sad. It makes me want to bite my tongue again on the other side. Even about. Saddam Hussein was involved. 15. Now, we know that he was not involved. There is absolutely not a silly lesson to look evidence to indicate that he was here. And the indiwendo is that the bushy's keep making about. Wow. You know, keep lumping it in together. 15 people believe that. Saddam Hussein was involved. There is no possibility. None. Zero. In fact, I got a story today about those old and tubes. That bushy knew that they were not for a building of Bonabamba. How do you like that? We've got a lot of good stories if I get to rate. I hate this pool 15. I'm a CIA don't it 12. I should have put the dog on it. 759 votes. I think we've got a child in a thousand. Do they know you? Yes, we did. We've got a really good child. 761 is a matter of fact. Who do you believe about 9.11? And you sure really watched that the loose change parts one and two on our website. I don't think anybody's really watching it. It's a little time. But it's really raise your eyebrows and grow some hair and places that choice wouldn't be too happy about. I mean, we have gone full cycle now. Okay. See, when Greg was to see now, you're beginning to understand why things happened the way they grew. Greg Reed was removed because he was the impediment. He was the one standing in the way in making these backdoor deals. They don't want anybody like that. They want a glad hand or yes man. He's been a walk around to be jolly and pet people on the back. And so that choice can sit over to her naples and make all the corporate decisions. Joyce Fitz is a general manager, the program director, the operations manager, the sensor. She is the BNN. That's why we can't play that fit because she's got the apple in the mouth and that one or the other. Greg Reed. Now, the red rubber ball. I think she'd look at what a red rubber ball or normal. She looks like a donkey. And of course in Naples you'd expect. Oh, there's that circle again. Careful. 1042 at 560 WM. We got Curtis and two in the mad dog at four. That's all you need to know. Just mark that down on your arm. Beach Ford is gone mad. It's madness in March. All this month at beach Ford. They've just missed having a record last month. And so they're going to plan to break that record this month. And I bet you they do. Right now, instead, we can't afford F-150s. I was always 249 bucks a month. Which is 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro credit in 39 months. Madness in March at beach Ford means you must be mad. If you don't take advantage of rebates in discounts of up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not in the market for a new carbon. Nobody who is sent them into beach for it. By the way, you're fired, Norm. If they take delivery in March, beach Ford will send you 200 bucks. That money comes from beach Ford's advertising budget. And I want my money back. So it won't affect your friend's price. Don't miss out on this once a year of head. Beach Ford's madness in March is going on right now. We shouldn't tell Paul that crazy old deal, so you can just be in his pants when you say that. Extended cap 4 to 150s is lower 249 bucks a month. This counts in rebates up to 10,000 bucks and 200 dollars just for referring a friend. So hurry on. You're like Ron Popele says tell a friend about it. Be smart, Colin. What's up into town? 3, 5,000 look like tick creep. I must have taken a wrong time and asked in his field. He's been good. I'll pay me a payback. I'll pay me a payback. I'll pay me a payback. I'll pay that payback. How was I supposed to know? I made me feel. It won't handguns send in me other knockout. I'll tell everybody what's up. I'll pay the bill. This bill just seems to be showing how to use a car seat for my baby. Because I need to know now. I do think that it's really me. And I have to much friend. To him coffee tea. Gotta go. Let's call him up and say it's me lose my mind. To him coffee tea can find. To him coffee tea. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. That's what he says. I've finished my conversation after I came back from a reasonable outing of Woodmine yesterday. Last night about eight o'clock, I get a whole my call up, normal can. My earth's wild agent ladie. And after I finished with that conversation, I was so apple-plectic. I took my blood for a shirt. And I'm making this number up either. I never heard of a blood pressure like this. 22, over 94. Yeah. That's a high. That we got a little meter at home. So I kind of doubled up my medication. In this morning it was a 124 or 70, which is fine for those of you keeping track of my. I got it. I'm going to come to my funeral. Start right. The blood sugar this morning was 95. So I don't plan any trip soon. Okay. I'm doing okay. We're like I always do. I'm enmeracked with recovery inspired by these people who are trying very diligently to put me in the grn. You know? I think I think what really comes down to is they don't really want me on the or anymore. So the deal is they're trying to let Kill me. Cause they know I'm just going to like, I'm not going to leave willingly. So I and they sure is all I want to pay me off to go away because give these cheap bastards. So the deal is they're trying to put me in the ground. So anybody that I know anybody who I'm even acquainted with if something grow tests could happen to me in the next couple months. You'll realize the beacelles but it ones that Kill me. massive lawsuit that sounds like to me. Then some good? That's a good? Yeah, I think I have ample, and initially, and of course, Norma, 220, 2 or 94, that was because Norma's so frustrating. In fact, I think he's more aggravating than Joyce. Great clearance in Joe. Huh? Bye-bye, Norm. I want my money back too. I want to rebate. You're done. You're as useless as boobs on our frogs ass. A daytime vehicular crew was said in effect, but I say, curfew, that's a crew. Curfew was an effect today in Baghdad, a STEM Secretary in violence in Edward that gunmen attacked two brickbacked, resisted the capital last night killing of East 18. The gunmen also ran sank of facility and said part of it on fire, and Iraqi emergency police officials say that in a separate attack, the gunmen targeted the power station, Naurau-1. I mostly see at area 16 miles east of Baghdad, wounding two guards there, and that can out electricity in the city. The night at Carter Dresters, they said total least 40. All we want is a little electric, a little bit of water. Can you handle that? Can you give us that Mr. Bush? No, no. No. Don't you think things are a hell of a lot better now. In fact, here's proof of it. Here's proof that we really have created a great environment there in Iraq where before, I mean, Sodom roe with an iron fist and thumb, and he wouldn't put up with all these terrorist groups because they were represented at threat to him, so he wouldn't allow any of that crap going on. Now, US officials tell CBS news that intelligence has picked up reports that Al Qaeda in Iraq is planning what once a response to the big bang, a spectacular terrorist attack in Iraq against either a single high profile target or a multiple targets simultaneously. Your fire norm. Last week's mass bombing in the city of Samara that brought Iraq to the Brinkist of the War, we'll keep talking to Joyce but you're fired anyway. Was the work of terrorist some US officials have theorized? Abum with savals are coway. Remember, we almost got hand, and we almost got this way right. Right, and give him. That seems to be betting that another big bang would push the country over the brink, report CBS news correspondent David Martin. The bomb in one of the holiest sites for she had Muslim-Serafile is all across the country, but hundreds did. Hundreds, in fact, over 1,300 died just between Wednesday and then the weekend last this past weekend. The Iraqi government has banned all private vehicles and Baghdad during daylight hours. Today, the Muslim-Praier Day just is a did last week. That kept car bombs with the military vehicle of born and improvised the IEDs off the streets. But sir, Coway just waited until the ban was lifted. The day the vehicle ban was lifted, all those VBIE, these that he had staged, that he deployed in Iraq and detonated over the last three days, said Major General Rick Lynch, a US military spokesman. And it just go, and Pentagon officials also were that a terrorist spectacitor will undermine administration claims about progress in Iraq, and therefore we can public support for the war at home, as if, of course, the reason. Not too much around no more. We've got a huge pile of stuff here today. You know, of course, 1130, those friends are coming out. And I'm sure I'm going to be getting a very illuminating email from Norma Kent very soon, which I'm probably all the way down here. Probably said this and Joyce said that, but I would better look like that. Now, the reason we can't play that one bit. And again, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, far beyond for me. We got thousands of vits to play. That's not the issue with it. The reason we can't play that one is because it's about the beesleys. And then they're that hotline started ringing. Oh, WQA and Batline. Thank you. Can you come? This is the one. And I'm in the middle of my show. We wanted to discuss this on a year now, because obviously, I can't speak to you out there. No, I just want you to, I just want you to check your email. I thought George was going to answer this call. Oh, I'm paranoid. Bye. You know, I've had that conversation with Norma 15 years. What's that? He's fired. He always calls on the hotline, even though he's got every other number. And I've always told him to call any other number except that one. He only ever calls that one. Bye, my Norma. Have a great life. Don't pick up too many more runaways. Don't get you every time. Oh, look at them. There's two. Let's see. I received a commitment from Joyce. But we, okay, should I read this on a year? I'll read on it. Oh, not for publication. Oh, no, no wait for a publication. Oh, okay. I received a commitment from Joyce Fitz at the station. We'll re-engage the process where Joshua will not similarly or arbitrarily. You'll literally make the scenes on the property of sound by the musical bits, which are created in third parties. But rather discursions will be held with you as was the custom practice in policy and the fact, you're a higher norm. Not for publication, I'll read that. But I'm eating, but I'm going to need some noise here. Oh, I don't know. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. So I have a, I haven't received any mail from Josh Dero. That is incorrect. George has, I have received none. Zero. Have I received any? Were there any with my name on them? You tell me. No, I'm not going through your email. No, they're none. I just did that with Howard David. I'm honestly, I'm in a clear, but I don't have time to read all this. I think it is fair to say, when we, oh, yeah. Yeah, blessed out of their peace makers because what was that line? And no, Godfather 3. He, I, the wall of the wall always get a peace. Oh, and now here's a correction. The complete sentence should have read. Regardless, but we, I see, okay, what is it's too complicated when we do all that on here. Well, there's a little, you know, could have been solving about 30 seconds. Stop burning man. If we had some decision makers in Joe Bell wants to be the peace maker, the glad hander, pet everybody on the back, everybody be happy, smile, life is too short, that'll be, but you like that. Yeah, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a good human man, except what he's not the popsicles, you know? The good humor man, which is okay. He's a good guy. He's just incompetent. Or maybe not incompetent. He's just impoted. That's the word I'm looking for. She was my extra syllable. Impedent. He has been devolved and deflowered. Joyce is a removed whatever manhood he wants to have. He is now just a quizzling. Just like every and of course, Clarence, he's like quizzling junior. So my deepest sympathy is to both of them because, you know, they're not bad guys. Personally, I'll occur in the starting agent of that direction, but, you know, they just can't, they can't help themselves like the foretops. By the way, Joyce said, you can't say manhood. Oh, well, guess what? She ought to know because I understand the rumor has it that he's pretty well endowed. She's in the hood. In the hood. Yeah, she got to find, find crib. Do buy point. Now, see, I gave some misinformation and that's because the Lou Dobbs, who's hyper-vettelating. And I think Lou Dobbs is just trying to exploit this thing and be like the, play the hero role. You know, it was just okay. At least somebody's on their screen with about it. But he has, it strikes me as being so out of character for him, and so in some serious, you know? This whole, although of course he does hate anything from the Middle East and anybody who's, you know, he's, he's worth being a phobic then, a pep you can and if that's possible. Do buy ports, world. 6.85, they did all acquisition of Britain's P&O will close either today or Monday. By Monday, despite that additional 45 day review by the US government response to security concerns, a US Treasury Department officials said, yes, turned day. I understand he is that the deal will not close today. Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kimment told us, centerfowl, I still want the money back norm. You're useless. Although they had announced March 2nd as the closing date, that deal will not now close until tomorrow or Monday. Well, this was yesterday, so until the day or Monday. Kimment made a statement of response to a question from lawmakers on the Senate Bank and committee, but here's the big thought. Here's our only hope, the great white hope. The chairman of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee said yesterday, he would introduce legislation requiring foreign companies to divest any holding of US infrastructure critical to national security, which of course would block that planned sellout. Duncan Hunter, a California Republican also vowed to kill with legislation at pending deal to allow a state on Arab company demands, terminals in major US ports. I think terminal being the opposite of word. He said infrastructure such as ports, electric grids in power plans should not be owned by foreign firms, under his legislation, any foreign companies that own critical infrastructure would be required to divest to its own by Americans, or to the port. You go, baby. I'd like to move down. I'll have a line be kissing in my boat cheeks. He had him on the other night. He'll be bailed be kiss in boat cheeks. That film's back though. Like that, man. He's going to have purple lips by the time that segments are run. Lou doves on CNN. Man, well said I'll tell you one thing better kissing his ass than he's w. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. And by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, return to regular programming here online at wqam.com because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over we return to regular programming. This is the Neil Roger show. Hard to ask. This is a bloody people who are in strict any questions. No. I'm dying out of here. I had a lot of money in the photo okay. We're done with rock rock with rock rock. We're done with rock rock. We're done with rock rock. We're done with rock rock. Yeah. We could so cool. Yeah. We're free. Yeah. You're here in the past. The rest is watch loose change on your website thanks for putting it on. Thanks for you Rick. Somebody actually watched it. There's one. It's not us. I probably would have never seen it otherwise. I haven't watched this second one yet. If you want part two, no. I'm going to burn it. Yeah. You're going to burn one all right. I'm sure that watch it. The video is amazing and we need to disturb it. That is absolutely correct Rick. I should have to a friend of mine who voted for Bush regress it now every day that he did and he had a stunned reaction. Great that he's skeptical and cautious. All he info should be verified I agree. But certain things he couldn't help but accept as they are so clear it's indisputable. I'm one of those who are digitally bedtime stories and read the mirror. We don't lose hope. There are some of us who still do read keep up the great work. Thank you Rick. That's nice facts. We need that today. On a day when again five years of my life have been chopped off because of the fact that we've got a bunch of incompetence of such a silly people running this company. Oh well, that's been a bit of a weird moment. Like that. They're all running while like chickens with their headcut off. I guarantee in fact I know it for a fact. I know it for a fact. I'll bet you Ray Perry's life on it. That's how confident I am because I like Ray. He's a good guy. I don't know what he does. He's a good guy. I bet he is life-funded. I'd joyside off on that stern deal on this station. I could check the calendar if she was here at that time. All right. That's a movie. No question about it. Possitively. Okay. Okay. Daren Tee. In fact the word around the scut about around the building was it wasn't a great read deal although he evidently was in favor of it. Remember he was intrigued by there but it was a bee's little thing because at the time Vizzi was on a stern was on her station over in a West Coast. Remember that? Apparently that's a fun right difference. I was paying him in Pistima's. Right? That's a different kind of good friend Greg. Apparently he was not in favor of it because it's not a sports thing. Oh, I see. It's easy to believe. Yeah. Well, what is Howard's stern oban sports? That's a good point. That's Greg. I do believe that because if an enemy of the West Forest regular one, no part of it was muscled into going along. He was muscled in the fine ahead of Joyce once again. So Joyce, look yourself in the mirror if you got a strong stomach. Look in the mirror and say you're the nasty bitch that had their finger deep inside of that whole deal. Let's got everybody on pins and needles out. Oh, what are we going to do? Like that. You know. Don't look at us. Don't blame the rest of us. Don't. Don't give skilkeys to the rest of us because you make bad bad choices. Okay. Joyce. Bad choices. Joyce rhymes with Joyce. You think it's just a coincidence? No. Not a coincidence. It's part of God's plan. We want choice. We're pro choice on and show in other words. If we want to play a bit, we're going to play it. Okay. And if you don't like a Joyce, jam it. Stop it. Stick it. Bite it. Eat it. Now. And then what Archie Bunker used to say on all the family, eat it. Why? I've got a coffee spell so excuse me. Jess, why is that? He's having a attack over and choking at a flumball here. Well, you know something that's God punishing you now for not backing me up on this stuff. That's right. Waffa, they have a little desperate ass just because you got to have pain in the S-Wife and two kids at home on what you didn't want. Don't blame me for it. If you had enough going on the side, you wouldn't have made that second kid anyway. Just like an elbow. Have you got your pardon? No, call it. Well, there you go. I think Josh can hook you up. He's got plenty of slump over. He's got some extras. Right here, man. Jessica, elbow, playboy, trick readers and the thinking she was naked. See what I said, way that is? Leave it to me, man. The old fart is still got it. Magazine used the keeny shot after readers voted Alba Sexy's star. They've tricked the readers. I think Tableau would get sued. Don't you? They're good, food. Film star, why know that? Films star, Jessica, elbow demanded that Tableau magazine Pulitzer Mark's issue. She demanded they pull it. Saying Thursday that his editors made her an unwitting cover girl and mistlete readers and the thinking they could see her nude inside. Lourous, for Alba Sexy, I'd like to let her threaten the sue if it didn't remove the issue, which features, in fact, I think we're going to send Joyce letter, Thrinu. So, not that phrase, think particular, just in general, just to keep her on edge. I think I'm going to have enormous Senator letter every week. We're going to sue you, I ask you, just to keep her on run on the edge of his theory. If we can cause a nervous breakdown, because they're sure try to do it to me. Payback is a bitch, Joyce. Lourous for Alba Sexy, playboy letter threatening the sue if it didn't remove the issue, which features a publicity photo of the bikini clan actress on the front from the stands and pays for damages to her reputation in career. Playboy is violated in my personal rights and blatantly misled the public, whom I think I'd given them permission to put me on their cover when I didn't alba 24-Stanis statement. Alba's lawyer said that after the fantastic four-star refused to post for playboy, the magazine tricked Sony pictures and giving them a publicity photo from her 2005 film into the blue for the cover. In the February 23rd letter, which was made public on the smoking gun website, Attorney Brian Wolfe says, Playboy sought to create the false impression that Alba would appear revealing pictures inside the magazine. A Playboy spokeswoman said Alba was placed on the cover after being chosen sexy a star of the year by its readers. I do not think she is the sexy a star of the year. She's okay. You think she's the sexy a star of the year? No, she's okay. She's no joyous fit. She was included inside the magazine article on the top 25 sexiest celebrities as chosen an online pool. Many celebrities have appeared on the cover of Playboy, but not nude including Claudia Schiffer, Pyrrhus Hilton, Goldie Han, Rakelle Welch, Barbara Strasian, Brooke Shields, and Donald Trump, Playboy spokeswoman, Lauren Malone. Say it. Donald Trump, OIC and the cover of Playboy, but not nude. Can you imagine all my, oh, oh, and it's getting so close to lunchtime? That's the new new Rogers diet. Just talk about seeing somebody grow test naked right before lunchtime and you'll lose your appetite for hours. 189 by the way, but you like that. I'll do it. If you am, I'm on a QM aggravation diet. Yeah, you just puke all the time. No, he just gets a aggravated. You was your appetite for life. Your however guy, Joe, but man, you are drowning in a sea of a wet foot dry foot. That's all I can tell you. You're drowning in a sea of joys. Little did he realize? I don't think when he started getting involved in this, he couldn't possibly have realized. The state of history inside coast of Salvador, right? Am I want to reconsider? 827 votes. What do you believe about 911? The bushy is allowed to happen. 331. That sounds like an impeatable offense. In fact, sounds like going to federal prison to me. We'll never know, 199. It was only alkada 178. Go ahead and watch that loose change. Then see if you want to vote for it was only alkada. And how about those guys who are allegedly are also alive, including my Hamidata? And how about that last word that someone made it in pristine condition? Out of all of that refuse and all of that crap and all of that explosions that passed away, allegedly of one of those hijackers made it in pristine. We're not not even a page with smooth stuff. You know, is that? Or even my new passport don't look any better than that one. Wow. How much have you been in a miracle? Maybe it was an act from my God or my Hamid? The neocons were behind it 72. I think that's certainly a very strong possibility. Sadimal saying was involved 18. Right. The CIA did it 15 and I hate this full 15. How do 86? We're going to make a thousand today. But speaking of making a thousand, we sure ought to make over a thousand at their two locations today. What are our best of whatever it is, Mercer Dice? But third man. CD in commemorative t-shirt. 20 bucks a piece better than a band in per rescue. We got more than enough money to pay back the measly measly. Now, or you can't say measly measly because that was the name of that bit. Yeah. How about if I just played like the first I was going to have a couple of headquarters of measles, these are the institutions. That's it. Just that part. Is that okay? Oh, I just thought you didn't hear that. Noon the two of the vandal be at the shell gas station and Sheridan's reaches west of I-95. So very assuredly within the hour it will be there. And I want to see some big numbers there today, man. I want to see some big gigantic numbers. That would be nice on the trend, wouldn't it? But I don't know. Yeah, little. And Hank asked me like, what do I think? I, how do I know? I'm bird to leave me alone already. How do I know what it's going to be? I mean, my second powers are limited. And I, and by the way, I never got no email from clearance about that anything to do with that. None. Four to six. The event will be at, uh, where's it going to be? Oh, a CDC teacher. It's going to be with the big. Oh, oh, rock solid for the grand opening of sports. That's at 8763 Sterling Road in Cooper City. And all the good stuff will be out there. So you got two chances. They're one on Sheridan Street. Although those are both in a Broward County. When are we going to start opposing in a date County when when it'll be safe? Exactly. What, what, what year is that going to be? We'll let you know when our people are confident enough to go into date County. Oh, we did the one yesterday. We're going to not yesterday. The one on Wednesday on anniversary. Right. And I guess we must have done okay. We'll be next to them up. Because we did $2,000 on that first day. Actually, when you come right down with that, that's not all I create. Is it, it's fine. Not great though. We want you to read. We don't want you to find. Why don't we raise about 100 grand for a van and per rescue? Is that every hurdle goal? That no, that's sand school. 300,000. Doug Thompson writes, come sucking traders to their country. I sure hope we can say that because that's the it's a news story. That's the headline on the article. I think he says it again in there. He says the next time some loudmouth partisan tube democrat gets in my face and serves. You're talking about how much better things to be if his party were running things in Washington. I'm going to pull out the vote tally sheet for the USA Patriot Act in yesterday's Senate station and ran it down his lying throat. You vote Doug. If we have Doug Thompson take your choice. Where was his party when it came time to stand up and take a stand for freedom in this country? Tiding like a coward, that's where. Only nine Democrats and one independent, former Republican Jim Jeffords had got some up to vote against reauthorizing the fascist piece of crack called the USA Patriot Act. Well, I've said it. Doug Thompson's my hero. Fascist piece of crap and he is the rest including Harry Reid that's come sucking capitulator. Thanks to the Senate Democratic leader dropped their pants. Ben over, grab their ankles and hit a George W. Bush to KYJL and said, do it to me all you want. So this is where I like getting screwed by dictators. It's like what about the leading contender for the 2018 Democratic presidential nomination is so called gentle lady from New York Hillary Rodhamton. Oh, she led Bush do it to her like a flat boy in the back seat of his car. Too late to crack right for a Hillary. You proved yourself on political slot like most of the rest of your party. For he's really peo. Yeah. Good. Excellent. This is the opposition party. This is the party that partisan flame will save this country from abuses and excessive too many years of Republican domination. Christ, these losers couldn't lead a cup scat pack on an overnight camping trip and a suburban backyard. I expected Republicans to fall in love step behind their power mad president and sell out their country. That's what Republicans do in the name of power and control even though a few make a token sure of resistance last year by joining Democratic efforts to fill a bus to pass into the act. But I held out hope faith that the Democrats wouldn't cave and join the feeding frenzy on the constitution. Seriously, right, I guess, for trusting any politician, Democrat or Republican only these 10 voted against the act. Daniel Aglezer all Democrats and the Jim Jefferson Independent. Daniel Akaka of Hawaii. Takah. Tom Harkin of Iowa, Carl Evan of Michigan, Jeffing and then of New Mexico, Ron Biden of Oregon, Jim Jefferson of Vermont, Patrick Lee here for Mont Patting, Warrior Washington, West Find Gold of Wisconsin and Old Bobby Burd of West Virginia. The rest voted with Bush and against Freedom and it includes Hillary Clinton and it includes John Kerry and includes Ted Kennedy and it includes Chris Dodd. How's that? It includes Barack Obama. I just mentioned these things in passing now. You understand. Includes Harry Reid. Oh, those are voted for the act. We'll give us some propaganda to this the path about ending protections for civil rights, but those rights are cosmetic crap. The act itself is a constitution evading invasion of basic American rights to privacy and an abandonment of longstanding protections against illegal search and seizure. If you think Bush was an out-of-control desperate before, just see what Hillary knew with the expanded wiretapping, surveillance and seizure powers granted him and his best staff alike to partner Homeland Security and then we authorized act. Don't expect the House Representatives to do anything to stop this act. The real battle ground was the Senate and that battle was lost when Democrats joined with the Republicans to sell out the constitution. Where I come from, that's called treason and everyone voted for the USA paid through nature. Be considered a trade of their country and treated the search. And the next Democrat who gets in my face to tell me how much better things would be with his party in charge, had better have a good dental insurance plan. Oh, this is real rubbish. A rise is by 16, 18, I guess that's a big deal. But whatever you do, don't get any, any, any, I do. And I just feel that the I just got the disc at the disc at the end of the, uh, I'm on clean. The page we yet act to still allowed government still in your face. They both bend those by don't belong so they can't eat and stop on you. Or you'll see the rest of the way. They can put a camera in your room. Our four fathers wouldn't be surprised to go in in the grave now. Now you'll know what's that we want to apply to new jump-in long rides with a free and full-day white bear-honey. Okay, such to her stuff, for my grand mom's not a nail-kind up, my phone calls. 11, 17, a queue and I go to have to read the story off the, uh, because you won't print out. It's a sun-cental thing, man. This newspaper, I don't know which is worse. At least the hero, at least Kevin Baxter, give us a little something, something, some subtle sucks. Have you ever had problems or pretty stuff out from there on the internet? Or, uh, well, how to fight lately? Oh, God. George says anti-war granny's must-stand trial. A Manhattan judge yesterday refused to dismiss disorderly conduct charges against 18 grandmothers or arrested at the Times Square Military Recruiting Station while protesting the war in Iraq. George Alexander Zhang, saying that his personal feelings had no place in his ruling, so there was sufficient evidence to sustain the disorderly conduct charges and that offended them now for an extraordinary circumstances warning dismissal. None of these charges will be dismissed today, he said, John, who scheduled trial for the 18th to, to the 20th of April. The women members of a coalition of about seven groups that called themselves the Granny Peace Brigade were arrested while protesting into recruiting station October 17th of last year. They said they wanted to enlist in the military to replace grandchildren under Vincent to Iraq. Obviously, we disappointed said they're lowering Norman A. Siegel. Oh, you see that now it's printing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a little slow, you know, like Joe, it's a little slow, like Joe. It's wrong for the District to turn to be prosecuting these grandmothers. We should be praising them in that prosecuting them. We're prepared to go to trial Siegel, said, and when we do the war in Iraq will be on trial. All the one to 18, where Manhattan Criminal Court for the hearing, along with dozens of supporters. When their case was called some came forward on Keynes and at least one used a walker. How do you like that? Oh, Granny's have to step up. You want to know why? Because the rest of the public is rolling out straight. That article by Doug Thompson. Well, he was really wilder. I want to hear his good of it. Cross to old man that he is. Exactly. You see that picture of him there with a uh, the right and the holding on the corn's cup. Our kind of guide. That's a real American man. That's a real or a actual man. And if you, I need don't cry comes off him and they better have good dental insurance. Those are good line. Scott's step. Thanks. That recently released sex video showing him and Ken Rock, our kid rock with several purposes of mental sabotage him. Yeah. Yeah. As he got some calendar. What? No. Oh. Obviously, some are wants to hurt me and doesn't want to be the be successful. My solo career he told AP Wade in the written interview. Of course he used to be with Creed. By the way, I know. Yeah. I was going to say that. That guy's a big winner because I saw one time in South Beach with his windows down listening to his own music. Loud. You. I have it out. What is windows down? He's promoting his own music. The shoulders are better. That's like us. Send him a girl after with a sandwich board. Near Rodgers tend to too. You like it? No. Listen anyway. Scott claims the tape was made in 1999 with stolen from him. He and kid rock of all the temporary corridor to prevent a worldwide red light district from just giving the video or promoting any part of it. Where I'd like with soldy infamous Peris Hilton-Size tape in 2004. Oh, you see that when you had Jordan? Ha ha ha. Had display. They 42nd people clip in the video on its website. The company has acknowledged that the tape came from a third party, but it's not that it was stolen. The tape was released just days after staffed the former lead singer of Creed. Who's very former. I figured for it. Creed sucks. That's why I said that without it. Get a memory. Former Miss New York, Jacqueline, Nishuwatt, Nishuwatt. That's it. They're going to be for where I'd taint my amy. Stamp 32 says the tape was made soon after he was a worth from Hillary Burns. It burns. He said he previously told his new wife about having a wild year and that she accepts the tape as part of his past. It a wild year. You think it's part of all part of your rock and roll memory steps that I should have burned that tape. Just like Nishuwatt burned the tape. Sure, sort of a Scott's stamp. And then he should have hopped in the fire. Then the salt of favor. The tape was not the only thing causing stamp headaches. A day after his wedding, it was arrested for investigation of being drunk at early internationally set for Raymond on that on March 8th next week. You don't want to say it's laughable, but just like my god, there's so much stuff he said, somebody doesn't like you and somebody wants you to fail. Maybe it is God. Maybe it's a God. Staps. Staps. I want to Grammy in 2000 for Creed song with arms wide open releases for a soul album, The Great Divide. Last November. Trust me. It flows. I mean, I haven't heard it, but I'm sure it does because it's him. Right. Here's a real Jamaican monsoon clearing says I saw the loose change 9111 to the formula that I took the link from the website forward into my friends and their friends. Excellent, Mon. Maybe he's got a good computer. Good machine, Mon. Neil, I'm a Jamaican Mon. I believe most Americans don't give it to him about what's going on. I can't even vote, but I'm so seriously concerned about the state of this country. I try to spread the knowledge about how wicked this administration is. Congrats on your... God, third man! Fight the power, keep up the great job. Thanks a lot, Senator. How do we get Mon? Hopefully you find a good machine, Mon. I just got a really good pile here. Now we got the trends combined. I'm going to put it all this tile through this baby. I don't think I'm taking no calls today. I'm just not, you know, we didn't do it yesterday. And I know, this isn't like a permanent thing, but I just am on a roll here. Now, you know, I'm on a jelly roll and post we got that. That norm I can't, why were you talking such crap about fire his eyes and he's in control of you? The hell I am a little hard at that point. Yeah, making all these horrible comments about my close personal friend. And by the way, Norm Jim Storksfield, I'm interested. A small town police chief was accused in federal law so yesterday of stopping would be read that this story is just, this is the epitome of America, right here. Okay, okay, as you see, are you glued in? I'm just asking. Justin, Charleston, West Virginia. Oh, God. Before I go into this story, once upon a time, I guess when I was young and naive, like about five years ago. And I didn't think, you know, and now we got this red states blue states, but really when you look at the places where living and breathing, forget about liberal, but just I mean moderate people, progressive people, people live and let live kind of people. You look at where those people live and it's generally like in the northeast and the far west and like way up the far north, you know, like maybe it runs off from Canada, you're like the soda Wisconsin, like that. Not to the code is because nobody lives there. And the rest of the countries is a bunch of red necks, basically. Huh? That's right. You had that article on there, actually, how the the outer states insulate the the inner redneck core of the exposure to the world, West Virginia and Virginia and Carolina is in Tennessee and Oklahoma and Texas and Arizona and by all the new town, oh my god, all the Florida things Arkansas, man, man, ye hall. In fact, you take a you take I'd say it in Broward from my name in Monroe County from Florida. What do you got? Ye hall. That's what they call Yehogyn. Yeh hall, don't have a he hall. No, no, see, who was it he hall? Somebody had just died recently? Had to be on the road. Oh, they're uh, uh, I think they were what they said. I thought they was in the He hall crowd. That's the Bob guy. The Bob guy? I think there was a guy named Bob. Probably Bob. I'm gonna have to look it up. Bob Green. I was forced to watch that show, you know. He hall. Oh my god. He hall. That's a different thing entirely. It's a really hope it was made in front of rednecks. You see, let's see, you know, what is this message here? Oh, it's interesting. What? I just got that from me. Now do you believe this and why is it? Yeah, I got it here. I got it here in the infuriable source. Who you did? Yes. Before we get to that story, which is very important, but here is a facts that could be, oh, I see it's a facts too Tony, the tiger apparently. Oh, wait, say that. I just come to it. Okay, I tried to block that out. But you didn't. You block out the wrong part. We have moles over there. No, I just dumped it. Okay. I sure hope it worked. Anyway, it's a clear channel thing. David Ross announcement. From Tom Schur, I have, I'm not sure who that is. But anyway, he's some Magufull with their channel and it says, Miami staff. I have accepted the resignation of David Ross effective immediately. Oh, no, we're hoping it's down forever. David is resigning to take a presidential position with another company outside the radio industry. Probably a burger flip in place. A formal press release will be issued today until the median trades. However, I wanted to inform the entire team this morning asking to share and David's enthusiasm to that end there will be an all employee staff meeting at 2 p.m. today in the theater. In order to continue to determine this momentum, we have a Miami, the OS mic, the crush him. What's the OS? I don't know. Something director of sales. Okay. So it's good. We'll be named interim RVP. Oh, they got more titles of there. So all RVP responsibilities. The RVP and the POP and the MCA and the, oh my god, it's just, they got more titles and cardigan little liver pills. That's shocking. Hi, my David Ross. There you go. There's one for you Brian. Check in. Although we have to pass you by the whole committee before we play it on the air. You know, it's a good thing that you always find the capitulate a little bit because I'm not joking you when I tell you this, if they were going to like play hardball on that, you know, I Chris Matthews would say to the side of his mouth like stirring his words. If they were going to do that, I was going to require that either Joyce or Clarence or both would sit there and say, how many just to commemorate you say like 5,000 to about, right, about 5,000? Several thousand of these bits and drop-ins we have in the, for example, here's one. And listen to and censor each and every one is because I don't want to be responsibility for it. In other words, if they're that panicky, if they're that insecure, if they're that nervous about what's going on on this show, then they ought to like, you know, stick their nose right in there. And I'll just stick mine, I'll write out the door and keep walking. This reminds, this takes me back. It's like the day, remember today, I'm sure you do it. How could we ever forget? Josh was there. When Duff Lindsey came on, moments before 10 o'clock, this is after Stern went disappeared. Remember that? To announce to me that he was going to be sitting in that same room where he was during the Stern show with the headphones on. Like that. And monitoring the Neo Roger show for FCC violations. Remember that? Yes. How many days did that last? I don't know. One. Because I told them that there would be no number two. Well, there'd be a number two all right, but probably on somebody's desk. A one to two and a three. We give the whole Lawrence Walker routine all over everybody's desk. That's, and on a little bit less of a scale, that's what this whole business reminds me of. As opposed to just talking to people, communicating a little bit, tell us what's the problem, sending an email which by the way, he told he emailed me, he lied to his teeth, Clarence Darrell, he lied, he never sent me no email about his business. He sent me an email about something else, but that was long before this thing came down. Unless my memory is slipping. No, just you are, well the ice. What is it? I said, you're just slipping, well the ice. And while I got my power grips now, I got myself right. The power grips from my 28 past 11 a QM courtesy to Maddahl before Panthers hockey tonight at the pregame in 630 any entry. Oh, this is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. Why do you best hear father of the bride? She provided us an envelope, pig Panther. They all have one thing in common. They're all van remakes, starring Steve Markle, thanks Steve. No, Hollywood's biggest hack is back with a Steve Martin remake collection featuring classic films rehashed as only Steve Martin can. Like, gone with the wind. Frankly, my dear, Steve. Taxi driver. Are you talking so me? Well, Steve. Titanic. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve. I'm the king of the world. By the Steve Martin remake collection today and then do as Steve Martin does invite it again. And again. And again. And again. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve. Sorry. I do want to clarify. I did be emailed about the first one. Remember when he had to have Boko do the bit over again? There wasn't email regarding that. I told you about the email they sent me. Read it to you, actually. I'm telling you about me getting any subsequent email about the remake or about this incident we've had this past. All of this in stereo as opposed to just communicating to somebody. Here's what the problem is and what do you think and what to be put a loop at a mop? Whatever as opposed to. Oh, Joyce is having it. I was breakdown and it's about the beeslead. You got a rubber ball in her mouth and there's whips and chains of whatever you know. I think you're going to have to sit that child down and explain to him what the sexual activity really means. The fact that those whips and chains are like, if you want to, I guess you can't say that anymore either because you're going to sit with the shape. Stop it. Stop playing that dance. Stop the face there. That's part of that same whole incident thing. Say, oh, see? Part of the same damn thing. Anyway, Charleston West Virginia. See how you keep distracting me from my point of view. But I'll tell you the numbers are coming in. Lay it. Oh, well you got a thanks coming. What is it? It's just a story that you probably already saw. But power. I told you could raise the alarm. I don't have time for that right now. I'll take a puke at it during the break. Charleston West Virginia, third try. A small time police team was accused in federal law studio yesterday of stopping a would be rescue or from performing CPR on a gay heart attack victim because he assumed the Ailey man had HIV imposed a health risk. The log green 43 died June 21 after being strict in yards from the city hall in the welcher community in West Virginia about 20-400 people. The ACAU was sued on behalf of his mother. Felicity Favie Bowman called the allegations a bold face lie. He said he called an ambulance and that green was taken the hospital no more than nine minutes. No one refused and CPR has a sister and mom are saying they can do what they want but they're if they're saying our refused and CPR that is in no way true Bowman said. The law suit accused is Bowman a pulling off green's friendly, sneed as need was performing chest compressions on the man. Sneed was a pastor in Greens pickup truck when green collapsed, sneed head managed to pull over the vehicle. Green was pronounced dead at the hospital after about 30 minutes. Stop turned man. Potentially 5 him. Rose Sax allure with the ACAU's AIDS projects had Bowman's allegations. alleged actions contributed to Greens death and violated the Americans with Disabilities Act equal protection laws and due process rights. Sax had Greens death was tragically senseless because he didn't have the AIDS virus but that of that he should have received likes having care even if he was HIV positive. He was simply a gay man in West West Virginia and because of that we can only assume that Chief Bowman assumed he had HIV was unsaved even touch him. When asked if he knew green was gay Bowman wouldn't answer and refer questions to MacBell County Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Danny Barry who also represents, hey how about asking you I shall answer the question for you? Barry said yesterday he hadn't received a copy the complaint but couldn't comment because he had reviewed and are disgusted with Bowman. I sure hope he's not came to Venirial Bowman from Pompano Park. Venirial Bowman? No I don't. Oh and there's more than a southern star oh my god oh my excuse how about those numbers and they come in in the end or why yet? What's the story? It's 1135 the public is out there and most importantly people are working as horrible god awful business in which we work they're on the edge of their seats now they're on pins and needles they got spilkeys now even if they don't know what that means including Ron St. John hey by the way Ron congratulations on 34 years in a market but you're still small potatoes you ain't no rich Sean you sure is I'll ain't no that's for a damn sure you could measure the impact of the Ron St. John is made in the southwater radio market with your little finger do you know what I mean that's what it's like what what what's what's the sentence with Ron St John I think Josh can help us out didn't he do the PA somewhere like the dolphin games or somewhere oh I have no idea I never heard of the Ron see what I'm saying that's the impact after 34 years I got news for if you're on a year even even on like a deaf people's channel for 34 years and that's the impact you made that nobody ever heard that that doesn't speak too well you know playing those oldies see I guess that's why they call it oldie station over there might be old in music because the music sucks you know that Bob Hamilton but it's because Ricky Tickey are good buddy and Ron St. John over there it's the oldie station could be the new oldies station we should have got the whole people on your lot older nose guy were working at it I wonder who's older you think me or Rick Shaw oh I don't know he's a good guy he'd probably show the holidays it isn't care I mean that cat makes him look I always look probably older than he really was of course he to me I don't know about you but he's always looked the same yes he has has a yes I mean you talk about I'm not saying he looks good I mean I mean I would be getting carried away I was always looked exactly the same old now I mean old but also just not not getting older I mean just staying like he's frozen in time like an awful music they make him play you know frozen in suspended in time you're okay our book Ricky and thanks to that nice uh rejoiner that thing on the Wednesday that's what made the show that's what Joe Bell said that was really that was really a hoot I'll him cute rejoin that was good poor Joe I feel bad because you tell me's a nice guy although you know I'd be high-press to believe it but X-fima chief says you talk about the pop-con and kettle black this is one of the all-time grates here's a guy who all of a sudden turned around and got religion just like Lou Dobbs I keep I mean I spot on my tongue just make sure it's like it's it's almost gone but I don't ever bite your tongue like you little kid or don't bite your baby hurry I don't know all the time and I've done that before but never I mean I uh all my like champion Donna sandwich and all of a sudden the purple well popped up you know like a black and blue yeah oh man oh well I can't hold the hump or like used to get what do you call those things those little dispensers there's candy machines the peas does it get no no no the gum the gum ball machines you know I guess I would have a machine yeah well that's what it was almost like I'm then like purple uh gum ball through now what were the ones the red hot oh god oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh you imagine how imagine biting your tongue and then like trying to eat out one of them right hot yeah I've done that I've you know right like so while I was eating red hot really oh yeah now they still make those the ones that have all the different layers and as you get closer and closer of the middle of you those are the uh how they fireballs you know the not as we know those man those will just burn a whole new life into your mouth right man I've seen some stuff like that Homeland Security Secretary Michael Shirtoff should be fired for his handling of hurricane Katrina and who is saying this from or FEMA chief Michael Brown heck of a job Brown he said yesterday accusing sure off of lacking disaster management knowledge if you ask me put the two together and you got a disaster put them together with bush and you got a major disaster put the three of them together with Ray Naganagan head and you got a humongous disaster Brown resign from FEMA in September and intense come intense criticism and then of course they kept them on a payroll to the summer until people out of the factory was still getting paid and he finally went away. Brown more than 1300 people by the way were left dead in Louisiana Mississippi from Katrina Brown has blamed the poor federal response under the structural structure of the hood department of Homeland Security which became FEMA's paradise and C1DHS was established in 2003 be the Department of Homeland insecurity joke it appears to me that you know and sure off those things like tells me that I've got to go to baton rusion plop my butt down on a seat in baton rusion and run a disaster from there I think that shows naivete about how disasters are run Brown told CNN and you either got to get out with it or move on what you ought to move on Brown he could go back to those Arabian horses as they dispatched lives in that's right up your alley Sally that's what Joyce told me asked whether sure off should be dismissed Brown said well I think so he said FEMA had been marginalized by churroph and his predecessor Tom Ridge and that he had expected the agencies performance to suffer I had been screaming internally that the budget cuts the personnel cuts and what they were doing with Homeland Security was an effect marginalizing FEMA and I predicted that at some point in a very specific memo about Tom Ridge and it's true that at some point FEMA would fail Brown said I just didn't expect to be in the middle of the failure right so he's pointing he's got all a 15 fingers point over the right fingers toes there's a fact where those numbers find away what's going on their way there there there oh good or bad I don't know I didn't look at it I just know I don't look at it let's have a big surprise baby what a good big surprise remember the book the betrayal of America that Vincent bought you a sea author now I remember the book you would about O.J. they can turn out this screen court undermind the constitution and shows our present what's for sure forwards by Molly Ivins and Jerry Spencer I got to get that so where is Mr. Spence could be that he's been blackballed from TV yes right used to be on Larry King quite often but out in the quite some time you suppose that I've worked in like his outspoken opinions sounds reasonable to me Jerry Spencer used to be on that big cowboy hat all the time remember that said I do haven't seen him in a long time it's my understanding he's in the process of writing a new book entitled the fourth wife in which he says the country now living that's why you don't see him because he's telling the truth now and he's from Jackson Wyoming guess who else is from why oh my of course that I did the great hundred how do you like that Jerry Spence tells it like it is the fourth wife and that's what you're living in right now in only 19 minutes that's been in fact it probably our given they're already a new and family the shell gas station sure in the streets west of i95 between noon and two and then four to six those commemorative 30th anniversary CDs called but third man and t-shirt to be available with a big offer to grand opening of sports the city 763 sterling road in co-priced city so you gotta laugh no no go out there and bring us a whole bag of money this is your club versus this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil got he is everybody around the ground accountable for everybody around the ground as a human being on a big disappointment but I got around those and I know that I didn't that was no runs you get them saved they don't will recall again in any way I did everything I possibly can show my support for the club and oh what a job I have and the director of the footballs when I'm mature is in a wee to the teamer and a clueless son of a kid yes kids his kids round those of the bridge you all means is why doubted gone but double you said I didn't want to act on a job and it's your pays off to be a crowning and another wide-masties Christian bounties and national god is down then down with all of us just to get the press out of town everybody go home there's nothing to see everything here is Beijing over hurricane gave us a baby seat for geofon social and to the area like a giant read public is Quain James who's Jesus for our lord and king raise Jesus for our lord and king paddle boon compassion what we in that it serves the right to have this lacks and you descend as you say it's a national disgrace that you'd never black in the first place this is no time to play the main game since we know that every danger caused by things who are not the right god of all my stride with land and car oh no where it's evening the America's right wind dream big everybody my life me and an ignorant son of a big who gets his job from who's a new bitch oh how I'm standing by your baby and horses I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the neck of Jim further down the job you going down to keep my nose round on the neck of Jim further down but I'll keep going down why are you sending my knees down plus I'm asking you that's been her eight many team plus I got it all go send me no more no more okay no more no no no no no no these numbers have had enough I don't want to see no more they're bad yeah they are black so you think are I'm a good friend I said yeah they are I'm not used to turning so many pages to find out number you know no we're on the first page no we are I'm talking about like for the other show oh well and and the factions continue up for an alternate damn thing I don't want all that I don't want I ask one ever tell my ask you before you say yes and no longer do it no this is only a trend this isn't a book this is just a separate it's then November December January little hit cancel and we still got that big girl okay okay so here's the deal of course we still got that bad November on there but I extrapolated it's pretty and it's still coming over there I've pledged that thing about 4,000 times in your damn stuff and still coming over what I've promised my fan asked what is your story I'm telling you I'm tired gagging on it to fall over men 18 plus for the whole week CMQ FAMA all another one of these deals number one no no no six point three share W1 of these to weigh up their five eight yeah I'll sure they can play far south that's what I want to of course once they've remembered about so but it was going to change some things around but we sucked in January too so I know can't use that excuse for EDR five number three I'll do a more this is a many team plus so boy where does QM I guess there's no extra bonus money in there no of course this is in 2554 from a three five to a three point oh pretty wait oh my god pretty lame and what about the CINZ two seven with two one dropping precipitously that scare America and what about waxy overall one eight down to one six but they're gonna drop off that November and that'll be uh that'll be a kiss for them if I can see that because they they were like what do they have like a point one or something November that's coming the next train comes up now or when you what are you doing here this already said you have been said on all the pages out when you said I don't want it I don't want it okay mornings let's take a look at this radio on more see we can't compete with this we just can't compete with it there's no way we did do the 40 great by the way didn't we had it across and up yeah I was busy compiling all these important numbers we can't compete with us because it's all minorities baby it's all you know what they say CM QFM was number one overall in the mornings it's the radio on more no speaking there's up from a five one to a six point two up from fifth to first is there anybody who speaks English in South Florida oh oh hey buddy WSDJ another one of those five eight down from number one and number two in a morning a radio mom B oh this is ancient people what do we what are we looking at over here this is old farts a radio mom B number three hot five seven number three Wild states rock solid with a five three but drop from fourth to fifth CM QFM four eight up to a five two no speaking English big stayed for eight that's Ron and roll Paul not to impressive EDR four magic 3.71 up a little bit must be because rich sausage a good guy that's right because he wants to camp in road stink anymore when you're doing that station on QBA 3.4 oh my god QBA QBA life 3.2 swave radio swave 3.0 and the hopper from a three one to a two seven oh my god oh and then men in black kiss one nine to a two three I guess you'll be the wrong move Raxy in a morning from a one point nine share to a one six so even though the hopper drop he kicked Joe's ass two seven to a one six what that was that one six Joel fine bird oh my goodness Now in mid days Wild continues being a more one of the better drop there when a drop off no member than we'll have a better idea where they're going must be the rush people got the diaries again the right wing is IOD eight one down to a seven nine from the fall to this trend there's just a trend no kid all down out of shape about it then CM Q number two radio mom B number three we're number four from a four seven nine to a four three which is about the same drop that the hopper had but still includes that grow test but they're not gonna make any difference because we still had a bad january right so for hoping to a hop on that band wagon forget about Four three time for fourth with a radio on more which went from a three to a four three you see what I'm saying No-sticketing lace all of that's the new arbitron deal we only know if you people of color and people wrote speaking wish mom Then life then EDR I'm gonna know what it cares about the rest is what about mid days and I and Z scare America out frank and how let's say obvious why they know speeding lace come out Colombian station two three to two eight their climate rapidly the median cartel is forcing Colombian solicitor I and Z from a three out out of a two four wow what a drop off huh again I guess this wasn't just what you call your It was a good month for right wing talk you know IOD Waxy stated a one four at least they're consistent midday a one four they're like 24th They're like basically almost off the year nice going Joel Forget a net this it rose in cranscott from New York that put them over the top three to seven WIV is still number one this Schmidt my third I Six one to a six two number one CMQ FM EDR but audio on more I do a swivey all the Colombians all the time I'm in black where the hell are we in the afternoon? Oh my god Where the are we? Hey, hey, okay turn pages like I said I and Z from three nine to a three one Which I don't even know what that like got on me. I've been after Alfred Frank and this is her to seven pre-agre and men Look at that a lot of you mom be hot magic All my goodness from 11 to 20 it's from a three five to a two five From a three five to a two point five from three to seven And then Waxy from a two two to a one eight they dropped their two two because it was falling off and they got a one eight So we beat them there but Kind of like nippin tuck is great context with saying that we'd be tight fully tripping the herald Then at night nobody here. Okay. That's it Sorry to pass along all the bad news not not good not at all good nice grown clearance And of course that afternoon I think it's really very helpful That we don't have like anybody on and they have to know from two to four I think that's tremendously helpful really really good programming maneuvers they have like revolving doors So that we don't have somebody that people can identify with oh, yes, we got on today. Well, we don't know Well, we don't either but yeah But nevertheless we just continue to get the text going we come to the ASK day clearance and that's it It's all I care about it so he probably just as well you didn't look at that nighttime number was that the evening On number Well, it's hockey there's nothing else going on We never do anything in the winter time and what do we got going on at night? We got that hands are hockey I mean I can't all right. I'll look at it just a humor you I'll take a good idea. I'll do it now W I D if you want to I bought 10 to the right warriors to just really whip up two friends you know 27 to a one six from time for 14 to 20 it What about the other guys across the street the other sports nerd guys they went from a one two to one Oh, yeah, so we've been it but I'm by much I mean, let's face it once the dolphin season was over that that's it for sports Until a Marlins and these exhibitions games don't come for squat so until next month you can forget about sports I tried to tell you nobody cares about that crap I mean, oh no, the heat you're right you're wrong. You're having a good year. No you're wrong Nobody cares about that they don't care about Frank Hath and the you when they care about either basketball stuff It's a one-pony town Josh knows that they don't care about the Marlins either when you carry my down to it I mean they give us a little bit of a booster when they're on a night, but not a big number Not like the Yankees doing New York or the Red Sox to emboss and or like any of those real teams in real cities now They give us a little goose and of course when you're coming in over the one six or something how much of a goose to need you know a Christmas goose 1156 and 56 you've been to you and well, I said remember the days we used to kick some serious baby we used to be dangerous We used to be dynamic we used to have an audience man it could fill the orange bowl the pp park Pop it oh park Gulf Stream call her Flagler Tollywood dog track right right could fill up every venue the macarina and Now you could put our audience in a phone booth and then you could divide that by five and then you got the guys across the street You know there's Jefferson pilot and then we're autopilot work. I really well Joe keep it up Four minutes till Luna QA and beach Ford is gone man. It's madness in March all this month of beach Ford They've just missed having a record month last month so they plan to break that record this month Right now extended camp 415 years. There was always 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a fruit credit and 39 month least Madness in March at beach Ford means you must be mad you must be nuts if you don't take advance of regrets and just kinds of up to 10 grand On all new and used vehicles if you're not on the market for new car We know somebody who does set them into beach for even if it's strange or on a sweet corner because if they take delivery and March Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks in cash That money comes from beachboards advertising budget So it absolutely positively will not affect your friends price Whatever you do don't miss out on this once the Irvine it's beachboards madness in March and it's going on right this moment Extended camp 415 is low is just 249 bucks a month This counts and rebates about to $10,000 and 200 bucks just for referring a friend So her you're asking there beach for two miles east of the golden blades on 163rd feet West Xie Highway Tell Paul that Neil sent you by the beach for you love your beach for the experience or else This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 now No Will you take You I asked you what would be safe for the dead and on the chest break. But with the shoe days, I'm on board. And with the shoe days, I'm on board. You die through my feet with our order for. And wait, you die through the chest break. And so forth. I think that this is the Zodogatman to find my targetffain, but the Zodogatman muitasotsins should be here in your hands Ahh, you can't make it at my most. You die, O'er that I have to go home the most. I will never betray withoutise desire. If you stop in the streets of kaufen & asjon, you'll either repay their sins or offering you a punishment for his death. We would be you, y'all. I'm dying out there. Hey, we'll see that again. Well, we need to suck in this book in this trend. And of course, the other guys across the street suck even worse. So that's all our people care about. Oh, we're going back down there. Yeah, well, what's going to happen when that November drop soft? For us, it'll help a little bit. But for them, it'll be like a goose, you know? They'll be a good kick in the ass. They're not doing much. In fact, you put the sports segments together from both stations and maybe that makes a number. You know, put them all together. Right. And very seriously, let's just change it for my let's go all music. Holdies, put that damn glass. You write off the ear. Put that Ron saying, John out of business. I mean, don't take it personal rookie ticket. Yeah, yeah. Because we don't have the music sounds on AM. And especially with my great taste in music and little assistance from George and Josh, we could kick their hand. That's right. It's at the world of fire. 968 votes. I told you make a thousand. It's just barely noon. Just noonish. What do you believe about 9. 11? The British is a lot of tap in 383. Almost 40%. We'll never know 238. What about my pet goat? What about it? It was only out kind of 206. The neocons were behind an 87. You know, people like Richard Pearl, the Pinec people like Jim Bush, Paul Wolfowitz and William Crystal, that crowd of garbage in the going. Billy Crystal was at it. Saddam Hussein was involved 21. I hate this call of this Paul 17 and the CIA done at 16. I had 16. Nobody voted for the dog done yet. Maybe the dog done. Okay. So that gets us up today. The van is there right now at the Shell gas station. Sharon Street, this was on 95. I'm sure that every break will be getting enough tape. We got a lot of bucks so far. 100 bucks already. They just got there. I would assume. That's a good start. We're getting up. It gives us an 88 hundred. We're like kind of virgin 9,000. Nobody. The goal at least. Let's get over the 10,000 mark by the end of the show. That should be pretty simple. I know the week that would be nice. Yeah. 10 grand would be a nice round figure by the time we leave it to. Well, I mean, maybe that's a little bit unrealistic. You know, the course of another 1200. Now we can do that. Yeah. Two hours. Absolutely. Condy sweats for the cameras, baby. Never let them see a sweat. Yeah, right. Condylies arise. The nation's tough to the light is appearing in a three-part TV interview. In which he rides a bike, works on her abs, pumps iron and talks about her weight. Hey, Condy. You're fairie. Public figures usually don't go public when they work on their figures. They when they do it can help humanize their images. President Bush is sometimes photographed trying to stay fit on his bike. And President Clinton took some high-profile jobs. But secretaries of state are, as well as most people associate with these stiff, inscrutable language of diplomacy. Three days on TV in the gym. It's hard to picture her predecessors, colon, towel, or madeline, all bright doing the same. How about war and Christopher or Alexander Hague? Not likely. Samantha von Spirling, a New York-based image consultant whose customers include politicians, was skeptical. She had Myers-Rice, but finds this all to be a bit Oprah-esque. It just rests me as what's the point she said. Why do I need to see her in Spandex? It has nothing to do with a quality of her mind. And if she wore a man, it wouldn't have asked her to do the story in the first place. Others argue that given the nation's weight problem, some role modeling couldn't hurt. It's enormously encouraging to whether folks who have very busy lives at Alicia, Molde Stahlberg, Executive Director of Action for Healthy Kids, they coalition more than 40 health and education agencies. The first segment of it went to Dean Washington, NBC affiliate, now all the people working on their belt line inside the belt. We can see how the Secretary of State does it. Rice gets up at 430 in the morning. She exercises every day to make a random world she is. The interview shows her in the State Department gym is sweating in ordinary workout clothes. At one point Rice is on a mat, isolating her abdominal muscles, listening as her rest marine trained and tells her to find a right balance. When I'm on the road, I absolutely scheduled time to get up in the morning exercise first. She said, first shot for retiring trip to the Middle East. So was this uplifting on becoming either way Rice would be playing to a converted audience Wednesday, segmentated, 545 in the morning. God, the leader. Let's play the original one right now. Come on, you can do it. I got it. Get this man to this over with, especially with members like that. Do you want to know what they did in the other day parts? In January? Okay. To put it bluntly, we all suck. Okay. But I'll tell you, I can extrapolate it before clearance comes out. Of course, he won't come in to anyone. He's busy plotting and planning. He's on the phone on the bat line with Joyce. Let's see, morning is the hump or I went from a 3-5-it-simbrer down to a 2-1. A precipitous decline, a gross test number. We went from a 540-3-7, also a precipitous decline. But almost double the other numbers of the rest of the day. After you didn't see the 7-1 from a 3-1 and december to a 2-0.3 in January, that's 3-7. And I'm sure that's 3-4-hour didn't help Mr. Magogga. Are we evolving dough in January that we ain't got no mold? If I went in mold, when did mold look depart? I give up, like a month? No, seriously, this still includes the mold mixture. Okay, yeah, you're right. Ah, so there's a hole in here. And then at the end, so the 10-3 in 3-7 it includes 2 hours of like... Oh, numbers. Maybe, we don't want to pick on poor moan. I'll be using the kick him in the head. Kick him in the muskrat. Do we? Uh-huh. Do we? We want to kick him in the head. So there you go. So that's what everybody is. But if it's still no matter how you slice it, it's smelly old halabot. It's not really good. We got a lot of work to do, baby. We got a lot of work to do. Now it is new regime confidence is high. We know that we're really going to attack from all angles. We're going to bring back all the fart sounds. And we're going to like, really get back to being the humorous amazing show that we used to be. Right. We're going to grow a gigantic pair like Harry Elefante and my right. Like a big giant a hippo. That's what we need to do. Let's get our balls back. No matter what, I know, shall we leave the scissors about that? I'm going to get a pair. Get a pair. Don't you think that would help? Are you kidding me? Don't get me started. Right. We need the balls of a hippo. It's not just hey, go bird. It's a hippo. That's what we need. Wait till you're this story. I'm just rolling our knives. I've been in today. I've got a whole lot of the cats and heres. The other ones. They caught a fall from a bribe scandal. And always you're playing. And right. They'll say, just stand in down there. The same cats will look out. Look out now. In fact, even why Mike is saying, my mind. Look out. What bush was told about Iraq? Oh, Dawson. Alito said, thank you, note, to James Dawson, that far vision right wing religionist bigot. I'm making a good story, isn't he? I guess if I probably plowed right through him, I'd the, and George the unready by Paul Cragman, I may get to that. What? That's our school. He's talking about you. I don't. I wasn't. Softerings found to have high levels of cancer chemical now. That's bad. Oh, it's chemical. Yeah. Yeah, I'm drinking my caffeine free die Pepsi here right now. I'd drink to stuff by the gallon. And evidently, it's not good for you. I've switched to water. And then that sounds revolutionary. Really? Yeah. I'm going to start getting some of that good water that you brought. Oh, yeah. I haven't heard anything more about that. Oh, I see. Yeah. The blind man. C'mon, Gabby, where's our water? I'm paying cash. Who's Gabby? Gabrielle. Oh, I think we're talking about Gabby Hayes. Yeah, that's a little tough. Traces of a carcinogenic chemical have been found in soft drinks that eight times the level permitted drinking water was revealed last night. Eight times the level permitted drinking water. Test conducted on 230 drinks. 200 and about 30 men. I'm still in Britain in France to identify and find high levels of benzene. A compound known across cancer corn. A food standards agency. This is from the Times UK. There's a legal limit of one part for building a benzene and British drinking water. The latest test revealed levels up to eight parts forbidden in some soft drinks. And of course people are saying, well, that's the bridge. And ain't no different. That's the same crap. Believe me. They got the same stuff. Benzene has been linked to leukemia. In other cancers of the blood traces found in peria water 15 years ago. Let it withdraw to more than 160 million bottles worldwide. The disclosure is prompted food safety campaigners to demand that together we reveal which products contain benzene at present at recent at recent these haven't revealed yet. Well, I want to know in Querymines want to know. I drink in benzene or what? By the gallon. Rich, at least you'll be in bomb pretty well. One time you're croaked. That's right. Pickled, pre-pickled. That's good. Rich, you're a lot of sustain. Well, like you said, all those grave robbers, rubbing their hands together waiting for me to croak you and hear it in all my money. So then they wouldn't have to waste it on bombing. That's right. Of course, wait. You don't have to worry about getting in bomb when you're cremated. That's what I want to be. I want to sprinkle my ashes at wood vine. Oh, we wanted to a smear about our forehead. You didn't do that. That was Wednesday. By the way, don't forget it was as Wednesday. Wednesday, still not to wait to smear a few ashes. Rich had watched a sustain. A pressure group sustain. I'm sorry. I'm a pressure group lobbying for better food standards. Said that they should be done urgently because the drinks were being marketed at chillins. They start to give it in to them. They don't care about whether there's any safe levels of benzene. We see no reason why it should be different from the designated safe level in drinking water. If it's unsafe in drinking water, why should we safe in soft drinks? Maybe all that acid in the soft drinks kills it. Like when you stick up, depending on the bottle of soda, you know? Right? What does it say? J and Gainesville says, I love the facts and me who tells you guys how great it is. I think that you've loose change on your site. Problem is I got no facts, machine. I know you're good. I need a good machine, man. Also email you, right? Right. That's important. You find it too many. I have it as a part of my matters on my site. I think that those things have required waiting. They're not going to make you so much. They ought to be required by the problem. Most of the people out there aren't looking at them. They could care less. Pentegon strike all those things. They're on our website. Those are the things that over the weekend. You people should be watching and just won't know about a discriminant pill of an animal. By the way, something, please get someone to turn off the marlins announcement about returning to regular broadcasts. You know, killing me. And screwdriver and fire in our module, Bell is a patsy. Is that patsy or pansy? I ordered a CD2 and I love the cover. Thank you, Jay. Covered all the bases. It's all right. It's all right. I've been there though. It's all right. A lot of heavy covered buildings in what. You know, the college kids have their lot of morning coffee. It's kind of place I exactly. Oh, yeah. That's a good time. I got there. I like to go to games. All right. Let's do the shopping games. It's a few weeks. It's a strong game. The ones that don't have to go down here to sound flow. It's a lot of horrible horrible place. You have no idea how much. In fact, I hate sound flow to like benzene. Really? I really do. I probably shouldn't put in those terms because it's not good. But take a look at just a three seven and January. Of course, nobody got any number. We just, we got screwed. That's a good way to look at it. All right. We've got the diaries. There were no sports people. And, you know, it's strictly, it's I with the all over again. You know, it's Russian, the Schmitt and my steering. Schmitt, my steering, Russian, on and on a coast. And, of course, compound that would affect that. Nobody who speaks English got any diaries. And that kind of fits in the same category. And, or I'm saying, always works out that way. When the no-sphigiting, in place crowd, get most of the diaries, or return most of the diaries, then the right wing talks you as it runs again the big numbers. All the word in the same word. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, great. My point precisely. That's right. 944, 94 votes. For what? Right on the precipice. When we come back from the break, we'll have over a thousand. And don't you feel 997, all thank Kevin for 711. Or is the neocons, or Sam? All thank Kevin for 911. What do you believe about 911? 997 votes. The bushings allowed it to happen. 395. We'll never know 245. It was only Alkada. 245 was either Alkada or Al Goldstein. The neocons were behind a 91. Sada Hussain was involved 21 of the dumbest people on the face of the earth in the better just being comedians. The CIA did it 17. I hate this poll only 17. Well, that's interesting. Only 17 people hate this poll. Because of 798 people ought to be thinking about it. I'd be watching the loose change parts 1 and 2 on our website. And Pentagon strikes and the power of 912. All of these are not present anymore. You can find it. The links didn't work anymore. So we took the link. The link's what about the he panicked. And find it. They got to do a search. That's down. What's had a link? Did you? What kind of a car was that? A link? It wasn't a car that I bought. It was given to me to use for a while from some dealer I had. Recon-re-in-board product. Yeah. A link. Little red links. Okay. Get a pedal account. Yeah. Talk for a team at QAM. This is Dan Radet, former CBS E.D. News anchor man. And now a punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First, Bob Sheeper. Nice enough man, but please. He's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use rogue games. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts. Who currently anchors the Sunday CBS E.D. News. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian. And everyone knows when the camera light goes red. You can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Pellie from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think. Plus he's skinny or than Kelly Riffle. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The front runner just succeed me seems to be current today show Coincorcai Cerc. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.L.O.S. but Sheep. Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of Jean-Attain. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon that's important to remember, you can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang, and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. Thanks Dan. Boy, we should miss him badly. I don't know who he missed worse. But what were Danny Boy? He'd be baffled together. Even though. Well, I think the QMN is a Jim Clancy from CNN International who's done a turn to the right, a far right. Anyway, how much we got? I tell you if I got another update. We'll see this business of like them slack and off out there. I thought if we're going to do it on every break, fine, I may be a little bit over at the top. Or maybe we just don't have any more than we had. Right, that's possible. Yeah, at that location, if we only got a hundred bucks at this point, then boy, we've got real source man. We're never going to get to like nine pounds much less ten. The van is at the Shell gas station on Sheridan Street just west of I95. You know, something maybe it says to do some of those numbers. We just got that trend. You know what? I consider those numbers to be POP. You know what that stands for? Pop? Tuk on a plane. Oh, yeah. Well, that's how I envisioned those numbers. It just came in really bad. Offer. I never had that one before. And we didn't even have no hurricane in January. I can't plan that hurricane. That fact sure was right. He's quit planning a hurricane. I mean, like some people actually had their power back. Some people. 560, 7056. We're not taking any calls, but I like practice given the numbers out. Con 560, we've arrived in St. Nicholas, Lines. We got 140 now. Well, what is that? What is that? Stinky. That is perfect. There should be people lined up from that location all the way to the turnpike. It's a long, long way west. I don't think the turnpike you do it on Shirin Street does it. Yeah, yeah, it does. No. No, it does not. I'm thinking. No, it does not. No. Like I said, all the way from there to a 95, which is about what? Two blocks? Block? Block? No, they ought to be lined up out there. Let me say it again. If this is the, if we could go to end like this, would he's horrible trend numbers that we just had? He's rating numbers, which are enough to make you want to vomit? To puke up Lasty is kishki. And then we're not going to have any, I mean, just go to show you. We had that you forked the on Wednesday and then the last two days would have been Joyce, Dwarley. I mean, my roads are like poppin like rubber bands. I feel like they're rubber bands, man. I don't play it, please. And we then we get that almost six red online already, which is, I never dreamed we do that like in a couple of days, you know? Did you? No, I didn't. No, I realized that's like, you know, right out of the box. It's obviously going to slow down. So I'm just like anything else like when you have a grand opening and all the things. Oh, that sounds like this spinners to me. This spinners, you're just going to do it. That's what we're going to be doing is playing a spin and a lot of things from now on. To all of these all the time, each or every hard hour, we're going to keep your ass. We can talk them up too. And see you stopped it. Did you think about the start? See? Very big talk up, baby. I can't even barely hear that damn thing that I talked to that. Well, anyway, play it up the computer, you know, slow. So, so 140, man. So we got 8840. That's not looking we need, uh, blah, I want to think about it. Naples. Oh, you think the only bad thing on our west coast in Naples is the beastly, right? You ain't heard nothing yet. We've talked about this before. But here's the up chuck in the update. Domino is found with this guy. It's a little bit of like this. You know, it's just the people who consider themselves the most religious in those guy like there. The worst bigots on the faces. Okay. And they're justified. The most bigoted nasty bastards. If Domino's pizza found it Thomas as Monahan has his way, a new town being built in Florida will be governed according to strict Roman Catholic principles with no place to get an abortion pornography or birth control. The town of Avay Maria is somebody Johnny mattress. Hey, Johnny. You're very shown in his artist render when the clue to large cathedral. Oh, boy, since bigger than God, this cathedral. It's like the crystal cathedral in California, you know, never ever insular. The pizza maggot is backroaring the project released 250 with the embossing calls that God's will. I wonder if he's talking about. They'll God. Civil Libertarian say the plan is unconstitutional or threatening to sue. The town of Avay Maria has been constructed around Avay Maria University. The first Catholic university we built in the United States in about 40 years. They should call it far missing university. F.U. Cute. Both are said to I like that POP. In fact, you know, that plastic poop we've all seen that. That's what I said when I said the ratings just put that on a plate. The plastic poop. Both are said to open a year by 25 miles east of Naples in southwestern Florida with a Beasley's enjoys our hanging it out and where they're like devastating everybody in their Wake. I think what we ought to do if we want to boost the number on this show back up there is really put a clamp down on everything. That was say anything play anything just sit there. It's not that we love that. Nothing but instrumental. I like it instrumental. In fact, I may crank that baby up against me. I think I would have to pay the tax in far. No, it's American Monten. Sad is looking much of Andy and Indians you ever saw. I'll be there. Because in far. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. It's like. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That we could do that. And probably still get a bigger number than across the street guys. There we go. The lunch to metal time. Just like going to the ball game yesterday. Everybody stay and come on. You can do it. I'll say I'll do it. There we go. No. No. No. Dude. No. No. No. No. Anyway, that could be the new format. We didn't back to the town of Awe Maria. Oh my god. This is just sick. The town in the university developed an apartment or ship with a barren collar company. An agricultural and real estate business will be set on 5,000 acres with a European inspired town center on massive church. The size of a lot of rush more and will plan to call the largest crucifix in the nation. And nearly 60 feet tall. Why would you Jesus is like that one? Maybe even the Virgin Mary will show up on a stained glass windows of this church. Sure, a big target. Monahead and visions 11,000 homes in 20,000 residents. During a speech last year, a Catholic men's gathering in Boston. Monahead said that his community stores will not sell pornographic magazines. Pharmacies will not carry condoms or birth control pills. And cable TV will have no isolated channels. Probably I'll have the Pope channel on 24, 7. Pope buyers and I may marry will own their property. Our right for Monahead and very in college will control all commercial retail statements. Meaning they could insert provision in leases to be strictly sale of certain items. Like those rubbers. Oh my god. Even on what days you can't wear them rubbers. I believe all our history is just one big battle between good and evil. I don't want to be on the sidelines. Monahead who sold the most pizza and I dated to vote himself to doing good works. Said the recent interview in Newsweek. Robert Falls, a spokesman for the project, said to the attorneys are still reviewing the legal issues. And then Monahead had no comment in the meantime. If they do attempt to do what he apparently wants to do, the people of Naples and Cudder County Flora are in for a whole series of legal and constitutional problems. A lot of litigation definitely in the future. Or in Howard Simon, Executive Director of the ACLU of Florida. Florida Attorney General Charlie Chris, you're fair. Said it will be up to the courts to decide the legalities of the plan. The community has the right to provide a whole some information. But when Epic Greats have a gay Republican governor, hey Charlie you go. You're fair. If someone disagrees Charlie said they have the right to go to court and present. Thanks before judge. I wonder if Charlie likes to be called Charlie or Chuck. Governor of fan ask Governor Jeff Bush, a science groundbreaking review. This month, a lot of the development is a new kind of time. We're faith in freedom will merge. And that of course is your good old Catholic governor. To create a community of like minded citizens, Bush or Convert to Catholic Valsism, did that speak specifically to the proposed restrictions. While the governor does not personally believe in a borstow pornography the town and any restrictions they may place on businesses choosing to work either. Must comply with the laws and constitution of the state and federal governments. Rush'll Russell Schweces, folks move to the governor said this week. Francis Kisling, president of the liberal Washington based Catholics for a free choice. Like in Monahans concept to Islamic fundamentalism. Now we're getting a little warmer. Now you've got your thumb on it. This is un-American. Un-American Kisling said, I don't think it's a democratic society. Can have a legally owned, illegally organized township. It'll seek to have any kind of public service whatsoever. And try to restrict the constitutional rights of citizens. How do you like that? Don't confuse these people with the facts man. There are people of faith. They're morons, okay? People leave it all that mumbo jumbo. And it walks around with lots of schmuckas on. This is a new ruff like there's a genre from the memorandum. This is by 162A. It's day, oh, if I have a child, I have five six-row. WQA. Hey, hello, very beautiful, Kylwood. I never. I'd be your wonderful apple to go with that shake. I'll cheer you. Let's rearrange the enemy government and put you and I together. That's nice. Thanks. I lost my phone number. Can I have yours? You might say you have nice body. Would you hold it against me? Hit. I'd say he was a burnt guy you're wearing. People have no given better crampals in the ball. I'm up blood of my cave. 1231 at five, say CWQA. I've got about 200 bucks over there at the van. You think? I think, but I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Oh, wait, hear the phone. I'm so grateful to call my therapist. She's right on top of it. It's a great test, and it's so there a little bit slower. We've got that thirty seconds left. the trunks of people line up all the way out there to uh uh yeah there's a turnpike is out there I'm sure it isn't it? yeah I mean you can go west and the turnpike is there but there's no entrance or egg is it? get on here alright still rolling uh hollywood nothing to do with it yeah just hollywood yeah hollywood lord knows where like sunrise or something like are you sure what it's it's anyway it takes me to go on 90 five days to do it when we work in the past and there's an order of an order you need uh there's a grip and also by the way we only have 180 oh well lots of things said either the way he said that well I don't blame him for being depressed to let him have that don't have that job that he said to her we've got a call of joy since he was he's as about you know like that be a little more positive man look at what happened the other day I push that I prodded and I beat him over to hand and all of a sudden but I think it's only 12 30 for quite a lot of those people you think they're all living in a block of their like George nobody lives out there who the hell lives on Sheridan Street anyway what the busy street what are you talking about in here my boy I'm talking about that deli old juicy central out there is it really well that's why we got no I mean it's Travis coming up at sundown man they're getting ready to go to school and put their schmottes on my schmottes are better than yours mod is that's the new deal so all the question of head year that's the whole world man it's just a battle of head gear new leadership crisis is a lack of a sense of the army and the and I get to the press with that it's you know we're doing well over there okay freedom shot in march one eighty that means we got like about almost nine grand right right almost eighty nine hundred okay I said it one thing if we if we can't even get to a thousand bucks by two o'clock today after that location then we know that all is lost in fact I just I don't want to hit you guys really depressed but I wouldn't start budgeting any bonus money into your plans for next to the rest of the year because I'm sure not I think those glory days are long since passed you know they call them the salad days right I think the only salad we're gonna get is from Johnny John the Baker and from my house that's the only salad you're gonna be getting I made me from our shell with a challenge and that's gonna be it see a bad eat hearty all those free meals are coming all the time because of us it's looking pretty grim for the future at this point nice going clearest you and a new regime but then against all the January know and they made barely did this come in then give a little time okay give Joe a chance to get both feet wet for quite a lot in fact I go out there and get a garden hose is what I would do you know he's got a good sense of humor and next time you see him in a hallway just sure is feet with you know a little each to put a pair of water in front of his door that would be a good idea if I just put a puddle water for the door maybe he'll slip on it and then of course the call of Joyce went away to now to an accordio you know I feel bad he's a nice guy like I did I tell you right in the beginning yes who is the one who like the run at the right from the beginning paper tiger baby this is the beastly taken control now they're at the realm they're at the hell whatever is they're the Jesse hell they're the got they come on the throttle baby and they got us throttle we can't say crap just when you thought it couldn't get any worse that happens that's right just when you thought we finally got in punch back in smash in the head as much as we could now all of a sudden we take it to another level and nobody got that little a puts parents in the near all why do you can't find that's because that's about the beeslaze there's lips and apples and all this other stuff yeah we got a couple apples for you okay in fact he ought to be doing a green apple christopher right about now that's a clearance and as far as that email that supposedly received about that we've been that we buy and they're in there ain't no email didn't exist how could there have been an email because he didn't recharge his blackberry when he went to do his basketball he didn't recharge his blackberry he was in limbo doing a limbo rock right right didn't he call you I got an email that I read to you oh so how did he mail you if he couldn't email me it was from the computer like at the library something I don't know that's a library he was making a lot of know I got an email from some weird address maybe he went to one of those internet cafes or something drinking a couple of coffee lot days wait to hear about cancer in here is to hear about her plane all brother that plane man's he plane is on a spiral cat and Harris caught in fallout from bribery scandal yes there is a god still trying to gain momentum for his Senate you run US representative can't turn Harris is having to answer questions about a California defense contractor but prosecutors a legally funnel thousands of dollars to our campaign in 2004 okay said it's a really good idea that we have Kurdish and bone all these other people on a guilty because we can only go up see keep in mind that January your buddy was still don't don't don't don't run not that we're going to lay it off on him the rest of the station suck to okay don't put it on his bald head he didn't help though cancer in here is the former Florida secretary of state who helped fix the 2000 presidential election if you'd have statement yesterday saying she knowingly did nothing wrong her association with Mitchell Wade was clear the guilty to driving a California congressman she's caught on the fallout a and look at that on this page is from the sunsellers and ad flying on stop to tell a piece of what you do at case I think it's a set up Friday waited mid-divided bribe you as representative do cutting him with more than a million dollars in gifts and who changed for the Republican congressman's assistance and getting $150 million in defense department contracts for his high-tech national security company wait faces up to 20 years in a slamer they're all a bunch of crux is what they are zipsy trams and thieves make no mistake about it no wonder people only give it to him about American idol or one of the good to get laid next that's all anybody cares about to help with all this other crap sitting here reading all this stuff we put that loose change on there and people are going to sit there and are going to think about it and I don't care all they want to do is try to stay alive just like us thirty years what's a good thing it's excellent timing you notice right after the end of that thirty-th anniversary show now it's like we just let over the edge of a cliff like one of the tight hand Leo God Wade amazems former president also admitted making nearly eighty thousand dollar by the way understand that they're making gone with a wind yeah all right putler Leo to caprio scarlet ohara jaylo who she got a plan and the ms former president also admitted making nearly eighty-gland illegal campaign contributions and the names of ms m employees in those spouses to do other members of congress identifyable from federal election commission records his harris and represent a virtual good Republican of Virginia there's that virtual goodie member that's some goodie goodie by Frankie Laman the teenagers speaking about Frankie Laman the teenagers he did so to get around a lot of that limits campaign contribution to do grander first I'm actually chicken I can remember is that goodie goodie I bet you don't have that I bet you got white or full of all by Frankie Laman but not goodie goodie he got it look at what's wrong wrong what was that rock and good way by Brooke betton and dyno rock betton all my god is he still alive I hope Matt Brooke betton I don't have goodie goodie well goodie look goodie what was he waiting goodie goodie see I would have just had a two eighty another the next the next sale will get us up to nine grand we got eighty nine eighty's are total mass you have no stick with it and just like look at look at you look at you you got that panther sting you were going over there putting a few bogus hours on your time she which by the way did by fact in my time she's a February please don't lose it anyway and you're off of that walks away he had the marlins giga with her sitting there just a eight and three pizza and patting a Dave van boring on a back to the city we was doing a fine job keeping away he walks away from that whoa then you got this posh get what you got nice check it in mail on a way to which will be there any day and and you're walking away from this you go to part of work for like 10 grand a year and I've walking away from this right I'm not going away we sure I mean after being a boy for quite a lot of these we got somebody may not be a rocket scientist police you're like stable compared to him before he's upright which is you sure up for it and you you stand up straight no people on the vertical please other way that marlins thing was a scam because remembered he would be gone like two or three days a week because of that thing yeah so we're glad he's not doing that anymore oh me too crying out loud we don't want to move it to eat no bad bad food to stay to make himself sick and food the food over there does suck okay don't care whether we like to do whatever don't like it the food there blows and you got to pay for it and you got to pay for the only good thing they got there is car vell and not that carville is so good no no I tell you when I was doing those dolphin games when I had my paid season tickets and I thought some day before the dolphin game always put you nice mood you know got your blood sugar up to about a thousand yeah with like extra marishino cherries on it that was a good thing they would put as many cherries put a whole bunch of cherries on okay they're cheap oh I think just aim what they used to be and all those games with fat rich I think what I'm going to do I'm going to come back to town football season and go to a couple of games will prop fat rich up in a scene next to me and now I mean extra submarine sandwich all for me oh for me he he he he he he he he he he he he subs man you're one thing about fat people us fat people we know our food well I'm okay with it and I'm not talking about gourmet food I'm talking about good food good just down home he he's to I forget to name the place in Kindle but he always had a big sack of a sub sandwiches he bring to those dolphin games and before the game was started we sit there and just shovel him down our foot oh now was good I wish I knew the name of the place in Kindle captain is a captain Jimmy's is that time for me that's how's like a uh a name I think that's it boy I'm kind of a sudden man I'm a sharpest attack anyone on the why yesterday was one of the most aggravating days of my life and I got that blood sugar down real good in my blood pressure down like it's so good at scary and I'm going to stay alive in spite of this company and spite of Joyce so Joyce you bitch you idiot you know if you got spilthees baby don't look at me about it you got your own problems and you made it you made you're bedding now lying at honey lying at laying it and by the way prosecutor said Harris got thirty two thousand dollars from employees who were reimbursed by a way that's your friend Katherine Harris of the fixed election fame Wade targeted these two members of Congress because he believed that they had the ability to request appropriations funding that would benefit amazem you as attorney can't have a Wayne steam said last week or is that wine steam with an a high doubt a day and it's free agreement Wade acknowledged dining with Harris at a Washington restaurant in 2005 to discuss a possible fundraiser for an obtaining funding for a need pattern with hundreds of programming involving his company the time called for a feast in Harris's sorry soda district the city of hate sorry soda prosecutors in Harris says she was unaware that donations were illegal and she recently donated the money to a charity right your mama not he liked that so Katherine Harris she's got a totally about she got about as much chance to get elected dog catcher is uh anybody sent it my ass so i hope that we probably can continue running a lot more candidates just like her this is new Roger you know that's the same place is five six inchMI can I make open to me why more ? ? about Seconds, having nothing much we can only hope most Americans opposed a lot I'm gonna do biogasu Larry here at unless not at once four seconds of a night channel change so fast like an autopilot I don't know rose and bar Now is you kind of like old the old new yeah off the map Man Let's see well first of all Americans by grittis is the what pull is this round brown scene from the LA times Americans by grittis and a three to one margin supposedly proposed the other last state on their affirmative consumer's some control operation and several u.s. force and LA times bluebird poll is fine greater than three to one margin You got that? Yeah, they don't care and in their poll the Bush approval rating felt a 38 percent is Disappropriating rose to 58 percent so all the polls show me between like 34 and 39 percent for your president President Dumbod dim with dangerous that's the problem too many d's with this guy Dumbo and dangerous We're gonna see if there's any new any new And you knew what? No, I need any numbers necessary. Well, I'm the hell with it. The team numbers up at Sheridan because we got 320. 320, so we're like over 9,000. Now you see? We've got to shout a kid enough to what? 400 today? We've got 9,020 dollars. We need 980 in the next hour and 12 minutes to get to 1,000. We'll never make it. To get to 10 grand, anyway. Can we do it? You can do it. Well, we couldn't do it if you folks would get out there and get with it. But I don't know. We've already a siphoned enough money from the whole audience since one of those one day, one child deals. It's like Wednesday. There was a lot of the highway. Like 30 seconds from the highway, exactly. Yeah. Fred, I'll find 95. It's right there, man. It's right with the old IOD used to be. The passing building. Right where Jack Marx's parking space used to be. The van is at the Shell gas station on Sheridan Street, just west of I-95. It's right there at the QM van. You'll see it. Some strange people inside of it. And they got the commemorative CD. That's not a third of the man. T-Shirt, 20 bucks of peace. The proceeds will be a ban in Paris, and we're over nine grand now, but it would be nice to get to 10 grand by two o'clock or really close to it right on top of it. Because you know whatever is coming in online, we'll certainly already put a silver to 10 grand. See what I'm saying? Right. But I don't want to say that because we're going to go all the way. You know, there's no other excuse for them to like slack off. I realize it's Friday. And most of you people aren't listening to us anymore. Anyhow, but that's okay. Remember what we used to be good? I do remember. Most Americans oppose allowing me to buy coming to the runs on U.S.ports. This is a fox pool. I know I just, I'm waiting for this because if they come up with these numbers, then you know that things are really bad for the Bush-Miserine Co. Even as a majority understands the U.S. would continue to control sports security according to a new fox news pool. This is on the fox and a poll website. The one that's got the swastik on it. One in four Americans sees the U.A.E. as a strong ally, but most either disagree or unsure. The United Arab Emirates. Do you think that most people know what the ally is or where it is getting? No. Get out of here. Get out of here. United Arab Emirates. My ass. And in addition to poll shows Republicans have lost ground on the issue of terrorism and by a wide margin, voters now think it'd be better for the country of the Democrats when control Congress. This year's midterm election. I'm great, at least in improvement. Okay? We know the Democrats suck, but they're less dangerous. For only the second time was President Z. The poll finds the President Bush's overall approval of job rating is fallen below 40%. This is the fox poll. 39% of Americans say the approval and 54% disapproves. Last year, he had a record low of 38% to 36% missed poll. There's also a lot of owning a handful of times. It forces a provost drop below 80% among Republicans. Today, 77% of Republicans approve. This approval rating from Democrats went from 79% or referred to 84% today. Among independents, his approval rating essentially is unchanged. 35% of Republicans say he's not changed. 35% of Republicans say he's not changed. The poor controversy along with the situation in Iraq fully 81% of Americans think it's likely Iraq will end up in a civil war. Apparently taking a tool on Republicans says Fox News with several tears in their eyes. For for a while, his wife and his eyes with these pages. My back pages. I'm going to let by the birds. I don't have that. Maybe you do. Looking, that's BYRD, right? Right. Oh, come on. I don't have that. Mr. Tambryman walking in rhythm. I don't have that. Oh, I get the black person. Well, turn turn turn turn now. I don't have it. Oh, why not? It must have been a big enough hit. Get on here. I'm not going to pick up that book. I'm too old and I've been in the amaran away here for almost eight consecutive hours now. And almost three yesterday. Like I said, six. Maybe we'll fix some calls in last hour. What do you think? No chance. A thousand 78 votes. Not that I, we know, a certain Monday will go back and talk to the idiots. And those are great callers again, but enough is enough for a couple days. I'm giving myself a nice gift here for my anniversary. First of all, after these two days of psychosis, after something that could have been handled very, very easily, like a manch, talk a little bit, what's the problem with the thing, okay? No problem. I mean, let me ask you this. Seriously. Was there ever, and I want to find out one thing. I want to know the term because you conveyed it to me and I have a feeling with your term. Was I having a hissy fit over the fact that he sent you that bit? Was that your term or his? No comment. No, no, I want to know. It wasn't mine. So, that was, that was, that was, that was, the e-mail that you supposedly got that didn't, that you didn't get, was the e-mail that I read to you, you know, which contained that term. So, what if the, because I had an e-mail on it? Was I having a hissy fit over the fact that there was a, how about a person that I printed up and sent it to you? That's, that's, that's what I mean, I'd like to keep that, I'd like to keep that in my drawer, though. I mean, the e-mail I got from Joe Belly asked it. And you were the one that insisted on hearing it because I was, I told you, right, we have an e-mail saying, So, I'm having a hissy fit. Continue not to play that bit. That's the point. That's not the point, but it could be handled very easily. But when I started asking, you know, in the past there have been those occasions, like when Duff was doing the stuff, which was certainly much more rational and much more like a mench. There were times when they were said, oh, well, this is just, you know, and we thought, well, we don't know, but if we were told, don't play, we don't play it. Yeah, we got 50,000 other bits in here to play. Plus we realized we can't say anything anymore anyhow. I think today that it all went downhill is when we couldn't play these sofa, king anymore. That was the end. Maybe toward the end of the show. Tall Krugman writes in the York Times, George the Unready, see you's picking on you again. That's it. Iraqi insurgents, hurricanes, and low-income medicare recipients have three things in common. Each has been at the center of a policy disaster. In each case, experts warn about the impending disaster. And in each case, well, looks at what's happening. Night-rid is washed and bureau reports that from 2003 on intelligence agencies repeatedly warned the White House that the insurgency in Iraq had deep local roots, was likely to worsen in finitid civil war. But senior administration officials insisted that the insurgenous were mixed up dead-enders and foreign terrorists. Intelligence analysts refused to go along with that line where tact for not being team players. According to U.S. News and World Report, President Bush's reaction to a pessimistic report from the CIA's Baghdad station chief was remarked, what is he, some kind of defeatist? Many people have now seen the video of the briefing Mr. Bush received before Hurricane Katrina struck, much has been made that the revelation in Mr. Bush was dishonest when he claimed a few days later that nobody anticipated the breach of the levies. Or is that leaveies? But what's really striking given the gravity of the warnings is the lack of urgency, Mr. Bush and his administration displayed, and responded to the storm. A horrified nation watched the scenes of misery at the super-dominers' why-help had mirai. But as news we reports for several days, nobody was willing to tell Mr. Bush, who equates disagreeing with this loyalty, how badly things were going. For most of those first few days news releases, Bush was hearing what a good job the feds were doing. Take a good job. Now for when you may not have heard about, the new Medicare drug program got off to a disastrous start. Low-income Medicare beneficiaries around the country were often overcharged, and some were turned away from pharmacies that not get into medications, and the first week of Medicare's new drug benefit the New York Times reports. How did this happen? The same way the other disaster has happened. Experts have warned of travel ahead were told to shut up. We can get a sense of what went on by looking at a 2005 report by the nonpartisan GAO on potential problems with the drug program, including whether report is a letter from Mark McClullin, the Medicare Administrator. Rather than taking the concerns of the GAO seriously, he tried to bully it and detainting its conclusions. He demanded that the report say the administration of established effective contingency plans which had had not, and that it dropped the assertion that some people would encounter difficulties of taking necessary drugs, which is exactly what did happen. Experts within the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services must have faced similar bullying, and, like experts at the independent GAO, they were not in a position to stand up for what they knew to be true. In short, our country is being run by people who assume that things will turn out the way they want, and if someone warns of problems they shoot the messenger. Or just a hunting partner. Some commentators speak of the series of disasters. Now, reflecting the Bush administration, there seems to be a new one every week, as if it were just a string of bad luck, but it's not. If good luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity, bad luck is what happens when lack of preparation meets a challenge. And our leaders who think they can go on through a mix of wishful thinking and intimidation are never ever prepared. This is a new Roger. Oh my God, this is 5.62. Why, it's the one to two hour. We're going to go to authority. Hey, Mark, stop bashing. Whatever it is, we already have it. Not Mark. We're about 10 years too late. Yeah, back when things were great. 110 was president. Okay, was innocent. But we still see friends. And we defend our dead. Spread that and enter that. And there was no fanbase. Never heard about being lying. Was there was always enough life? We still care about the gun. And not a Mexican taste. And all that great music. Yeah, you can take your big, like the question from Daniel. So, no brain shows no eyes, but say no issues or moods. That many was acuity. There was a lamb, this was a mess. And Julius, but from round up into f**kings. We're smashing the beef and strike a tassel. But nothing to sweat feels right since 1990. 1990, but... 1990, but... You know, we're rioting with beef. They beat the pants up, great beef. We still had some users. But also there was we're in weed. And so, see, we're hogging. Yes, he was good for gongins. I wonder if she survived that. 1990, 1995. It's one o'clock in five, 60, WQMD, where you're children, are? No. Why do they say that? What does that mean? That's a... that's old. I know that public service. Oh, so am I. Teach you wrongly for anti-bush your marks. By the way, we've already done that. I did receive... here's a copy of that email. Now you'll notice... And I have no idea what you blocked out or somebody across the... His real email addresses, obviously, what's there. And you're the kind of bastard that would put that out on the air. So I wouldn't... When did I ever do that? Oh, it's nothing you did. I had access to the guy from across the street. Ellen Brown, but that's the... I wouldn't do that. See, your spot is he is. I don't think you're into a hooch with that idiot. That's right, we're co-houtin'. Yeah, I haven't had any. I think you're doing something. I don't know what it has to do with it. Correct him. Anyway. To George. And then has nothing to do with the maid. Didn't say to Neil and her copy in, right? He doesn't want to hear from you. I mean, you don't want to hear from him. That's what I'm going to say. If it has to do with something that is on the air, you're going to be on the air or not. Of course, how to... In other words, I got to get all by you even on a female. Right. Right. And here. Childish. Just like this email. George, my battery died. I had no access to my blackberry. See, let me see it again. Take the charger, okay? Take the Dodge charger. Like the one that was in... Christine. Was that a charger? I don't remember. I think so. Was it a plumbus fury? Think you're thinking it to do with the hazard. I'm not thinking it to do with the hazard. I'm thinking of Christine, which John Stockwell, and that goofy kid would be... That was it wasn't... He was in the movie with Michael Kane and the What's your name? Oh. And he took it right. Dressed to kill. I was good movie. And that's the same kid that played in Christine. Because of restrictions by majorly baseball, we cannot stream Florida, Marlon's baseball. Here online at WQAM. When the Marlon's game is over, we return to regular programming here. Strang a hissing foot. Now let me ask you something. When's the last time I threw a hissing foot? Oh, you were the same. I've been able to pop. And including the one yesterday from our general man, who says, I know we're going way over the top, but that's what they want us to do. That's a good one to keep in your fire. You know. We're way over the... Teacher on Lee for Anti-Busher Marks, that's dynamite America, baby. Aurora Colorado. About 150 high school students walked out of class to protest to the student to put a teacher on Lee for the University of or Marxie made about President Bush and class and coding that some people can pair Bush to Adolf Hitler. Well, I'll be more than glad to volunteer on that. To bear out his case. Wouldn't you? Okay. The protest, in fact, thought was that we didn't be full about who was it? What were the cowboy had? Stop taxi Mark. Hey Mark, stop out of here. Is this that Mark? What was he got? What was stop? What is he facts? Trying to stock the story that you already had. What is it? I don't know. He's just, I'm canceling the cover sheet. Stop doing it Mark. I already got it. Whatever it is, got it. That goes for everybody else. It's a tax of stories all day long. Whatever it is, you got it. Well, I'm not necessarily. Once in a while we get something kind of interesting. Like once every six of you said, I can't remember what the one. Yeah. Anyway. Jerry Spence for the cowboy hand. Would he be talking to any, is he ready to go for the boy? Well, there you go. The protest came yesterday as administrators began investigating whether overline high school teacher J. Benish, violated a policy requiring balancing viewpoints in the classroom. Shurey Creek's schools, districts, folks who are in test and amolese said. It was peaceful the students he held, but there was no fighting amolese said, most of them did return to class. A telephone number listed for Benish was been teaching social studies in American history at overlands in 2000. It's been disconnected. I can't imagine why. sophomore Sean Allen recorded about 20 minutes of Benish's classroom in February first discussion about Bush's Indian speech and gave the recording to his father who complained to the principal Emily said. Isn't Emily like your car wax? I thought it was a, or you know, oil additives. Yeah, Emily. Yeah. Some car schmutz. After listening to the tape at seven to come into the classroom, inappropriate, there were no, not an adequate opportunities for opposing post of use. There were foul and spokesman for the California Regicational Association, which represents about 37,000 union teachers said it will not represent Benish because he's not a member, but that Benish has hired an attorney. Well, good. You go, man. You go, Jay. Tell it like it is. Tell those kids we got a Nazi government. We got a fascist for president. Some and dangerous. And devious. And dishonest. Anything with a D. And of course, the vice president begins with a D. And the dangerous. And I dig. Speaking of a liar, what Bush was told about Iraq? Oh, no. This is from the National Journal. Two highly classified. And I'm just, I'm going to frame that thing. I'm throwing a hissy fit. You know, something my life is very kind of the very class of the only time that I get all what that is shaped is because of the same person that wrote you that email. And somebody needs to sit that. And I'm going to insist on this. Somebody needs to sit this child down and either get him some emotional assistance or do something to stop with the insanity. Just like that outrageous call. I got that 20 minute lecture I got on Monday. Honour acceptable. So what next week I'll bring my ball. Yeah, there's a calm him down a little bit. Okay. The end of my life just a couple of nonsense would be good. A couple of doggy downers would be excellent. Anyway, two highly classified intelligence reports delivered directly to President Bush before the Iraq War cast out on key public assertions made by the President by President and to any other administration officials as justifications for invading Iraq and toughening Sodom was saying in court to records and eligible sources. The first report delivered to Bush in early October 2002 was a one-page summary of an actual intelligence estimate that discussed whether Sodom took a pyramid of high strength aluminum tubes. Cube. What's for the purpose of developing a nuclear weapon? Among other things that we've port stated that the energy department on the state department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research believed that the tubes tube were intended for conventional weapons if you disagree with that of other intelligence agencies including the CIA, which believed that the tubes tube were intended for nuclear bomb when a bomb. The disclosure that Bush was informed of the DOE in state consensus the first evidence that the President himself knew of the sharp debate within the government over the aluminum tube during the time that he chained the other members of the cabinet were citing the tube as clear evidence of an Iraqi nuclear program. Needs of the President nor the Vice President told the public about the disagreement of the agencies. When U.S. inspectors entered Iraq after the fall of Sodom's regime they determined that a rest nuclear program had been dormant for more than a decade and that the aluminum tube had been used only for artillery shells. The second pacified report delivered to Bush in early January 2003 was also a summary of national intelligence estimate. This one focusing on whether Sodom would launch an unprovoked attack on the U.S. even directly or indirectly by working with terrorists. The report stated that U.S. intelligence agencies unanimously agreed that it was unlikely that Sodom would try to attack the United States except if ongoing military operations risked the imminent demise of his regime or if he intended to extract revenge for such a mess of the self according to records and sources. Prouding the Hornets' nest is a great philosopher once said. That would have done it. The single descendant of the report came again from the state's Bureau of Intelligence and Research known as INR which believed that the Iraqi leader was unlikely to conduct my lesson in the text against the U.S. Homeland even if his regime's demise is imminent as the resul enough to be was invasions. Remember that he was going to use the chemical gas on our true aircraft. You're at all the way around understand. When I said I didn't do it because he didn't have the field commanders. How orders have it? Oh, you know, got it. You can't use it. It's like a race. If you're not in it, you can't win it. On at least four earlier occasions, beginning the spring of 2002, according to the same records and sources, the president was informed during his morning intelligence briefing and intelligence briefing. That U.S. intelligence agency, believe it, was unlikely that it's not a was imminent threat to the U.S. say. However, however, however, and the monthly income to the World Bush Chaining Cabinet members repeatedly asserted that Sodom was likely to use chemical or biological weapons against the U.S. that provide such weapons throughout kind of or another terrorist group. And this is a very long article. It's on our website. What Bush was told about Iraq? Think it's on your days, isn't it? Josh? What do you know? I don't remember. How, what do we got by the way? I'm 4440. So we're pardoned along. I'm going to try to get in close to a thousand by a, I'm going to close to a six hundred by the L.A. So what does that give us now? Another hundred and twenty? Ninety one forty. Now we're not going to get to ten thousand by two, but keeping in mind that between four and six, that's going to be the secret weapon. And block solid, if they go, right? Right. Because I'm sure that there will be trains of people going out to see him at 8763 Sterling Road in Cooper City with our vest of needle. Not thirty men. Two easing commemorative teachers, a mere twenty bucks of peace for a band in Per Rescue. Seedies and T-shirts will be there with the big goal for the grand opening of Sports Cliffs at 8763 Sterling Road Cooper City between four and six to seven. So we got a double shot. And we got a shot. Like Jimmy Johnson would say. We got a shot. It's the candy with a shot. We got a shot. 11 away down the pole, by the way. I think I'm going to read that email again. And then I'll throw a hissy fit. Alright. You see, you're dealing with somebody who doesn't know how to deal with adults. That's the problem. When you got somebody with a childish sports nerd mind, who only knows what the score to ball game is, he doesn't know how to deal with adults. How to talk to people who are like over the age of ten. You understand what I'm saying? Maybe he'd deal real good kindergarten teacher. You think? Well, I think it's all my fault. And why is that? Oh, because I shouldn't have read that part of the email to you. Oh, I was going to like pick and choose whatever he has. That's right. I'm going to cherry-pick email. I'll ask you where. You don't really see that. That would be unacceptable. See? Because obviously the question is, is your loyalty to him or to me? Obviously. No. To him. That's right. We're co-houten. Oh, look at this. The internet feed is going wack. Or keeps getting interrupted by that stupid ass Marlin's baseball slamer. His name is also playing during commercial breaks, giving him first of all you guys are it on. Well, that's really a good nice going back there, whoever's responsible for that. And that's certainly gotten to be an internal thing. Whoever's responsible for that? Yeah, who's irresponsible for that? It sounds like sabotage you to me. Or at least read people injured by it. SUV somewhere. Vig story on CNN. Oh, no. And there's four laws, law's puppies in San Antonio. And one of the Marlin's are co-hanners. Oh, good God. Anything except the truth. That's what they want in the pedal to the American public. Anything except anything that's meaningful. It might make you a question what those going on around you. Now, what were you just saying only a moment ago that got me so frosty? I don't know. You were throughout a city fed about something. Oh, that's right. I was going to throw it. When we come back after the breaking down through a city fed. 9, 1, 140 bucks already. Now, back to what we got on the internet. Go for it. You can order right off our website. And also on our website, please. Yeah, I know you won't. You won't. You won't look at it. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. There's the occasional odd ball out there that does give a crap. And we got the picture there to cover the CD, which is really cute. And we got the place to click on our online store to order this stuff. And then underneath the pool, there's a link 9, 11 loose change and second edition with extra footage. And if you have any questions about what have an I've had ever peaked your curiosity about or really went on there. And about how those 20 hours both happen to fall. And of course, there are a lot of sources now saying that there were bonds placed inside the building. And of course, there was mysterious exercises they had the week before. And I was just been a coincidence. 111, 12 votes. What do you believe about 9, 11? The bushings allowed it to happen over 40% 447 people say. We'll never know 270. It was only alchita 231. The neocons were behind at 101. The neocons. Sodom was sent was involved 24 of the dumbest creatures who have ever crawled on the face of this globe. Sodom was involved. The CIA did it. I think Jesus done it. I think Moses and them Muhammad done it all. There goes the air of street. The CIA did it 20. I hate this full only 19 out of 1112 votes. Pretty good. Pretty impressive. I guess me. Huh? We'll take it. I bet you want we come back for that. But we're found here yesterday for the shell station. Don't forget the vanishes of the shell gas station. Sheridan Street is west of I-95. Go there and just throw a whole bucket of money at those guys. And they'll leave town. Who's out there, by the way? Forgot. Come on, Gala. And listen to me. Gals only got 440. You guys, my god, all mighty. It's from an extra fin and he might to do some special for you. He'll dance a jig. That's right. He'll do a little, no. He danced, uh, one of those, like, uh, salsa dances. What do they call it? Like karaoke. I'm karaoke. What do they call those? What do they call what? Those are Mexican dances. Uh, like the Mexican hat. They look like who can ride that. Say it. They'll do a Mexican hat dance. Somebody better bring him a hat. No, bring a good schmotted to put on. Okay. QAM Maracas. That's it. I'm wondering if this is, oh, that's right. This is not the right. This is for the next break. I don't know because the course restaurant for it's just a wall. He didn't do nothing. And like Hank said this morning, he isn't great to see that the sales department's really shaping them. And I just go on branch much by the way. I got some copy from him. If you're hungry, I mean, really got a big appetite right now. But it's time to head over to John the Baker with two great locations for you. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go to the other side of the street. I'm going to go there and go into the other side of the street. I'm going to go at the other side. I'm going to go over there, then go by. I'm going to go all the way inside. I got a way into that, so I was going to walk on the train station. Where where where I think I am. Guys. Those are our cross connecting station.  along the swing. Well, that's good. Now we're almost under the aim. That's right. Let somebody else worry about it. What, me worry? You know, I don't know if you ever use a lexon. No, I don't. I tried it for a while and since it's technically spyware, I took all that stuff out there. And for whatever reason, no, no, it doesn't really miss anything. I think they like, they keep trying to remove all there finally your message is on the way. It's not the extor because everything else in it's working like lightning, fast like always but the lexon stuff is just crawling. I don't know what's going on. I'll be sorry to use firefox for everything, so. Okay. Okay. We're back to that again. Hey, you're the way that got me started on it. It's your fault. I love firefox. The only problem is you can't do the quick email on there and the lexon doesn't like, at least when it's working right, like lightning has been there. But they're having issues like we have our what their story is. They're having issues. You know what I'm saying? We're like we're having issues. Don't have a scissor if it's over, though. At least we have 640 now. Well, no, there's a quick couple of 104. And we got a shot man. We got a shot in the thousand. I can do it. I can do it the old man. Oh, come on. Let's see. So that gives us 9340. We will get to 10,000 at the end of the big o-s thing between 46. I will bet you. I'll bet you Joe Bell's life on it. I'll throw in the water not see. And we'll throw in Joyce and Bruce Beesley and Caroline Beesley. What I leave on. Jordan. Jordan. And he would throw up in the atree. Well, what are they going to do when they have to when Tom Monahan comes in there with all the pizza and Catholics? Oh, f**k. Now let me ask you this. Is it okay to like eat the meat and cheese on Friday? Macaroni and cheese and it was okay. Or remember they said that that was like that expired or something? Yeah, the Pope changes mine because he likes his paper. He likes his baby. He likes his sausage and fried. He killed Baza. Oh, man. I hear he entertains the switch. That was the Pope. That was the Pope. The Pope likes his brats. Yeah, he likes his brats. Maybe I'll invite him over for a couple of good brats. I got from Omaha, stakes. It showed up early. No less. Those are really good. The rest of their stuff is crap. And it bugged the hell out of you. Doesn't that bother you when you like do business with somebody like over the internet? And then they keep sending you emails and phone call. They just, but I don't like that. Yeah, but that's that's everybody. Just put out of your bail list. Leave everybody alone. Okay. And I order more of your brats. Otherwise, I'll send the Hermann Kierring. I'll send the attorney general. Or Alberto Vio 5. Jose, him in is Gonzalez. 93, 40. We got six, 40. So we need only 360 and 40 minutes. So what is that? 360. It's like 18 transactions. Right? Right? So that's like one every two minutes. That's not a big deal. You're going to hand it. You can handle it. It's good out there. The advantage of the corner of the shell station in Sheridan, Street just west of 95. Ruppockity corner where we used to work there. Buy a passion or a jackmark left his mark in a parking lot. Then he croaked. We're running, Ron used to be with all the nasty, skanky hookers they used to have in there. Oh my god. That place used to stink, man. Used to stink like a Chinese laundry on a bad day. God. What's what? Now what's that thing in the Taliban? It smells like a bad day at the zoo. I don't know. It smells like a bad day at the zoo. You know, I get to feel the atmosphere on drugs or something. These last two days. So I am just like, I don't know. Because the words are just pouring out. I have no idea where to lie. I am. I'm still in co-hearage from all this stress. Stress kills, Clarence. Leave me alone. Okay. You child. You silly person. You go have a scissor fit. Leave me out of it. You see, the fact that a matter is, you know, I want you to stop and think about this. It doesn't take shy lot of homes in perimation. To figure this out. If somebody sends you an email saying, Oh, if he's having a hensuit, that means he anticipated that I would have because of the way that it was done. You follow what I'm saying? Okay. Right. That's a point. Yeah. Stop and think about that. Put that in your list of evidence as you're building this case. I know why sure is he'll am. Maybe it was intended that I shouldn't have a hensuit. Because now he's going to, you know, So thank God that you're attorney Norma Kenther, who did such a great job working your contract up. By the way, I'm just expired already. Yeah. If you'd pay him some money, man, that's all norma cares about. That's a big check. Joshua take care of it. He's got that new gear coming over there in power. Oh, yeah. So they just stonewalling you, right? You're not hearing any more about that. That's a very good word. Stonewall. Yeah. Which means that they didn't. What have not been before? This has been their modest upper land by from the very beginning. We see it happen to one schmuck after another one. And that is that they keep stringing you along and stringer. And the longer they string you along, that means more pay periods that they just keep paying the same call treat 50 cent an hour, whatever they're given it. And then they're just, they're just buying time. That's all. That's that's a mentality. And these people are worried about what we're playing on a year. My God. Good. Golly Miss Molly. Esmera business. Anyway, Denver focused on the family founder James Dawson said, Yeah, Wednesday, that new Supreme Court just is Samuel Alito. Send him a letter, thanking him in his radio listeners for their support during his confirmation. He reasoned he was sent a day. As if there was any doubt about where Sam Alito is coming from. Alito wrote that the prayers of so many people from around the country were a palpable and powerful force. As long as I serve on the Supreme Court, I will keep in mind the trust that's been placed in me. Dawson said on his radio broadcast, quoting Sam. Dawson is an opponent of abortion as conservative Christian ministry for our business based in Colorado Springs says his radio show. And it's other broadcasts in publications reach more than 200 million people worldwide, how very sad, how tragic. Zero tragic. We got like a three seven share in January and this mums are his region two hundred million people around the world. While I'm sitting here, puking my guts up. It's the old P.O.P. baby, puking on a plate. Supreme Court spokeswoman Kathy Arbor said Alito is not was in response to a letter, Dawson said him, congratulating him on his confirmation. She said his pledge to keep in mind the trust that has been placed in me was a line he included. Many replies he worked to congratulate or he can read the letter. David Yelaw, a political science professor of University of Connecticut and the author of book on Supreme Court vacancy said Alito's letter didn't appear to violate ethical standards. I think it's a very carefully worded letter and I don't think any of it crosses the line he says as long as Alito didn't say there's any obligation or debt owed, I don't think it's a violation of judicial canon. America's United for Separation of Church and State Code letter grossly inappropriate. This notes strongly suggests that Alito is carrying out a right wing agenda instead of being a justice for all said the Reverend Barry W. Lynn executive director of the group which is described as a watchdog entities on church state separation and religious freedom. What's that? Thompson, you know what I'm saying? Get worse and worse. We've got all the laws like cities free up in Naples. We've got this Mum's who doves and who's helping put these right where is on the Supreme Court. We've got this guy these people want to make South Carolina and all Christian fundamentalist Bible something. Raghead, the Barbisan estate and it just goes on. And we're talking about Islamic fundamentalist. What are we to be talking, man? Religious fanatics, baby, that's us. That is us. Religious fanatics are us. That'd be a good bumper sticker with the American flag on air. Religious fanatics are us. Got it? I got it. They get it. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. 560560. Can you of those numbers up by habit? I absolutely will not take any calls because I have a couple of numbers. Wait, wait. Wait. Wait. No, I'm not going to late. I'm going to do the break now, man. Or late. I'm going to park on you right now. I'm not going to read that thing again about all I see this is a new spot. Thank God. Where did this come from? Or you're talking about it? Oh, this is an old spot. No, that's not it. Where's the right company for pumping a park? The only spot I got is the one from my anniversary show. Nice going, Eric Steve. Thanks for the memories, but we're some real, real company. That choice, Bradford. You can't complain about the job he's doing because you want to know why? Why? He ain't doing one. Here's the copy. No, I'm not going to read that whole thing. That was for Wednesday. Okay. Once is enough of, you know, Schmerer myself and grew these in all this stuff. I'm going to be affluent by myself, like Joyce. Anyway, I did this through though. Pumpkin Park is my longest standing sponsor today, but I'm going to be since here one. Thank you, Alan, takeles and rest and piece my good friend for those big cigars. I think those big stories kill down, you know? It can't sir. I do have a good story, but I'm making you. I can't even smoke one of those after you. But you're talking like I do. I don't have a good one. I don't have a good one. Oh, man. Anyway, Tompano Park racing and poker's got all the punching action. Okay, there were one. Of course, those slots are coming soon within a matter of months. Just a half mile from both on 95 and the turnpike. Tompano Park is easy to get to. And best of all, Tompano Park features free admission and free general parking every day. And if you love the drivers, man, you've never seen anybody drive like Miriam Tolund. Live hardest racing in the smoke free poker room was open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker gets set away at noon. It's going to be an hour right now as a matter of fact goes on till midnight. And live racing gets set away at night. We had 725 in a PM. Every Monday night, it's Monday, Madness on the top of the park. Six, four, where I strou out excellent food. Two for 25 dollar dinner specials. And don't forget the French onion soup up. There's the best in the world. And don't miss out every Wednesday is dollar night at Pompano Park. Graph beer, so does hotdogs and lots more. Just a bucket piece starting at 6 PM. So this weekend, take the guns and rest. I'll throw out there and punch your guts out. Have a great time. And Pompano Park, a blast out of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. For the curracing schedule called 954, 972-2000, or go on the web at Pompano Park.com. Pompano Park, look out for Mickey McNickle. This is New Roger's, four of these things. This is 516A6. There, you know what? We need to decide. How about you? Next, my teacher and show to answer my dear to the day. Now you can take the boat around the phone. All that makes my son the best years of one remaining. So my life, I can't find his place. Just for a long time, like we don't go away from here on the view of the place we have hurt to. I've had enough of you today. Not yours as I saw you lying here. You've touched me. You've touched me. You've touched me. You've touched me. You've touched me. You've touched me. You've touched me. All that might change that you've poured the car and I drove on the road. So I've moved to my own place and we out my guest. That is why only half of the work is so good, yes. As left of the full crowd, put up all of this. Watch the opus come of me. Next, for me. I want those to make way this will burn out this way. When he got time to die, for a day we need to. Throw it all away from the door. Throw it all away from the door. Throw it all away from the door. I'm here to let you support home, please. Take place unless I'm here. Let's go. I'm going to tear my eye when I hear that when you know it's all right. It's true. It's true. It starts your own assistant. 133, 20702 and we've got Curtis coming up with two mad dog at four from bonefish max. What's our total now man? 720. Okay. We're creeping along. We got a half hour to get two a thousand. We got three out with the mad dog during his show too. If you want to swing by there, bonefish max, I'll have some cg. Well, how can we mention that like kind of an afterthought? Because I knew I was going to be with the mad dog, but Miguel said that I'm going to give you cd. Also, right. We're just came together. Oh, just leave it alone. If Joyce could get a hold of you right now, she twist, she twist your head right off. It's been right off and rolled on. Yeah. I'll fight her. I'll get bonefish max for to six three and Josh Curtis will be there with a bunch of our CDs and stuff. Maybe if you teach her it's too. Yeah, I got all half of crap. You have some crap. Well, that's not unusual. 720. So what does that give us now? 87. 94. 20. Oh, look at this hand grand by the end of the day between these three deals now. But I sure like to get to that thousand by the top of the hour. The van into QM van look for it. Okay. Miguel is in it. It's at the show. Ganston and Sheridan Street just was the eye 95. And by the way, he is circumference facts. So don't be worried about it. 720. That's not too bad. We're starting to put you to a grand a piece or close to each one of the rails. We're going to raise some serious cash this year for a band of press rescue for them. Little puppies, man. And a cat. Oh, jeep. Oh, guess who got arrested for television. Let me give you a clue. Very good. Oh, good. Yes. How do you guess that? Damn. Oh, this is the most. This is even more solid than the beginning of that sort of fifth every place. Sotamine. Oh, yeah. And Rosie and Bridgels name, baby. Oh, it is so strong. This is a little bit for a note. Anybody who's ever been to a story here? Oh. Oh. Yeah. That is sick, man. Oh, what is that? Angel baby. Oh. Oh, it goes right before that. Oh, oh. People look at for you. Oh, you're fine. I think this is completely a CFA. I don't know. Just by the time it's gone. I think 60 is accurate. I would say 60. She won their most. Yeah. I would say 61. No. No. I have my thumb on under why. You know what else was from that same year? A toss and turn in my Bobby Lewis. Was it? You're like that song? I like it a lot. I'm just trying to make it. I'm just trying to do it. I'll try to be out for a child of yours. Don't be trying to cover up for a girl like literary gold man. No throw a scissy fit. Baby. You know that that's interesting because that's that's the extended version of that song. There are two different versions. There's one that starts out. I didn't sleep at all. You know, like, that's right. And then there's this one. Well, let it go. You did something to me. And then it comes in. I couldn't sleep at all. I heard it with a little pray. I was like, oh, that's exciting. That's almost like those old showings that I got on the way. This has got the voices of the people in there. I wouldn't dead people. Okay, that's enough. Former locker Gary Glitter has been found guilty of obscene acts with two Vietnamese girls and sentenced to three years in prison. I thought he was just doing research. That's right. Glitter best known for the anti-mic rock and roll part two. I thought I should say anemic instead of anti-mic. I never heard that word before my life. Another word before. So, anthem, but anti-mic. What is that? Play that sports or mean is worldwide and way, way too much. Shout it. I'm innocent after the verdict. It's got a picture here and being dragged into court in. Vung Tao will be at nom. Oh, they're going to have a good time with him. Reporters and onlookers allowed into the court house and said, Oh, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. So, they're going to have a good time with him. The moment I think Dave's license okay, he chose to be an angel. One would have the kind of. Mr. De Laugh, no one would be moving on the table.ccoli. God. Mr. De Laugh. Mr. De Laugh. He chose to be an angel. Theith Kelly, gay Bringa Comell look better about the three animals. Children are glorious, his real name. to me on. Maybe we just have some egg food, young. Why do I do? I do. Actually, man, with shrooms. Shrooms and so on. I'll tell you. He was that sentence the three years in prison followed by deportation from the Vietnam. The court in his verdict cited graphic testimony from the girls. I glitter had fumbled and molested them and took showers with them naked in his red and home and nearby hotels. Well, the Josh do that all the time. Would there teammates? Right? Yeah. They could not be with them naked. Winter City was teaching the girls anguish at a someone considered unlike his grandchildren. Well, there you go. Don't you always take showers. Take a with your grandchildren. If you had any of your own, but you will someday. Very similar. Sure. He has been in police custody since November 19 when he was seized in home, chief and city trying to board a flood of the country. Police confiscated his laptop which had hundreds of photographic pictures on it. During a criminal investigation, police considered charging bitterwood child rape, which carries a maximum penalty of death. But said they didn't find enough evidence. But they don't like your route over there. I'll tell you. No, they don't. They like the Josh. Just like in the Middle East. And when he sliced off your hand, they sliced off your hand. They sliced off your back to you. The girls family is worth it according to December asking that charges be dropped after glitter paid two grand easily. Try to buy them off on the course of no way who is a. In fact, the next time somebody plays that song, they're going to get it to me. Although prosecutors decided to move forward with a case anyone to Vietnam's legal system, the payments are considered compensation that counts toward lessening any sentence. As opposed to like a bribe or blackmail, it's like he's compensating the victims. Okay. The sleepy resort town of Vung Tau about 80 miles southeast of Hortie, and city is running intensive intensive for international media. The glitter's fall from grace began a 90 mile of a conviction in Britain for possessing kidney porn. He served two months in jail then. He later went to Cambodia. He was expelled in 2002. Officials there never told labor mum they didn't say why. They were thrown at a city tape, but didn't say why. 157 votes on a poll. We're going to get our $1,000 for a band of per rescue by one o'clock. At least on the day. You know, we're going to get us up to a close to 10 grand. Are we going to do it? We can do it. We had 720. We need just 280 bucks. That's 14 fine software audience man. We can find him in the next 20 minutes. 40 people. For 20 bucks of peace for CDs. He has, in fact, I would be surprised. We'll need 7 people with 40 bucks of peace, right? That's right. Or if we have people with any bucks of peace. This is Neil Rogers. A rat list is 5.16. It's alive. I am not an ugly man. Roll right wing Nazi. We're covered in mother. The only is only to enter in their own mother. I'll let you go on and say that when it comes to your bag if they paint your board that train. Bright wing Nazi Republicans are their beaker. Well, and just ain't enough. Just after. Feel in the airways with 8 minutes. The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Lauraville, Dr. Ian Michael Reagan, fake colloquium channel, foster clearly out to make the message claim. Are you sure? They're right wing Nazi Republicans. They're all right wing Nazi Republicans. They're buffers. We're all the table talking. We need to get any. We're not allowed to. We're not allowed to. We're told to believe. If Georgia's there to mean. Bright wing Nazi Republicans, Mother of the Seeker. Well, Dan McRatt's, the crab-dev paints like a child that is scary-booting. At Terri month-cultah, who should go home and shut up because he won't have a clue it is doing. The Dan McRatt's have a death wish when it comes to the sky. Who they will run. And you could go through them dumb. If they run, Joey, they're more. Right, Queen Nazi Republican mother fuckers They're all right, Queen Nazi Republican mother fuckers Who get a dick and give a hint? That's getting a juicy homer Just remember what I said when it comes to your back They make you or that train Right, Queen Nazi Republican mother fuckers They're all right, Queen Nazi Republican mother fuckers For all the table talking 145 a can away, I mean that Hummer is rubbing on the highway Right, van is talking to Teneer somewhere Stanley crouch rights, how dare they try to copy right the inward? This is about your buddy, Damon Wands. That's right You tend to weigh in by the way? I did just for 196 for Damon One of the most repulsively for this is in the New York TV news One of the most repulsively fascinating facts about contemporary black popular culture Is how it continues to reach fresh lows It finds new ways of leaping all fences that would barred from falling into a bottomless pit of tastelessness All of the installs and burdens of minstrel C have invested by black comedians and rappers who made stupidity Headnessm, Timping, Misogyny, pornography and violence their stock and trade By the way, how much we got? 840 Hey, we're gonna do it man That means we only need 8 more deals now Let's make a deal, where's money? How will we need them? Get in the deal! 840, we'll get to that thousand if it's enough, I have to stay under like midnight 8 more people would 20 bucks by there at the Ashuggeist, and Sheridan streets Just wait to buy 95 Stanley crouch continues One defensiveness, a moral sense of life and culture is that black people don't invent any of it So why shouldn't they like white people be able to make big money from it And one imbicillic black man and television said to me, I ain't hating on these brothers All they're doing is dealing with a market the same way that the white people do This is capitalism that I respond to a market, you know the old saying whatever the market will bear Now we find that comedian Damon Wands has spent the past 14 months trying to copy right the end word with IGGA, yes instead of IGG, ERS He wants to put it on a peel and what not? On a peril and what not? I say a peel on a peril and what not? So far is an up in successful, one can imagine young American kids wearing that word in blazing on clothing The rap songs in which the inward frequently appears in conjunction with bitches and hoes among other denigrations Of course the visitor fence, maybe they're talking about what they say bitches about Joyce, rename his Fitch Of course the visitor fence one Hollywood Negro said that Damon is no fool, he might be pulling a bear rabbit Move it over to me and that he would take control of the word make everyone pay to use it I responded rappers and others would merely put the crust in the budget to Hollywood guy greed However this comes out, it's further proof of how remarkably decked in our moment is on the one hand opportunistic nomes go use the rhetoric of free speech and liberal arts To justify the thick presence of misogyny and insult and insult and their material Meaning that constantly referring to women as bitches and hoes is an expression of their artistry and freedom of speech So is the constant screaming of the inward Now we have a comedian attempting copyright the end word so that everyone who uses it will have to pay him for the right I guess that takes place right next to John Singleton Spike Lee and Will Smith supporting the humanizing hustle and flow in the world of entertainment to sovereign Colored the commercial however hollow and denigrating seems impossible for many to resist In fact that transcends all ethnic sexual and religious distinctions When essence magazine began a campaign against the prevalence of the sovereignty and insult of the map material Literally hundreds and thousands voiced their approval This proved that this product is disgusting the millions of black women and their supporters Unfortunately the most important movement in popular culture since the emergence of the rapid self-floundered Essence that the campaign fizzled after editor Diane Weathers who shaped the magazines response to popular mug left the magazine If they met a way ends wins his quest for ownership of the inward one wonders to whom if any he'll have to answer It's kind of like that the March madness thing right say and what's the one that Pat Robby's got three peat I'm going to this idea that you can copyright words or expressions is just a ludicrous man Oh, I'm sorry ludicrous see that movie. Oh, I speak of that crash better when some academy warzons I hope so over broke ass mountain. Oh, I throw it broke ass mountain wins. I'm gonna like I'm gonna throw a sissy fit which would be right perfect for that Fair. Yeah, that is such a piece of garbage man See crash believe me if you see one movie next a couple of that's right crash is great And even Ryan Philippe we're not that crazy about don't know I like them a lot now I thought he had a piece of effect He doesn't have a speech the effect he just didn't too many movies with James Khan, you know, I say he talked funny Totally After critical article, so this is from raster a versus fast becoming one my very favorite websites after critical article conservative non-profit accuses raster Evidenting copyright The national center for public research policy the conservative nonprofit where fall lobbyist at cable off service director has instructed raster to move a fundraising letter the group sent in 2004 Nolan McKenzie center canter the third alert for the group says the publication of the center fundraising letter violates their copyright How many outside Washington the center was known for being the group that he brought a few used to cover posh dumpets for former house majority leader Tom Delay raster a public letter in january 2005 the story the company detailed the effort by a conservative on profits to raise money from senior citizens by disguising a solicitation for a political donation of the guys of a task force to save social security Send a message to climate of growing concerned about the social security program the group's letters targeted seniors of both parties Aming to convince them that their social security benefits were in jeopardy and hopes of inducing them to donate money The meetings also incurred seniors to keep the misled secret from others perhaps even from family members Inside your sealed envelope is information regarding the potential collapse of the social security system and how it can engager you in the entire US see the citizen population and see ppr person Amy written our rights and behalf of the national social security task force The task force appears a little more than a paper dragon when asked about why it wasn't mentioned on the centers website and see ppr is a character David on solid told raw story last year We don't currently have internet access in our office. Oh, yeah, and it goes on and on and on And that's a suit for surveillance of attorneys Zion America baby, but the fastest USA Civil rights leaders of suit the national security agency claiming that it legally or wiretap conversations between the leaders of an Islamic security and to visit attorneys The lawsuit filed this week in the West District in Portland over gone asked that electronic surveillance by the NSA be shut down arguing that the agency illegally wiretaped electronic communications between local chapter of the al-harmani and my in Islamic foundation and the window blue and I seem got for who are lawyers in Washington DC The foundation of an accused of eating Muslim militants they complains as NSA did not follow procedures required by the foreign intelligence surveillance act or Pfizer and failed to obtain a corridor or authorizing electronic surveillance of the charity and attorneys Dave Fedank Executive director of the ACLU champion records that the complain is similar to lawsuits of the ACLU as filed the law could not be clear on this issue We said not only is the NSA spying program and authorized by federal law, but we suspect that conversations of thousands of Americans have been subjected to illegal surveillance by the NSA How do you like that I go they're listening just like somebody else. We know in law. They're listening when you least expected Clay after the break when we come back if we got like close to nine hundred some we got we have nine hundred we got nine hundred Oh, we got eight minutes to get another hundred bucks. Oh my god somebody come on through a hundred-bauer bill Miguel O'Keyle take all his clothes on This is easy meal Rogers This is five 16 Hey Hill this is Randy West Now if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy is your dry girls Sounds like a moron Everybody It's the way God wants to take a city and cover it and sleep Renegance Renegance Renegance Renegance He wants to make new oral qued Can I a tear what people are sedavam We have 24 This is obsessive Shell the God is bad Did compare the voters sure will leon the farm Naturally Rain It's time for us to rebuild a new relish. The ones that should be uptown or way else than they are. This city will be shot with a shot with new walls. The main theme for everything is shot at the end of the day. The pitch off the end, some coffee and a throw up one ball. We need to pay. We need to pay. No, I can't. We need to pay. We need to pay. We need to pay. We need to pay. You can't have the wall. There's no other way. No. It was the way the wall. That's for day sure. It wouldn't be a real treat. Anyway, it's 157. Curtis Stevenson is sitting by him. He must be on pins and needles. He's getting ready for his big two hours. Mad dog at Blonfish max. Where is that by the way, Josh? Where's Blonfish max? Actually, I wish I could tell you. It's a good idea. I'll be finding out after the show. Come on. He's going to Google map it. Listen to Curtis. He'll tell you. I'll go there if you want to go. Curtis would love to tell you where to go. Believe me. We got a 20 total though. We got how much? 10. 20. All right. How do you like that? You are so negative to our man. You see you're in the learning process on the show. Don't throw us a scissor. But I told you we could do it tonight. Yes, you did. You just don't have confidence in his old queen. I'm sorry right now. Even when we were only there, like a 100, 140 was her creep in the Cron. It takes people time. They're not like the whole audience. All 50 of Marwood and like a 10 block radius of that gas station. Okay. In fact, most of the people not get a Ford gas anyway. Thank you. By the way, Mr. President for those old gas prices. We've been very remiss. We haven't been saying that every. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Which is what I see us. What do you believe about 9-11 speaking of your dangerous, Dumbbo president, huh? Dangerous dumb, VVS dishonest. What do you believe about 9-11? The bushings a lot of time. We have 1193 votes. We're going to have to 1200 by the time we get out here. This has been quite a banter day in spite of certain people throwing scissive hits. You know what I'm going to do? After I do the after two o'clock, I give up. I'm going to do a big ace dosen trace and I'm going to write my ass with that email. Okay. What do you believe about 9-11? Bushings a lot that happened in 476 will never know 291. We'll never know. Nobody knows. The trouble we've seen. It was only Al Qaeda 248. Even though if you watch that loose chain thing, you'll notice that it appears that several of those people those picture of those 19 are still alive. We hit them with all those planes in it. Still alive. The New York Times were behind 110. Well, I'd by the way, the cruise missile that chapped on that other plate, I'm sorry. Sato Hussain was involved 27. I hate this full 21 NSEI-20. You know, that Paul Wellstone plane crash, which was so convenient to read the Republicans. In Minnesota. And I don't want to be, you know, and the revolution's conspiratorialist and the Alex Jones crowd. You know, prison plan is pretty interesting. But that time, he goes a little bit, but I'm starting to think about if they could do other things with cruise missiles, they could certainly not down any kind of plane, especially small planes, you know? Because that was sure often convenient. I know the weather was bad. It kind of reminds me of the child pilot thing a little bit. Yes, I said Paul Wellstone was a great guy. And the little girl who knows, maybe somebody should be able to grow up to be a senator, president. I doubt. I love the president of Ante. Right? Let's hope the name Jessica. That sounds right. I think that was right. Poor little Jessica, the three-year-old pilot. Anyway, don't forget we got the rapid up there. Thank you for making us over a thousand already. Now, what do we got all together? I don't know. We got 87. 97. 20. So by the end of the day, like I said, he of little faith. Well, I have over 10 grand. And that's just, you know, not counting what's online. Right. So you got two projects over the weekend. Order your merchandise for a band of Paris, you and check out loose chains, parts 1s, 2 and 3. Bye, bye, bye.