Cro punishment you stand Help us through, we help help us through We don't have to screw them, help us through Help us, gee, oh, teach them the white house Wow! Well, you've got to check your past and you're probably the big change You're a good change And here we're real, you're the organ out of poser like Hillary And here we are We're real, you're on a roll Please don't talk about the control You've got to help us through Help us, gee, oh, we're probably kids And we've got to help us through Help us through, we help us through Help us through, help help us through Help us, gee, oh, teach them the white house God forbid, I'll tell you that Neil God! Goodman! 10 out of 5, 60, WQM, hey, guess what? It's the first of December, El Uno de diciembre In it? So far, wow Let's start doing a bisexual bilingual show That's what I say So anyway, here's this wild story that was supposed to be hysterical about But come to find out, CNN always gives you like a little tease little tip of the iceberg Nothing wrong with little tip But at any rate, a contact of an X-Russian spy who'd done after ingesting that radioactive toxin has the same substance in his body Sky news is learned That's what Sky news is, that's what they've learned Otto, Sili Ann's Brits Excited academic, Mirios Scaramela Tested positive for isotope, Pelonium 210 See, when you first hear the story, I think, oh, we're all getting poisoned, now we're all dying over here But this is a contact, he was like, well, what a... And... Oh He had met Russian defector Alexander, what's the guy's name, Lipponenko? Yeah And a sushi restaurant in London, shortly before he fell ill Well, maybe it was the sushi that's going to kill both of them The whole of the radioactive crap That's sushi, man, it could kill any of the curriculum elephant Sky Martin, the guy's Martin Bruns, said, Mr. Scaramela had not shown the same symptoms as Mr. Lipponenko Who suffered vomiting and loss of hair and then, of course, he died He said, I'm dying over here I was going to him, so at any rate period Vladimir Putin, behind the whole thing, that's what the other guy said, that the guy lost his hair and got all nasty looking To where it goes So here's the poll from yesterday, with 1500 and 4 votes on this and we would have had a lot more only I changed the poll Yeah, a little bit earlier to kind of like leveled it out from the day before when you screwed up real bad It was at on Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday Rick Shaw is retiring, when should Neil retire, that was the poll question yesterday Is if any of us really give a crap about what you say on that, but and we don't, but nevertheless And the good news is that we got good polls coming in now, we got, uh, isn't my right? Yeah, and not just from our buddy Shaw, and it says it's all those polls all the time We're whole bunch of different poll people What is nothing like no one poll people people with good polls, but at any rate Rick Shaw's retiring went to Neil retire Whenever he feels like it's 720, that's the obvious, I mean of course whenever he feels like whenever I'm good and ready whenever I got about 80 million stashed away Never 599, he should just keep going until he can't speak no more until he just kills right over in the chair there Croaks 599 now right now retired now 88 5.8% see we kept it under 6% makes me feel really like I'm accomplishing something made you here like don't you okay sure what in a few years 56 whatever that means like you know About I would say about 30 years soon 22 pretty soon, man You get to the end of the line really struggling 22 soon and I hate this poll only 19 and mere 1.2% That's pretty damn good only 1.2% hated the poll wow here's today's poll and again I think whoever sending these polls in some of them in luck are did anybody put a name on us when I don't think so now Oh, and we left I left that's my bad cry Real man don't cry put that on the remedial event sooner. Well, I'm so sorry because that was on the original one Thank the Lord I just looked at that see it must be an active God the Lord is looking down on me today But I go out and find me a good machine man 924 votes already will have a thousand easy before 11 o'clock Wow Don't you feel since I came up with a brilliant idea of bringing the calls back that we really Turn up the alwana. Yeah sure what that nauseous 800 one on our my space page that is sensational that is really special of course is only one that counts But nevertheless here's the poll real man don't 932 let's see if I refresh you did you put cry on there? Yes, then come up here refresh Oh, yeah, did I just did 934 votes real men don't abuse children ran a most driven 21 Man who abused children animals man they really piss me off And I like you go out there and like abuse him hit women 278 unless of course they deserve it But we didn't write that on they won't shut up hit women too Sounds like a voice of experience to me to what would you say to your real men don't hit women I'll pat other man on the ass 80 well I close without saying I mean I hold a jack thing You know these guys patting each other on the ass. What is that? It seems awfully yeah and believe me I know all about that. I know exactly where Queens put their hands. Yeah It's just doesn't make any sense to me never hands never will shower with other men same group of guys that pat each other Run the ass then they're taking showers together naked start naked 78 play fantasy football 58 I think that most people of play fantasy sports of any kind have like a fantasy life You know I'm trying to say I have no life. Sorry, Josh. Well, you got out of that didn't you? Well, there's nothing wrong with fantasy football. I mean what do you mean by that because it makes the game's interesting Like games you wouldn't care about like you're a football fan You know so instead know you remind me of your kind of like Hank in reverse though see with Hank if he doesn't have a bet on a game He doesn't care about the outcome here and at least I'll give him credit for being honest about that He doesn't rule for the dolphins or any other particular team He routes for whichever team he's got a bet on well see that's on the sports fan That's it that's a gamer and the same with you. No Yes, listen, listen, no, that's right. You wouldn't normally watch the green bay packers play like the Vikings right But if you had maybe like a player on your fantasy football team I watched that I'm a watch that to see the packers get this stuffing kicked out of again because I'm just tired of the freaking packers I can stand bread far while you're just there. Oh, well mega What you're just the NFL mega fan my bad. No, I like I'm a fan I enjoy watching sports. I don't have to have a bet on or have some kind of other rooting interest to I just fun to inspire me just fun just like hockey I watched about two minutes of leaf so get to shut up by Atlanta last night. That made me want to poop my guts out In fact, what do they do they kill time because they really is again I shown his crap and of course the panthers haven't scored a goal in three games. Oh my goodness. Oh my god Wow, but anyway Let's get back to this support real men don't play fantasy football 59 or baseball or hockey or tilley wings or parch easy I'll shave anything but they're facing head 53 now we're gonna get back on that again I thought we already had that thing here Shea anything but they're like in head. I mean like if they're shaving our armpits believe me I hate this full 32 3.3% and those are probably the guy who play fan Tennessee football while they're shaving their body parts Real men don't listen to Neil 20 Of course not only we only got a bunch of pansies, lympharisted pansies. Oh here's the story about the Fist fight in the Mexican Congress Mexico the incoming. Now we don't care they're a bunch of animals anyway Listen to Neil 20 pay for sex directly 12 now. Why do we put direct name for enticies? Because most men whether they're real or make believe they pay for sex one way or the other right time Money right pretence right you give something up What real men don't use body wash three that is so I put that on there only because I knew that some of you to one of Oatford and it just embarrasses me because anybody with a brain doesn't use soap anymore soap is like But this is a good concern because the body wash thing is a relatively new thing and one the punta time Maybe it was only for women like shaving you see times change Well, if it was only for women then how come on so many of these bottles of body wash it says For men a devious for men a yadda That's what you see now, but once upon a time there was only body wash What's the time in America? That's right. Oh and real men don't cry We put that under one that that's see that's another thing everybody cry I cry almost every day When I realize who I'm working for then I really cry a lot and then pay day comes and all of a sudden like when down Delaware is was definitely a bread you know what he chees in the sauce Now all of a sudden his tears stopped he was like all I and so bad. Hey, anyway Four people say body wash and the one real men don't cry 95 feet good pull. Thank you ever sent that in and whoever's other sending these other fabulous pulls in But I should take so load off my mind. You know what else takes to be a load off my mind this story here Although we should take a call first Q a m hello I Okay, here's the story that takes a little while why that was high boy. Yeah, and for what it's worth no Who cares for school who cares go sell something you fact-tubber crap Cosmetic surgery is offering not not just how people look but how they feel by changing for sessions of Middle age and who studies shows see this post-it-making feel better and it's got a picture of Candace Burgham turn 60 in May She loves another day over 110 global research group AC Nielsen survey people in 42 countries and found 60% of Americans the world's biggest consumers of cosmetic surgery and anti-aging skincare believe There's 60s are the new middle age. I'm just a middle age guy. How do you like that? As opposed to a Dottering old fart on a global scale three out of five consumers believe the forties are the new 30s See that okay If you're liking your 20s you're like an embryo our 40s having celebrated is the decade where we can be comfortable and confident Both personal and financial terms the majority of global consumers really believe life starts at 40 18 else in your presence and see your five Martell sin, but that doesn't mean they want to look their age Healthier eating. Oh, yeah, just like me. I had the score ice cream yesterday Anyway, yeah, I'm sorry Healthier well, what are you gonna say? I'm not just late to certain things. I like okay? I admit it I'm just one lose I'm weak like everybody else I'm weak like how martino a Al Healthier eating longer life spans and hard disposable incomes who've helped to hold back the years However for many people the biggest boost is coming from the surgeon's scalpel How do you like that and there's more to this story, but unfortunately it didn't print out. I just noticed that That's okay. We don't care about that because I'm not here to read stupid ass story We even smart ass story. I'm just here to be a smart ass. Isn't that right? That's what they pay for Don't be reading something important stuff So now I feel like middle-aged so a lot of good things are happening this week I've been a fan of week for me. I continue that right now. It's been a fine week Actually, we want a couple of bucks at my good machine and Wednesday would buy not too much just enough to you know Can't fear and whatever else No But why they you best Drunk and stupid is nowhere to go to relax. How can you make love to you wife if she's at that here? Yeah, who's some white? Yeah, that's why and I'm gonna forklift around to the front lawn you need to know six pounds off of your face. He's fat and stupid. Yeah, in my family. I got fat Tell me No one's gotten sugar in the morning waiting help. They which you can't look fat in the next red so I'm you should back don't blame us for your fat ass. Yeah, it seems I'm really fat so burger material I'm gonna you're affected He blink your eyes. She's morbidly obese Yeah Okay nine hundred ninety five oats on a pool work be by ten thirty we're gonna have a thousand today Mark that down on your lymph wrist. I right down the wall. Okay stick up there We're the moon don't shine nine hundred ninety five oats already the only sad part of it is six people Say real men don't use body wash. I take that as a personal a front, you know like a slap in the face Don't you not really What was his new soap anymore do you you so no I don't well there you go that's three for three of us three We all men well least close to it This closes you're gonna get this story about golf stream. This is just this is the epitome of why many many people I don't want to mention my name or anybody else's but so many people feel that soft food is just such a like a joke It's a joke Only usually at a joke if it's a good joke people laugh at it. This is just like a pathetic like oh brother How's that big headline in a sunset and all John verse teen rights first prostitution of rest reported at Slots casino in hell and Dale. Oh my god exactly I couldn't have said it better myself and undercover prostitution sting last night or Wednesday night Later the first arrest inside golfing park racing in casino slot machine room somebody got a bad machine Mine or something like that. How do you like that hookers and gambling going on simultaneously? I don't believe it what a concept I Want to apologize to every peripheral place in every peripheral school in every peripheral person the world because peripheral Doesn't come close to describing South Florida how backwater it is oh Joseph's how about real men don't pray and we sponsor real men love Jesus. I never saw that real men love Jesus Did you I guess I'm not bumpers take her one real men love Jesus. Oh how about real men love each other So that man don't pray and whatever happened to that guy Rick Stance his ran over I guess what you still did Sure, that's not common show with a thick voice to call all the sports shows. I hope he's dead by now Anyway, getting back to the story about a hooker. Oh my goodness She number reclined 21 of first none of cover afforded a parmodal on force van agent in the room is bar area And offered to have sex with him for 250 bucks according to a police reports Klein of Lyndon Virginia faces a misdemeanor cup of offering to secure a lude act in a felony kind of illegal Possessing a prescription painkiller. Well what the hell's lude about having sex with somebody? Why's that a lude act? Oh? Cuz you know it's fun Can't have that okay? It's enjoyable on my career So I want to do it must be luden crew the Christians don't like that they like it a lot Well, they got to pretend not to The hell in the image track and the number 15 became the first of barricounties for per mutuals to offer biggest style slot machines mine in March 2005 barred voters approved the Approved allowing the machines at Gals team artigar race track and casino Pablo Beach and Diny High Life Slot opponents have long argued the gambling will lead to more crime in areas surrounding the fair mutuals and here's the proof right here We got our hooker the gambling industry is maintained. There's no proof of any link in that heightened police and security presence in and around the casinos Well, I can say the turn Gals being parsed first two weeks with 516 slots have been pleasantly quiet as far as crime gross had Michael man FD Ali assistant specialist ladies in charge state law mandates FD Ali monitor the slots floor Pleasant they quiet and like surprised they're not like You know raping people in the middle of the aisles and the dragon people off their machines and stealing their money and stuff like that Oh, just wait. It'll be a matter of time the first arrest was gonna happen sooner or later man said we don't consider to problem soon Or later is what he said Like that I should probably play the whole damn thing after climb to West Agent search their first finding several prescription Paincular pills she said she was taken them for a knee injury according to police reports Maybe she has a we need as of 60 p.m. Last night. She was being held in a north-brower jail bond was said at 1300 bucks The man who headed the push for slots and crimes arrest shows just how closely the permuses will be monitored See if all slave-solid night and all weekend long relaxed. Okay the FD Ali is on the case in this hooker This real danger and threat to society to the morals of mankind cheese in custody and They nipped it right in the butt butt bud FD Ali is gonna be quick to pick up on any problem said then atkins the West Marty Graf formerly hot at with great on track Gosting pressure folks in Mike Malini decline coming on the reps one of them things, you know, he's mom What's he gonna say? What's all we're gonna do? Why you go to a diner in the summer hooker could approach it? Of course the diners you're only on probably 50 bucks not 250 Well, I'm gonna hang out there take a puke at that man. We got a thousand-nade votes on the poll. That is really something What it is I don't know, but it's something I don't know I'm not gonna ask you anymore aren't you impressed? I'm trying to ask you because you never are you just so dull okay now you're just hard to impress you're just very hard with different does it make it doesn't make any It's a radio show you're supposed to say wow We're really kicking you We're not you're talking That's right even though I don't care either. Oh, it's kind of nice at least it's better than having like nothing It's better than those QA impulsment. It was like four people vote on in a week. Yeah, and see now he gets it Although Josh is gonna turn that's what that's why he's going to point to you now I understand No, it's not important at all just that you it would be better to have a thousand and a half five You understand what I'm saying sure. I mean I haven't succeeded in survived all of these years by not carrying if there's anybody out there I mean the fact that half of our lung heads that look what we're broadcasting to for Christ. What do you expect about your rocket scientists in South Florida? Anybody it's got a half of brain and got more than five cents will get that a lot of there as soon as they can Now that's that's what I'm telling and you know that right you know that for sure Anyway, let's let's not start knocking South Florida because it's a smart me grotesque place and I've actually the weather is there a lot a lot better Day than it is here. Man. It is just pouring thank God though the temperatures over freezing So we don't have the sweet and freezing rain it you were it. I was gonna slip and break my ass on In fact, it's already three. It's gonna be seven today That's 45 it's already 38 and tomorrow already up to 40. Oh, and the sun's gonna shine tomorrow Huh, what's wrong with that? I bet it's not even over 80 there right now. I don't know what it is I've tried to speed up or I want you to think about this you don't have to answer right now But if the weather in South Florida was like the weather state in Minneapolis How many people would live there? I don't know about 30 exactly good gas. That's what I'm thinking I mean it's what you know, of course nobody the politicians the people who do they have no control over the weather It's just you know an active guy There's whatever it is, you know like the weather in San Diego is nice all the sabers out there all at seafood 1013 is the number of votes real men don't abuse children animals 348 Unless it's a kitty cat. They got to put the cats to whatever you do with them. He's okay Now that's bad. That's a bad thing to say on here all the little kids out there Gonna be like taking cats and pulling their noses off and stuff like that don't be doing it all you kids Hit women real men don't hit women 294 unless like we said before they really deserve it Which could be the case? They don't pat each other on the ass 87 it is so fave man. It is so fave Patent some guy on the ass don't touch ass unless you mean it you know what he says If I touch some guys ass believe me it has some significance Real men don't shower with other men 84 shave anything but their face and head 61 play fantasy football Josh 60 not real men Only guys who are like a little I don't know the fissioned in certain areas I hit this 432 3.1% a fairly low number real men don't listen in the 023 god forbid I tell you one thing with all the men we have listening must have a look at like a lot of a lot of make believe men You know what oh yeah real men don't pay for sex directly 15 that's why that broad there It goes to him. She better watch her pees and queues mr. Whatever that means real men don't use body wash 7 oh Give me a break get with the program okay you all funny daddy goofballs and we don't cry too Why can't that horrible movie that broke ass mounting or whatever the thing was boys it was not horrible? I don't know if they cried or not I know I cried because the the fact that wasted time watching it about half of it And then I shut it off will never finish watching it. I wouldn't watch that thing if you paid me by the mills Second, but I don't see it that way anybody would have cried net movie Unless they were crying for pain to see it right because it was so bad because there was no loving vlog There was no a passion there were there wasn't even like any friendship It was just like a crude Fizzier lack which of course that's the way the movies portray any fact thing anyway and they always haven't always well just like all the other ugly stereotypes What so nice that I have my new facts machine mom all set up over here my own is it quiet? What's another fool sort of yeah What would he give me in like that? It's not great. It's not as good as some of these other ones But whatever we can get thank you so much. You know it's now that we got the calls back on here Now all of a sudden you can feel the vibes baby. Can you feel it can you smell it? I can smell it. I'm your man. What it must be joyous cutting the cheese again bitch Bcza. You Boston Thank you, Lord, I shall move. That's good. Made for men. There was no command of a woman. Your boys will go, I'll swim in. You'll be glad that you paid when you finally get laid its Viagra. All right. Getting girls is a stitch when you've rowed by the inch it's Viagra. On my pills I won't skimped because I don't want to go limp anymore. Spurs a meagat, it's free that I can't hold me on Viagra. 1033, a lot of limp guys out there. Real men don't take Viagra. How's that for one for the pull, huh? Okay. You don't like that? Yes, I do. Real men don't take Viagra or C.L.S or whatever. So don't have to take pills to do the deed. Or everyone awarded. I don't care if you don't want to put that under. It's okay too. I'm easy, you know. It must be the weekend again because the BSO, the porcus, all right. Again, that's right. For our church or self as D.Y. Tense force and district personnel conjunction with other agencies and municipalities will be conducting a D.Y. checkpoint operation tonight from 9 o'clock tonight until 3 o'clock in the morning. You realize it's December one holy crap, man. Our lives are just rambling unraveling or whatever they're doing, you know, just to passing us by. Anyway, 9 o'clock tonight till 3 o'clock in the morning. And the 300 block of South federal highway and deer field beach in Paragravas we identified. The U.I. laws will be actively enforced if they don't like the way you look. Say it and blow your brains out if they could find them. This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandate in Paragravasman of South-Solctive Enforcement activities, not that they want to tell you this, but they have to because the court said, you've got to tell people ahead of time, give a little bit of warning. 9 tonight till 3 o'clock in the morning. It's in the 300 block of South federal highway and deer field beach. So if you're plastered, you're out there. First of all, if you're plastered, we don't want you driving anyway. And we got 803 on our Amized Face page right now. How do you like that? 8003 friends. How much of Josh is just astonished? Did I say I wanted 800 by today, by whatever? And they came through for you. And they came through for us. 8003. Now the bad news is, I mean it's great to have 8003 friends. On our Amized Face page, but the fact that the matter is, I don't read this stuff. I mean most of it. Miguel reads it all, though. Doesn't he, isn't he scouring through there? Probably looking for some, oh that's right. My God's Mary, look at the court. Check those messages or something. Get out of here. He's on those like stink on Joyce man. He's all over that thing. Thanks again Miguel for that MySpace page. Thank you so much. Change my life. Anyway, 8003 votes on the Amized Face. I never dreamed we could do it. Because my space is generally speaking for living and breathing people. And George claims that we don't have any living and breathing people. We have a bunch of doddering old farts. Right. All the doddering old Cuban guys who are playing dominoes down in dominoes park. Those of the guys that listen to old grandpa Neil. Yeah. Charlie Christ is the Rochester R.J.O.P. Governor's Conference. You have an interest first saw some calls here now, but it's only Friday the first week we've got the calls back. And already they're out. I'm a material long since. There's not a line ringing. I don't see you. You. You. I don't see. When you wouldn't see me. Because your phone things all screwed up. And line one is still not working. But hey, we don't want to start complaining here because I'm in a pretty damn good mood. I'm as pleased as punch. I don't know why yet, but I'll figure it out. Christ is the Rochester R.J.O.P. Governor's Conference. Florida Governor like Charlie Gay. Christ still doubted the meaning of G.O.P. Governor's and Mommy is a rare party election winner. He was absolutely. By the. By the. They said as Republican governor's gathered Thursday and Mommy for some post-election Soul searching, Florida's incoming chief executive stood out when I wide-here must have done it. As one of the GOP's few success stories. When you said the Charlie Christ is a success story. Yes. That's what I heard. I would. Republican Charlie Christ flouted the National Anti-GEOP. The current that helps Democratic Party pick up six governorships. And again, it's first majority in Governor's office since 1994. Everyone has to be talking about him. Stay represented. David Reverse of Christ. He's the lockstar who booked the National Print. Everyone wants to hear about the secret of her success. She's a weiner. The other star, President of the Republican Governor's Conference. Governor, Romney Massachusetts. The group's chairman likely presidential contender in 2008. He's got two chances. None and much less than on make no mistake about it. No chance. He's a Mormon. QAM Hello. New. I. Yes. Hey, what do you think about the hockey player, Gaila Flur? Remember? WQAM Hello. I. I. Q. WQAM Hello. What I tell you, it's only Friday. There are already long since out of material. But that's okay. I'll take a moment. One. Yes sir. That's from the turn of the back sheet. Can we download that somewhere? Is there somewhere you want to go? Yeah. I'll get lost. Download my ass. Well, this will be a lot of bad with his turn to back seat. Go get a life, pal. Get a life starting to look like a, y'all. And what about that bridge tender? Can you play it again for that bitch in the office? That she was very nice. You were calling her a bitch. Stuff like that. And you had a good point. Pushy, pushy, a bitch. Nothing worse than people are pushing you know. Anyway, I don't want to read about John McCain and this one. And that one, Charlie Christ. You know, he's got the bull, P.O.P.P. Pull over people's eyes. That's all I can tell you. He does. It's bull. He's got the bull. It's all I can tell you. I can't tell you how to play it, I can't tell you how to play it. But that's all right. One of these days, they'll say, Oh, yes, what? Charlie is a. Painting. Just like I told you about Mark Fully years ago. Nobody believed me. Then they thought I was just fun in them. You know, all that new? He's such a card. He's a panic. I know my queen's baby. Believe you. Me. It takes one to no one. I know a real queen when I sniff on trust me. Real men don't use body wash eight said that. It's way down. You're near the bottom of the pole. Cry three. I don't cry that much and when you consider the fact that I work here. Oh, I'm taking my egg or none yet We just put that on there. I should probably cry a lot. What do you got to cry about nothing? I tell you one thing boy. I wouldn't trade my life now. I will say this I will say this this this last week. I keep thinking about this Now I know you can't do it, but you know that magic wand you've got If I could have like my brain and my money and somebody else's body. Oh, yeah See you know what I mean? No, I don't want to say who necessarily because I would buy it on embarrassing anybody There are there are people I think I would say boy if I could be in that body and still have my income and my You know brain You can't have everything mine. Huh? You can't have everything. Well, that's right where would you put it? Back to I don't know. I'll think about give us some thought Well, I tend to the votes are pouring in today and The the taxes with the polls. Hey look at you. I just facts on two pages. What's the whole stream park a tracking increase? Oh Yeah, that was our first story this morning you idiot tune in we the show starts at 10 o'clock by the way Okay, so if you tune in like a 10 30 minutes start fetching a stuff that already read or talked about Bug off quit wasting my damn thanks paper. I'm not gonna new my sheen mine I have a tip for the people that might want to facts you a new story. Yeah. Don't Yeah, well, I don't know I wouldn't say that once in a while we get something that hit once in a great while But all day long stories that you just got done reading and sometimes a week ago coming over that thing yeah So what's it to you nothing oh there's that problem But this is what we've been watching for much of the day a little scrumtions breaking out there in Congress little scrumtions So what's the big deal with that there a bunch of hot blooded Julios, okay? You know how that goes. I'm sure that people in your family probably like your mother Right all the time. Okay Sure 164 votes on the full real men don't tell let's say listen to Neil only 23 to 0.1%. So if you're listening now and you're a guy Accentifus� arrived Awards grow into five sixty suineFake short gazzms. I fake four-play Shame Nobody wants to get what he has to say The book and they show what they're meant in From a guy who's picked him to a stick Shut up or take a war You should have the bad day You can't be denied The cherry that you go but you really should have fried You shouldn't fry a bit That one thing goes in Because nobody can't, she can't afford to pay rent We always say Shut up, go away Because nobody can't pay rent But you won't change Because in the world we say Shut up, go away I don't believe Because everybody in the question That the choose man is guilty of sin Maybe what all this means Why can't all those two people say Shut up Not you, shut up You had a bad day And two people died The cherry that you go but you really should have fried You shouldn't fry a bit Not one thing goes in Because nobody can't, she can't afford to pay rent We always say Shut up, go away Because nobody can't afford to pay rent We two, three give the soul Shut up Shut up, go away 1046 and speaking of Somebody killed two people and got away With a guess what movie was on my cable again last night That I watched the last 20 minutes of again Because I just obsessed with it Especially the ending That's important Yes Speaking of somebody killed two people And got away with it Well that's the end of the ending What? That's what I didn't tell him much of anything Get outta here Just much of everything No I like that It's good, good movie Good for reading And it's so what a gallon of glass Good for reading That would be changes my attitude about him So you were touching anti-Sermite You would have a day I might have an altitude of about I'll pour the possible light It's never she in jiu-y is a real fun She has the ability to make good movies What's in it? I am not the end of Woody Allen Okay, next I talked me into it You're not going to talk me into it Just one of those things You're a hard ass and you were a big one What do you want in fact? I am I don't know Well it's from the sound of it I knew that sounds of it You're strong I don't want to see any other Woody Allen movies It's like why would you take his light here with him What? Why would you dislike it Just because he's an Ebisu She Jew Because he's annoying He's annoying Like I said Josh He said And you know In a combined standard here He is annoying I'll give you that But I would stop me from seeing a movie Watch this movie I know it was a Woody Allen movie I still want to be I thought it was his Would you have watched it? I did know it was his It's said right at the beginning And they opened an credits to send the directed by Woody Allen Well like Brave Hearts one of the greatest movies But you won't see it because now Gibson did it Oh, I wouldn't want to send it if you paid me by the frame Brave heart Brave heart And Joyce that's one of Joyce's favorites Brave heart When you think Yeah, that's what she told me All of her is our Brave and bold and old Old mommy Like old Like old stuff that's been hanging in the class of the law in mock balls You know when Joyce finds it's like old moth balls In fact when surprised me if she's got old balls 184 votes on the pool Real men don't Now what was that song about the four seasons Real men don't cry wasn't it? Big girls Big girls don't they Big girls don't cry Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah When I watched those time life Infomercials and I do watch Immunication there I might actually buy something like I've locked those hits of the 70s or whatever once I might play them all And I see Frankie valley on there and he's you know he's lipstick in the song I don't cry. I see them taking it myself How why would we have listened to that you know it's just so it's Oh, I like this song But they don't cry. I and he's got that false set or like a real silly person But he made a lot of money being a silly person. What's wrong with that work for me? Real men don't abuse children or animals 370 we can agree on that. That's pretty much a given isn't it don't beat up your kids You know what I'm like take a little kitty cat and tie it by it's tail to a tree or hang it from a hangman's news or like that Unless you really bored on the weekend Real men don't hit women 313 unless they just won't stop nagging and being a pest and the back I'm about oh god I'll say it again man. I don't know how some of you do it And of course you know how you do it either Put over the nagging the nagging Oh, I see I see somebody's old guys that would button the wives I don't know this and I I tried this and hit the button that oh She's how it becomes like white noise, you know like road noise when you live near the freeway You know you hear it anymore just tune it out sure Real men don't shower with other men 89 Paddle the men on the ass 89 interesting the sing number of hosts there in the same was symptom the same syndrome The same Josh sniffing syndrome guys who just take showers together, snap each other on the ass with their towel And then of course get together in the fraternities and have to do all this other factory That's not real men don't shave anything but their phasion head 68 unless maybe the armpits a little bit around the crotch and maybe your anus Real men don't play fantasy football 63. I hate this pull a mere 35.2% This is gonna be one of our real popular polls. I can see that already can't you? Of course it's not ours, but nevertheless thank you again to the audience for really coming true for us with some really nifty ideas See I say that and then they believe it and then they'll send some more and some would like be pretty good Real men certainly don't listen to me or 23.2.1% Real men don't pay for sex directly 15, but of course all of them do one way or the other pretty much not always though No, like if you're really good looking guy you can just shake at the tree If you're like Brady Quinn you don't have to shave your chest. You don't have to pay for sex That I think goes without saying if you're like Tom Brady, you know a big super jack I guarantee a he ate all oh yeah, maybe he is and he's got the big bucks You know these guys have got the dog stars jax, you know good looking babies guys Yeah, well sooner or later they want to pay for it. You right one way or the other real men don't use body wash eight and again We take that with tremendous umbridge whatever the hell that means all right. It just makes me vomit Hey there was this and I don't you know, I don't feel bad some of you people are so stubborn with that nasty rotten soap The heroin you're gonna kind of guys that you soap anymore the ones who enjoy dropping it real men don't cry three And real men don't take fire grow only one. Well, there's a lot of guys out there got a problem which you know And in fact back in the day before we had all these vag when see Alice spots just all over the place on radio and TV Most of us were not aware the tremendous even a lot of you and bushy young guys who just have difficulty getting the deed done You know what I'm saying never knew that before did you know that? No, I sure never did But now we're seeing all these ads on and you think maybe one out of every three guys in America is like poppin pills just to get the deed done if they're to be believed My favorite line of what Ed is it for a sea Alice? I guess in both of those they just finger at the end If you're suffering from pre-opism, which is an election last year more than four hours four hours Or I see why would not walk around in public if that were the case well my case would make any difference Believe me nobody would notice trust me anyway editor early the minutes of Minneapolis to start for you Although we should take your call or two first two a.m. Hello, we've got a little girl like I said editor early in the Minneapolis start for you Bush talks nonsense about situation in a racket says for how well it says this when president Bush pronounced Prime Minister Nuri Al Maliki the right guy for a rack yesterday It we called Bush's infamous heck of a job comment about female director Michael Browns have commented response to her king Katrina both comments a more about Bush than Brown or Al Maliki on a rack is on Katrina Bush has completely slipped the morons of reality He has slipped the morons of reality to good learning. Yes, even as the president was speaking to Al Maliki and I'm on Jordan Rival She had an assuming groups in Baghdad including those controlled by Al Maliki's patron cleric McDonald's solder We're massing for all out battle Bloodshed in the capital is reached the size of the level since the American invasion whatever happens down a rack will have little do with what the US wants to happen Bush showed the clear on reality of his views during a stop in Lafay earlier in the week It refused to acknowledge the silver that is playing the sea pronounced incredibly that al Qaeda is the major threat in Iraq and pledged again That he would not pull American troops off the battlefield before the mission is complete If the troops still have an actual mission in Iraq, it should be the hunker down and stay safe until somebody figures out how to get them home The rash study group is searching for that way. It's report due to Bush next week, but lead to the New York Times Wednesday Pushes Bush to be able withdraw US combat brigades in the new year the bipartisan groups consensus recommendations avoid setting a timetable Because it knew Bush would reject that out of hand, but it was determined as once or told the times to move the national debate from whether to stay the course or how do we start down the path out Members of the group clearly aim for their report to play a role while Bush most likely rejects it's called to begin true for draws Many word congressional Republicans will find in the report they cover they need to begin distancing themselves from the president A bipartisan effort is likely to take shape in Congress early next year to press Bush into pulling out troops That's the study groups intended effect It believes unless the Iraqi see that Bush is under pressure to begin withdrawals They will have zero sense of urgency to reach the political settlement that needs to be reached as once or a total of times Report also spends considerable time outlining aggressive diplomacy ablaze the birth administration to turn it on take in the region including contact with Iran and Syria that Bush is repeatedly rejected Throughout its deliberations the study group worried that it's report might come to light and it may have especially given Bush's continuing refusal to confront reality A horrific bloodlady may not be inevitable and a rectum at or what anybody wants We hope this report with a pressure it'll put on both Bush and Al-Maliki can up a void that but it's a long shot To arrogance willful ignorance and stubbornness Bush is created in Iraq a real dogs breakfast mess Well, that's good and Minneapolis star tribunatorial dogs breakfast. I tell you okay my dogs wouldn't have gotten near him And they sure won't anymore either nothing worse than having to put a dog to sleep and a while won't say nothing worse But it's not good not pleasant right although you know what won't you get over it You realize how lucky not that's bad. I'm a dog lover. You know that I actually said we all know how we all dog lover But it's just one of those things. It's a part you know a phase in your life and you finally get over that and you say well, I was sure a lot of fun now. What do we do now something else something else So let's mess you on your car. Thank God for driving 1997 votes on the poll 10. 97 by 11 o'clock. We're going to have 1100 and the people out there the vote counters the vote The squeezers while they're just jumping for joy now. They got answered their pantalomies. They're so excited about it on the first of December No less Can it possibly be and don't we say this all the time or guess as you get older you say that all time boy I'll tell you the days and the weeks and the month they're just fly in by and I'm almost the end there As you can order you say that right because you realize that yeah There's a lot more days behind you than in your future. There's a lot more in your behind than it was near future So to speak that's what duck told me 10.56 at 5.16 W to QMH You have to get off your bad ass for that Please restore our constant And give us our sense of right Right Now that we got rid of the meal come round share of jiu Oh, the demigrants better just down and get to work There's all resources Open Open Open Thank you Is this king Friends The Robinое In its sole volumes through is akyo akyo Run into the roof Let's go to the... Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! You're getting stronger with me! Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! Oh, Brad! Lemon O2 at 5.60. That would be great, man. It is snowing like crazy in Chicago. We're going to look at that hundreds of flights cancel if you've got to go to Chicago this weekend. Let's go to about it. That's my best advice. Very good what I've been to had you won. I'd like to take a whole rack to call you. You know, but I don't see that happening. Do you? Well, I don't know what you're seeing, so yeah, sure. Whatever you saw. I'm seeing one here, but you know, one is... I'm this year last about half a second. It's screwed up computer screen. That's what I see. Are you bitching to get him up here? Oh, yeah! Oh, no! What do we do? What do we do? Stop, Karen. Doesn't make it. Now, see that sounds awful negative to me around it. Oh, it's been a bit... Oh, it's been a bit... Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, six. Oh, 60. Tom, five, six, you leave a rise in singular wireless line. You'll see they're going to be great today. I mean, I can just smell it. Can't wait. WQA and hello. QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes? And you know, we're the kids in you having that DUI set for an at... ...spottle fast in that area later on tonight. WQA and hello. QAM. It's just the automobile show. I have a stuffed Q instructor. Yeah, I'll go pull some punches. I'll pay her. Pull whatever you get your hands up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, that's right. They don't pull no punches on that show. No punches. When it is... is that kind of like you literally do something? I shouldn't have said that. Jai. Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. See, I shouldn't be putting you in that difficult position. You know, all these people that you work with like Dave Ann Boring, who is Boring. And then the guy in the auto show on Saturday morning. By the way, that will be on tomorrow morning right here on QAM. The real deal. 9 to 10 AM right after the weekly fishermen show. And right before the fantasy playbook. And once that other show, oh, Jai's draft from Tom Alexander 10 to clock Saturday night. What kind of a show is that? It sounds gay. To me, it's where they sniff from and discuss the aroma. The booboss is what's unusual about that is now where we do 20 hours of the Anastation. They go with deep. How deep. WQAM. No. Yes, sir. You think if you did survive, you would have been able to do that girl in the back seat of that car. Yeah. WQAM. QAM. Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. I knew. Yeah. It's a real bar that's got to happen. I go up grocery teeth bar. We're getting out of my face. Well, she had the most yellow teeth. I wish she's been dead for years now. So I can say that. Had her on my show on INZ about 100 years ago. And she had the most yellow teeth. I even thought she was a Brit or something. The Brit's all have yellow nasty teeth. Namists because they're all smoking in real strong faggots. You know, and you're of everybody smokes. Are you worried about that? I understand that for stories. Yeah, they smoke like up the storm. I feel like a chunny. And they hold their cigarettes backwards. It's kind of like holding your gun. Like sideways. Like a real punk. You know, like a real punk. I, like a real punk. I should really cool when you're a real smug. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, did you ever get those pictures of a brother running John Robb? I'm not a George. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're talking about the kiddies of black kids. The black kids. We always talk about the kiddies of black kids. Okay, great. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Let me get back to us a material here. I told you by Friday. They'd be out of calls. Now it's around. Well, by Thursday actually. In fact, by the first half hour on Monday. But that's okay. Because that's the bread and butter. This is what the list is one. You let us know about it. This is what we gave you. We came into the public. We came into public pressure. Yes. See, that's why I don't read the messages on that my spacing. Okay. Let's go. I'm going to make one for you. Nice connection. There. That's great. And all of that. But other than that. Hey, listen. If it takes 800 and 3 people to find one that you want to speak to. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Those are good odds. Sometimes in life, you have to go through a whole bunch of people. Right. And you find somebody at your interest in like, you know, many people. Go old. Right. So anyway, somebody facts this in. Why did they facts this in from a channel. 7. What does this mean? See none the scene from WSV and Michael Cohen. See none the scene. I'm sure the bold highlighted extra big part is the part that's supposed to be. It's a moderately interesting. I mean, nobody is very interesting. See none the scene. All of my me celebrity juicy need to know. It says WSV. I'm outside the low so tell says Michael Cohen. Where Britney Spears was an oh show again this weekend for her penthouse stay. Last week was the divorce. This weekend it was partying with Paris and LA. And sources tell me her mommy record reduces our fed up. Partying with Paris. Oh, Jesus. God. I'm outside Snatch and self-veage where bedboy rocker Tommy Lee took the partying just a bit too far after dancing and drinking with hot babes in the VIP room. Lee exited the bar at 4 a.m. but didn't make it far he landed on the sidewalk. Face down no doubt. I'll look what happened to Dr. Bob on the sidewalk. And if it could only happen to Tommy Lee we'd have a party. And then here's the part that's highlighted. Latin sensation Luis Miguel will certainly be enjoying the sunset and views. And his new bigs if the scene redest bow harbor. The former flamer or flame of Mariah Carey has dropped a couple million dollars for the A. Lee to dress where I'll have neighbor such as Andre Agassey. Wow. What you'd be impressed if you had the neighbor like Andre Agassey? Oh, he shaved a lot. Heavy, heavy duty man. The former flamer. Buh, aiming. And then it says a slim down brick hooking hung out with an incredible father I'm Lincoln Road. Laptor sentence founds for Rosio Donal who played with a kids who are star island mansion. And Vince Neals had other grass and columns out. This is what Michael Cohen's got for you. I'm seeing on the scene on Channel 7. Anybody who watches that we will come to your house and blow your brains up. If we thought you had any. 117 votes on the pool. I'm most curious about that body wash thing. Nine people say, we'll then don't use body wash. Probably old funny that he old folk. He kind of people when you think they like that hairy soap. Yeah, that's soap. They are curly hair on it. Oh, man. In fact, my mother always used it when she'd stay at my house because I never used Arnold. No, she would always use that ivory soap. You know, the white soap and to make the hair stand out. Yeah, like the stands out like a sore thumb. Yeah. I mean, I have like a dial or something. Some real decent soap on there. Although there is no such thing as decent soap. And that what's it about, you even put like lava soap in there. Lurch is like pumice. Sure. Like taking a rock and trying to like scrub the schmutz off your arms and your body and your ass with a rock. Good. Speaking of a rock, you imagine how it smells over there. Not too good. I would probably not. It's probably smells like death. Oh, man. The stench of death and calman wars in the air everywhere. Is it donkey manure? Something like that. Only three people say real men don't cry. We'll see. I feel better about that. Although it's quite an interesting conflict though. You see that? Nine people say real men don't use body wash in order to say real men don't cry. Real men don't cry at movies. Although I did have a tear in my eye at the, what was that all about that stupid ass call the other day? But the Kennedy thing I said, I saw the tentanity biography under and I said, tour the end of the show. I had like a tear in my eye. I wasn't seeing their crying. We were crying like a baby or even about the box tops. Cry like a baby. Got that? I bet you do. Let's say I know you do because you played it before. All this business, see, and of course the idea of the pool. This is what the stereotype, you know. If you're a real man, you do it as well. It's the box tops and what was the other thing? The leather. They had this. Oh, the leather. The leather. The leather. They had the leather. Was it called the leather? Yes. And they also had this. What the hell is that? What is that? They didn't have to be so deep. I was so deep, yeah. They had made them to 18 on the chart and then there's this. They had faux, you know. Well, they had on the chart. They had seven. Well, the leather neon rainbow, cry like a baby, two-two-frame, I met her in church, sweet cream ladies forward March and soldy. Well, it's 12. The old canceling off of that. That was a hit. Yeah. Give me a break. You know, after cry like a baby, that was chubin' and the leather, which reminds me, I haven't played this in a long, long time. In fact, you know, something I'd think it's even in here anymore. I think it just took off and vanished. Just disappeared. By the way, she's 96 men and white. Get me a thick guitar and arrow plane. You made him a steak, Neo. You said that vana was like 50, whatever, and she's only 47. She's so old-bagged. And she didn't do anything. We could even turn the freaking letters for crying out loud. All the way to watch that show every night, religiously. I'd be a multi-multime millionaire if I had the money from, I guess, and all the puzzles. What was the one last night? It was about, um, oh, I figured what, whatever was so easy. And the guy didn't get it. What a schmuck. Doesn't that bug you when it's easy? And they don't get it? Yeah, because, you know, that you could be winning money. If you were there. Yeah, you could be winning all that money. Of course, if you were there underlikes with all that pressure, you'd probably still know it. I think they choose idiots on purpose. Well, I sure do then. And most of the guys they have on are really... By all of them, but for whatever reason that is, TV has an obsession with the flamers. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I don't know what that's all about. I guess they liked to create that ugly stereotype with all these screaming, flaming, mincing queens. Probably because at least as far as game shows go, because they act all animated, you know, they flat their arms. They flat their arms. And once in a while they actually take off. The biggest name, so best talent is that this real rotors for Shreddie of 560. You a- And... Why, by you best dude? If you're planning a Scientology wedding reception, don't settle for ordinary entertainment, call Scientology Wedding DJs. Ladies and gentlemen, time to dance off that delicious dinner. This one's going out to the zoo, who dropped the little atomic bomb. Follow both pairs of millions of years ago if a gap band, you dropped the bomb on me. You! Don't be shy, come on out of the way. Only at Scientology Wedding DJs can give your special day that special Scientology time. All of the day, both in time for the bribe. The problem we gave, so let's have a hold. They go with it. I'm already thinking about what's out of the hire. I'm a dance world. And now, come on down. You know who you are? Scientology Wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect celebration. The controlling groups, these the brainwasme ride. Oh, there we go. The controlling group, these the brainwasme ride. Give them a fake out of the walls. Everybody, thank you. You know, no, they can't be Scientology Wedding DJs. But Scientology Wedding DJs do. Don't be glam. Call that out. On the 17 at 5.60W, you can produce from the hooters hard rocker to a club for the mad dog today. And then the Humper for three solid hours. Boy, hey, better be in training right now for three hours. Speaking of that, Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix says they're going to test a new federal screening system. That takes x-rays of the passengers' bodies to detect and seal explosives and other weapons. Yeah. The technology called Backscatter has been around for several hours. It hasn't been widely used in the US as an anti-terrorism tool because of privacy concerns, because a lot of people don't want you to be able to see people see in their privates. The TSA said it's found a way to refine the machine's images that the normal graphic pictures can be bored in certain areas. While still being effective in detecting bombs and other threats. So I guess we're going to carry a weapon on there. Stick a mark in your privates would be good. Maybe stick in your rectum. They'll find it. The agencies expected to provide more information about the technology later this month, but said one machine will be up and running at Sky Harbor's terminal 4 by Christmas this year. I'd like that. So if you want to hide your privates, don't fly through Phoenix. What's the machine called Backscatter? If you want to hide your penis, don't fly through Phoenix. You're part of your partner's called Backscatter. Like I said, look at that. Susan Hall will hold up a side arm that was detected by the backscatter machine at the Sunthon Road. She's holding it up. A side arm. It's a piece. The security agencies website indicates that the technology will be used initially as a secondary screening measure, meaning that only those passengers who fail the first extended screening will be taken to the X-ray area. Even then passengers will have the option to choose in the backscatter for a traditional pat down search. They want people looking into privates and under their pantaloon easing their skirt and whatever under their bras. A handful of other US airports will not be answering machines in place by early 2007 as part of a nationwide pilot program. The technologies are already being used in prisons and by drug enforcement agents and has been tested London's Heathrow Airport. The security agency says that the machines will be effective in helping to take plastic or liquid explosives and other non-metallic weapons that can be misplaced by standard metal detectors. Some say the high-resolution images, which clearly depict the outline of the passenger's body, plus anything attached to it such as jewelry, are too invasive for Christ's Sakes, too rare and invasive humani-ax. Quit looking at my thing. If you got good eyesight, but the TSA said the X-rays will be set up so that the humans can be viewed only by security officer and they were more location. Other passengers and even the agent at the checkpoint will not have access to the picture. Or that makes it better. Only one pervert's going to be watched. In addition to the system, there's a job that maybe I like to have. Although I'll be honest with you, most of the people I go through those detectors, I don't want to see what they got. You got to sort them out. Yeah. When in that sort of amount, I'll just have the select line. I'll select the pick and choose. In addition, the system will be configured so that the X-ray will be deleted. As soon as the individual steps away from the machine, it will not be stored or available for printing or transmitting agency spokesman Nico Melinda said, her name ends in Z. Be very, very wary because she really sounds kind of scary. At any rate, there's the new deal. Pretty soon, again, like just have you rip all of your clothes off right there. They're going to like, you know, and even then they'll probably do like a body cavity search which was right as me. Stick their nose in your actual body parts. WQAM Hello. QAM in an electrical line. Yeah, our request is that you die. That's our request. That's it. Not shameless either. It's an honest goodness right from the heart. WQAM Hello. Alright. Okay. Killing two birds with one stone is always fun with me. That's what the vice president taught me how to do. Killing two birds with one shot. Works like a charm. Still, when nine people said using body watches not for real men, 1151 on a pool. I think we're going to be like around 1200 by noon, 12 by 12, like the size of some people's Anse 12 by 12 like the beast. I don't want to mention anybody else. I don't want to be, you know, all over the hand. But I just think you have like, you know, try to stay alive would be good. When you think it would be a good idea. Look, I told you if I washed my hands of trying to get into the house, try to say fat people from their own, they're like me and that's where I stream yesterday. It was very strikes and I know something didn't even have any taste to it. It didn't even have any taste. So now that I know for sure nothing there was any doubt before, but I may slave to the sugar baby. If it's sweet, I like it. No comment. WCWM Hello. WCWM Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Or quiet. You know, I saw the same thing that you were talking about when the W push said he's the right man for the job. I'm a little gear, whatever his name is. I saw the same sound by the night. I thought of the same thing that he was thinking. So right there, right guy. He's the right guy. Right. I think they talked to it. We're going to get these guys and these folks and all that. I'll also have folks who he was attracted to. He saw us. He's also here that quote from the Iranian president, telling George Bush to pull out the troops. Fuck this more on domestic issues and say all the money that this war is causing. Did you hear about that? No. Okay. All right. I thought you did, but you got a good thing. Okay. Thanks, Paul. I was just thinking, what a terrorist he hates for you. Yeah. Why do you hate America so much sir? I think he has asked him to take to the river. She's got some anti-merk and pressure and the underup is. But in fact, I think we just heard some of it. It was the back splatter. I think I can smell right here. It's the back splatter. I think choice is back splattering all over the place. It doesn't matter if it's only back splatter. That's what I heard. That's right. What's the matter? What's the matter? That's exactly right. Put it on a platter. We'll have it for lunch. Five, six, six, six, six. And Paul. Now, what's the deal of lunch? What are you guys eating these days? I don't know. You're psychic. Boy, it's all little like you had a webcam going. Just now walked in, as you said that. From how he's. From how he's having some group of fingers. Josh is having a group of fingers. What is this group of fingers? What is this? What is this? What is this? What is this? What is this? What is this? It happens to be very good. It's very light. Fluffy. You know, I'm not sure. You can find two and that's why he'll be fingers. Rupert fingers. You know, like, my batters and so on. And Josh is having his usual three assorted meals. Whatever they are. You mark my words, man. That kid's going to blow up like a balloon. You'll see. I said he stuck that bicycle pump in a long queue. He's inside of me. Martin Short. No chance. It's not easy. I'd care if you're that he plays Martin Short. And he's going to click. Oh boy. I like Larry Glick. I'm WBC, but the Jeremy Glick. I can live with that. Martin Short, I got to be asked for the least me really limp. Even though he's like Canadian boy, but never bless. What's part of time. And he's done a couple things. Yeah. Long time ago. Very long time ago. He's just not funny. Not even. And of course, your buddy with his fingers in the bag. The squeeze bag. He has him on every now and now that. And he comes wearing a Jeremy Glick blow up out. He's totally like a 100-year-old. That's the stupidest character ever in the history of the human race. Yeah, it absolutely is. And that's because Martin Short isn't funny. So if he can't be funny, that kind of stupid. By some of our callers for example, a lot of one mention a name. Like, many. At least four or five, anyway. 116.6 votes on the poll man. We're making some real progress this week. Some wonderful things happen to us this week. You know what? I can't think of too many. One or two. Real man, don't abuse children in animals for 10. Hit women 332. Unless they quit. don't stop bitching and if they all stop bitching just you know just remember like in once upon a time in America. Hmm. Wanna pop and cook this? First of all real Jews don't say took us okay nobody says took us. They say to us not took us. When you told me that James Woods was Jewish that that almost ended my life as I knew it. That did it just brought my whole existence to a standstill. Oh, just pretend he's not. I just can't stand James Woods. It's not just the Zits all of it doesn't help but this is just something about him. I just never thought he was a good actor. Just always bugs their crap out of me. And then he was in at what that was his name Roy Cole and he was in at movie two. The good part about that one is he died in the end. Two bad James Woods didn't. Real man don't hit women 332. Shower with other men 95. What kind of guy showers with other guys naked right there naked? Yeah, throw them throw them throw them so back and forth. Yeah. Pad other men on the ass 95. You see the same 95. Look at that how that come out. Coins. Real man don't shave anything but their face and head 73 if you're like shaving and the meat and the nearing and the pleasing your something going on there. Real man don't play fantasy football 66. I hate this 436 3% mighty low. Real man don't listen to the 0.25 down to 2.1%. I can hit a lat that doesn't. I'm not the least bit offended by that. Real man don't pay directly for sex 16 indirectly. Most men pay for sex one way or the other. Real man don't use body wash 14. It's a produced epistome. Ask me if I care. You know, you keep you care keep throwing at the hairy soap all around. Okay. Oh, that schmutzene nasty. And probably all the schmutzene's on the soap anyway. You think it gets washed off in the health there. Don't kid yourself. The schmutzene's there right there on the soap. And maybe it's even somebody else in your household schmutz. Oh, God. Real man don't cry. Only three and take Viagra only one. Those last two entries there aren't. They're not doing swimming well. They're kind of like swimming off stream. But we do have 1170 votes. And we do have that DUI checkpoint. How often should I mention that? Like once every five minutes. Okay. I mean, it's a very narrow. This is like the other ones we've had in the past. It were like a wide swaths of, you know, broward and wherever. This is just one block. The DUI task force from the BS. Oh, be out tonight. 9 o'clock tonight till 3 in the morning. And it's just a 300 block of South federal highway and deer field beach. I mean, who the? I thought all the people in deer field beach would be schluffin by 3 o'clock in the morning. I think all over the edge of 100. I haven't been there in a long time. Fear field beach. They're all ancient, man. Anyway, that's where it's going to be. 9 o'clock. I'm going to be at the end of the day until 3 in the morning. 300 block of South federal highway and paired rivals will be identified in DUI law. They're the actively enforced. They'll be after your ass. Whether you want to give it up or not. The biggest thing. Oh, right. Don't stand there. The wall comes to an end. One more. I'll call you. I'll call you. That's it. It's fuck 12 Friday. You best in. I swear you in the name of a dude. It is me, Boola. You're good friend. Boola? I could hardly recognize. You're with your Derby and Galer. So it's a danger when I just washed it. Then you must do like I do. And wash all your clothing in new blue fat pochier. It whitens white and brightens colors. So you're Derby and will not fade or become danger like when you use other detergent. And then I will not be mistaken for a SUNY again when I use fat pochier. Never. And it's said for your delicate items too. So don't take a chance on getting a rock in the head because your Derby and his failed into obscurity. Get back but shit. Get back. Okay, sure. Well, I'll be right out there in the year. I'll start to get it right now. 28 till noon at 5. 60 W.M. Calls are pretty weak today. I got to be honest with you. I thought maybe they can get through the entire weekend. Really keep up the level. We had here on Monday and Tuesday. Then we have quite a level. Yeah, wait. Something. Yeah, we had something is right. Can't use the word on the air. 5.670560. Tom 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Like George has always said, it's just a maze is him. Just shocks the living deal out of him. Here we are. It's a miracle man. It's an exercise in free speech. And believe me, there's not much left about around it. No, no, no. And these people are soft food. And of course, it's a great reflection of the community at large because they have nothing to say that. I think about the dolphins and the Jaguar is on the Sunday. What do you think about that? And they all think the lions can give the a Patriots around for the money. What do you think about that game last night? I think about that game last night. Man, I could put you in a coma Cincinnati. And the Ravens. That could make you Ravennad. Or could they have got an offensive one, the Ravens. Every now and then, all of a sudden, this was in influence. Like when they play a girls team like the Sealers, then they beat the living daylight out of them. Or he's eaten one of his four meals now, John. Showcase. Sorry. Sorry to hurt you when you got a mouthful. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. So it. Yeah. Ask Neil if he's ever seen Brady Quinn sister. Yeah. See he's not my. Yeah. Yeah. She ain't much. He's a lot prettier than she is. Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line. Ask Neil if he's ever seen Brady Quinn sister. What do I give a crap about Brady Quinn sister? Why do I care what that she looks like? See, this is what really gets me with these head or sexual guys. You know, so many of them think that all are rest of us. Fags. We got to worry about that. Yeah. That George worry about Brady Quinn. So he means he don't like her. And even Josh wasn't impressed. Sure. Okay. Yeah. The pictures I saw. Maybe she's not bad, but nothing. Nothing to write home about. It can personally. She's really on a female side, not in the same category that he's in on the male side. Okay. Even he's neurotic two here would have to agree with that. No argument. No contest. See there he go. He's a lot pervient she is. And Josh just keep eating. So. We don't want to let kids you involved in the middle of that. He's halfway through meal number two. That did he exploit. I don't know how he's doing. Kind of like let's make a meal. Remember that show with money. Help. Let's make a meal. What do you want me to number two? Let's be on the door. Money. All by the way. Another Canadian Jewish guy. It's got millions and millions. Oh my god. He's got more money than God. And that was a. Yeah. Yeah. When we were the guys named Jay Stewart was the an answer on a show. Remember he used to shut that little table out. Never dropped anything. I saw. Of course they were taping. It's a whole window. Right. I mean, it would be bad to come out there with that little. His job. He was an answer and he was the Schleffer for money haul. WQAM hello. Not court. WQAM. Hello. QAM. A.D. OK. You have George. Probably some of the numbers on these are crank colors. So we could help. OK. Great. 5.6. 7.0. 5.6. There's another guy. We'd rather have the cranks than you. Pally cause all year ago on his talking craft. You're talking garbage. Published a number so what? So you can call him up and like have party time. Is that what you want? Yeah. It sounds like me. He's looking for a friend. Let's have our another my space page. Like an alternate page for the nut jobs. Maybe that's what we already got. Yeah. Possible. You never know who you're dealing with. That's one of the things about communicating with people online. Baby go to these chat rooms and stuff. You never have any idea who's on the other side of the line. Maybe it's that guy from from date line. What else is name? John Stalson. No, that's not the guy's name. The one that's the thing is the thing. Those are the things. You trap the pedophile. Whatever is now. What does this make? What is name is? Who cares? What's this? 5.6.0.5. 60.0. 60.0. A regular ride of slime. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. WQAM. Yeah. That's WQAM. Oh wrong number. OK. QAM. I'm on. QAM. QAM. QAM. See what I'd say. Not just out of material, but I mean desperately out of material in less than one full week. Less than a week in this south foot of crowd who wanted those colors back so badly. I mean what you're putting on this full man I wouldn't wish on a hangar kimler. And by the way, I'm a great read. How do you like that? I wouldn't wish it on the freaking water Nazi. Just to be clear. Yes. It's not that I liked the stories all that much. I mean I liked them. They were interesting to me. But it was just something else. Something else is imposed to as opposed to. OK. Exactly. Well, so what does that mean? That's what you want to hear. I know. I know. I just thought. And I think it was Josh that was telling me that nobody he knows under the age of 100 once too. Those stories they don't care about all these boring things that are going on. You know what people care about? What they ask. The first thing you want to know is how does it affect me? How does it affect my life? Am I right? Absolutely. How does that affect me? Your A's is that I'm interested in looking at we got 1191 on the full one. I'm supposed to know you. The stories that you chose to read were exactly that things that affected people's lives. Get out of here. All those political stories. Yeah. You are such a funny, butchist. I mean, it's all very simple. Yeah. I'm a little bit friendly. If I was a butchist, I would say that this call thing was a great idea. That's what I'd say. But I'm not doing the show for you. I know. I know. I've been through two and a sudden a galer would say it's like that. The point is the show. You're not kissing by the Tony down. I'm not the show by the way. What the hell are you showing that for? Oh, healthy neighborhoods. Well, the Cleaver neighborhood was about his healthy and sanitary as you could get. Yeah. And we never thought out what Hugh bullmanted for living either. Anyway, just like Asian Nelson, you know, they would leave in a morning and kiss their housewife or wife goodbye. And that would be it. They'd go away. We never knew what the hell they did the rest of the day. It's probably a hitman could be. Or maybe he was like, what's his name? Worked for the CIA on the side. Oh, Chuck Barris. Chuck Barris. I've said it one thing. I always liked the the gun show for just pure camp humor. You know, it was a terrible show. But it was campy. Mm-hm. But the new one. That was taken to the step through far. The dating game, which you're lying. That was okay. I mean, it was no mic-lang, but he was all right, Jim Lang. Remember the dating show? Sure. This was all right. Maybe I got these themes from all of those cornball shows. We never played those themes. See, one moment please. Here's TV quiz and game shows. They got two discs. I love the other copy of those. I'll bring you a burn. But I can get that. The dating game. I got it. How do you like that? Can you buy that? I ain't even going. I wish I did. That is shocking. I got it. Great minds. Take a look. I'm just going to say it. I'm just going to say it. I'm going to say it. Okay. I guess we wrote this, too. I'm going to be 85, guess we need to mention this in a minute ago. Chuck Barrett. Chuck Barrett. Yeah. Huh? How do you like that? Because I multi-tell him to die. Maybe he was a little bit. Yeah. In between hits and between working for the CI. The newlywed game. Oh, God was at a bad show. And we were at the best part of it. We were supposed to believe all these contrients they were giving. Well, they did show us. You know, that one that we all thought was a myth. Once a man. I finally saw that one most famous answer. 30s things set on TV to date. You don't remember that? No. Everyone thought it was an urban myth. When he asked the girl what's the most unusual place he's done. Oh yeah. Oh, I know. We could say it. That's not that push that too far, man. No, that's getting too deep in the back room. That's the key set. No. And then of course there was always. God, I'll bet you. It's just a great game, you know. The sad part of it is the clerk we found out later. I was a real A-hole, but nothing is perfect. He was still good on it. It's true. It's just that he's an A-hole and Michael Moore showed up for what he really is. 124 votes on the poll. We're making strides at Joel Finder. We're probably having a nervous breakdown about right now right across the street. But probably sitting in the trail with his hand now. The climbing value of Rogers. 4-0-5-60. You passed him. You passed him. The USA got me in my spider hole. Now they turn me over to a rocky control. But the American don't keep me safe. Pretty soon there's gonna be one more grave in the rug. Yeah, here in the rug. As soon as they put me in the dark, I look from in the jail as he rug. My people can hardly wait to make me pay. Just like they did with the day in Houston. Only one way to try and over my post. So Johnny Cacre and our Margara goes to Iraq. Yeah, sick now to Iraq. If myself and I go to stay in Iraq, then again to the jail as he rug. Maybe I'm lucky I can stop a believe. Maybe I can even see the certainty. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's like trying to steal Donat from Michael Moore here, right? Yeah, here, here, here. My head will soak the other flag. And I will die in the jail as he rug. Die is the jail as he rug. I get the jail. I'm 47, 13, but we're going to find 60 WCM. We got 16 people on there to say, Realmen don't use body wash. Those are people who got real serious hangups. Real insecure about their own masculinity. You know what I'm saying? Or they're just doing it to be kind of degrading. Yeah, that could be it. Just to be contrary, just to try to piss me off. Always sure got the old man really. I'm saying, yeah, I really care. I'm not sure what I'm saying. I must have had killed him. He's a visual thing. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I just don't care, even though I can't stand, I mean, despise the show. There's a shame, there will be that. I don't know. Do you all want to see him again, Michael? I have to watch it a while, but I really kind of get into the police, but I'm not going to get involved. Look at him. He's got an old son. I think they have a, like I had different versions, but it's similar. That's how's that? I got a secret. And the name of that song is, Take, take, punk. All right. How do you like that? I think these shows are from before most of the audience was born, okay? Unless they watch the game show channel, which I haven't watched that channel in a day, dogs age. God. I'm just, I don't know. They get first of all the game show channel. They've got too many, uh, these pre-famberated shows that they made this, especially for that channel. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. As opposed to real authentic old game shows, which I don't want to see many more anyway. So I heard it's like watching the reruns on Wheel of Fortune when you've already seen it before. So you do all summer long. You never know all the answers. What's the fun and that? What's the challenge for Christ's? Right? It's like the calls here, man. It's like the thing with a pull. Life is a challenge. It's like going to a woodbind to same thing, sitting down in front of that machine, and challenging that machine, man, and hitting that button, and losing your ass. It's a challenge. And you just don't like a challenge. You just, you know, I don't think so. That's why you don't like the calls. It's a challenge. Okay. It's about 20, 30, 40,000 before you find that. Yes, I do. Somebody has something to say that somebody else on a face of the planet might want to hear. Yeah, that's why I don't like it. Oh. 5, 6, 7. And lying wants to tell us it's a work, by the way. What happens when you press line one? You know what happens? Nothing. That's it. WQAM, hello. Hey, man. I got a stupid little question, but I was curious about the body watch. So how long have those damn bunches left? How long do they last? Yeah. Are you supposed to keep that for a week of month? Do we not have to hear any less for a French and a forever, never, for a long time? Don't ever, ever. Scrunch. Scrunch is free. You know what? They start falling apart and getting all on your parts. Yeah. Yeah. I don't use it. I got news for it. So I asked me how long does that toilet paper last? Yeah. And what is that? What kind of a question is that? Oh, my God. I think I'm starting to have a relapse. You know, a South Florida relapse. And beginning to suck into that hole. I'll be on. Well, how difficult is it? I mean, it's like turning on the faucet. How long does the water keep running out? Yeah. It's the same thing. I don't, I mean, come on. When you flush the toilet, how long is the water keep a, I'm just a special, of a, a little bit of a patient down there. Yeah, yeah. Long is it? Oh, sometimes. Not a my house, no. I can't stand being down there. Is that, uh, I get one. I don't have real strong water pressure. I say, you have a weak toilet. Yeah. And sometimes you've got to flush like two feet times. And it takes so damn in love before it fills up again. I know, I don't want to get into a discussion again about toilets and buy a new. Do you remember had that? Did we? Yeah, we've been through all of that, about all these kinds of, and nifty kind of toilets in, like, so much water and you flush the damn thing and it just, you know, no matter what it's in there, just sucks it. Right on down, that's right. 117 votes on our Friday. This is really on the first of December, December, whatever it held it is. Who would have come up with the names for these stupid ass months anyway? December. The Greeks. The Greeks came up with this. Romans. Romans? What are them? In fact, in a movie match point, I'm glad you mentioned that, because at the end of the movie, because these birds, you know, they're in all that, uh, Greek crap. They're in the Greek. So, at the end, what was his name in the movie? I remember what his name was. I'm not saying it's brother-in-law, didn't look to that Tom. Tom. And it was the Britian of a strange way of saying Tom. That was straightaway. It was him. Everything. But I mean, Tom. Like in the movie, it sounded Mr. Ripley. And he was what was his name, uh, Matt Damon Tom, um, Matt Damon. What was his name? Tom was something. Well, whatever hell his name was, Rupert. And, uh, I know, I know, it was the Queen that played the organs at church. But you can't, or whatever it was, you can't. The Queen that he ran off a kill at the end of the movie by the way, killed him. He was killed everybody. They're by the end of the movie. But anyway, he could have gone, Tom, Tom. But then again, he was, uh, by the way, that, uh, the guy in the church, most of the people in the church are, by the way, made, but it's a good place to hide. Tom. Anyway, he was a quote in Sophocles or some other crap. Remember, as they last seen the movie, he was telling her, and by the way, the camera angles on it is they kept giving closer and closer close up. So Jonathan Michael, uh, Reese or whatever his name is, Jonathan Reese, um, I don't know what his name is. And Hishna's, uh, I've seen planets in the solar system that weren't there big. Really? It was bigger than Uranus. It was just not. It was all curled up like, yeah, I think he's known for it. Well, that's a brief thing, you know, that's a brief thing. WQA M. Hello. Hey, yeah, you, yeah. What is it? I think you, yeah. QA M. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, listening about your quietly, it is hardly interesting, right? Yeah. Yeah. Turned it off. Okay. In fact, to take your radio and flush it down the toilet. WQA M. Hello. Yeah. We're just jumping the toilet and, uh, flush the chain. See what happens. See what I'm touching you got in there. QA M. Yeah. Hey, New York's gone. Good. Good. I'm probably a real night. I was listening to the hand to, uh, hand being called. I was talking about that, uh, creamer incident. And I want to know you're opinion on how the, uh, how the person hired a lawyer. How he wants to take the floor. Yeah. He hired Gloria all red and these two, uh, dark guys. They want to file a lawsuit for being, uh, offended. And now, yeah, me, uh, break. I saw her. She was out with that bow tied the Tucker Carlson a couple of nights ago. Gloria all red. Good. God, all right. And even Tucker was like getting all over her ass. Like, think I'm Joyce, man. Was unbelievable. New. Better hit the knee. Can you believe it? Yeah. I believe it. I saw her representing these two black guys who when you all didn't said that, that comedy club. And they're, they want to suit and they want monetary damages. What they want is they want to have a meeting with, uh, creamer, mm, without lunatic. And they want to sit down at a room and have him first up, apologize. And then secondly, determine they want to have an a retired judge sitting at a room like on the People's Court. You know, like everything is a TV show. Life is a TV show. And the judge is going to make a decision how much money he's paid in for insulting. You know, good. Golly Miss. Really. Kind of a communist bunch of crap is that it's not the way you want to play the freaking bridge tender. If we get paid every time somebody say, like, called me a spick or calls you a fag or something like that. Oh, I'm so offended. You know, that could be rich by now. I'm offended by all kinds of crap. But in fact, I'm not really offended at all. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's play the bridge standard. Jesus, K. Christ, what's that Brian Wilson bit, which one just noticed that? Huh? Which one? I don't know. We'll see. It's just above the virginity. I don't want to go delight it. After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation, each boy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition. Thanks for granting us this interview Brian. Brian, do you have any idea how he targeted you sound? Uh, uh, do you know what I mean? Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early beach boy recording session. Hey, man. You can like it. You. Okay. Right here. Man, okay. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait. This is good. Do like it. Oh, that's very nice Brian. Do you like it? It's a little hard to dance, too. Do you like it? Yeah, very, very nice Brian. The Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition. Do you like it? Oh, yeah. Uh, that's very nice. Master, copy of the album now on eBay. Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going it. Do you like it? No, a biggest name. So, this talent to the business meal rotors for Shreddie of 560. You A M. This is great equipped. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the meal rotors 12 to 1 hour. New version, we done. Like, baby. It's a football payer, too. A silent world of meat. You kind of got that, I want to do that's really nice too, eat. I want to hear a new go on a day, but there's no chance at all. So, does the lady a sports quinn? If I want to see a grab the balls? Yes. That's comfortable staying in WOW, You go presence in and mouth again you will not get there I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna ever get done No today's a perfect school, okay? That's not too great But I'm selfish and older than that, maybe At least until we're sweet I'm great now You're great I want some wind, you may sing Come back, wait like gravy With you may be well Look out that kids You may sing all day for a night gravy With you Look out that they get my brain and my cash All the way, I'm gonna take his cash She's gonna make millions in his body How's that sound? All right Here it is Don't throw And that's the guy that called an yesterday about Richard Dawson Which we already knew that, but was a good mention again That's right, right Oh, wait, this was the only thing Oh no That was the original match game thing, it's supposed to That's supposed to that Yeah Needless to say, we like the second one much, much better Passwords, it's an all in luck, I'm sure I could spot for off I don't know about you because you're not as addicted to sugar's I'm never had a box of coffee I've been eating like candy, you know? Sure Not that's the sugar I like, you're Steve, but I don't have a name Oh yeah, we read those awful, house mental, let's dessert Yeah, sugar free, the ones who have a sorbitile, so we'll see you know it half an hour Here's a fact for my alienism, a woman was introduced to body wife By a big macho construction worker, I used the old scrubbies on my dog who really had short hair So it's hard to work up a ladder on him I'll probably those aren't the old scrubbies you want to use on yourself I have to use them on the old dog, but never less What else? Well that's good, so a big macho construction worker introduced this lady to body wife How long we been talking about that body year two years? About a year that's a hundred years No seriously, a long time, I mean nobody uses soap anymore, it isn't done How can you explain this in soap anymore? And we recall Yes, very similar to the shaving thing I made funny you And said that it was gay, the whole body wash thing But upon the movie you're dealing with steak now, you actually admit that I'm saying it in those like it down Some things that might have been gay once upon a time aren't anymore Well let's face it, I mean when the world works to fashion who they look to? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm just talking about the world, I didn't say you could win and look to fashion Yeah, and man Oh, well, whatever you say, who designs all the jeans and the crap the guys wear Huh? Gay, you spot Levi's proud, long since dead Oh, come on, how about Levi's armor? He's also long since dead He's driving road era, but maybe he'd else than the fourth race 1241 votes, how much is there's not another person on the face you do if I remember St. Amy net the horse, but I sure do I got a memory for crap, I got a mind like a steel trap and it's full of crap And I can't get rid of it, I need a lobotomy Maybe if I got a lobotomy, I'd get out of this place, you know? A lobionist with it when those chicks keep coming in and it's a way to say, fine, we ward, you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, it makes up for a lot of evil and a lot of nasty attitude And the part of this company, boy, they sure got a really crappy attitude Nice job this week, nor by the way, and turn their ass around, excellent job It's about time 560, 560, pound 560, the horizon, see you in the right of the line We're game show intensive today, not I'll see what the neighbor got for wheel of torture That's the same one, that was the old, a tough story He used to have a ceramic formations, remember that? And they used to say, he was shopping, oh, that was a bad show They took a bad show and they turned into a good show and Murmgriffin still made all the money How do you like that? Talk about boring, falling into a bucket of shmit, that's Murmgriffin WQAM hello QAM hello They kneel Yes sir You're not gonna believe this, but I just found an onion and a burger king onion ring I am this board Oh good, I'm real happy for you WQAM hello QAM, Ola I said, I'm gonna... Okay, switch the right cleaner, that's the one who's looking at the fingerman And a beautiful thing, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6,y And, you know, it's just the sound of the voice that makes you really wonder It's just that tone, like, do I know anybody like this, I hope not And I hope never to, you know? That desperate tone, i say, oh gee, here I am! Like, up alive, is anyone? Nobody cares. Nobody cares in fact Send us to Telegram when you've croke, okay, from down under and we'll have a big party WQAM hello Uncle Neal Yes sir Can't bear us, I know that this is a while we go, but he wrote Palo State's park get out of here he wrote Palo State's five what are you talking about that's good palo State's park that wow he's a talented guy you got to hang with him there you go there's got to boom boom cannon man he was a multi-talented C.I.A.A. a one-rader game show guy he's killing me do you see the movie about his life what that was the name of that movie? oh did you see it though? oh you should see it it's really pretty good okay I'll get it but he will palo State park thanks for coming up my favorite songs by the way all time also since we're digging out all the chicken extra we just paid by the movie the last few days in my alley is far they changed the name to Alien Park the location is out down to up by nine back where the fuck's up the fuck's up you're just a cell phone laughing away I'm done using the human kingdom I'm water right where you grab like you're the rat back if you're plugged in up to what the microcene now back south to the cute little down under water and drown back around to a corrupt the infamy is park you've ever seen and that's right真的很 rate al I love it. Last half or a one. I like that for about a minute and a half. Confessions of a dangerous mind. Confessions of a dangerous mind. Confessions of a dangerous mind. That's the type of biography. It's a very good movie. You see it right? Yeah. It was good. Or you mean the CIA part? Yeah. Yeah. And it was like cutting edge and way over the line. They were all nervous and better shaved about it. And he was just a wild and crazy old guy. Also, the gun show movie was kind of interesting. That shows it anything for you. If you thought it was cute. The gun show movie? Yeah. They made a gun show movie with footage from the gun show at the time behind the scenes. The old guy, JP Morgan. He was in an all-in-the-table. And then the side she was going to be on. He must have flashes for booze. There's John Bolton throw confetti. Oh, now here's a show that has been on 100 years. I was in that was that you're put in different amounts of food. Another Canadian in the ass. And I want to go to the Hollywood Square. Stay missed, must be the originally old one. The international one. People are caught. Yep. I was kind of a corny show, but Paul Linn was on it and some other screeners. It was, it was, okay, Charlie Weaver. The original one. I like how I told you when they tried to bring it back. Oh, when they tried to bring all these games shows back like the 85th version of Family Feud. There's another one on now. Last time I was down there. I'm sitting there watching TV every minute of the time awake. And they have another version of Family Feud. And this host is even worse than the last one. Although not as bad as Louis B. Anderson. 1247 votes on a full-day. We got a shot at it to do something. You know what? Don't you feel it? Feel something. And 22 guys say, we'll make don't use body wash. Right. Oh, please. Cracker please, you're by their just doing that to hesitate me. You think I care? No. No, I don't. And guess what else is on this? Jack's very his wife's name. Oh, is he some kind of a host to watch? Some kind, I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. Oh, I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. I can't say it on here. Alright. That is some pretty heavy duty crap out there. And the theme I hear for the prices right on this, this, because it's older than Methuselah. This is the old prices that we've built calling. I'm going to call it. Please, please. I'll freeze it. Whatever. What are you doing? Wait. Maybe it's on a game show channel. Maybe. The original, I would build calling then is a Gimpy Lake. Which come to find out he had polio. He did not have a wooden lake. And I never knew that until we did read the thing on here. How's he doing? He's still dead. He's gone. And I wouldn't like build calling. There are some people who have been on television over the years. We just had a very likable personality. They were like low key and not offensive. He was one of them. Bill calling. Can you imagine anybody didn't like him? I like him. Yeah, just fine. They're on the heart of us. Yeah, and you are. I mean, like Dick Clark, we liked him back in the day before we realized he was a major A-hole, but that's beside the point. Before he was using them a dark folks for a slave labor or his shop in Detroit. Remember that lady that was working at the Fajiri? Yeah. What did they do? They do that. I just just zoom thinking about Fajiri. In fact, they nagging. They fall for you because you don't nag her falls. They have a place called the Fajiri or I don't know what it's called, but they make Fajiri right there in front of your post. Wow. I mean, I didn't have some once. And I spent the rest of the day in my room taking pills to get my blood sugar. We're not all that. I mean, a bad mistake. But it's just you look at it. It's just so rich and so good. If you're addicted to chocolate and sugar, man, you've got to have fudge. I'm telling you, I'm not, I'm not fudgein' it. The biggest name, so best challenge to this is we are Roger. Rest on force, video 560. You 80. Damn. Oh. Lord of Panthers, hockey age, Rob. That. Fuck. I'm not a son of a scum. I'm a scum. I'm a scum. I'm a scum. I'm a scum. I'm a scum. I'm a scum. I can't go for sets of Panthers and not pressures from the big Atlantic. That coverage starts at 7 p.m. with Panthers preview. Treated by GM like their sons. We're pretty old by museum. 2 a.m. Yeah, I got the check. I got the card. It's this perfect day. It's my own first in the day, right? Got go. Real service. Real saving. It's perfect. This is I with this new. That friend game show host Bob Barker says he is going to retire from the prices right. Bob, you've had a terrific career. I don't know if everybody knows, but your favorite part of the show is having sex with different members of the audience. Right. And what was your best pickup line? Let's try it in the car. Oh, pretty lame line, but hey, you're Bob Barker. So where else did you get Preaky Diki with the audience? The love seat, the sofa, and the G. You go Bob. Are you well and down? Look down here please. Oh. And it's a pleasure to show you this. Holy, Bill Baza. Be sure eyes on that. Oh, yeah. So anyway, I've tried it one of the templates that had a headline. Bob Barker is leaving the show because he's dying and I never picked up the magazine. I would be kind of interesting to find out. Although, what is he? 110? Something like that. When somebody is 110, even though we'd like them a lot, you know, he's dying. It's like, well, you know, one of those things happens to the best of us. 1218 at 5.60WQAM, Dale Davis of the Detroit Christians went from one court to another today. This time he's in front of a date County Judge Facing Trauma, a connedule, a 2 AM South Beach confrontation that ended when he was at the stun gun. Davis who played eight minutes in scored no points in Detroit's victory. Thursday night over the heat. Oh, the heat are losing like crazy, aren't they? And that's because they got fast. Was they suck? You're defending champion, Miami heat. Do they suck, Josh? Yeah, right now. Anyway, Davis is in the courtroom of the judge Ed Newman. I wonder if he's kind of Alfred E. You think? He's charged in connedule that obviously, or clash with the South Beach Miriam, on Ocean Drive. Police arrived at the hotel at the security guards called claiming that a belligerent Davis, who plays power forward for the distance, was threatening them. And you're supposed to play. Are you threatening me? I don't have that. I don't have that. Treat it. Where do I have that? Thunder bevis. Under what? Bevis dash threat. I let me say it again. I'd positive I don't have it. I don't have it. There's no bevis in here period. There's been in here since the show was popular. Well, it's not in my DCS. I would say that right now, Mr. Wright in here. Okay. Just telling you, all the way do have this. I got that. Oh, well, do we have some crap or what, huh? Anyway, police said Davis refused to offer his command to take his hands out of his pockets. Then challenged the opposite of a fight. Police shot him with a stun gun. Davis was charged with assault disorderly conduct from existing rest with our violence. The judge had no more than a course of the offensive line, which was way before your time, Josh. You don't remember Ed Newman. No. That's too bad. I've never seen a judge in our Delfand anyway. Anyway, anyway, they were my. So, and George couldn't care less either way. The offense and the Jaguars. Now that's been moved up to a water for four clock games or something. I don't know what time it is. It was supposed to be a one game, one clock game, but it's turned into a four clock game. What do you mean you don't know what it is? Well, look at that. We got U.M. and Georgia Tech hoops on Sunday. I bet you, uh, Clarence say it there today, is he? Yes, here. What he is there must be leaving tomorrow for, uh, maybe it's a home game. I mean, soonerally they got to play a home game. And they sure needed that or we did down there on New York and campus. Did they? How many people again coming here? I'm turning me. I'm going to pass get ball. Boy, they need that like a, as they say in Finland, they need that like a lock and cup. 1260 votes. There's that 1260. And you notice, see, I'm very big on almonds. I'm not super stishes, but I do believe in almonds. Does that make me super stishes? Uh, if you probably do. Kind of sort of. And the fact that every time I look over there, like almost every day, at a certain point, we get to an even 1260 votes on the pool. 1260 is WALM and Albion, Michigan, where I worked in 1960, uh, five. I want to say, want to say 65. It's not even on the air anymore, but I think I'll go back there. Was I going to big all the house out there, kind of like in a countryside, big house. That interesting. It's not as interesting as talking about the toilet in my house, like that one guy. Oh, yeah, I'm not interested. Not really captivating radio. I hear any talk about flushing it. Well, guess what? What's his name came in the town? And all you talk about was his girls' bomb movements. What's his name? Greg O. Greg O. That's right. Greg. The lady broadcasters for, uh, I guess they like to also hear about his girlfriend's ball movements. That was his topic. That was not just the topic of one day. That was the topic every day. That was all he talked about. He wasn't around for a long, wasn't he? Nope. For some reason. He was around, not even as long as time don't like this. Rick and West Palm Beach says, take a look at Bob Norman's call, the new times. He's been a title the Titus slots in town. He says, the payout on the new slots at Gelsinger, the lowest in the US, he goes on to say the statement. It's only 85% return. So what do you mean, only an 85? What do you think it's got to be, Rick? Like 110%. It says, in your recommendation, I picked up Matt's phone and enjoyed it. Well, thank God for that. Another one, uh, Alan Filme, might enjoy as everyone says, I love you. And George would probably like anything else to ask Christina Richie, we're inverting the filming, mostly neck and neck. Okay. Yesterday, you were talking about different types of meat, no pun intended, that you have ever had tribe. Oh, geez. Right in the middle of lunch, I'll Rick. Thanks for the great entertainment and joy to share. With it without the call, this PS don't retire too soon. I won't work. Don't worry about it. I'd like those text coming in because I need to be the godfather to the inter-universe, including even George and Josh a little bit. I'm kind of like the teeny weeny godfather for them. I don't pass too much. Well, you know, because I don't like you that much. I like you a lot, but not that much, you know. Hey, listen, you're all me. I'm just one of those, uh, saddle queens. This is the way it is. Just the way it is. That's made her fine. I'm the first one to tell that way. I'm a very generous guy. I like to share the wealth. I love to spread it around, you know. And what's wrong with that? No. Of course, some people might take that the wrong way. You know, get doll. I don't really care. Take it and stuff it. From 170 votes, real men don't abuse children or animals. Four, 44. I mean, it goes without saying, that's a, I mean, what kind of a person wouldn't agree with that? Huh? Right. Real men don't hit women 343. I know a lot of guys that would disagree with that. Especially if they got some nagging bitch that's making their lives a living a hell. Anyway, real men don't pat each other. Other men on the ass. 106. Don't shower with other men. 101. Those numbers have been very tight. Just like the guys who do that. Very tight. 101. Shea anything but their face and head 85. Real men don't play fantasy football. Fantasy football is fantasy fat. Real men don't go to fantasy fat. You want to put that under too? No. What do you know? That's right. So it goes to fantasy president. It's not just a gay thing, you know. What is it? It's a party thing. Just because we're giving a break. Let me say it again. You don't know again. I need to go to Key West to get drunk. Okay. Nobody there. Help. You have to go to Key West. You got a lot of women walking around that. Are body painted. Yeah. You think they're well. Otherwise. You think they're with a boobs hanging out. So they sure look good. I got news for a man. I spent a lot of time in Amsterdam. And there are a lot of guys who think that they're dealing with women. Oh, surprise. Holy cow. What's that? Anyway. Real men don't play fantasy football 72. Whatever. I hate this pool 39. A mere 3% of what we sure made them happy the last two days with the polls. And I sure wish it would stop raining. But at least it's in the plus column. Aren't you pleased for me about that? I'm not going to be slipping and sliding falling in the ice. That is a nice. I storm north of here up on yonder. It's already plus two man. Well, they says to very south for the remainder of the. So he said south. You're so Canadian. You're such a connuck. So these are good people here, man. They really are not all of them. Some of them are, you know, anywhere you go in the world. As much as you hold. But these are really fine people. Not like South Florida though. But good people polite friendly nice low key laid back. Not paranoid. Not insecure. Not hate. We got all these people from China and Philippines and India and Pakistan and all of the world. And nobody cares. Yeah. We just talked about the smelly pack. He stuff like that. What is that one bit that I play? Real men don't listen to Neil 28. Two-point one for a second. Yeah, likely story. Real men don't use body wash 22. Even a less likely story. Okay. In fact, that would be a good pull like what. Which guys are more mature? The ones who listen to Neil are ones who use body wash. Two of them say. We don't then don't pay for sex directly 18. That's first of all. I'm like going back to Amsterdam again. Real men don't take vaguad nine and real men don't cry. That's still stuck on three. Okay. Because all these guys are crying in their beard baby. They're crying their eyes out. All these slepherds that are working for some smuck. That's the way it is all you kids up there. When you work for other people, you're working for usually nine out of ten times a real smuck. You're not a nasty, hateful, I've unaplicated your heart is. At least we're appreciated in this place. Firstly you. Huh? 26 past no and it's fine. Oh, there's that knock on the door. My packet will be here. Better go get it. You know, this machine that I bought, this brother, a fax all in one. The MSC 4800. I know with the MS stands for it. But anyway, it's a recondition once. It was only 125 bucks. I don't mind the fact that the plastic shield on the front is like English, mirrored and got like, you know, I don't really care about that. But there were like two, two parts, two trays like, or one of them, just one tray missing. But being creative, which I am, I went to the old one. You know, the one that said the error, whatever number is stolen. So, and I just took that plastic tray and it's looking on there. But you can't realize it. Aren't I creative? So I got this for, I don't need any engineers Poxking around in this studio or the beast or Robert Greenford coming in here to deal with the buttons and stuff like that. Like what's his name said? Who said that about to diddling with the button on the internet? Larry King. You push button. Yeah, you push your button. It's like the one on your bag, Larry, you don't want anything. He's an out. Boy, talk about an old hunchback, funny daddy. There's another guy talking about making millions for kissing ass. Yeah, Larry King. Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompano during their winter event. And it's going on right now. The all new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 is just coming and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience for you. During the Mercedes-Benz Pompano winter event in Joy-Lease and Finance specials on C, E, M L and R class vehicles, plus the motor trend SUV of the year, the GL450. Mercedes-Benz Pompano has got over 200 slippers and foys dedicated to providing comparable service for you, working their brains off to provide you with the best in service, offering convenience service hours, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes for a valued customers. They even offered dealer miles to the service customers too. Brous the vendor expert with over 150 new Imperial vehicles or click on BenzPompano.com that's B-E-N-Z BenzPompano.com. Experience the difference during the winter event in Mercedes-Benz Pompano. You'll find it at 995 in Coppence Road. 1-800 new Benz that's how you get in touch by phone 1-800-N-E-W-B-E-N-Z new Benz. Former city's Benz and Pompano wishing you and your family a joyous holiday season. The biggest name, some best talent to the business, B-O-Rotchers, for video 560. Hey, hey! Ghosting presents rumble in the park, a Las Vegas style light heavyweight single elimination contenders tournament. Finally, it's well-bind for the $25,000 winners' purse and take possession of the IBAs like heavyweight championship belts. The tournament begins Thursday, December 14th, 1st belt is 730 pm, rumble in the park. The event that will define now float a boxing history. Live at Gulf Dream Park, racing and casino. The team's available on sale now at Zigamaster. For more boxing info, log on to Ghost Dream Park.com. 18 national championships, 14 high-spentroky winners, 200 million in local economic impact. A world-class half-time show, one of college football's most anticipated events, the 73rd FedEx Orange Bowl. Expect the ACC Conference Champion to take the field in the quest for glory is the Orange Bowl game kicks off at Dolphin Stadium on January 2, 2007. You can also catch the action-leaving up to the game at the Orange Bowl Beat robust rally on January 1st. And the Bud Grizzar Orange Bowl, tailgate part of the game! Yourendy simplement be aware of it and not supervisorр님, chance to be a fun of college football history. Get your tickets today. Log on to Archbowl.org or full 305-3414702. And remember, Champions. Thank you. You're free. Your favorite hometown team. You're team in Aquano arch. Till the next UAM and Burger King will be giving way 25 pairs of tickets to each home game at Dolphin Stadium. And a year away 25 pairs of tickets to each regular season home game and a pair of tickets to Super Bowl 41 from Burger King and 420-550-CY. 2AM. Super DJs to Super Junior Dream Worst. See if you can see it in the rules. We're just been bringing my drugs for a completely chaos. Have you been cutting back on your lifestyle? It's time to treat yourself to that new set of golf club or a fishing trip to the Keyes. Don't deprive yourself. Eastern financial Florida credit union will save you money on a faster way of financial products and services. As the biggest, not for profit credit union in South Florida, they exist to help you save on your mortgage, car loan or home equity line. And earn more on checking in savings product. Get back to the good life. With Eastern financial, learn more about membership at youconjoined.com. The 13th annual Metro PCS Arms Bowl basketball classic is back. This double-header will feature the 2006 NCAA National Champion Florida Gators battling the UAV Blazers. Guard as active can catch your home down to hurricanes and they take on the Nebraska corn huskers. From this year, chances to see the National Champion's gators and their only South Florida period to season at the Metro PCS Arms Bowl basketball classic on Saturday, December 30th of the Bank of Atlantic Center in sunrise. Games beginning at 330 p.m. Flyer tickets today. Both real. Oh, and that was the one. Okay. So, to a club for 10 filmmen where all the girls dissmelled. There's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe. Maybe one will come home with me. Oh, that is what I hope. Oh, I really like the one main joy. A stripper named Joy. Oh, I really like some Christmas joy. Day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, the minute we're born we start dying, we die a little more, every day. Younger old, richer poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it. So it looks long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one there. I'm dying out of here. Take a great your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you. So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle it to death. That you thank God for your family because someday there'll be dead, dead, dead, dead. Someday there'll be dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas and the sun left in their short life? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And so one Christmas morning let good tidings through your head. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll be dead, dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll all be dead. That's all, Lily. Someday we'll all be dead. From 34th to 34th. Yeah, I'm so glad that we got that fact even though it was very convoluted and hence to many stupid stuff in it about Bob Norman in the New Times. Michael came out yesterday that Titus Latsentown, this guy is a Jackass. Bob Norman. I don't know who that is. Isn't he the one that wrote all the stuff about Charlie Christ? I don't know. Or was it about, yeah, what? I'll do know that Charlie Christ is a new that before he wrote his articles. But nevertheless, the Titus Latsentown, aren't you happy to get to shovel money into the shiny new machines? I'm going to read this and I read it. I'm going to be the blood is going to be dripping down my chin. So this is what it was all about then. He says the special referendum, the constitutional amendment that breakfast newspaper coverage to the fight in telehassy. It was all about a bunch of stealing glass boxes with annoying sound effects and bad cartoon images whirling around of them. You can imagine looking them by some of their names, Hootloot, Frog Prince, and Chanted Unicorn, Seamunkeys. Ever seen monkeys? Just resetting those names brings back the nausea of standing in the room they relatively small Gulf Stream casino. The nausea. Oh, this guy is such a major a-hole. You know, I want to who dragged the innerbob. Some make take a skyhook and drag your ass off the street. You smuck you, Puts you. You, uh, you, uh, you're fairy. Flocked around the truity at boxes were hordes of folks who were mostly born before Hitler died. It was like a casting call for cocoon three. These people needed bed pans and object pots. I wonder if Bob has ever been inside the plant inside the racing part of Gulf Stream or the average eight to me ages death. He says I brought a hundred dollars with me to lose it to the Hyundai of each casino. Wow, what a big spender, huh? Believe me, I knew I was going to lose it so I con the new towns and disflying half the cash. So in other words, he brought fifty bucks of his own. What a really big spender, schmuck. But I have to admit that when I stepped up to the first machine, the aforementioned frog friends, I hope, uh, I held our hope of being one of the rare lucky ones. I started with a $1 bill. I pressed one of the blinking white lid buttons and well, I won. Yes, I won. It doesn't tell us how much he won, but he won. I'm way too near the next part. He says, but I'm getting ahead of the story here. You should know that I had never put a nickel in a slot machine before. I've been around them in Las Vegas, and it's a similar old hard rock hotel in Casino in Hollywood, though, and came to despise them. Dispise them. When it comes to gambling, give me poker, blackjack sports book, just about anything where there's some thought and assembly and so skill. I mean, you, I'll be all know the gambling has nothing to do with luck, right? Right. No, not slots. They seem to turn people into zombie like creature sitting there mindless, pushing buttons, pulling levers, and putting in mind till there's no more left. I'm feeling horrible and unspeakable about it. See, I can't speak about it. Like an addiction scene out of naked lunch. Says Bob. Although I voted against the slots last year, you hear that? Is that like a little tip off about where this much is coming from? Uh-huh. I'm too much into the concept of personal freedom to want them outlawed. After all, somebody is cutting enough to use Pavlov's laws to build a box with their frills that people are still young up to put their money into it, and then walk away empty handed more power to them, that's America people. With the new slots at Galsdream, people lose more money than ever. With Class 3 vagastial machines, you could lose $500 more in a single portion of the button, what fun? Right. Like you can't do up in bed $500 on a race in the racetrack, right? You couldn't do that or a thousand or five thousand or whatever you want. Bob. Shmuck. If you read the coverage in the Sun's Temple in the Miami, here old people, indeed, were winning two. When Galsdream debuted in the machines last week, both newspapers led their stories with lucky people in one hundred dollars. What those papers didn't report is that the Galsdream machines are without a doubt, the biggest rip off in the country in terms of Class 3 devices, and this written by a man who doesn't have any idea what he's talking about. That's right, the tightest slots in America's is Bob Norman. The official line is that the machines are paying back $90 on the dollar. I doubt that's even true since the state is mandating only an 85% return only. And by the way, I was told by the people at Woodbind that they returned the machines here return between like 80 and 88%. So wouldn't that average down to about 85% sound right to me? But even if it is, they beat machines in Connecticut, which had a previous worth payout of a lot of 92% in terms of sheer stingingness. These are stats that only knows where you got them from, maybe from the fan ask governor who knows. I asked Robert County Commissioner John Ross from about the machines since I knew he had a little experience. He isn't a major gambler, but he's one of few jackpots in recent years in Trip to Vegas in Bahamas. When I told him that the Galsdream payout was 90% he immediately bogged. He'll never see me in that cuisine, we said, not to say I won't go to dinner there, but I won't play. Ross from says that on the rare occasions he plays he hits video poker machines that require skill and pay get this 99.6% returns. In other words, the commissioner is smart. You won't find any machines or marksmarts to see. He doesn't understand the whole concept. It's not to pay back. It's when you sit down with the machine and is it the paying motor not? It's just blind luck, okay? Shmuck. He hasn't got an idea what he's writing about. And this is so typical of sound flora. Another example of what a bush league place it is. You won't find any machines or marksmarts for that matter in sound flora, he says. One reason is that the states takes half the profit from bours machines and the bad local taxes and fees in the actual tax rate is more like 62 to 65% since states send her Steve Geller again being proponent who all represents the gaming industry in Tallahassee. And in all together, we have the highest tax rate in the nation he says. Geller said the tax rate precludes vigorous life payouts. It means the new cuisine is won't be much in the way of splendor either. He says that states staffers advocated a 35% tax rate, but that can be public and less legislature ignored them. I believe this was set up to keep the slots from succeeding. He said, putting his figure at the outgoing fan asked Governor Jim Bush, who had him released a post-agambley. Just like you are Bob Norman, another telltale sign of sabotage he said is the fact that the legislature banned ATM machines on the property. Senior citizens are going to have to walk across the street and walk through traffic with large wives of cash bill. I said, I find that work went into my life. As we all should, those who should be able to lose those large wives of cash without having to cross the street at all. Oh, and how they lose. The sent will be part of that on the day. The slots were on least a gulf stream last week. They could see none at a $334,723. People will walk the way that day, a third of a million dollars poor. This is written like a retard would have written this. How about the people that are playing the lot? How much poor are they? Shmuck. Right. Governor conceits the payouts are pretty dismal right now, but says he's even lower if they are similar on hard rock, though that Christina is permitted to carry only lower risk of vingo style machines. He also said once another raised tracks open their other slot rooms, competition will drive the payout tire. Maybe we're right now, it's just sad. When I arrived at Gulf Stream last week, I started by putting a dollar bill in that frog print machine and then I did win or he found it tells us how much $2.25. That was gone in the next few minutes. The next few minutes, $2.25. From there I played quarter in dollar machines. Besides the brand's name, Debubb had played jewel of Arabia, jackpot party, and wheels of Dublin. I lost his little as a nickel on the spin and as much as $9. I want a couple of tiny poths, but the money seemed determined to spin away like water funneling down a toilet at Neil's house. A toilet. I had a couple of handkins to develop a pain. I intended to talk to some of the regular players who are community community communing with the machines. They're so seemingly being sucked from them like their money. They're souls. They're just sucking your soul out. Hmm. But I couldn't stomach it. I escaped that the depressing chamber soon has been licensed on my five-point dollar bills advantage. I know I'll never go back to that place again. Will you as Bob Norman? Will you? Oh my God. This is Florida folks. The biggest thing that I ended the last few days. I'll ask if this is wheel rotters for 20.560. Oh man. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. That's your reputation been injured by appearing in the borat. But Borat caused me to lose respect to my fraternity brothers. And that ain't easy to do. What you to see about the true nature of Borat's intention. He saved me money. As for the son of release form and pointed a camera at me when I said, what brings this stuff? How is I supposed to know I'd end up in his movie? You may be eligible for compensation by calling the law officers of Sasha Barron and Cohen. That name sounds familiar. At the law officers of Sasha Barron and Cohen, we'll offer you complimentary drinks as you design a release and sit you in part of a camera for your free consultation with our leader, attorney, L.E.G. Check it. I is here with more main playgifts. Question. Why is you so stupid? I don't know. For real. Respect on delay. Visit the law officers of Sasha Barron and Cohen today. We'll get you the money and respect you deserve. And won't that be nice. That's your will. But I couldn't stomach it. I escaped at the pressing chamber as soon as the last of my five-footed hour bills in Venice. I know I'll never go back to that place again. Will you ask Bob Norman in the new times the growered pumbiats new times? Will you? You're smart. I mean, this is this and of course he voted against it. Even though he's not against people doing whatever the hell they want with their own. Nobody drags anybody off the street in a way casino, whether it's to play slots, black jack, roulette, wheel of torture, whatever the hell they want to do, leave people alone. And the fact that it's making a lot of money for the casino and for the US state, and it could be making a lot more for the Fed as governor and they were probably in legislature. The fact that it is making a lot of money. So what about it? So what is the lot of what are your odds and that? Like the bones of one. All these taxes which are not optional. Nobody's losing any money that they don't want to lose. What if I always said it's a sucker bet? Don't take any money that you don't want to or can't afford to lose. But it isn't anything about like what this guy's talking about. It's not the percentage of the payout that counts. It's how when you sit down with the machine, is it paying hour or not? That's all. It's blind luck. Did you find a good machine, man? Edward's Albedo in tomorrow morning. It would be a good one. I'm going to run spide about it. I'm going to go out there again. And maybe I'll get lucky again. Maybe I'll win two, three grand. Not the dollar and 25 cents. See this guy first of all is obviously not a gambar. What kind of a guy is worried about winning $2.25? Huh? He lost as little as a nickel on a spin as much as $9. I want a couple of tiny pots. You know something about Norman, you should have a pot of hison. You idiot. The money seemed determined to spin away like water funneling down a toilet. They should take you and your publication and flush your ass both on the toilet. This is what you're dealing with. The evils of gambling. Those one are bandits. And the other line is so good. They're sold seemingly being sucked from them like they're money. They're sold. Oh my God, what the hell is this on my blackberry now? Probably a message from Garcia. What is that? Oh it's Tompane.com. Go away, Tompane.com. Get lost. God. Let me be with something important. I couldn't stomach it. I escaped that. I was in Chamber as soon as the last of my $5, $20 bills of that. What a big plunder too, huh? He took $100 in their 50 bucks which is a son-cental given for the new time. So what it all was? 50 bucks of hison money. See even even bother right now. Haven't we had calls this week from people who went in their one-guide one-toddone and 50 bucks or whatever. And I'm sure we got people out there who probably lost their ass too. And so, what about that's why it's called gambling. You smuck. That's why they call it gambling. It's entertainment. That's what you're paying for. If you want to see some tight machines, man, I'll show you where to some tight machines. You know, I went to the video arcade and I put a bunch of quarters in a machine and played the game and I didn't win any money at all. Wow. Sounds like you were it. Like your soul was being sucked into the asteroid machine. Wow. What kind of adult's going to the video arcade? Oh, they just make it a point. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. It's only pedophiles. You know, as the early days. Old-ground. I've not allowed the old-seen asteroids in 20 years. It's for punks. Like maybe maybe a miss a fully hangs out in the video arcade. I don't know. Wouldn't surprise the hot of me. And of course, you know, when the priest takes the car off, 560, 560, 560. But it looks like there's just another guy. Guy. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. George? Yeah. Alright. Where can I find this? And how come he doesn't sound like him? Oh, he was in. Get out of here. Well, you sure you're getting even more pernoid than George. I pernoid it. I was on WDQ news and that the woman who always used to scream about, she was a school teacher. I should have talked about was bilingualism. She was just obsessed and John Lebitt, my producer. We go, it's a school teacher. Just have a, you can see the veins in his fan forehead just bulging up. It's a school teacher. Just relax. Don't be uptight. We get paid regardless. Just calm down. 560, 770. When you think after reading that article that there would be some people out there who's blood will be boiling and have some comment to make about that. No, of course not. And you know what? Because they fit right into the ambiance. It's a dead place man for dead people or even the old people can't have a good time. Well, the people that care about the slots are already there playing. Okay. What that guy wrote. Yeah, you think anybody because Bob Norman says, I'm not going back there with you. As if the answer is yes, well, boy, you sure must be some kind of a subhuman slime ball. You know, some kind of a moron, a moron. WDQ, I am gambling central. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got to say something. I've put at least 400 hours in that slot and those slot machines over there and I got back at least 1500. So I did pretty good over there. I played the five-dollar slot machines. It seems good. The higher domination, the higher domination. There we go. The higher-gen domination slot machines you play, the better chance to odds you have. It's like Vegas also. No. No, not to better odds you've got. It's just that you're going to make more if you happen to be the right machine at the right time. You're going to lose five times as fast. Well, that's true. There's a magazine after it's the slot players magazine that comes out like one, three, three, four, much or so. And it gives you the odds and it tells you with machines are paying what machines are paying better. They cover the like the like the bigger strip. It covers New Orleans, it covers Atlantic City, it covers all the areas in the eye that that has to be. What do you mean it tells you what machines are paying out? I don't understand what's going on. It's not about the denominations of what's machine the percentages of which are paying out higher. It's called slot player magazine. It gives you all the information basically on the new upcoming slot machines that they have and also on top of it, of all the percentages of how much of which percentages are paying the higher. Yeah. But let me say it again. That's all interesting to know for personal knowledge. It is both of fact is that no matter what percentage they're paying, it's just timing. It's like a lot of other things. What happens after that? They do run on dance cycles and then once the while you know they do their take cycles and then they do that. And I'll just tell you this, okay. And they do lie a lot. They like to lie because if they took you to the truth, they would be all in jail for fraud. Anybody who tells you that progressive machines aren't on timers and don't pay a certain time is full of crap, okay? Because they are. Sometimes when you're playing machines and all of machines in that particular carousel are in a coma, they're on the what I call the coma mode. And you could take a sled chamber and you couldn't get those things to pay. And then there are other times when they're all like a whole bunch of pain like crazy. So go back to us all. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm glad you went. There's a guy that one there. How do you like that, Bob? I'm going to go out of one 14, 15, and I'm about to go out of the box. What have you been, how did you say about that magazine? I couldn't figure that out. I don't know. It's just a question of luck. That's all. Put down at the right machine at the right time, man. It's like you've played a machine and you was your ass I talked about that one time but would bun I thought the machine was dead as a door nail. And if I had to put another 20 and I walked away from it and tried another one on a Saturday morning and it's a stumbled bum half-drunk and God comes along. He puts in three coins. This is back when we still had the coins. He puts in three dollar coins and gets three thousand bucks on the line. The very next play. The first play, the first hit of a button, three grand. I'd be like that. And when I ask it, in which casino in the world is the payout 100,000. And that's the percentage of any game that they play. And then of course in Vegas, which you can only begin. You can't even imagine a amount of money that goes through the average person in one Vegas but they have carousel middle say 98.6% payback went. But that's just the average. That's the average over the life of the program in the machine, man. Okay? Again, I'm not just making this up. I know because the guy in charge of the slats here would line I talked to him once he'd go. Remember I was pissed off that day and I called him last year. Explain the whole thing to me. That's the payout over the life of the program in the machine. It could be a year and a half. It might be a payback 98 points. But when you're sitting down, maybe the machine is on fire. Maybe now it's in that cycle out of computer cycle where it's going to pay back like crazy. For days, there's a machine I've been playing at Woodbind, which is my favorite one. And the last two weeks every day it's been on fire. It's pain like crazy. It's a hot machine, man. And when they're on Wednesday and what's how they was? It Wednesday. The week it is no more because the guy got me all whipped up about slots. Bob Norman, you jackass, you quiz a new idiot. And I go there on Wednesday and I was busy at the end. No, by the time I get off the year. And I have one open machine, which is like in the middle of the bank. And I played 100 bucks in it. And I see the guy in the end. On my favorite machine, he leaves. I took the ticket out of that machine and ran, ran out of the other one. And it was how this fellow got. How do you like that? And another winning day. Nothing I'd lose my ass there because over the long run, you're going to lose your ass. And let me say it again about gamblers, including some people we have on this radio station, some very nice people, but then again, they're full of crap because gamblers just like anybody else with a compulsoray situation, they lie to themselves like crazy in a lot of you. Anybody that tells you they make money gambling, 99 and 0.9% of those people are full of the biggest plans. So best talent to the business, we are Roger. And it's on the comedy, you're my 60's, you a damn. What a new door. One man, trapped in a strange world, must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird coping he's in jail. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, you'll sue you for $100 million, but if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half, likewise with a four foot samurai sword. The colonel of B will be in the pot. He's even willing to die or die in an ex-year, the last Scientologist. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. Unless you count John to Walter, General, and if you want to go to Hollywood, he's the last Scientologist. Now, playing with your mind in a theater near you. Okay, thank you. On O2 at 5.60, sound like he was not healing a little bit like guilty there. 1330 votes on the full of the day, but that is really impressive if he asked me. This article is just, you know, I don't know what it is, but first we had the article in the Herald this morning that we started to share with her in the Sun Sentinel about the hooker. Right, this is the new deal. And you know what they're going to do, don't you? Probably for 2008, they'll give it on the ballot again to repeal the previous thing. Oh yeah, I see that. So that they're closing down. This is part of the whole media campaign, just like they kicked them off forever until finally and borrowed they got it through. Like when you're fan asked, Governor, what running on all these, no speaking, glaze radio stations. All you have to vote against this is evil, but it would be put to vote for the cheaper Comber and the devil and all the other crap, you know. And the day can't have been turned it down, which is very, very sad. See, I go at least twice a week, anyone or why go because I can because I enjoy it. It's entertainment, it's fun, it's a challenge. And sometimes I win and sometimes I lose my ass. And you know what, let me ask you this, do you think it's going to change my life? No, I'm never going to win enough that it's going to change my life. And I'm never going to lose enough that it's never going to change my life. Because that wouldn't allow me to happen. I'm not that stupid. Are there people there that I see all the time who probably it is ruining their life? Yes, of course. But that's true with any former compulsive gambling. There are people with a track who are losing their ass who it's probably going to destroy their life. And you know, that's the way it goes. But I'm not going to go running around from machine to machine. So are you sure you can afford to me, are plunging your guts, I'm like this. Well, mind you all business, Bob Norman, you idiot. And obviously this is this guy's 10 of the damn snare drum. He had never put a nickel in a slot machine before. He'd been around them in Vegas in Semero and came to despise them. He's kind of like Josh there who I wouldn't never put a diamond in a slot machine. I guess I would, I just haven't yet. They don't really, you know, get to me. I have. Yeah. And if you had the disable income, maybe you'd go back and play it. Maybe you'd go up to your own. Huh? For a life. Yeah. It's fun. It's not my bag. It's entertainment. You know, I'd rather play a card game, but that's just me. Not well, whatever you like, like when the falls you, they have all that table games, whatever you want. You've got to want to play a blackjack, you want to play crafts, you want to go take a cradly. It's America for you, Bob Norman, which he does say that one place in the article. Yeah, I saw that. I'm telling us how open-minded he is, but the meantime he admits he voted against it. You shows me somebody voted against it, and I'm so you show you a typical, looks wrong with South Florida kind of person. He want to make sure that everybody else is as boring and as miserable and as lifeless as they are. God. I mean, look at the difference. I mean, trying to compare South Florida with Vegas, it is like comparing Ojas with Amsterdam, you know? And it's just, it's comparing Davy with Rome. It just didn't make any sense to me. It's just stupid. But then again, this is a kind of perforcule, schmuck you're dealing with. Perokio, baby. That's South freaking Florida, baby. It's so perokio. It's embarrassing. It's degrading. It's humiliating, which is one of the many reasons why I never, I've all, brother. I wouldn't live there again if you paid me by the second. There was like a clock, like an atomic clock that was like dropping daughter coins every second. I went by. I still wouldn't want to be there. It's the armpit of the universe. And this is the mentality that permeates, not just South Florida but the whole state. Yahoo's red, next, Bible, Thumpers, backwater, goofballs. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me at all if the, to who, a coholobossi river probably runs downstream right into Florida. You know? That's what it's all about. All those green teeth, the Yahoo goofballs. 5605, 60, I shouldn't have got all whipped up about that. But I do it. This is me off because it's very sad. On the one hand, he says he doesn't want to deny other people having their good time and to do whatever they want, and if they want to lose their money, fine. But on the other hand, I'm not ever going to go back when you, he despises them. Like these are evil machines that you can just see it now. You know, you put in your coin, your bill, and the evil testicles of the tentacles of the machine are coming out. And just grabbing your wallet and your purse and your, whatever you got. Squeezing the lifeblood out here, like some kind of, a crazy horror movie. Oh my god, I just can't be around people like that. I can't deal with people like that. They make, they give me spilkeys. They make my kishki's turn inside out. WDQA and hello. A and yo's going on. Yes sir. Hey man, where did they call you? I caught a powder with cheese over in your, WDQA and hello. QA and. Yeah, I just look. Say, sir, I used to be as bot technician and use the program and the machine just wanted to end you to think of. Yes. And the Indians make their money off the top. The percentage that they're, they're, they're, they're. Yeah. And I just wonder if you guys know that. Oh, what does that mean? If they're 95% the Indians are making their 5% before it ever. They're, they're anything. Yeah. All right. Okay. Well, thanks for the very good insight info. That was pretty interesting. When was that a little hint to you? What did he say? He said they make this. That pay out is 95% they make 5% Isn't that the revealing view since the court evening because you don't pay anything. That was revolutionary. That was some really insight information. I thought that this got being a technician was going to tell something worthwhile. Some inside secret. Say, you know, something you're great. I did not have anything. I would like, and why should he be a different, like most people in Florida and nothing to say? You know, the fact, I don't want to like pat myself on the backrest. I started doing kissy kissy with myself. Funny people I'd like to do kissy kissy with. I'm not wanting to, but in any rate. 30 years of this and the fact that the matter is that it's not a different now than it was in the beginning. It's just that back then they were a little bit more maybe outgoing or different. Whatever. It wasn't a steal. But the fact is that it's just amazing to work and live in a place where people just don't have anything to say. They have nothing to say and I've been fighting the battle for 30 freaking years. So I do pat myself right on the ball spot on the ball spot to survive this long. It's a major miracle. I think Richard Oswide, I think I'm freaking legendary. At a boy, right here right. Kiss my ass again someday. By the way, I responded to his thing on my my space. You know, you're right about that. You know, see, I don't know what that is. Maybe I'm just an insecure human being. I don't realize it. But when I put messages on you and people don't respond to them like fairly soon. I feel like, oh, did I say something wrong? Did I say something wrong? Did I say something wrong? No, I know, but it takes me two weeks to respond to some of you. Well, I don't. Listen, I'm too important to my guy to wait two weeks to hear back from people. You know, I'm saying. But it's not a matter of that. It's just some people check their mail at a certain rate or certain times of the day or every other day or when they can. I'm just going through change of life. That's all I am. And this is a lot of one I think. They don't know that there's an important email sitting there. It's not just nothing that I write that's important. Okay, just, you know, when you're having a little verbal intercourse, it's just a nice to hear back. That's all. That's right. Now, the Rick, of course, I'm sure is just overwhelmed and getting, uh, regaled with tributes and honors and all of these years in the market. He's just, you know, everybody likes Rick and Tiki Shraugh, even if they hate the music that he was forced to play by about Hamilton who's a jackass. I'll say about that Rick. He's leaving anyway, so he doesn't care. WQAM, hello. Find my one, I said for me. WQAM, hello. Hey, uh, Joker's one. Do you get that one? Joker's file? Why? Do you remember that? What are you talking about? The King Show. All the theme you're talking about. I already played it. What? Your sister's slow. You're back on the theme songs? Sorry. Oh. F**k. F**k. That's not it. No, no. F**k. I'm not going. The theme song, finding me. You see what I mean? This is what I do. I don't know. I talked about that like an hour ago, now I'm writing and reading about this column. I just read about Bob Norman and about the slots and this and then yeah. And this guy's talking about the TV show. And sending out a quarter of title when she's our paying stuff about the records and wow. Can you believe these people? Yeah, yeah. I know you've gotten through the same thing. And wait till it was a George Friday start. F**k. Aren't you on today? I think today is Friday. Is it? No. Here's George. Alright. Come in. Come in. Hello. Excuse me. Let me say it again. Q.A.M. Hello. Hi. I need a how are you? Good. A couple of things for you. First of all, you said a little while back. I thought you said that not too many people listen to you on the internet. And I just want you to know I work on a cruise ship. And we've listened to you in the middle of the ocean. I'll be there. I'm wondering I ever say not too many people listen. We've got over a thousand people every day listening on the internet. Okay. I thought that was. I just wanted you to know that. I've been through ships. I have sailed with the late Great Rick Shaw. A couple of times on a ship. And the reason I know it's Rick Shaw is because everywhere you see him around the ship, whether it's out by the pool or formal night, he's wearing his cap. Right. That is correct. He sleeps with I think. I think you mentioned that article that the first thing he's going to do after he retire is going to take a cruise. So I know he loves cruising. Right. Well, no comment on that. Yeah. And last but not least, I am an overtime family this week. I have you in my book. So, right. Thank God for you, man. Absolutely. Good luck with it. And that you are the voice of South Florida. Thanks. I apologize for that. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. See you. I do like that. That's the second guy we heard from that's got diaries. Oh, we love those people so much. Oh, right. Kissy kissy. We do. Oh, there's an adjective. Johnson on there. It's World AIDS Day. And magic is on there. But it would be for the box today. Today. He's on there today. We got that the checkpoint near field beach in the 300 block of South federal highway and deer field nine o'clock tonight. So three in the morning. Do not be driving around. Listen, those people live in the deer field beach. First of all, do you think those old firsts are getting plastered? Yes. And do you think they're driving around it? Yes. Two, two, three. Well, like I said, cut the crap. The biggest thing. So best talent. Are they going to say? For you, Rogers. For Shreddio 5. Sikur. Hey. And. Roger. The first product. Just in time for the holidays. Is the talking cramer doll. Now you can own a piece of TV history with the once beloved character from sign filled. Cramer. Tone. Just pull the rip cord and listen as cramer speaks on a variety of subjects like racism. I definitely endorse the client. hobbies. All I really enjoy burning crosses. Religious. Jerry. I felt joy. The talking cramer doll. Just 39.95. All available from outburst products. For $0.5. Only for white. 117.5. 60.0. Q.A.M. Guess who died. I don't know. Give me a hit. A guy. Old guy. Frank Belfrey. Longest serving mayor of plantation died in 94. Hope. But you don't live in plantation. Never have so what do you know about it, Mr. Mr. Hotchron. I don't. Frank Belfrey, the former mayor of plantation, became an institution model of the city through the city's longest serving mayor died late yesterday. He was 94. All enough. He died in this plantation home. He had made his daughter die in Velfrey. Ben DeKabel. Covich. Ben DeKovich. Promise of a year ago, that's where he would die. He said, I want to pass away in the house. Your mother and I built. He got was very good to me. He let me keep what he said. That's sweet. Yeah. I think what's the pun of time. I mean, it's some cost to comment about. I was bitching about all the radar traps on the height. I just wrote. He had talked to me like poison. Born in Nashville, Tennessee. Oh, maybe that's why April 12, Mr. Belfrey was mayor of plantation from 75 until his retirement in March 99 and hated me around like poison. Plantations, one of the few cities in Florida that is a strong mayor for my government, and which you elected mayors, responsible for the day to the administration in City Hall rather than a city manager heard by the commission. Current mayor, Ray Carroll Armstrong, succeeded in the wealthy, and she probably also hates me like poison. Even though I've lived in a plantation for many, many, many years. Many years. Haven't I? Yes. Too many. I mean, at least I have a house there. Thank God. He was born to attack an immigrant who came to the US in 1907 as the young many developed an interest in airplanes, learned to fly and train pilots for the British Royal Air Force during WW2 at an airfield near Lake Ocachobian clue is thin. That's where he met his wife, who taught school in the area. Mr. Belfrey married his life for a late wife, Gen. Eve in March 43 in Pahoki. Oh, baby. They moved to 9.45 in plantation in 55. Like her husband, Jim Belfrey was considered by longtime residents. As an institution, she was co-founder of the City History Museum, the library and women's sub-mong other efforts. Mr. Belfrey's career was spent as executive vice president and fresher of the First Federal Savings and Lone Association of Broward at the time of major financial institution. The agency encouraged him to be active in the community, which was a right area for homelombed. It was right. In fact, he'd be dragged through plantation on certain days in the Mundo's boat and right. And his wife wanted him to get active too. She would eventually have organized the plantation at the Lone of Fleeks' Royal Softball team, built the city's first softball field and found a plantation in the local society herself. And these impressive credentials are what? Yeah, whatever. In 1960, Mr. Belfrey became the city's third fire chief. Even though he was known as mayor for 24 years, the tightly cherished no one he was the most product was fire chief, as daughter said. My dad wasn't under attend Gala Affairs. He was more comfortable in the garage with a mechanic's talking shop. My dad said he was less ten-fold. What does that wonderful? I mean, a terrible, as mayor of Elfrey died in plantation. Former mayor. No comment. Well, when people died, it's not, you know, only a certain people would you want to dance on their grave and I never even met the man or no, maybe he didn't hate me. Like, Poison all the way think he did. 1351, no, maybe I'm not confusing the mayor with the police chief. That's how I'm confused. But like I said, he was a hell of a guy Frank Belfrey will miss him badly. I think he hated me like Poison. 1351 floats on a pole. But then he's got a lot of, you know, company in that. There are so many. So many hate me and you want it in a life as they can handle the truth. They can't hear it now. They can't lay by the opens up their mouth and tells it like it is. That's weeks is mine. Just like Bob Norman, there are three new times. Seriously, I don't think I'm ever going to recover. It's so bad. On the one hand, I was thinking the guy for turning me on to that article. So I could read it on the ear. But on the other hand, I think he's ruined my weekend. I'm sure I'd get your nearest farmers applied to work for you before. How do you just miss, oh, I do work? I do work. I do work. I don't know if I hate your commercial, but I love your product. Yeah, Amen. 1555 oats on the poll. Real men don't abuse children and animals. 463. God forbid, even poor little kitty cats. Don't put it in microwave for more than five minutes on slow cook. Real men don't hit women. 3606 unless they turn out to be real bitchy nags. Real men don't pet other men on the ass. One-third team. Real men don't shower with other men. One-tenth. Like naked as a jabber, you know, all in the communal shower. That's awfully gay. Real men don't shave anything but they're facing head 94. Real men don't play fantasy football. Real men don't listen to the show you must be gay. Real men don't use body wash 25. Oh, police. 25. Real men don't pay for sex directly 19. Real men don't take five or 14. Real men don't cry. Oh, we got another one four. Four out of 13. So I'm a real men don't cry. 567. You know, it's a tremendous response after I read that article. We had the one guy who's probably the same guy called me. We're going to week that told me to told us he won't know whatever he wanted. Maybe it's a different guy. But that's it. There is no passion, baby. There's no emotion. There's no nothing. It's just death. You can smell. Talk about that business of. We had the window open in the wind in the right direction. You can smell it. You know what I'm talking about? No, what he talking about. The smell of death is what it is. You can smell it in the air. You can sense it. You can smell it. It's all around. It's like. Hey. Stench of cow manure. Yeah, just like that. That's what it smells like. Only worse. It's a smell of death. 567. 560. Last call for calls today. And I would get back to my pile. Okay. And then of course, maybe we will evolve back into almost all pile. It's good thing I learned my lesson earlier in the week. Because I thought that once we took the calls back and we got through a Monday where we had a zidine calls. You know, because they were like frustrated. They've been shut off for all that time. And I thought, well, I have to have like a whole big pile of stuff in here. Just as kind of a backup. Surprise. We got to Friday and that was like the end of that. WQAM. Hello. Who am? Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Listen. I'm going back a couple hours. But the answer to that will approach him was having for a bit. Yeah, that's it. Okay. Great. Ha ha ha ha. Heaven for a bit. I should take his call. That was the puzzle. The price puzzle. Oh, sure. I was not having for a bit. I mean, look, I really think I needed. Did you ever have that? Didn't you? No. But he saw it. And he remembered it, which means he's, you know, we're in probably got a better memory than I. He's not a dot ring all of a fart. He's not an emotional cripple like I am. You know, it's just one of those things. Is he get older? You become more and more, I don't know. I'm not nostalgic. Emotional. Easily wounded. You believe any of that? Sure. Got to. WQAM. Hello. QAM. It's a bit rude. WQAM. Hello. He told you. It's raining, man. Hallelujah. It's raining, man. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, I feel pretty good. My wife said Rosenberg's got about a one share, but I sure hope he has a good time. He goes back to New York. Yes, sir. I just wanted to talk about slotch. Yeah. Prop machines. I don't know how they can't up, but down here. You can go and play the slotch. You got some change. Smoker, bonk. Smoker face all the time. Well, there's no smoking. There's no smoking. There's no signals here. Sir, sir, so we don't have any change. Smoker. Oh, well, I'll never. Well, down here. You got to deal with it. Do you know how smoking in there? Well, last time I went. The last time you went, we're. I went to the hard rock. Oh, the engines you talking about. Yeah, the engines. Well, they're not regulated by the state. That's why I go to a place that's regulated by the square. It's not a suggestion, too. Okay. They're not smoking in there. No smoking a lot. Oh, I don't know what the law is. How would I know? But I know in the whole province of Ontario. They used to have smoking in falls view in agro falls because it was only like a certain part of the like Toronto. And now it's at the end of this past June. It went province wide all about Ontario. There's no smoking allowed any indoor joints including casinos. And right now, I'm not one of those middle-up to deny smoking people. I just don't like what I'm sitting there like this guy says. They got their faggot hanging from their fingers. And a smoke is like laughing directly in your face. It's almost like they're pointing at at you. You know, like a weapon. And you're sitting there like, like, swimming in gagging out. You know what I mean? Yeah, they're. Don't like to be around smokers who are like, you know, bullet in your face. And the smoke either. 26 past one in 5, 60 WQN, Bow is the company that pioneered noise reducing headphones. Now offers you a choice. New quiet comfort three acoustic noise canceling headphones were on your design. Or a quiet comfort two headphones were around your fit. Each offer the unmasked combination of noise reduction, audio performance and comfortable fit that you expect from Bow's. Using with your MP3 player, your DVD player laptop, even your home stereo. Or years now by calling this toll free number, 1-800-856-2073 they make a great gift and you'll be more with a free MP3 player, preloaded with music. A $50 value when you order by January 31. Use them to reduce engineers when you fly. Use them and work at home to enjoy music just about anywhere on the stern. Call us toll free number to try them for 30 days risk free. 1-800-856-2073 when you call that number be sure and ask about monthly payments too. Automate mobility magazines says quiet comfort and phones have been the gold standard for years. Don't forget the choices yours the QC 2 for an around your fit or the new smaller On your QC 3 headphones or the year today toll free 1-800-856-2073 and hear the difference that Bow's technology really makes 1-800-856-2073. The biggest name, so best talent to the business will be your Rogers Sports Radio 560. That's what Friday you best is. Welcome aboard the Fockebom Mountain at all times please keep your hands in sight of car and your head in sight of your truckers and your delight. Thank you! Three times again in flaming. I wasn't a Zhang Wei Bu supposes to take the key to the dealer that ours works properly because I'm gonna stay. I'm gonna stay baby, can I? I'm gonna stay, can I? Yes, I'm gonna win the back. It is only because they're so bad. Yeah, I'm gonna be acting like an open window. I'm not drinking, I'm gonna be with you. I'm gonna go, oh man. Yeah, I'm gonna be fucking fun of you. Right, right. So I'm gonna fight you, man. I'm gonna be skinny. Right, right. Right, right. I'm gonna fight you. Right, right. Yeah, yeah. But don't excuse me, I'm ready. You're gonna stay baby, can I? Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. One thirty two at five sixty. WCM, we got Curtis DeWinson for the Mad Dog at two of the hot from the Hooters Hard Rock. And then you got your, uh, Humper for our three hours four to seven. Be set up in a clock at a kid ten. Be set up for three hours because there's no panther game. Panthers have gone three consecutive games. And you know how many goals they've scored most of the games? Huh? Uh, zero. They've been shown out three games in a row. I just mentioned that in passing. Well, maybe they'll score, uh, tomorrow night. They're playing the treasures, but I doubt it. Without their knowledge, millions of Americans and foreigners crossing US borders in the past four years have been assigned scores, generated by US government computers, rating the risk that the travelers are terrorists or criminals. How do you like that? Nice. The travelers are allowed to see or directly challenge these risk assessments, which the government intends to keep on file for 40 freaking years. Is that all? The government calls the system critical. The national security following 9.11. Some privacy advocates call it one of the most intrusive and risky schemes, yet mounted in the name of anti-terrorism efforts. Virtually every person that we can leave in the west by air sea will end his score by the Hootline Security Department's automated targeting system or ATS. The scores are based on ATS' aimalization of their travel records other data, including items such as where they're from, how they paid for tickets, their motor vehicle records, passed one way travel, seeding preference of what kind of meal they ordered. Man, can you imagine if you ordered a kosher meal? Oh, if you ordered some phlophal. Yeah, and that's bad. The use of the program on travelers was quietly disclosed earlier this month on the department put an O-to-S detailing ATS in the federal register, a fine print compendium of federal rules. The few civil liberties lawyers who had heard of ATS and even some law enforcement officers said they had thought it was only used to screen cargo. The homeline security department called the program one of the most advanced targeting systems of the world and said the nation's ability to spot criminals and other security threats would be critically impaired without access to this data. But today with sobel, I love the economic frontier foundation a group devoted to civil liberties and cyberspace and it's probably the most invasive system the government has yet deployed in terms of the number of people affected. Government officials couldn't say whether ATS is apprehended any terrorist based in all the information available to them federal agents turned back about 45 foreign criminals a day at US borders according to Homeland Security's customs and order protection spokesman Bill Anthony. He couldn't say how many were spotted by ATS. The data mining project known as secure flight computerized screening system for domestic air travelers caused a fewer two years ago in Congress. Lawmakers' barred simpletation itself can be past 10 tests for accuracy and privacy protection. In comments to the government about ATS, so we'll say some individuals will be denied the right to travel and made the right to travel free of unwarded interference. Well there you go. It's just more franchises than we get. We have profile and all of us who fly. Please, you out because you can't afford to do it anyway. That's right. So what is it matter? That's right. And of course, I fly all over the place so they probably figure terrorist. The president, terrorist evil, definitely. 1372 votes. We're going to make 14 today by Gali, by Gum, by Gosh. And we might take a few more calls here between now and two. To rate the calls today on a scale of zero, I would say like minus infinity. Pretty weak. When you agree, pretty weak? Yeah, I'm agreeing. Pretty weak collective effort due today. I'm thinking maybe I'm trying to think one or two that we had that were like actually worth the speaking of somebody about. 567.0.560. Pound 560, Levi's in singular wireless line. What about those hurricane? Whatever that means. Now let's see, they got a bold then yet, Josh. Oh yeah, they're playing on the blue turf. They got a toilet bull in my house. Are you serious? Yeah. What does that mean? Doing their playing, you know, boys who stayed has the blue turf field. Or boys who stayed, that they're playing the vada. Oh my God. WDQAM Hello. You got a pack for me up? Speaking. No, what are our volunteer? Our close personal friend, Moha. David, David, David, David, David. Doidly. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. the car, load some things, special. Nobody to QA and hello. Well, I hit these things and man sometimes they do and sometimes they don't. QA and? Yeah, how are you? Okay, sir, how are you? Good, good. Listen, I came. I want to give you a post-deftant. Yeah. I don't know if you like it, but it's people you don't know if you like or not. I'll give you two. Christopher's Hitton and I know he's the naughty, but I'll be carrying it. Yeah, certain time, how about Jesse Jackson? Exactly. I kind of keep them on their knees and says all the things that you agree with and then he turns around and the same opportunity to be surprised that he always was. Yeah, and the opposite was time to count. I know you don't agree with more thought he says, but at least you know he's humorous. Yeah, he got us amusing. That's so as they said Hitton was a real life at a party too. Yeah, thanks a lot, pal. No, pal. And Francisco Franco. Five, six, seven, Franco American and Palm five, sixty-and-the-Barrison, singular wireless line. As we continue searching for the perfect call, haven't had it yet today, but we've had some that are like right on the verge of it, very close. WQAM, hello. Oh. Yes. Yes. Yes. OK. I guess they took away his phone. Hear that? Maybe they put him back in bed. And I know it was going to be good. I could just feel it. Give him back his city. But were you here? Somebody was playing the Coleman to background. Or maybe they were doing a political veins, maybe they were trying to like live up to the standard that you said. I don't think they could match it. WQAM, hello. QAM. Oh, look at that. It's his associate of the prayer. Look at that. Oh, no. I see the same screwed up screen on my way to the end. Oh, you see anything? Well, I had a little fart there on my equipment. I don't know what that's all about. QAM, hello. There's no fags in my rack. WQAM, hello. Well, this thing is really messed up now. QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I think I turned on radio. I just want to talk about trimming up down below. One of the benefits is it really makes your junk look bigger. It's really great. It's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think junk is the word in your case. And pound five, six didn't even rise in and sing it a rital slime. Sounds awfully to me. Okay. Just straight guys use that term. Chunk? Yeah. Not personally, but I've heard it said. Oh, sounds really great. To me. Sound like a real screamer. 1378 on the polls, what we do? We'll do 1400 today and everybody's going to be a raving about a bob gorm. It's going to be writing about it. New Times, Broward Palm Beach Magazine. He's going to say, what? What are the odds on that? It must be fixed. I mean, I read that. I, you know, and during the breaks a couple times, I pulled that baby out in the article too and looked at it just to see that I didn't misread, you know? How is it possible for anybody to be so pathetic? He's just overwhelmed by the, you know, was the term he used? I got to get it out again. I got to write here, so I wouldn't, I wouldn't truly let it. He's been to Vegas. I, I, I, I, I, I, I came to despise them. See, this is part of the heat in South Florida. It's part of the whole heat in mentality. It's one thing to hate people. It's one thing to hate cats or hate, you know, and then you can hate different things. But they hate slot machines. You know what I'm saying? What are you saying? I hated 21 till 2 at 5, 60 W. If you, I mean, you know, nothing's worse to this time of the year than having to shut up to them all. And fight a bunch of people like like they got ants in their pants. They're crazy. If you're shopping for a mattress, skip all the holiday, me, him and madness. Just by sitting there, I'm your fat ass and make one easy called a dialo mattress. It 1,800 mattress. And don't forget it's dialo mattress is 30th birthday. But third man. And a celebrate dialo mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons video rest pillow top. It's like they'd bring the whole store to you. Call 1,800 mattress to get factory direct prices in a word when you service with no nonsense. Call by Gain time and you mattress will be delivered by the post game show. With dialo mattress simply choose the date and time for delivery and they show up seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. you pick it to our window. That's when they show up even the very same day that you call. That's why dialo mattress. And one of the many reasons why they're ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction have been for years. And while I've used them all that time, why everybody at QM uses them to. So if you want to do a smart piece of shopping, just look them up on the way with mattress.com or make that one easy call. 1,800 mattress 1,800 mATT RES leave off the last as because it stands for Stu, Pendershaving. The biggest name. So best challenge to the basis. We own Rogers for Shredio 560. Squadar you best support. Alright rainbow flags and earrings of my right ear. Yo fairness. Am I queer? People stop and stay away and we are near. We're just living life the way we want to It comes on giant and that's all Where people say those nasty nasty things they do It comes on giant and that's all It's just something they can't approve If women's cream is dressed up all in drag It's so sad there's a one that make us all look bad Also bad, we're just living life the way we want to It comes on giant and that's all It's what they say those nasty things they do It's because on giant and that's all But it could be so hard inside you Oh yes, so so hard inside you In the... Oh, I think we're going to get that electric razor out And see what I can do to make my junk look bigger for the weekend Yeah, that's not the only thing you can do 13 every night, 13, 91 on the full Oh, so these people are just I'm trying You know, let me just say this to you Anybody who voluntarily chooses In other words, they're not trapped in softwater for a period of time Whether it's a month a year or whatever Any of you can ultimately choose this to be there Definitely needs a serious help A simple gigantic asteroid slammed in the earth 65 Many years ago doing the dinosaurs and many species scientists said yesterday In New study we budding theories that multiple impacts did the deed An examination of rock sediments grew from five sites at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean Strongly support the notion that one massive hunk rams would junk One massive hunk of space rock caused mass extinction A research team led by University of Missouri Columbia geology professor Ken McCloud It's a completely straightforward single impacts scenario McCloud is finding the period in the geological, because society merciless and interview It was a hand maker that nobody saw coming one shot that's all you need to explain it like one Okay, science has believed that an asteroid about six miles wide Herald at earth 65 and a half million years ago at the end of the Quartacious period Punching into what is now Mexico's UK-Tam Peninsula the carve out the Chick-soulub careful actually said that because it shows how to kick show cube crater What is your say? Chick-soulub That's like an ointment to do spread on your junk To put a mildly was a bad day to live on earth It says here the impact triggered a worldwide environmental catastrophe Many scientists believe expelling vast quantities of rock and dust in the sky Unleasing giant tsunamis sparking global wildfires and leading earth shrouded in darkness for years In other words there was massive tourists all around us and what's a bottom of my worry about stupid I slot my sheen's mind. Oh God. I don't think I'm ever going to get over read them at article It's just I'm never going to read your words. What's up you expect? No, that's the kind of mentality I expect but isn't new times hasn't it been city bank in Newtems both both of those publications Usually been a little more avant-garde a little more progressive a little less dodgy and a lot Huh, that's what they're building is that's what their build is Well guess what ancient history now Who any publication that would put a piece of puke in the inner print like that and these mental health man I mean who the hell are they pandering to with that garbage old people old people old people old people are once he's bitching about because they're all over their A ghosting or not those old people and God forbid they should have a good time and maybe spread the wealth around a little bit Cheap bastards. I mean 13 every 97 votes on the poll man. We got 14 I would look today But that's pretty good and we got this whole pile a really good polls for next week I feel like something really great is on the verge of happening like maybe winning the allowed tonight The pick seven the super seven for 22 million in which case I'll be I'll be on the road real fast tomorrow morning It says the dinosaurs which in rule for 160 many years where we've got see here these numbers again We know the earth is only 6,000 or so years old. That's what the Lord tells us that's what the good book says The dinosaurs were wiped out so were large marine reptiles like the moss moss assores and the plea How you say this please he's sort of please are you sore? Yes, everybody's gonna put a junk the flying reptiles known as I can't pronounce their don't tear-dactyls Terrasores see a folia the tendertile Amonites that populated the season many species in marine plankton The tentacle Amonites that thought they were as that like the men and nights The like the birds suffered losses, but they survived and that's because they can fly Right fly fly fly see sometimes it's good to be able to fly the mammals made it through as well Longing these warm blood for little creatures to eventually dominate the land Ultimately sitting the stage for the rise of human beings which all sounds like the stage for evolution to meet evolution my ass Well, this is so anti-religion. Thank god. That's why I read it because the religious people are the crazy people The dangerous people not just the crazed Muslims mind you not just the crazy ragheads Right the lot Speak it left South Africa will be the first African country where gay people can weapon law goes into effect today In fact, it's already the effect right now because time wise they're way ahead of us many other ways there way behind everybody The law was approved by impeached weeks ago to spite objections from religious groups and traditional leaders The constitutional court of South Africa rule last year that the existing laws discriminated against homosexuals The civil union that gives gay people the same rights as heterosexual couples the ruling was based on the Constitution Which was the first in the world specifically to a lot of discrimination in the grounds of sexual orientation I bet you didn't know that no, yeah, you did because everybody read this story on this Sometimes back or maybe last week when you were on vacation Because I know if you would have been there you would on the edge of your seat is that last break really only two minutes Josh no more than two well says two here unless the bottom of the pages by it and it's not how long is right? Yeah two minutes She there's like a 60 and two 30s. What is that? I don't want to like I said two minutes 13 99 and that means the next vote's gonna be 1400 and then they will fear us baby when we get to 14 We got a two minute break at the end of the show or kind of a bunch of communist crap is that and it'll give me extra time to play the birdstander again for my girlfriend Or here's a little warning is the public service not that I cure of course pregnant women and those who plan to become pregnant should avoid taking the anti-depressant Paxel if possible because of the risk of birth defects a group of obstetrician Saviester The opinion issued by the obstetric practice committee of the American College of obstetricians and got a college This comes nearly a year after the FDA and manufacture glycos myth-clin Reclassified a drug-to-reflux studies in pregnant women that showed the drug poses a risk to the fetus To the fetus baby and a bunch of the fetus others out there pretty peoed about that Two studies of pregnant women who were taking past so during their first trimester have shown that their babies have heart defects It's a way that is as much as twice the norm just like Lizzie's baby on guiding light. It's got a murmur It's got a murmur baby or is it a baby with a murmur? Some kind of junk In my I mean, I'm sure I've heard that you know, but just I don't know. Maybe I just traveled in a wrong circles, you know Huh, sure I'll not jerk have heard that junk 1402 Wow 1402 for the old Jew. That's pretty I'm impressed. Thanks a lot to impress me Anyway, don't take a pass of your pregnant animal They know too taken And if I was doing good, yeah, shoot myself 1402 on up for old today We are so impressed and grateful for that. I want to kiss the ground and the microphone as if it makes any difference at all Real men don't abuse children or animals for 174 real men don't hit women 375 Real men don't pat each other on the ass 115. Oh talk about a factor of factory Real men don't shower with other men 113 c. Those two are like almost tied side by side neck and neck No, it's yours. You think there was like some kind of a French connection with those two, yeah Real men don't shave anything but their face and head 98 they sure is how long shave their armpits although I will say this now. Would you say that well? I mean most most Olympic swimmers yeah are Gay right well, yeah What do you think that's just a coincidence or why the divers definitely the swimmers maybe maybe not? I don't know I haven't taken a poll maybe you should I don't understand what did I just got an email and it's another one He's a fake I got your email, but you know, yeah, right like this story So it was a some band yeah some bitch. It's not my Likeberry so I want to think about that you can delete it right away Anyway, real men don't Shave anything but their face and head 98 real men don't play fantasy football 80 I hate this poll only 43 it's still 3% you know, it's been 3% the whole time. What does that mean? Think that's no matter know we should play machine number 3 month, but I doubt it Real men don't use body wash or come many people voted for that Oh my god, oh there's the end of video smashed on the view Oh, who cares he is plastered That's so they ever had a shirt. Yeah, he's doing his a bushing rumsalimitation That's going to any you go, magic Real men don't use body wash 31 real men don't listen to the Neo 29 that's not 2% Real men don't pay for sex directly 21. They're doing around about way and then they feel like better about it Oh, I don't would never pay you. I would likely story Pay in thousands millions real men don't take five with 16 and real men don't cry Solement a quadroll Don't carry made some stats late one night when he insisted that the president wasn't doing things right Then which is numbers they also rise and suddenly would be down to real I He was doing the George Bush back His record they tried to try Support us left in a flat They did the George Bush Vash from a tiny little office in the White House wing east keep on the terrorism and littleist peace On carry grabbing more votes within four of grabbing carried by the truth They did the George Bush back His record they really tried Support us left in a flat They did the George Bush Carrie's numbers were spoken and quite profound George had to do something and not mucking around Those important supporters. He needed to revive with more and to carry and help him stay alive They did the George Bush five Is record they really try Support us left in a flat They did the George Bush back Now everything's cool just his carry at land It's welcome popularity begins to expand But there's really no trick you just tell the truth and if you're crushing the president with political reviews They're doing the George Bush back His response It's a patchy man in a flat They're doing the George Bush I'm dying over here Bye bye