Yes, I have my server enabled my system stabilized too. I am online to per day my thoughts and go loving with you. I am not sure first and foremost to upgrade my DSL. So that I can speedily download as I stand for court as well. A bloggery blog, a blog, a HTTP, hey, look at me. Here's an interesting blog I'm composer. Xbox 360 PS3 will soon be in my mind. Now I've been standing here waiting online since Windows 90. But did I own one smelling teacher, a vintage one of up-one-and? And I have articles of all my shots because I am in a little late at night. I'll be an item of slavering blogger who is better leading to the tan. I can type with my facts to be serious with only one hand. Okay, 10-1 at 5.60, WQM happy Thursday, 2 November 30th. And what is it? But third name. Wow, it is the last day November already. You must December 1, or you've said it about that of course not. Nothing excites you anymore because you're old and you basically gave up. That's right. Long time ago. Sure. That's about nine years ago. Or so. And anyway Miguel is evil in the anti-Christ and I'm going to curse him out for four hours today. You know that whole mind-spacing thing. Why did you do that Miguel? Anyway. Why? I'm too old. You know, the star I admire life is just fine waiting. You can see it involved there. I don't want to be involved. I don't read the messages on there. I don't get involved with it. I don't want to know from it. And by the way, Jeff, hi. Go sell some spots for the people you're working for. Leave us alone already. You clown you. Come. So yesterday we had the story about the kittens that got like whatever they had fried and twisted and yanked. And then we had the story about the little baby in the microwave. Well, shambu the killer whale. Did you see this? Yeah. It was just watching the report this morning. And you're the trainer during a show at Sea World at the Bay of York. Go into Park and San Diego by grabbing his foot and pulling him underwater twice. Go against about time. The animals struck back like it all. Leave like the crack guy. That's right. That's right. Leave these poor freaking animals alone. If we're not going to eat them, leave them alone. That's right. If they're not going to be really tasty and delicious and give it away. The three-nanual man was hospitalized in good condition after Wednesday's show said Mike Scar Puzi, a park official. Scar Puzi, who oversees of logical operators, and they didn't know the extended trainers injuries and we don't really care. The park to climb to release the trainers name saying some members of his family have to be notified. He's a whale of a guy though. Scar Puzi said the trainer has been working on animals for 60 years, including 12th-finite shambu stadium. Oh, oh, oh, shambu stadium. What are you kidding me or what? See, Mike can't really leave those animals alone and they're native habitat in the ocean where they belong and quit like, oh yeah, put them in the circus. You know, right. We got 20 of people to work for us that we had to put in the circus, but who would believe them? Here's the pull result from yesterday when 1653 votes. And by the way, since the calls came back, man, we are just kicking big, pimpley smelly ass you wouldn't believe it. You believe it? Nope. That's all right. Guys who shave or remove their chest hair generally are 6053 votes. And the by far gay wins hands down your pants, gay, 520. Straight guys don't shave their uh thing, their chest. Right. Our sister, 2202, the kind of guys that like to stand in the mirror all day and admire their uh, you know, smooth, shave and hot body. It will though they probably look like uh, crap. Easily manipulated by maybe imagery 192, perfectly normal, 167. That's what you guys both voted for, right? Right. Perfect, and normal. Right. In need of attention, under 13, that was while I voted. They needed attention. I'm talking about like, uh, lobotomy. In secure 99, clean 94. They got a clean machine line. Oh, and thank God I finally went down to my uh, hot machine yesterday at Woodbind. Thank God for that bailed my ass out and one a couple of bucks. Not enough to change my life. I hate this pool 91. The rain is 59. Show off 55. They're sexy 27. I wonder how many gay guys voted for that. And young 14, only young guys. Of course, why what does young mean in South Florida means under 100. They're young. And full among. Now the full for today which uh, and I was just one that the word is one come from. Oh, this is uh, because of a short. Thanks Rick and all the Sun sent will discovered rich draws retiring. Here it is Thursday. This happened two days ago. The hell was all over. Like stink on joys and the Sun sent will just discovered it for you. People are so slow. As Tom Jickle would say, you're so out of touch. 846 votes already under these poll. There's a speaking of Turkey. There's the Pope. He's in Turkey. Wouldn't surprise me at all if they uh, finish his ansa. But nevertheless Rick Shaw is retiring. When should Neil retire retire. That's the question. 846 votes. Whenever he feels like it for oh nine. Well, thank you so much. That's what I voted me. And I want that's what I'm going to do when I feel like it. And what Rick Shaw told me that Ralph Leonard told him, you'll know when it's time. You know, oh, my package is showing up between 1032. They're going to make another delivery attempt, which I didn't hear him knock on the door in the first place. They must have come about six this morning or something. How could I not have heard it? I don't know. I mean, it's me. I don't know. Maybe they came out as a shower. Well, how early delivery uh, joined start deliver? Not before nine. I don't know. Well, whatever. Who cares? Yeah. Yeah, it's possible. You know? It's possible. It's very safe Miguel keeps messing with my life. Now, right now, retire. Well, 48 5.6 percent. How do you like that? I'm 50. It's 5.6 percent. Now at one point it was like up to 7 percent. What time did you put this pool on their last night? Like 630. Oh, 630. A little bit late. That's when I thought, I just forgot about the dinner. Should we turn out 48 in a few years? And guess how many voted for in a few years. two years. I heard the man. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Sure, that's a fair deal. I'll go in my living room. I'll talk a little TV talk about shaving Some old what we'll talk all all day about shaving. Oh, I don't want to hear about it And we'll play some hockey stuff Well, that's good. This is from a hundred more good audio on this one. This is a washed out kinoscope Never kinoscope, of course, you know, it's before you were both on a documentary Did you it's kind of like those Edison Soldiers right in fact they started on that biography He has the idea that that was pretty interesting for it all for like me. He started with a tin foil That's correct. On a hand crank. I had a little laugh I was really neat hit the tin foil then he went to well wax. Why she had too much why she built of though and the needle was a stick is Pencil I'm not talking about the tip of a pencil. I'm talking about the width of a pencil There are needles and of course you see the same That was a There's a Edison cylinder. Oh right let's play this all day to them and we'll do Here's our new format not our brick shots for time. Let's hear it all summer. We're 40 all day And you might even pay many by all jocen if we don't get this though, just go whatever I want to come right up. I'll do a segue. You got man. Okay segue the man. He might know jocen You try to remember if that was on capital records was on those old 78s Here we go put on a black face sale My sister's a deep crowd the other one knows what'll call you next When you can talk about valuation Each you're hard out rookie sticky And you say in vain. I'll pray I saw we were listening to this morning That's a Faber saw you know you know Once you might Little bit that I can retire Retire I understand he was our sensation And you're asking why that's the obvious question. How come malprosy? I don't know I can only imagine everything else sounded worse. That's right wow Whenever he was a beauty so all right that's enough of that I'll wait how are you? I can't have the scratches in the record you're playing it off a thing Give me a headache man. Well try and on make for the head on That'll do it. Wow. What a segue. We're cooking now. I better leave for woodwind right now I'll leave a message for the adlibrary guy. Tell them what to do with my package Look at those phones are smoking maybe right off the gig go. It's Thursday already It's the fourth day of bringing the calls back on the show It's been a major major success a humongous gig fat booby hit as a what's his name would say what was his name in that movie? Frank Hackett. Okay, well, I was Robert Dubal Frank Hackett network that was way after Josh fall asleep and I'm moving so embarrassed and him Maybe it didn't degrade it for you, but it's just not it's not your regeneration You know it's not your thing it's like you said they all the anybody under 100 One listening to me reading stupid bedtime stories for four hours and you're right no I like movies that you know intertax I don't care when they were made. Yeah, do like movies with naked chicks Well, fade out of my was naked there for a book or sweet and seren who would want to anyways You know a bag but she was naked she was on top of Bill Holden there. She was holding it 878 votes on the pool. Well, once we get to a thousand. I'm gonna go lay down on the floor and wait for that knock on the door Then I'll have my other my back up facts my sheen mind Let's see should return now is down to 5.5% if we can get that down the vicinity of 5% I might stick around with a couple of days you never know all the own so-ty pressed. Oh, God I'm so-ty Andy pressed. Don't ever let me just here's a suggestion to I really mean this Don't get involved in like those classmates things and well You've already been involved in so-vi This kind of nostalgia living in a past and it's kind of fun. It's neat getting in touch with people that you went to school Whether having seen them a long time although if you haven't seen them in many many years like me You don't really want to see him anymore. Oh my goodness. Oh, I thought about the pictures I got in my classmates from high school Yes, well, but in the last time you saw somebody they were 18 years old and they looked really really good and now they're like your age You're meaning me 60 or whatever. Oh God. You look at it. Oh, she's you look old I wonder why Well, nobody wants to do that. Nobody wants to see that and addition to which when you send people messages and they won't respond See with me. I'm like I take it personal even though I put on this good vineyard as good front on a year people Take it first. I don't get insulted by the show or anything it happens on a show I don't care about that. It's crap But personal, you know in other words, this is business and that's personal. I get just people are slimy like I check my my space email like once every two weeks or so Okay, whatever you say Startering guilt says my girlfriend's name is Linda not stuttering John like you name her on Tuesday By the way, can I wish you a happy birthday, which is Friday? Says don't ever retire. Neil God will resurrect. Oh, yeah Startering goes going to be a little bit chronic if yes me Studying John, girl whatever he holds name is or maybe his name is what's their father got in the morning That they sent out to do the a stuttering John like interviews. These people many oh, man You reminds me of you reminds me of him reminds me of his wife's waltly from the Iranian ranch I learned me a gobert and I say that was great But don't be sandbag of their show now. We wish them all the success as first of all those sports segments Roger tonight uninside the line to true hunting celebrity music biography profile story He grew up in poverty and inspired the people to make it with the songs of peace and protest If he knew that he would one day be the voice of disenfranchised Superman white rat boys he would probably soil himself He was Bob Marley Bob Marley is the man Requite man is a young white man whenever one of my college professors who I call the great oppressors Making right some turn paper or something. I just know how Bob Marley felt being in a crime written slum all the time I don't know how Bob Marley does it Bob Caucasian is another young white man I mean how does this guy from the Jamaican ghetto know how angry it makes me when my parents will let me have the escalate or How I'm filled with resentment when I go over on myself a minute Shit you Bob Yeah, and of course there's that gunshot yeah Hand me that spreef man when I smoked the guncha it is like I am back in the slums of Kingston man Even though in my daily life I crossed a street to avoid black people man Yeah, see you down at the mall my brother Bob Marley He became the voice of those who didn't have a voice now. He's the voice of those who didn't just wish would shut up It's a big juicy shopping network at your business tonight Maybe a Bob Marley can go to a good time with me next visiting company find a good machine man. What do you think? Good all the help Ten nineteen our sluff is body along we'll see what what we turn up nine hundred and six votes on the pool already I'd say one thing if these is a cause coming back or any indication We have living in reading people back on the show. You think that now five six seven Look at the way that phone is man is it workin or what let me check here We had to work in line one though. It's still not working. You see that I did see that I just mentioned then passing George by the way Fixed the pot on a board so we can actually turn on the office microphone at least to a point Right that ours little that funny dildan riddled and patch keyed and not work took it all apart Because of it's a positive and our management is totally non-responsive and they could care less evidently Because they understand how anything in their works anyhow So it's just like a kind of pot luck. I don't see this phone smoking But once this delay builds up and after about 25 minutes You're gonna see a tremendous explosion on that phone. You'll see it well that tremendous and I'm not answering line nine That's so that's Josh's line. That's all yours You know what I'm saying no I'm on to that one. That's what I'm trying to say I was given it to you. You're very unfunny. Yeah, have your own personal line I told me a number took me a while Like I can make out with my own my space page which should up until the end of the day I never never never looked at anything on there I never read any of the crap. Oh, I did read some of the stuff yesterday from some schmuck on He was says oh, see your taken calls again. You were slave to public opinion Right taking calls again because the show sucked is what they happened is where I didn't Wasn't happy with it. That's why I saved the public opinion my ass All these it like like I told you before you have to be a messicous these people in the chat rooms and with their comment lines and all this crap Who the hell wants it you know it's like taking calls on a talk show WQA and hello good. Good. WQA and hello QAM Hello I'm WQA Yes, sir. Hey, you're asking our early delivery service. What is for you? Yeah, I got a delivery is 631 more than there I was it come here in a wee hours of the morning when I was on the sleeper maybe when I was in the shower Mine yeah, maybe when you were taking a squat the bathroom that's in a minute too I'll over to heard that and that would have been really a perplexing you know, I would have finished squatting Well yesterday you mentioned on there about Twilight Zone with some racing forms from the day before or something like that It was a racing form with the gargotha new next day's newspaper had the race results from the day before yeah But I saw that one that's like my jackawling when he was like 10 years old I mean before he could speak Yeah, these were still fun to get so it was still a chain smoking to his a matter of fact Okay, thank you. I think he's right. Was Jack Klugman It was either Twilight Zone or Outer Limits one of those you know good show Which of course we have very many any mole, but that's what they all five say like me who were living in the past I want to go back to like drag netten a little can't be crap You know Pat the tech that is running around while they're running around you know chasing the chasing those young Huddlers, you know who are running like a bat on a hill and here's this fat The tech that you know a wild one around and is a Lincoln kind animal battle Which used to smash up all the time but he must have good insurance I'm even 24 votes on a four rich laws announced his retirement the Sun Sentinel justice girl That's a day too much to my to smear they really suck. I should need a retired 924 votes whenever he feels like it 448 I thank you so much for your generosity because that's of course what I'll do never 376 now 51 5.5 percent right now Oh, I love that in a few years 32 a few soon nine and I hate this pull only eight zero point eight percent There's the Pope with his white schmothes dressing is a red shoes on all right you go Papa WK and hello I wish we had that where the hell did I come from I don't know never heard that before Yeah, I did I love that WQ 2 a.m. Hello not there WQ a mola Hello, Neil yes, sir Good afternoon good evening Oh, actually yeah for me. I'm working for block lock for radio afternoon. I'm gonna say good evening Who is your debut? I said what you got I got I mean the electric one of your sometimes pretty funny I know that you're a drama couple do you still have a Polish and the Russian So I mean the jet the definitions what you use sometimes, you know make me feel a Did you ever heard from someone what it means the part round or the hacking like a Chinese and it's originally a Russian and the Polish term Oh, man I think that was for at junior June wildlife. Hey, let's take a look at that schedule for today It's a Thursday, maybe in a course you know what Thursday means I'm Qm a lot of sports. Oh, yeah, we got Curtis from Adagot to no mad dog to the order Ma I'm just wanting to that right now Curtis is fine, but the mad dog. I did want to overdo it Then the power hour with Hank Solo from 4 to 5, Humper 5 to 7 and then we got the Panther craft man Panther preview with seven o'clock Panthers at the Ottawa Senators is that to play the Washington Senators in Ottawa 730 followed by the education who the night starts at 10 as a post the last night when the schedule said 10 30 We got Evan Korn on Saturday on the weekend schedule Aren't you excited about that then we got a show called Jack straps with Tom Alexander what's out about Jack straps. That's an English or a show on this station Josh. Yes, it is. It's actually been on for a little while and what is it? If I'm not mistaken he pays for the time. Oh Another one of those deals. Are there any punches pulled on that show? I haven't the I can't say that I've listened I'm sure there's something pulled maybe some strings get pulled to put him on the ear if he's paying for what put it on here Yeah, that's the way it works at Qm. We just want the money baby crank that building up We're under a lot of pressure get that building up make the bees these a lot of money sunny 33 votes on the pool and don't bother with me with a mice face anymore Although we do have man a 798 friends on my space. Yeah, yeah, you know what I just said just wish you would have And he did that off on his own too, by the way. Yeah, I don't I just can't deal with it What is it fast what you don't have to I'm not going to do I just I'm gonna ignore it I don't want to be involved you don't say I don't want to be involved and just to one of those things 26 after 10 at 5 60 WCM I've been taking nature be for like about three weeks now And you can almost tell in my voice that it's really kicking in can you hear it? I hear it feel it I can smell it. This is gotta be the best kept secret to living in the fast lane Forget all those pills and potions if you want to do something really good for yourself and We vitalize yourself get on nature be just two golden castles and a and watch your life take off Not a drug or a stimulus just pure organic food in the castle all the way from clean green New Zealand Nature be as real food pure as the driven snow It's an A to Z vitamins and minerals and nature be as really great for people on the run get your six months to fly right now By calling us toll free number one eight six six eight three four 83 55 coming in get yourself a bonus of one month absolutely free with your order and get your life going again call one eight six eight three four eighty three 55 Be like me get on the nature be one 86 eight three four A 355 or go on web online whatever it elevators to nature be that The biggest name so best talent to the business wheel rockers for radio five 60 I'll leave off little boy Christmas is right around the corner now's the time to get your child The new educational toy that everyone's talking about new from has been the cool club cream or doll The cool club cream or doll. How does it work? Seared child's eyes light up what he pulls the screen and here's a cute cutley turkey in the lightness of Michael Richards as He says one of five timeless lines about the holiday This cool club creamer does need mom Okay, I mean I mean My I Kind of toy is this oh mom everyone is cool ones a cool club creamer doll the kick kick eight thousand best honey Don't abbreviate. I'll explain later the cool club creamer doll at now and get the Jerry signs Talking filter at no extra cost Oh 1031 and by the way it's after 1030 now you know what that means there could be a knock on that door You know and it could be my package There are load ups now. I don't have the package that I'm hoping for but nevertheless a landmark legal case on behalf of the recording industry Association of American other Glue global trade organizations seeks to criminalize all in an add file sharing of any kind as Copyright infringement effectively shutting down the worldwide web and the argument is supported by the West government I don't want to say that the people at Prison planted our little paranoid, but they're a little paranoid over there. You know, which is good. It's fun Ray Beckerman, a lawyer representing clients and cases against the RAA A recently to partner conference color organized by the Defected by design.org an organization which opposes the RM technology content restricting programs embedded in the software that Black seuses access to music movies software other forms of digital data Beckerman describes how internet uses are randomly targeted by the RAA For simply having a folder of music on their computer kept in the dark about legal details and intimidated and paying Thousands of dollars immediately are facing a federal freaking lawsuit The RAA doesn't even attempt to prove copyright infringement with specific examples dates or times It simply coerces and threatens the victim until they relent and paying out huge settlement fees They have an investigative pretend to be user of Kazah or one of the other similar file sharing networks He finds a shared file folder that has a good number of copyrighted songs in it He has no idea whether those song files were obtained legally whether through paid down loads or to make And personal copies from on zone CD for backup purposes or by the way I think illegal was ever done with those files whether anyone ever copied one and what he does He takes a screenshot of the shared files folder Of course does not see the folders immediately sees the text in the metadata and decides this is a big shared file folder You following this then through some secret process Which he will not share with us and try to conceal from the courts even Associates it with a dynamic IP address And then after he has what he believes is the correct dynamic IP address for late in time Which he has made that screen shot even brings a proceed. We get the name of address of the subscriber We'll pay for the internet access which of course would tell us nothing But once he gets that information and even sue the person in one case UMG versus Linda Ray Cleaner who's never used her own a computer But simply does the near one Does the near one was suicide an online distributor in peer-to-peer file sharing? How do you like that? And if you're on one of those Gay then it's queer to queer file sharing Accusing the RAAA of conducting a window terror by bringing lawsuits against defenseless people back in and warned that in one case in particular Electroversus Barker has the potential to shut down the internet's completely. How do you like them bananas? Quintabanana RAAA's argument is that misbarker a poor nursing student who lives in housing project should be prosecuted on the basis that Mirrorly making files available on the internet is in and of itself a copyright infringement. Well, copyright my ass How do you like that? I'll go get many Works Beckerman calls the confidate shocking argument because if we were accepted it would probably shut down the entire internet One of the UK's biggest technology news websites The inquiry also the highlights the frightening development and article in title RAAA wants the internet shut down the US government is also filed legal breach supporting the RAAA's crap Deep 16th the internet seems highly unlikely and that would probably derail the world economy and put thousands of huge Transnational corporations out of business and I've come more likely to happen if this ruling is accepted is that would further pave the way for government regulation and tracking of the internet Namely internet too a Completely controlled surveilled and automatic or autocratic several police states one of the Chinese model Where by website owners have to obtain government permission to run a blog We improve by a biometric thumb scan just to turn their computer run and immediately get there in an ass I shut off if they miss behavior How do you like that if you worked the word crap on like a in a chat room you're out? You're done and they're gonna come knock it on the door out of here and do not get that get that out Wilson standing by or that other other other stuff was better the Edison cylinder just oh yes That was choice this case is another attack on arm of another attack arm of forces in government and the corporate structure that seek to suffocate The last outpost of true freedom of speech in the Senate and it must be counted in all costs Right so Paul Joseph Watson on the very paranoid a prison-plated dot com I like that website It's very paranoid and just right of my alley. I like paranoid people. You know what I mean? They're indicating anyway nine hundred and sixty votes on the pool Let's see if they think I'm still entertaining or if it's time to hang up the microphone or can we gonna hang it up rich Shots retiring. What should Neil retire as a poll question? Whenever he feels like it for a hundred and sixty five out of nine sixty almost half Whatever the hell he feels like it. He'll know when it's time that's what Ralph Rednick said Never hundred ninety never ever return sit there and keep papa papa papa papa like that forever until you collapse right there on the floor To you broke right in the middle of a show now 53 five and a half for sense a retail right now Now five and a half percent them what they would they do? But that's your crowd. I forgot oh you're George people in a few years 34 I hate this pool nine only a point nine percent and soon another nine 9. 9. Stay tuned. I bet you're Robert Creeper is one of them. He wants a really good sports show when they're very soon. Of course they don't have one yet. They'll come up with somebody. So get Jose Gaki back in there and get the books to back from the other joint. Jose Gaki, the books to increase more on and get those nice one and two shares like they used to have him a day. Oh God was I. It's more comfortable. It's safe when you're like that, you know? Yeah. So like I said about that my space page. 22 before I love it at 5.60 WDQM experience that difference had Mercedes-Benz of Pompano during their winter event going on right now. The all new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 is just arrived and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience. During the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano winter event enjoy lease and finance specials on C, E, ML on Arc-Class vehicles, plus the motor transport utility vehicle of the year the GL 450. Mercedes-Benz of Pompano's got over 200 employees dedicated to riding and comfortable service, offering you convenient service hours. courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes for ride to customers too. They even offer you deer miles to their service customers. They're in the rest of their indoor respore. You'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or on the wicked web as long as it's still there. Click on BenzPompano.com VENZ. BenzPompano.com. Experents at difference during the winter event it's going on right now Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. You'll find them at I-95 and Copeland's road. Call them toll free from any place at 1-800-new Benz, any WBENZ, 1-800-new Benz. Mercedes-Benz of Pompano wishing you and your family a joyous holiday season. The biggest name of best talent for the business wheel rotters, sports radio 560. You ain't ever! Your reputation been injured by appearing in the Borat movie. Borat caused me to lose respect to my fraternity brothers and that ain't easy to do. Will you just see? Do you know about the true nature of Borat's intention? He saved me money? Asked me the side of release for him and pointed a camera at me when I said, what brings his stuff? How is I supposed to know it enough in his movie? You may be eligible for compensation by calling the law officers of Sasha Baran and Cohen. That name says for me. At the law officers of Sasha Baran and Cohen will offer you complimentary drinks as you design a release and sit you in front of a camera for your free consultation with our leader, Tony. L-E-G. Check it. Eyes here with more main plate-fifth question. Why is you so stupid? Oh no. For real. Respect on delay. Visit the law officers of Sasha Baran and Cohen today. We'll get you the money and respect you deserve and won't that be nice. Nice. I just got a nice email as a matter of fact I haven't read any. Nice. It's not. I don't hear not kind of the door yet with my package. Oh god, I'm waiting for that very special package. I think it's coming from Berlin. 10-42, 18-before-leveled at 5-60WM on a very interesting Thursday. Moving into the Santeres and we go with saying, but then what fell is you know. Speaking of the ways you idiot, I'm going to send you back to Chicago. No, too. Is that disturbing when people say Chicago? Why do they say that? Just it does. Yeah, what was that all about? No, it's not. Who else did say that? Miami. Miami is the Earthshelter. No, you told me. You told me. You used to say Miami Beach. Miami. He's a Jewish cracker, Earthshenler. He crackers me up. I'd say that. I wonder if he's still alive, Earthshenler. He's been rising down on the years several years ago. He called him and boy was that boring. Oh, my Earth isn't a day over 140. He's a nice guy, but God, Almighty is he will. He makes me look like a child, like an infant. Come at a QA, I'm at Ola. Yeah, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Should I start Chris Chambers and my fantasy team this week? Yes, start. As a matter of fact, I'm glad that you mentioned it. You wanted to know why? Do you want to answer the question? I thought you were talking about your college. Yeah. He does know Chris. See, George is in no Chris. I don't. Or fantasy. See, this other thing, people are in these fantasy leagues. I have no idea. I have no idea. I'm not in the world. And that Arya Josh, I have played fantasy football. I didn't do it this year. In other words, you reformed. You got over it. No fantasy football is actually kind of cool. It's just like me, or with that mice face. I was offered for about five minutes now. I'm back on it. I don't hear any knock on the door yet. Oh, yeah. I only wish. Why just would like to get that over with? Don't you hate that? I like dialing my friends. It's so great. You give them to our window when you're going to be sitting on your ass watching TV and you're going to be home. And then deliver that to our window. I mean, 1032, that's a pretty broad, you know, I could be out in the Bob doing stuff right now. Can I? Or I guess not. So it worked out just perfect. See, when I go, good timing on your part. Whatever. Oh, there's new from the makers of head on. I'm getting a headache from the whole damn thing when you come right down the way. I really am. I'm getting a pounding, shrubbing headache. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and it's clammy in here to I think just before you croak, it gets real clammy. It's cloudy and tomorrow starts wintertime. Oh, it is going to be chilly here tomorrow. I'm going to wish I was there. Well, I'm not really. You think I wish that I was there? No. No. It would take like 15 feet of snow in about minus 82 for me to wish that I was there. It's already like 59 degrees here. Although it's very murky and cloudy and it's going to be dripping later on. And then maybe some snow and freezing rain later on. Freezing rain. I hide tomorrow 40 in the high and Saturday of 36. And I hide on Saturday of 0, a Celsius, 32 for an eye. A high, which you can relate to. How do you like that? So when is coming starting tomorrow? So we've got to enjoy today. I've got to get out of here right now. An area of highly apartheid racetrack once designated in a historic by the city's historic preservation board will no longer be considered as such after the sea council voted unanimously to take away the historic billing. The measure was improved to allow the demolition of the horse stable section of the 200 acre park. Mayor Julio Rabayna said hurricanes and termites have damaged the more than 60 year old wooden structures. He argued that the structures were an eye sore and need to be cleared. Put it in a bomb agrande over there in a highly apart. That's a good idea. In fact, maybe just over all a highly. But not if you're really even better. Our friends in highly will give you like advance warning. So you can step through the limbo rocket, the T-Roman JC pennies they were in Westland. Oh, those, those people, man. Yeah. You know the crowd I'm talking about? Yeah. Your people. Your people. That's a game club you more. And you know what they're doing at Westland. Look at the glory hole. That's right. Anyway, but residents on hand voice concerned the taking away the historic classification of the horse tables at highly effacing palm avenue in the 37th street would pave the way for development rather than preservation of the historic park which was welcome presidents and foreign dignitaries for horse races. Well, that's a long time ago. Talk about living in the past. I hope this is not the first thought for it to bring it in. By the way, speak at that highly apart. Yeah. Remember that campaign? I think you were sure working with that poem when Carter was running opposite highly and they were like trying to stay in business highly, et cetera. And I have took their side of course because I don't know why. And Bill Carter and I were out there at highly and we're trying to get people to come there in our audience. I never forget one day I go, I don't want to go into it. It brings me right back to where I was before. You know, I'm just not going to do that no more. Some old fact getting all emotional about some, you know, young straight guy, you just can't do that anymore. It's a bad mistake that some of us make over an over an over again and get all emotional. There were some really hot young guy there at highly and even to this day, you know how many years ago it's about 100 years ago. I still remember right now. I have a retention in my mind for a pretty face like you wouldn't believe. And I'm sure you do too. Yeah. I'm just not the same faces. That's right. I hope this isn't the first vote forward to bringing big developer to that property. Whereas in my, I'm really herraris said at the Tuesday night meeting. Highly of park race track owned by the anxious, the marginal John Brunetti has experienced the febodies after losing its state license, so his horse races. The race track has noted a full season since May of 2001 causing the park to go vacant and be on kimpton appearance. In the past, Robayina has listed the park as a possibility for a new baseball stadium for the Florida Marlins. But yesterday said the purpose behind the council's action was not related to the prospect of stadium deal, many other development deals, and that's a damn good thing. Because if anybody thinks that people are going to go to highly as a large baseball or racer or anything, they're dreaming. Am I right? Right? Absolutely correct. I'm going to dream world man, living in the past, the distant past. You can't, you can't go back. There's another thing say, can't go back. That's what they say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I want to see these phones crank and run just laying on the floor waiting for that knock on the door, which we got about 2 and a half hours, 2 hours and 12 minutes, 40, 2 minutes. 26, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, I think it'll run. Probably the real monster guys in our crowd are busy shaving their arm prints right now. I don't see any calls on the board. It was one flash, which I was going to take. I see none. I see zero, zippity, new guy. So maybe we'll play Al Jolson for about 45 minutes to let the package show up. Thank you. What do you want to happen about? Good format. Come in to Q, weigh in. Hello. Okay, that's it. That's the living of our call right there. We want the callers back. They all, yeah. Even though they're out around today. How do you want for it? Is that board? Have you heard that audience? The people that kept saying that. They must have a short memory. A short memory? Uh-huh. Well, we'll see. Let's see how that pole is coming. 1,000, 4,000. Oh, look at that. It's not even 11 o'clock. We got 1,000, 4,000. And you put that on your kind of delayed last night. That is a really nifty need there. Whatever. Rick Shaws retiring. When should Neil retire, that's our question today. Whenever he feels like a 491, never a 405. Now, see, you put those two together. That 89%. Seems like kind of a self-serving pole to me, doesn't it? Like, kind of like, you're bending over and looking your own behind. Seems like an excuse for a pole so that, you know, you got to say, but good one for the next day. Return now, 54 or 5.3% say, retire. Now, instantly. They even finished the show today. Okay. Boy, it is clammy in here. And that's because it's like 60 degrees. I wear crackle window. In a few years, you ought to return 35 soon, 10, like maybe by about 115. And I hate this pole. I'm going to return 0.8% of number. Joel Fimer can easily and well relate to. I believe it. Oh, here we go. And you're, I know you're going to be right. You're going to say, yeah, do what you're so who cares? WDQA, I'm hello. Neil, got? Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. Um, two things real quick. One thing I love on your website is the cartoons. And I know there's no way for you to track that. But I always scroll past all the bedtime stories because they're pretty insightful. But um, didn't know if you'd sort about the new. I know the Beatles were more tired, but they got this new CD out called Love. And it's fantastic. Is it? Check it out. Well, what does it consist of? I mean, are they singing from the grave? I mean, what do they put on it? Now they went back and it was before George Harrison died. And they got the, uh, it was, they're put on a sort of dysolation out in Vegas. And so they set it up for that. It's like a, it's a really good, needle mix. Man. You know, just when you thought there was nothing more. Here's another red dead Russian. The problem is through Igor Aguida, I felt ill day after with the other guy died there. I've been up poisoning them all over there. That's a coincidence. And uh, the problems in these really are very good with poison. They're very, uh, a lot of expertise. I'm sorry, go ahead with the Beatles, yes? And uh, more Josh and last George. Okay, thanks. More Josh and last George. He wants you, Josh. He's obviously a big fan. See, but now if you heard this a love thing, this being a love. No. I mean, I know I like to be. Let's just find love some of their stuff. Like the White Album was great. Mm-hmm. Not that old stuff on Capitol, like you're playing right there. It was kind of the most of it pretty marginal. And some of the really read-a-l's stuff like on Swan Records is really cheesy and corny. And uh, sembler could be cordoned through a strainer. No, that was not the metal. That's okay. That's enough. With a freaking Beatles already. Okay. The Beatles. If you want to hear the Beatles turn on red shell. I'll play all the Beatles you want. Okay. In his final days. I'll be a good autobiography. The final days of Rick Shaw. I don't mean like final days as far as on the planet. I got a message on my space from Rick Shaw. If you proud of that. Yeah. And I sent him back a message saying, hey, you old fart old geezer. Something like that. Because he's older than I am. He's about to only guy know who's older than I am. I mean, there are a lot of people who are older than me, but I don't know any of them. You know what I'm assuming by that? Mm-hmm. And I don't want to know old people. If I want to know old people, I'll go look into mirror now. I was thinking about the instance and it would buy and I think about all those comments by me about the old Farts. Which I don't apologize for any of them because they were all active with the old farts in South Florida. But now I'm an old fart myself, but never like those old farts, you know? Is nothing like a old fart choice. Oh, God. There's the room in about two seconds. It will must be a old fart. Wow. People run a scatter. They scatter after they think you splatter. But does it matter? That really? I don't know. Let's continue with the story. I suppose you don't get any fatter. And I'm better not. One ninety-two this morning. I'm proud of it. I'm skinny and proud. One. I'm going to continue losing it. I'm losing it. I'm losing it. I'm going to. Until I look just like Johnny Deff. All right. So I got a lot to lose, I guess. The turn. What would be wrong? Would look like Johnny Deff and having his money. I got a little money. But I'm like a child's play compared to a guy like that. I'm a piker compared to the big busted Johnny Deff. You can even begin to imagine the kind of money that that punk has got. They used to sleep in his car in Miramar. And it was on my show on Zeta. You know, that's got to be that chick from Homster. The one that's some successful Johnny Deff. What's your name? I don't know. You know what I'm talking about. You have sex. The jerk knows that's the sentence. Facts is about to end up in Chicago. He calls yesterday and like, oh, did you really have Johnny Deff on your show? Yeah, I did. But that's like 20 years ago for crying out loud on any 19 years. The Zeta days. And I notice I don't get any my space stuff from that crowd from back then. From all those Zeta listeners. I don't get any of that. Or nothing. That's not the best one. I don't want it. I don't want it. What do you want? What? But you know, like complaining about what you don't get. Yeah. I said, I noticed. I wasn't complaining about it. Now I was complaining about it. I was complaining about it. If you're going to be a judge, I said, I noticed that they're not on it. I kind of warned it. Yeah, you're so poor crap, man. Let me ask you out. Let me look at my bank thing here. Oh, I see that I haven't done it. No, it hasn't gone through yet. I gotta go make a real quick phone call. I think I hear it knock on the door. I stuck my mind in there. You know what I see, when we be the first time either, and the check, too. 10, 55, at 5, 60, WTM kind of an incoherent Thursday. There was Thursday and that's because it's the last day of November. November, November, El Trainta. How can you say El Trainta? But isn't it what? How would you say that? Latreinta, Day, November, okay? Is that how you say that in Espanyol? Sure. One hour. No. No? What do I know? Well, how would I know? I don't know you know nothing from Espanyol. You probably like it from Republican- do you have any comments? I'm like that. Yeah, they don't speak Spanish. What do they speak? Dominican? Dominican? Dominican, I think. Okay. I think that's what the month speak is Dominican. Latre, Republican, Dominican. I just like saying that. Just making it makes your mouth tingle. You know? Like you're having some kind of a sexual experience in your mouth. I shouldn't have said that to you. It's so sorry. What would be the first time? 1056 and 560 WQA and Bose, the company that pioneered noise reducing headphones now offers you a choice. New quiet comfort three acoustic noise canceling headphones for on-ear design or quiet comfort two headphones for an around-ear fit. Each offer is the unmasked combination of noise reduction audio performance and comfortable fit that you expect from Bose. Use them with your MP3 player, your DVD player, laptop, even your home stereo. Ordeal is now by columnist toll free number 1-800-856-273 and make a really great gift. And you'll meet more with a free MP3 player pre-loaded with music. It's a $50 value when you order by January 31. Use and reduce engine noise when you fly. Use when work at home to enjoy music just about anywhere on the stear. Call 1-800-856-273 to try them for 30 days risk free. How many days? I'm turning me. Ask about low monthly payments when you call too. The ultimate mobility magazine says quiet comfort headphones have been the gold standard for years. The choice is yours, the QC2 for an around-ear fit or the new smaller on-ear QC3 headphones, which you like. Order today at 1-800-856-2073 and hear the difference that Bose technology makes. 1-800-856-2073. The biggest name, so best talent to be this is wheel rotters for Shreddie of 560. This is the new Roger Shale. This is your fun. Any questions? Oh, wait. Because you had a bad day. You do people die. The cherry that you go with you really should have fried. You should have the profit. Now, one single sense. Because nobody cares. You can't afford to pay rent. We all want to say. Shut up, go away. There's no paying day, now, for you watching. This is the one we say. Shut up, go away. Not a blame, because everybody's a question. That the choose man is guilty of sin. Maybe what all be is meant for the call of those two people to shut up. Okay, shut up. You had a bad day. You do people die. The cherry that you go with you really should have fried. You should have fried. Now, one single sense. Because nobody cares. You can't afford to pay rent. We all want to say. Shut up, go away. There's no way to spend with two to three gifts. So, I'll say shut up. Shut up, go away. Yeah, don't go away, man. Just go away. I don't hear any knock on the door yet. I won't let you be ashamed when that happens. We like it. Okay, because I put a note out there. Knock, loud. All right. Because how now am I going to hear it? You're not. How do you know? Just go to the meeting. What do you say? Because you missed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. The Verizon singular wireless lines on a really nifty Thursday boys and girls. I don't know what it's nifty about it, but nevertheless, we got three hours to go. So, that's not too on nifty is it? Yeah. WDQA, M. Hello. My friend's name is Gustavo M. The Heedon. He got a good. I'm really happy to hear about it, Julio. Get back out of an animal like I told you yesterday. Okay. Get back out of an animal. We hope you're drown. We hope that the killer shark's good. Hope that's channel. Keep your ass. Shmuck. My friend these days. My wife and he said, good. I'm really happy for you. Okay. Good. When in doubt, don't worry about 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First bottle, Jolson Rocks. Yeah. Jolson is a, uh, Alta Cacher who's a real rocker. You're right. Neil. I, um, I was curious about something that about horse racing. If I get asked you really quickly, I'm not a gambler. I've never been well, I've been to horse race once. Um, and people that enjoy horse racing, are there any people that actually enjoy the horse racing because of the horses because of the beauty of them? Or are they all just for fun? Jane to brain out. Well, let me ask you this. I want you. I've got the, uh, in fact, I got a right here. I'll put it on. I might TV. I got the air racing network. H. Schroat. I could open up an account and then gamble online or on the phone. I guess that not how it works. I don't, uh, I'd be broken if I did that. I have to be a crazy person. But I enjoy watching them just because I love horse racing. And I'm just racing especially. I'm just going to ask this question to Hank and who called me basically everything, but he did call me a pervert. I think. Why is that? And even after he hung up on the wall. Why is that? Because you're not a degenerate gambler like he is. I enjoy gambling too, but, uh, you know, I'm not kidding. He's not on an honor. Call him in on the bitch him out about it. Don't be playing that games, Mr. It's the same old stuff. This is the reason with the calls. You know, like a bunch of little kids in the sandbox. Well, I call to Hank and he's going to call him back and bitch him out. Cuss him out. Take it up with him. I'm not going to be knocking the hump right here. How? Huffers good people, you know. He's like a hell of a job in the morning there. But then who expected that was funny. Nobody expected any big number there in the morning. He's not a morning guy for a quiet lot. When you weigh 800 pounds and they have to get you out of the train. How can you do it early morning, show right? Right. Exactly. That's what you said. When you stir with that barber star crab, you are so you are just relentless man. Once you get going boy, just keep digging like with mow for example with a checkered pants and with the bad to pay. All of which was true in the dingo berries. That's right. Driver Robert Venick for a self desire with Brad Paul. Oh, there's Marty Andler. When's your raceway? Marty, who kind of fumfies his way? But is a good guy. Good Jewish boy. Marty Andler. He fumfies his call of the track of every race. But he's a good people. And we call this that day on the air boy was it, boy. Mm-hmm. WKWAM Hello. Oh, I'm Kaleel. Yes, sir. You hear about the big concert. I don't know how much interest you'd have in this, but maybe George and some of his chronics out there. Some of his ilk young. In fucker December 10th. That's a place that, Frank's boys playing his music with Steve V. Terry Bosio. Should be a big zoo. Shake up. Alright. You hear that? Frank's that's coming back on these. I think he's what he said. Alright. He's on these app. Yeah. And guess what? The first song is he's going to sing. Hey there. Oh, my mub. It's brown. This thing young, the cue is boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth is shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss my baby. Frank, don't you hear I hear? I'm at the pain of the soup. I'm present sharp. And I'm acting to. I got a cheerleader here once they help with my pain. But they're doing all the work and maybe they're all ready. Oh, speaking, maybe I'll rap her. So last night on your buddy show, you know your old buddy with the suspenders in the bag. The hunchback of CNN. Anyway, he had something. It was the last night of the night before. I don't know. He had some chicken there who got raped. He was the a place kicker for Colorado. I don't want to say the wrong university. Was the university in Colorado, John? Yes, it was. And she alleges that she got raped by one of the team members. And this is a lot of back. She's written a book about it. And she went to New Mexico. And she's kicking her ass off there for random Mexico. And she's not getting raped at no mal. How do you like that? She was kind of, I don't know. I don't want to see kind of strange looking, you know. And of course you probably think it right off the bed. Oh, she's a football lady football player. And that means she's a dyke, you know. You know what you're thinking? Yeah, I'm thinking that. Of course that's what you're thinking. Because that's the way you guys think that's all you know from is this one's a dyke. Like right shot once said about my show. See the way you guys think. What? I'm just like, guys. How about everyone? No, I don't care what she did. I'm just like, right. What do you mean? What do you mean? She was the hottest thing going. And she was the dyke. And you'd probably be happy about it. I don't want to see the videos. Sure, I'm going to go on you. She's here doing something, you know. Whatever. I'll give it a watch. Maybe she's in the carpet cleaning business. Maybe. Maybe she doesn't have any. 1044 on the polar. 144 votes, man. We are really off to the races today speaking of whatever this guy. You know, I agree with his point. But so Hank is into the gambling and it's okay. Hank doesn't want to watch the races without plunging his guts out. He's a gambling kind of guy. That's his bag, man. That's his big fat bag. And if he doesn't watch it, pretty soon he's going to be wearing a bag. God, when I saw him on that breeder's cup day, I thought I was going to scream at the TV. Lose some weight. You know, losing ounce. I mean, when you're like on the precipice of like you're exploding. You know what I mean? Just losing ounce. I mean, he took up my whole 46 inch screen and then an in some. What is it, Toshiva? I don't even know what I got anymore. Toshiva, isn't it? Okay. I mean, I stand on the side. I was going to say sorry. I don't know. You think I sit there looking at whatever the brand is and the thing. It's a beautiful thing. And especially in HD, which Josh can tell you all about that. He won't buy it that said, but he'll think about it. In fact, when you cast that check, you could use that. That would go a long way to buy in George. His Christmas gift would be a nice 52 inch same song. Yeah. The LP. You know what that would be. Yeah, I don't have my own Christmas gift. That would be nice. Yeah, that exactly. Oh, be beautiful thing. But nevertheless. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's keep these great calls. But when I see how long the audience can keep it up, although we got this first. The BBC reports that an anti-smoking guru has helped many of the smokers kick the habit is died from. Guess what he died from? Cancer? Long cancer. His last words were, Alan Carr 72. I wonder if he's kind of Joey Carr. Maybe he's into dining and dancing. Alan Carr 72 quit his 100 today. I have a 23 year zero. 100, Faggot's a day. Even I can't hear that. I'm bad. You would. Yeah, if I could. All the venue what they looked like. Yeah, line him up outside the door. And let me start right now. Maybe there's that knock on the door. Oh, what are they knocking with? Quit his 100 today. Have a 20s years ago before going out and become a millionaire by advising people how to stop smoking. His books about the easy way method had become international best. Sheldon's. He ran clinics all over the world. When he was diagnosed with a disease, Mr. Carr said he saw his illnesses. Wait, do I encourage more people to quit? Talking of the time when his diagnosis, Mr. Carr said since I stopped smoking more than three years ago, I've been a happy spend in the world. I still feel the same way. He's been told that he's cured at least 10 million smokers as a conservative estimate. How do you like that? Mr. Carr, who died of this home near Malaga in Spain was diagnosed with an operable uncancer in the summer. Friends said it was possible that the years of he spent curing smokers in smoke filled sessions at his clinics not a contributed to his illness. Although might also be linked to his previous heavy smoking. It was a heavy duty smoke. Don't do as I do. Do as I say. It make me a lot of money. So I can die a horrible horrible death. And they can have a long queue to my throat. We've all seen those things where people are so addicted to the nicotine that even they're dying from lung cancer on their deathbed. And they have to okay queue. So they can inhale the nicotine through the hospital cigarette holder to design just for them. In fact, it's the FDR cigarette holder. Mr. Carr himself was convinced he would have died many years ago. Is it the appang one cigarette holder? I'm not really sure. I'm going to say worse. Mr. Carr himself was convinced he would have died many years earlier. If he hadn't kicked the smoking habit, he said, given that I'm informed that I cured at least 10 million smokers, even if that's the case it's a price worth paying. Now, there was, he was willing to give his life so that others may live. Do we believe that? No, sounds good though. And that's how I'm great. Yeah, sure. Why not? Like Jesus, he was kind of like the Jesus of the smoking field. He gave his own life so that others could be cured. And could be saved and go to smoking heaven. We're at smoke free by the way in heaven. You think they're smoking in heaven? Yeah, a lot of Marley is a healthy two there. He gave up a county to set up his first clinic in southwest London, 19th, three a sin set up 70 clinics and 30 countries. How many? About 35,000 people last year. His first book, Alan Carr's easy way to stop smoking, has sold more than 7 million copies. So, Lebanese have benefited from Mr. Carr's method, including Seranthony Hopkins and Serritchard Branson. Guys with some serious bucks. John Dicey worldwide director, Alan Carr's easy way. So, the fact that a former hundred of they smoke or having quit in his middle late, lived at the rightful days of 72's hit from endless massaged all smokers. It's a massage that kind of what's his name wanted, where we're in the 10. Alan Carr's refreshingly different approach to stopping smoking, we're in the position as the world's leading expert in helping smokers to quit. And but it would be for the book for the above. And now he's dead from lung cancer, he shows the shirt. In fact, isn't that the legacy you left behind? Just like Dr. Bob McIntynt, his legacy was don't slip and fall on the icy sidewalk. Which we have that here tomorrow. And if the dam, and I see how psychic I am? What did I pull out yesterday? And don't get smart. You're radial, you're still built by the way. I like tracks walker that you sent me. Walk confidently on packs and then when I say, this thing has been sitting over here on top of my old computer ever since you said it to me. Because I had a need for it. It was just that one icy day. Right. I did it good morning. And now we got another one. Maybe come at tomorrow. Ice and snow, traction, baby. Get some action and then get some traction. And you don't have to take them off. If I was here, the action is probably good to have a little traction. The biggest name. So, best challenge with this is the O'Rotters. More radio 560. You a damn. Yeah. A one moment please. One moment please. He's in the second. He's in the second. He's in the keyboard. The best challenge. He's the big old land of L.C. Gary Mornings 5-7. Walk with ball and 60. Q-A-M. Were you drudge back in? I don't know. Where are we beetle intensive once a day? We had a wide rail, and we knew the show was for my bike in the past. You have to get off your bike ass for that. Q-A-M. Now please, restore our constant two shows As we move. Q-A-M. And here this is the right back. Now that we got rid of the neocon-round shirt, joked. The demigrants better sit down and get to a two-way. And I was going to be a man. A man, a man, a man, a man. I've been in the station's daughters, you get free from it, it's blue. And they made a statement around the world. Q-A-M. They made a song for your schoolers. I could play a tool. A pale body of the different paths. Now get a bull nose, a random oddish case, green. You got it with beach to make the job of peace. And if that's with all the beach, I'll grab. You're next to us, have we meet? Oh, fast, oh, fast, oh, right, man! On time, those acted up and fly, which is now she's running for president. Any chance? No chance. You know what? His big claim to be the famous. He signed a lot of the mid-English-Defish language in Iowa. How many are none of these being, except for those illegal-and-messicans? One of their hushie, highway? How many people, no-spigeting ways in Iowa? I like demoing. I was moans. Huh? I don't know. You know, you wouldn't. Maybe a couple? Here's a fact, dear George, hope this isn't repetitive, but yes, they show us messed up on your archives. And but you're part- I guess it doesn't matter how many times we explain to those people that we have nothing to do with the internet stream. Or can you suggest how I can slow down and fix the chipmunk speed? Just enjoy the chipmunk. So, okay, Alva always did. And so, did David Savilla. P.S. can you guys play the bit where we turn or rack over to the Iraqis? When I think, I'll see, is that called, how will we know that? No, racked up. So, what's it called? I don't know what it's called, but it starts like, and now, you know, it's one of those. Oh, well, I'm here. No, we can't, because we don't know what it is, right? Thanks again, you guys are the best, which we say, yes, we are. Yes, we are. We are absolutely are. And we don't know nothing about the internet stream. We got no control over that, and leave us alone already. And I'm waiting for that knock on the door, and I'm distracted, because I was busy reading and responding when the email, which is probably the most important thing of my life. Well, not the most important thing of my life. I'm just waiting. Eating an email. All right. I'm shooting, in fact, I'm shooting my cut on it right now. Thousands of people say, well, at least, you know, it was indicated that there wasn't a total waste of time. Take back what I said before, Miguel, you're the best. Just leave me alone. Rick Shaw's retiring, when she had near retirement, at a thousand 73 votes, man, we are cooking with gasoline, man. We're cooking with gasoline. Careful where you're sticking. Whenever he feels like at 5, 16, 48 percent, retire whatever to hell and move structure. You'll fart, you old goat. Never, 442. Put those two together, and you got a real kissy kissy man, 80 and 9.1 percent. Is that impressive or what? No, you're not impressed by anything. Even you're impressed by that. Huh? Now we should retire right now, 58. That's not a 5.4 percent. Well, if we can get that down, how about around the 5 percent? Well, I'm going to feel really good about it. Or I? No. I don't care less. Why do people say that? By the way, I could care less. I couldn't care less. That's right. You're right. For one, let's say, do. For one sin, my life, see George finally agree with me. One son, one thing, I find I got some right. But everybody says, I could care less. Well, what does that mean? Somebody said it. Or somebody will say, I did so and so and then so and so and so. Well, so didn't I, so didn't I or so didn't so. What is that? For once in my life, it's Stevie Wonder on Motown, baby. Crank it it out. What about here, Stevie? Right over here. I'll not that way. Turn your head. Okay, it's. See that Ricky. I can do those talk ups man. I'm going on magic. I'm going to crack out the oldies, baby. I'm going to show that Ricky Tickie Shaw thing or two after 100 years of money. And he's good people. But anyway, I started to say before and then you interrupted me with all the other cocker right now. I could start to read net the very important email, which I found some astonishing things in her, by the way, some pretty interesting stuff. Wow, is all I can say. But nevertheless, I'm not going through that on the ear again. It's a bad idea. What was I going to say all about what's his name? I thought you were talking about people who say stupid crap. No, that's not what I said. I could care less than you were going to say. That's not what I was saying. That's all. Nothing. Nothing. Five point four percent say retire. Well, I'm going to go to the door any second and you'll hear that L.J. Music. And if it's a different package, if it's a big man with $10,000, then I will retire. If somebody wanted to write me a check right now for about five minutes, I'd say, okay, see, I mean, I got a couple of bucks to ask to leave. You me. Believe me when I tell you. But then when you've got to support the whole universe, you don't have to, but because of the fact that I'm such a wonderful guy, as you know, is probably even that people see people project an image on you like you're really a hard ass and you're a real bastard and stuff like that. But I happen to be probably one of the nicest people who was ever born. I asked me and I'll tell you. I just personally know. I noticed Josh didn't chime in in there. Yes, I am. He ought to be because he even cashed that check yet. You're very nice. Yeah, nice. Nice and then most people think. But it's a really show. It's a really, right? I don't know. Get too carried away. Okay. You're not my type of sweetheart. Don't worry about it. But it's a bit too much. I'm not worried about it. I'm not worried about it. Not on your life. It's not your favorite. But you're the best. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Starting with my wife. Listen, I got the people that I'm obsessed with and case you have an notice and they know it. And that's probably the only thing. It's part of the fun of life. That's right. George would say it's cute. Like those pretty quint pictures in disappearing. You just climb Jacob Flatter. I would like to. But that's beside the point. I'm going to have. We just stop at this crap already. Please. Well, I didn't see that movie. Did I? That was a really strange drive twice to see that movie. I'm really glad somebody ruined it for me. Well, and I was at a bug. I know I seen it. He's dead. No, what was it about? That's it. I just told you. No, seriously. What was the movie about? He's a... It's Tim Robbins in a car and polluted bunch of visions and you don't know what's going on. And at the end, you realize that he's dead. That's why you don't know what's going on at any point. Another one. He's climbing on Jacob Flatter. Tim Robbins. Oh well. Is he Bobbin with Robin? From that point. Robbins. See more. Why sure was she ahead of ability to put that stuff back on here. But I don't want to have fixed it come up here in posky round my equipment. You know, it's how well it works. I don't have any pots here where the mic doesn't go on and off and stuff like that. Work out and they like that? Yeah. I don't have that. Anyone on the Y-Cuz there's nobody here to screw around with the equipment. That's the main reason why everything here stays in such a pre-mo condition is that it's a beautiful little studio which I wish somebody had said you a picture of. I have that camera in there that digital camera. Yeah. You know that we have the mice face page. I could probably start putting stuff on there. Now that we have faith. Right? As if having your own website wasn't enough of reason. Yes. Now you have mice case. Well, what do we want to put on our website for? Listen. The website is who can let tools be free. Our website is who want to see naked pictures of ready quinn and stuff like that. And a bunch of boobies on it. Now the boobies are one of my space page. We got the sliding boobies to slideshow. And now of course on the phone we got many boobies but that's beside it. And you know what? Who cares? Right? Who cares? So what if Fath boys and out selling anything he's busy potking around with his show? It's part of the course. He's obsessed. He's obsessed. And if you were fat as he is in on a way out, you probably find some of the hobby too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 leverized and sing it around the slime. I've got to get back into swing of the way I used to do this thing. And I'm not going to sit here in pump and hope for a lot of calls all day. Because that's not going to happen. They never could do that for years now. Once the phone died, you know, they can't keep it up for four hours. So I got my own personal pile here. You know, there's nothing I have in a personal pile. I'm here and you're not going to die by the way. So I'm 25. It's almost 11.30. That's three out two and a half hours for them to show up with a damn package. Thank you. Thank you very much. And the damn part of it is I've got to pay them 65 hours and 55 cents. Which, thank God, I got the right change. 65.55 for some crap. What does it say on this thing here? What's the brokerage COD do? What does that mean? Brokerage COD my ass. 65 hours and 55 cents. Wow. Yeah. Your mama. The whole damn thing is only cost 125. I've got a bunch for the machine. I got to pay half that much for the freaking plus you had the postage that was paid on to send it here. And you're talking about the same party was the name of machine. Crying out loud. That's the problem you have with. And the only reason I'm getting it is because I'm not, don't have confidence in these brothers. Fact machines. He's 48 hundred. They're good. I like them a lot. But they die. Like the other one died. So, every message number so-and-so, call brother and throw this thing down the toilet. You know, it's funny. It's funny to die. That's right. Just like Richie. What was his name? Richie Lopalata. Richie Karen. Richie Karen. From your name. Right. Who called us down here? Well, somebody put him up to call on the right. Am I right about that? I said, yeah. Get the honey tune. Yeah. Yeah. Which he didn't really say that in the movie. Am I right? That is correct. Get the honey. It didn't say get the honey tune. You're honey. And no, don't say it. Get the honey. Yeah. Can I have a little honey in my, what was it? A little language, lemon, little lemon. A little fresh lemon, squeeze it by whatever they were going to. Yeah. Whatever they were going to. That's right. And then they started with on the storm. If you haven't seen fast so by the way, this weekend, if you really bored to death, go out and rent or buy or steal a fast so, with done to a reason and bankrupt Rotten stars in it. And it's great. And especially if you're fat, maybe it'll shock you back in a little sense of reality. You know what I mean? I'm talking to you. You're going to have a virgin death. That's right. Like the humper? You need to sit down and have a chat with that fat man. I'm telling you right now, it might be happens. There's neals as if you don't quit eating all that crap you're going to die. And he'll look at you in life as an assault. He'll go just like, what is like that then? And then he'll go, I'm dying on the head. I'm dying on the head. Seriously, he has bigger than some apartment conferences I've seen. I ain't looking pompot-o-beach. I just can't believe it. He took up my entire screen and then was like, slopp it over the edge. And that's your fault. I don't use fault that is that's current's fault for sticking his ass on there in the morning. Because you know when you're up early in the morning, then you got the horse that they did do one thing. You know what that is? Eat. That's it. Eat. And eat. Mind. Jaman. Jaman. Twenty seven after eleven at five sixty. WCM. Nothing is worse this time of the year than go to the mall and fight in crazy people. Skip all the holiday shopping madness if you need a new mattress. By making a one easy call to dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. And don't forget it's dial a mattress is 30th birthday. How do you like that? Yeah, I got the check. That's a good. And, dial them. I'm obsessed with them. You know what I'm just with me? I have an obsessive personality. Sorry. I have a obsessive about commercials. I have obsessive about people not to mention any names. I'm just an obsessive kind of guy. You go girl. It's dial a mattress. I will. 30th birthday. And a celebrate dial a mattress and Simmons are offering me lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDS pillow top. It's like they bring a whole story. Call 1-800 mattress to get factory new right price in the ordering service with no nonsense. Call by game time. A new mattress we've delivered by the post game show even if you're not a sports nerd with dial a mattress. Just choose the day and time you want your new mattress delivered seven days a week from eight in the end. I'll 10 PM like I told you before even the same day that you call. Think of two hour window. You're going to have to sit around all day waiting and they show up and that to our window like 10 to noon. Two to four. Whatever the hell it is. And dial a mattress delivers when you want. That's why dial a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. Live been using them for years and why everybody at QM uses dial a mattress. On the web, you'll find them at mattress.com. We're just making that one easy toll free call. 1-800-MATTRES rebought the last SB because it stands for Stupendus Sensational Savings. The 50th name. So best talent to the business. The O'Rotters. For Shredio 560. You A-M. What are you? Hey, Brian, look segment today. We have a very special call online. A Mr. Morris. Harold Davis. Not a 2-0. No, let's go to the Hureka. What's on your mind, Morris? Who you know who I am? Yes. Yes. You are Morris Harold Davis. Absolutely. And I'm calling to complain about Stup pizza. Do I toy toy? Ah. That's an interesting way to play. I never quite heard it. Put that way. I like pizza, but the pizza here in Stup Florida is not all for me. Do I toy toy toy? Wow, this is quite a call we got on here. I can. Thank you. Thank you. And give it to me. Hey, toy toy. Now see here. I'm saying that pizza in Flavduh is terrible. Anyone who says otherwise is wrong. Good, good, good. Yeah. Well, thank you for your real call, Morris. Right here on the Kenny and Bo show. We'll be right back after this massage from Mobile Massage. Here you go again. Pick it on a beer and suck it. Death then you've got to those poor guys. Good guys and you're like, uh, rag and on. Sorry about that. You probably wrote that thing for a chicken egg. Every hermit that night did that voice to 20. Oh. What are we going to do about that situation? 27 to noon at 5. 60 WKM. We got the Curtis for the man dog at 2. And then the Humper for 3 hours. Let a morker couple ounces off today, man. You see I lost back 4 pounds in luck just a couple of days. What is it? I had been going to the farm for a couple of days. I had ballooned up to Gargantuan. I'm not going to, I'm not going to mess around with that 200 level ever again. Remember I've been going to the farm for a couple of months now. I've never gone over 200 pounds again. Good guys. So last thing I can do a faddle, dying guy, a bit of like me. Man I want to, you know, and I should have the lesson of LASTER should be sticking to my mind shouldn't it? Yes. Isn't that what that stands for when you run lying, you know, LOL lesson of LASTER? Yes. Right. I should let that be real listen to me. You know, guy with his kidneys have gave out and his heart and his, uh, had a chop off part of his foot and then he died. Much much sure prematurely. And by the way, there's a classic example I mentioned this year that I'll say it again of idiots out there, mean spirited rotten people who after he the guy dies, they go and post comments on his blog there, Rob. I'm glad he's dead and you was right. I like that stuff like that and his poor wife's got to read that crap. Don't do it, Mary. Shut that baby down. Right. Please. See this business about people about it and that's another thing. After reading some of that swirl on that my space that's the part that bothers me. I mean, you know, I can communicate with whoever I want if they act, you know, if they pop up on air like recently or whatever, I can do that at my own whim. But these comments from these wise outkers, I feel like I see, you know, falling to the, what was that thing about public opinion, caving to the public, the president of the tide of public opinion, whatever my thing that tells again. I'll do whatever it hell I want. How do you like that, schmuck? Here's what you got. It's probably making like 75 cent now or, you know, shoveling a horse crap at the track or something. And he's giving me a saw in an answer about caving in a public opinion. I'll do whatever I think makes the show listenable and good and fun for all of us. Okay. I like the bedtime stories, but it was a lot of work, man. Sitting here, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. What is the door, I think? No, not. Let's be banging on it. Speaking of radio, move over Warsh Limbaugh says John Bernan. What is this from? I'm something on it. Who don't even care as words from anybody care where it's from. Do you care? Who's known, Bernan. Some schmuck that writes for Warsh Story. I don't like that. Move over Warsh Limbaugh and children's largest progressive talk radio host. Oh my god. As moving head to head with Warsh Limbaugh sometime in December, industry and service from middle of the deal tell Raj Story, the move which puts children the choice known to 3P and window will also bring face to face with error America's flagship talker, Al Franken. Yeah, I'm fine. He's the, what does it say? Their flagship talker, Al Franken. For the flagship station, two radio and siders who spoke on condition of that anonymity confirmed the move. Both character rise the decision to move the inch old silver from drive time to early afternoon. It's one intended to bolster a rapidly growing national audience and Schultz's kick an ass baby. So we not only have to contend with Rush and with all the other swill that's on there which we kick their eyes all the time not a regular basis. But nobody writes about it. Is now we got to put up with Ed Schultz, who sucks. The decision to move Schultz to noon time Eastern could put another Nagle in the coffin of very America which father bankruptcy October 13. A 2006 survey by talker's magazine Peg the Fargo Talker's Listness ship at 2.25 million tying Schultz at number 10 Among Radio Host Nationwide. Eramerica's Al Franken ranked number 12 on the audience at 1.5 million. These guys have talked in millions of people and I'm sitting here I, you know, didlamitonels in South Florida in the land of the walking dead. But you know something in no complaints. Norma can't do in a heck of a job. Especially talking about Clarence and his Q to ask, you know, the important issues. Limbaugh still dwarfs all liberal radio host and popularity with an estimated audience of 13 and a half million ditto heads idiots morons. According to the talker survey down from 14.75 million in 2005 he's down a million. You don't think it's so as pills do it. Sean Hannity pulls him roughly 12 and a half million more Lemmings. A spokesman for Schultz said he couldn't come out on the report but confirmed that a major announcement would be made on he showed today. Schultz is expected to announce the change on today's program which they just got through right now they write it again just to make me look bad. It doesn't get much more raw than raw story. I'll tell you that. Of course some people like it raw. You don't see it? What I hear. Like that. What is that? Appetizer that raw beef what are they calling? You know I'm talking about. I'm like in French restaurants to have that. And even raw. Oh geez. Geez Louise man. I worked in a French restaurant and I don't know what you're talking about. Well so was that you worked in a French restaurant? They give you any females? Of course. Are they still in business? Yes they are. What a happy you get fired. I was in my high school. I don't work there anymore. What did you do there? I moved out of this washer. I was a bus boy. Oh you were a bus boy. Well I'll be there today. French restaurant. Then you got a job as a bus bench. Now how about the escargo? Do you need any of the snails? Love the escargo. Sure man. Oh yeah. Looks like some kind of a seed food delicacy but it's not. The end Schultz show is all by product first to company held by former Fair Channel executive Randy Michaels. Oh that clown. Oh my god Randy Michaels. I'm a man in a radio industry. Just ask him. Product first president, Stuart Crane, Urs Rao vice president of ABC was among those who helped pivot limbo out of the national stage. Schultz's chief competitor of scarrermarica is threaded rocky water since his launch in 2004. Since its inception. Wow. The privately owned company is lost more than $40 million including 13 million in this year along the corner of the network's bankruptcy finding. Schultz's show also privately held is not supposed profit figures. I'm saying you want to think nobody ever lost money on this show so maybe the people over there at IODs. They could make money with a haliboss standing in the middle of Jerusalem for Krenner. That's how desperate those bastards are. And the only thing they could do is they took all their stations in Trinidad with Jubox speaking of Jubox. That's all they know how to do is put on a Jubox. Whether it was the coast or a hot 105 and they're doing very well. EDR. They bought that piece of crap. They're jamming it. I should be saying that because all the punks they want here that crap. Another one here is Snoop Dogg. Here about his latest bust. Do you know we had a big bust? That's what I heard from our name. I heard from our name Drugs. Yesterday. All them drugs man Snoop Dogg. It's going to put him in real deep sur as deep doo-doo. Let's see. Rich Ross return. When should he over here? Look at that now is up to 5.7% 60% for out of 11.19. I've to almost 6% retire. Now retire. I'll think about it. I'm going to think about it very seriously. If they don't come out of that knock on the door for the damn soon. See, this is what, that's why the dial mat for this thing is so unusual. Because they give you like a tour on window. I'm not doing another spot for them. I'm just telling you. I'm actually sure I've been at 2 hours. But here's this thing that gives you like between 10.30 and 2. I'll probably sure if I could 1.58.30. As I'm playing the final dying bit there. I've final dying bit. What would I be something if I died like in the middle of a bit? I never came back. I would do something. I'd play a play. I'd play man. Or maybe I should just play dead. What do you mean you'd play manny? Manny, what? Manny from Kindle? Manny from Al Jolson. Oh manny, I think he said manny. Yeah, I'll play manny from the morning show. Pizza and liquid. Pizza? Yeah, random. Pizza? Are you done? I'm all right darling. How you? I've got that manny five. Why'd you get fired? You have the critical. Oh, it's still man. Why does manny crank all the station? What is his problem? Because he can. 19 to aluminum at 5.60. He can speak out of a restaurant. It's lobster fest to be fried it through some of the amazing Emile Coast buffet. But when you're just in the mood to shovel that food down. The best Chinese buffet in South Florida's got three locations for you. Sunrise, Pemberpies and Sunhears. There's nothing like it. Everything is crisp and fresh and delicious. And there's enough food there to feed the Chinese army. No less. If they get such a coincidence, of course not. Over 100 different items featured on the Emile Coast amazing buffet. No, a raw meat, by the way. What does that call? Is that carpactu of beef is out there. Isn't it? I don't know what it is. A raw meat. Ooh. Six gourmet soups. New York State juicy and delicious grilled order and cooked by the way. The Emile Coast not raw. And carp primer of sushi, traditional Asian dishes. There's a salad bar and a sea bar. And the dessert bar is really spectacular. Weekends featured a 40-inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain. You can hand dip all kinds of neat stuff in their man. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. You can hand dip your strawberries marshmallows, cheesecake, other deck and treats. In the loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a big feast at the Emile Coast. And don't forget, you'll never water a lot of there with a headache from the Emile Seekers. They don't use any. No crap. No cornstarch. There's no cholesterol, freaking or oil. And healthy sleeping ingredients going anywhere. And right now, when you go in as a party of four. Ask for the Neil Deal. You'll get $5.60 off of your total check with four paying adults. Emerald Coast open for lunch and dinner for reservations called 9.5. 4.5.7.238.22. When you're in the mood for a real feast, this is the place. 9.5.4.57.238.22. Don't forget, every day is the Neil Deal. They can every Friday through Sunday. It's lofty for us back again at the Emerald Coast. Chinese buffet. The biggest name. This is real Rogers, 4th Radio 560. You a damn. I got your breath, so beautiful. On Monday, November 27th, the interview that was shocked to me. Come on, I said two people like that. It would probably come my hand or something. You can edit this, right? Old Jesus and right, did it. Here's how it happened. It's not like I grabbed a bunch of cares and got into scars and tried to go do. Makes it go. Did I say that aloud? The two rates are ready to begin Monday, November 27th, only on talks. 14th will know, beef tartar. And of course, if we got to hear that from John from Macombia, South Carolina, is it said it has to but I don't know what I'm trying to say. Well, I'm just trying to forget it. Let's have had it. Not too long ago. You have? Yeah. Beef tartar. We had it. Why? We were at a Hungarian restaurant in the Hungarian and said, hey, try the beef tartar. It's really good. It's really good. People at the table had good wash. I had to go get off. Oh, yeah. I love beef tartar. I really hate it that those had all noodles in it. Right? But it was soaring the sky high. To the moon, no less had a little mustard dill sauce, which was great. A little mustard on it. And speaking of eating mustard, I don't know who this is by. It's just I just found this on the internet, which I better find everything on there. I needed the moment until I shut that baby down. Well, the guy's name who posted this Howard Chang. And it says, what do I eat? As if somebody really cares about what Howard eats, but he had things to wear months to know. And of course, I did because I was just looking up for steak tartar. I just to Google it and I came across this rather bizarre thing. He says the answer is relatively simple. I would eat just about anything at least once. Wow. I sure don't go along with that, but nevertheless, the only things that I do not eat are things that my body cannot handle. In general, I don't like things that are bitter, like certain vegetables, sour or too hot. And see, I like like sweet, hot and sour soup. Don't you like that? No. That's one of the soups you'll find at the end of the course. Why don't you like hot and sour soup? I don't like sweet and sour and hot and sour things like that. Well, too bad. Then you shouldn't be working a QM if you don't like sour. Good point. I'm willing to give this about anything at least once chances. It's in fact I look forward to trying them. I never refused to eat something simply because of the appearance. I've never been grossed out by anything yet. Buckle's mixed in gets pretty close, but can't call it food candy. What does buckleys mix you? We don't want to know. If this guy won't, I don't want to find out. This is my favorite food group is meat. My favorite meat is lamb. Oh man, give me some. Give me some. Give me some. Give me some. I'm very happy. I'm a little lamb. You eat it. No. But I'm also very fond of beef duck. Buck is also a guinea in slimy. Although it's sweet. No. greasy. Chicken pork fish. I'll see who to serve. No problem eating in the edible parts of animals. For example, tongue, liver, kidney intestines, heart-drain, bone marrow, sweet bread, etc. And this is the standard meat above. Here's a non-absorbed list of some of these things I've tried. Birds, E.M. Goose, ostrich, pigeon, or quail. This guy ate the quail. Animals that live on land, alligator, bison, caraboude, deer, frog, goat, frog. This guy went to Montreal, ate some frog. Goat horse, rabbit, snail, snake, and worm. Oh, this guy's eaten worms for crying out loud. The seafood, cuddle fish. I don't even know what that is. I've heard it before, but what is a cuddle fish? It's kind of squid. It's kind of a little fish that you cuddle up with. Wait, it's squid. Oh, a nice little fish. Squid asks. Jellyfish? Well, I've seen a few of those. Yeah. lobster, octopus, sea cucumber. What does a sea cucumber? I don't want to know. Sea urchin, shark, squid, and turtle. Oh, a turtle. Like, mertal, the turtle, and this guy's eaten my pet. Yeah, I think when I was a little kid, I had like a little one of those little blue turtles, like you buy in the pet store, you know? Mertal, the turtle. And I don't think it was really dead, but we threw it in the garbage anyway. We thought it was dead. It just wants to get set out for a while. You know how that works, dude? Yeah. Insects, grasshopper, cricket, larvae, species unknown scorpions, and I've always been for new things to try, says this nerd. He says Chinese who none of these are strange to me, though, maybe considered strange by others. Other original food, Japanese Korean Malaysian Singapore, since I grew up in Hong Kong, he says none of these is too unusual for me. Haggis, Scottish. I don't mind what I'm trying to do a bit bland. Haggis is like intestines, isn't it? That is correct with. What does that? It's kishki's baby boy. I do love my kishki. But kishki's aren't kishki's, and not intestines. Kishki is like a vegetable thing in the middle of a, the only, in intestines is the wrapping around the outer edge of it. Correct. It's flavored to- Let me correct. Some little gore like you as you would. I grew in the show, Mr. Al-Timeers. We all threw what kishki is, and I was flavored with beef. I'm sure my kishki's got to take it right now. I'll take it right now. What's the meal? What's that, that two-man-right Lakaretta? Go over there. By the way, we're gonna see Al-Arkaretta. Here's somewhere. I love Las Vegas-Q and restaurants. Thank you very much. I saw Al-Arkaretta somewhere in either here or the airport or somewhere. Maybe in Montreal. They got good restaurants in Montreal, but boy, you sure want to put up with those frogs with those people. And they collect nation, man. Collect nation, my ass. Oh beef, tartar. He says I like raw beef. When I first had in Paris, in Paris, Josh, French restaurant, Paris, I guess I didn't have to go to a nice place, and it wasn't that great, right? Didn't go. Since then, I'd had beef, tartar, and Montreal twice, they were quite good. My role in leftridge also has good beef tartar. In Montreal, I had a twice in in Paris. Sounds pretty French to me. French restaurant. Yeah. See, that's a pump-like Josh. He's a good kid, but he just got a big mouth and talks about it. It's fine. We like that. Yeah, because I worked there, and they didn't have that. So they didn't have it. Maybe it was a crappy French restaurant, okay? Maybe that's why, you know, anyway, Balluth, Philippine. What is Balluth? These are imbianated duck eggs that are hard boiled. Hard boiled duck eggs. You can see a baby duck in there. It says, oh, that's bad. Oh, right at lunchtime, you're doing this to us too. People eat the craziest. It says, Balluth's feet and beaks are crunching, giving you a very nice contrast. Oh, yeah. You can find these at the Asian supermarket in Luford sometime. There's obviously some brick jackass, Luford. Or is that Luford job? Could be Canadian, too, Ontario. Is this guy from my doency? Beef tongue. One of my favorite parts of the cow is there any part I don't like. He says, no. If done right, very tender and extremely flavorful, I think they've sort of flavor very well. Tung. Wasn't your tongue's footsteps, or flavor very well? It's the idea. Few goo, which is blowfish. Pugu. Fugu, few goo. I had this during my trip to Japan in 2005. All the other things have eaten our gross to some people. Only because of what they think, but this one can be truly dangerous. The fish has potent toxins that must be prepared properly. Luckily, I'm still alive. The texture of Fugu is quite firm both wrong. Could live you had this? No, I know about it though. He says, the cook ones have quite a bit entased. It's like Gruper. Be a Trupper and Trassen Gruper. No thanks. That's all. Gruper this quarter. No thanks. Thank you. How is Gruper? Did I already? Gruper? Fingers my ass. I bet they do. In general, I don't like bitter or sour food. It's other than the only category. I'm not so keen on his desserts. What a schmuck. Yes, you're right. It's not the taste, but what desserts do to my body after where the drives me away from the most desserts I made with unsurprisingly sugar. And often contained dairy products in fruits. They make me sick. He said, I can eat a lot when it's something I like. I like in general greasy deep frying food very much, but also like steak, but most kinds of grilled meat. Processed meats such as sausages, corn be, bacon, etc. Also some of my favorites. And this is a simple eating. And in terms of fast food, nothing beats KFC. That's because up until very recently they've been cooking in the deep frying and nasty, heavy trans fat crack and that's true. I can eat it for lunch dinner and breakfast. They used to have extra tasty, crispy, formula and candida. Yeah, less for a giant terrier must be what he's talking about. And what was it that they haven't left for? She said something I don't want to try. I don't want to know. And I don't want to know. He says, unfortunately, it seems that was the only one to order this stuff. The only fried chicken fried the chicken went order it all the pre-cooked chicken with the original recipe. They no longer sell it in Canada. Probably because of a lack of customers. And on and on and here we go. Here we eat anything. I know some guys like that. 1156 votes on our pool. We're in a spruce, some really sensational calls. The case where in case you missed it, you hear any of them? Yeah. No. 1156. What do we got so far? Rick Shaw, an officer's retirement on Tuesday. She said, Rick Shaw is retiring. That's right. So we're going to correctly. We're telling like after the first of year. Whatever Bob Hamilton says, get out of already. Take your camp and get lost. No, but I'm probably going to give a big send off when you think. Just like we get here at QA and big kiss on the yes. Rick Shaw's retiring went to New York retire. Whenever he feels like it, 5544749 percent. That's damn why you're folks. Got it. It's enough to make me pleased. Right now, is that knock out of the door by damn facts my she and man with my package. I think they're jerking you around. Never, 475. Never should retire. 41 percent. Never. Just keep going until you croak right there, man. We'd love to hear that. Now we should return. Now 66 back up to 5.7 percent. That's not a real good design. That's your crowd. They want to hear you. Right. Here's George. Hey. In a few years 40, soon 11. Like a sooner than later. And I hate this pool. Solementate DHC. Soltonto DHC. Soon you missed the languages like that. And I get the numbers and the whole deal here. It is confusing to me. It bothers me a lot. The Spanish and Italian. What about the frog? How do you say 10 in French? You have to be your 12. The most convoluted numerical. This walk I word. Set. Why you say I don't know sex. Seth Seth Greenberg. Seth Greenberg's going to be on. All right. We got several segments with Seth. We don't know what tele does but at least he's Jewish. The biggest name. So best talent for the business. We will rock for sports. For you. I'm 60. You. And. This is Ticini. I like to relax by having very diagonal and massage my balls. I listen to the meal. I'll write this. Okay. Go. Right. If you get in trouble. And things don't go your way. No. If you face a lawsuit. That's when it's not a lawsuit. That's when it's not a lawsuit. That's when it's not a lawsuit. That's when it's not a lawsuit. That's when it's okay. That's when it's not a lawsuit. That's when it's okay. That's when it's not a good spot. You have to speak. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. So anyway. I'm gay. 12 or two at five 60 that kind of like. And in nachy leech me against any problems at all rest of my life. blows, but it's a 59 degrees for quite a lot, and it's going to be rain and sleet and snow and freeze not, but to get my cleats on. And we're cleat bore, plain third base for the Yankees. No. Clay, Clay, tourists bore. Bob Geiger writes, and why do people say Clay tourists? And we're kind of a moron says that, you know? I'm sorry, Joyce. She has a real, she's nervous about that. It's shaky. Yeah. This is what she's nervous about. Farce. In fact, there's probably why she farce them, which is because she's nervous. Isn't that what they say about people that were nervous that they far? I've never had that problem. Of course, I'm not a nervous person. I'm a nervous wreck, but that's because I work for this company in this business. But I never really, I don't know, I'm not one of those people at nervous parts. I fart a lot because I'm big and fat, you know, an old. See, when you get older, like you blow them out and you're not even aware of it, you're not even trying. You just hope that it's like, you know, yeah. It's what you think it's going to be. Bob Geiger says day 19 hundred dollars.ama. Well, am I going to start getting back into the business? Well, I feel like I can mix in match. You know what I'm saying? Because it's thought like there's any cause on the board right now. Although once it'll leakage is up, it'll be, it'll be smoking baby. It'll be smoking. I can't tell you what it's going to be smoking. That guy who died with their lung cancer, he'll tell you. Bob Geiger says I usually post the way to stop day to my Osama clock on Mondays, but I just wanted to note that effective today in November 30th, it's been 19 hundred days since top talking George W. Bush city with smoke Osama in a lot out of his hole and Neil and better alive. In the massive universe of Ways, Bush has exploited our nation's tragedy on 9 11, few things seem to have brought him more political capital with American people in his swagger and fake resolve to bring those who attacked us to justice. He's going to bring him to justice and anybody with a brain nose for justice, we got to go see dog collion. That's right. Anybody with half a brain nose, that of course, that leaves your president out. Shmuck. Anyway, he stood on the arrival of ground zero in New York City and said that bad guys would hear us all soon and followed that a few days later by invoking imagery of the old West and saying he would get us some bit of a lot of dead or alive. Of course, just six months later that we saw was gone and Bush Langley said to reporters that good law and just wasn't that important. I don't know where he is said our iron world macho man, you know, I just don't spend that much time on him to be honest with you said. We can tell because we sit here at the 1900 have been law and running free and continuing to podcast periodic threats to our country. It's time where we focus our global fight against terrorism, set it a rust final to remember the Senate Intelligence Committee said in June who must move away from Iraq sentry policies that are draining our resources and focus on our guidance and fully authoritarian, importantly operating in some 60 to 80 countries around the world, you should live so long, Russ. A good way to start my fee for us to actually nab the guy we promised to get five years ago. I work in New York City where Bush made his bull claims and continued it while New Yorkers love tough talk. They have a little respect for people who can't back it up. So you're a Mr. Bush, where in the house of Osama? Hey, you're a Bush. Just like you said, a Tony Blair, remember that when he was a judge, he was cut. Redneck from Texas, some kind of a Yahoo Redneck, Chaan and Chaan with his mom open, like some kind of a clutch. Of course, keep in mind, Danny's the one who liked to give it all over the table with a Japanese there. Maybe they didn't like that sushi, you know? It's possible. Oh God, yeah, as much as I did test 50, I did eating sushi. Oh, something that's stirring back out. Oh, my boss. Brother. 560, let's get our call segment in here. Okay, let's kind of mix and match. Do you think the audience can handle this? No, can I keep up with me now? That's a problem. For a doubt, our gold fart like me, you guys just can't keep up. Of course, the the seven-minute delay doesn't help. 5.5% 66 per sub for what is it? 66 people be saying, right now, right now, before you finish this sentence, right? Just like Howard Beals. Right in the middle of a, remember that? Of course. And you can go to the process because he'll fall asleep by that point in the movie. It turns it off right in the middle of that sentence. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television, said, turn them off. Right in the middle of a set. Like that. That's how I'm going to do. I'm going to go out like, random, like that. Come in your QA and home. Hello. Come in your QA and home. Hi, you doing? No, we're talking about you nervous. I just got out of a nervous hospital over in Hamburg. And so I say, you want what you just really make my stomach nervous with that french fries, haters and biscuits and my okay good. You got out of a nervous hospital. Oh, now you got to see Sling Light. He was doing Carl. First thing. Was he really? I haven't seen Sling Light in the Irgonistic. I was like, that was, that was quite a cute, cute movie. You got out of a nervous hospital, a burn you a copy. You didn't have a nervous hospital in Sling Light? Yeah, he also said, Bob or Ted, two men or not, light together. Nice. 1188 votes on the pool. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 65, they for rising and the Sling Light line. So I think it'll write us a line. Sling Blade my ass. Okay, I'll go get the knife. Get the rubber band. WQAM, hello. That's rewards. QAM, hello. Remember the rubber band, man? Hello. Come in. Hello. Hello. Hello. Call back at the time. You need to put off. Yeah. Oh, isn't it something? Yeah, he's got that phone. Just keep, keep, keep, keep swallowing that baby. Keep swallowing right down his throat. WQAM, hello. Yeah, what's the old for an under mom this weekend? 88. It's the great, it's the old 88. I like that, smart. WQAM, hello. Yeah, we got to get out of here. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good evening in the top of the day, via. How are you going to week? We go out. Oh, there's that Richard Quest with those donkey teeth. Suitable, soccer, soccer. Oh, God. I'm going to check for the weight. He's the last person I ever want to see again. Go ahead, sir. Week is a week or so, though. I probably would have voted to retire now, only because you weren't taking call. I'm going to show him was getting kind of... Ponderous. Oh, yeah. I mean, with the reading of the news all day, you were starting to sound like, PAYER, are you good day? Right. You know, the thing that's funny about the calls, isn't the content, it's funny. It's just that they're so bad, you know? Right. It's like a trade bank. That your attempts are 99% of the more 99% of the more 99% of the more, 99% of the more, so lean. That's why I'm doing the show in your mouth. That's why I'm making the big bucks. And you're out there pushing a push card in central park somewhere. Selling a kishki. Oh, I'll take some by the way for lunch. I wish they all I could find a place to take a kishki. I know that place that Remer took me that time, which is out in the end of the world, so why do you keep using these Yugoslavia and words on here? You may even know where you were slavia. 32 AM, hello. 2 AM. Hey, Neil, how you doing, buddy? Very good, excellent. Hey, again, uh, first time, long time. I'm calling to you, is that thing in the meat, the raw meat, isn't it? They tartar. Stay tartar, that's it. All right, man, you have a good afternoon. Thanks a lot. We only listen at like 20 minutes ago, but this guy's busy on the floor. I'm on the computer. OK, just relax. See these things don't drop off under supposed to. I hit the drop off thing. 50 times, oh my god, are we having a technical problem here on this end now? Wouldn't that be bad and unusual, too? I don't know. Had a little bit of that yesterday. Stay tartar. Maybe that's why I'm pukeing my gut, sir. Come in to QA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Hey, you were mentioning, uh, like a red of there is one at Miami International Airport, then, uh, I wouldn't have. I wouldn't need there for you. Well, why me by that? Why is that? Well, I worked there. Yeah, so why should I eat there? Because you work on it. I don't want to hear some kind of crap. You're going to come up with about how they got like, you know, La Carretta. He works there when he got like, yeah, you worked there. My ass, OK. You worked there. It wouldn't like the loser like you come with an 100 yards of La Carretta. No, I'm talking about outside of there. I've seen one. I've seen one. I've seen one. There's some unusual place to maybe it was in Europe somewhere. It was La Carretta. I think it was. Maybe it was an Amsterdam. Oh, you should have won a eighth there either. What I hear from you. Oh, I'm sorry, but it's just, uh, anybody who tells you otherwise, uh, just laugh at him. Just look at him and just fall down on the floor and hold your sides and laugh and giggle and act like some kind of a knit wood. Act like you're having a spastic fit. Because the food and Amsterdam rhymes with the fit. It is inevitable. It's crap. Otters Malaki. As the way he's, uh, clown. 1191 on there and 67 say retire now. Soon that's only number we need to look at. The rest are just looking like he kissing kissing. That's an important number. 5.6% which fits right of an acute 56. See what all fits in together. For that. You're going to be all fine. We're voted on that many times. The biggest name. So I'm saying down with five yards. You're checking for 20560. You A. Damn.nine, eleven to hold your mind. We're heading down that danger highway Trying to dodge bullets and get away I'm warning and I'm dead My life is dying and this is making the way Remember trying to run back dead by a wreck I got me a home man that thinks about 20 slow Hurry up and find that out Far away in the high back in the middle Played playin' surges just get you back there I'm back baby And I'm back, this is the high back Baby, I'm back, don't know I'm back, baby, I'm back We've got some action here with us Baby, I'm back I'm going to go and jump in high back Baby, I'm back From 17, they got sore so at air Baby, make no mistake about it The rack attack and everybody's saying Well, but it'd be for the looper What do we do now and nobody's got no answers Including the Democrats and anybody else But that's what happens when you're in a quagmire I'm saying, look, I have like us here at 2am When a quagmire You can't take the G in fact, if you put a G in there Wouldn't it be a quagmire? I mean, it doesn't spell right 2am A quagmire A quagmire A quagmire Probably a 9 votes on the pole man We are really moving along We're just racking him up Big time Calls the phone is dead Now why are we supposed to care what happens on the view? I saw Tucker Carlson without the bow tag in last night on MSNBC And he was ranting and raving He's got some sodium sqeen on there with him Why didn't Keith Obermann's got some queen From the village voice on there I don't know what the guy's name is I don't know what her name is Some screamer This is the new Who's the one that started that? Was I'm with King? Started what? This business of every Every one of these talking head shows Has to have their resident queen Entertainment reporter whatever I don't know Probably entertainment tonight started that I don't know Whoever started it I'll be shot But anyway he's got this queen on there I'll be better but I'm talking about the view Well first of all not one straight guy in the world watches the view Am I right about that? You're right Absolutely And frankly only people will watch the view Are the ones you're always talking about The fat shut and shirt Trailer trash woman Those are the ones that watch the freaking view But boy they sure made some heavy duty crap about this And I'm mentally slashed any devito Staggered out of the view yesterday Cracking jokes about having sex with his wife in the White House And getting bleeped on the live show after calling President Bush Namnuts he got bleeped The video who's promoting his new movie Debt the halls Walked on the show set unsteady And it clearly distilled speech to some all night Carousing with his pal George Clooney I know it was the last seven Limon cellos cellos What is that? What's the limon cello? Cello I'm sorry It's some kind of a drink That we're going to give me green lizards Whatever hello what what do I know about booze What the what's that Josh you want to know about right up on the up here alley? I have no idea I heard he said in the courier apparently clocked Well if it's a 10 inch limon cellos But just to an hour's earlier Devito was on Fox news channels Fox and something rather have you been asleep yet Rosie you don't last him on the view I don't know to be to answer not really I'm going to wait a while and go to sleep Then the conversation turned to the White House Or we were in the show closed Elizabeth Hasselbeck Said that she been invited to meet President Bush She offered to bring her down as her guest I don't know if they would want me to go down I'll said Big Left wing, dark like that Those back entrances That's the way to go and disguise Devito said You know what I mean? It's really really cool place They built it really well He says the audience tutored nervously And there I was during Clinton's last day Which was really nice to be to said The place had that kind of Clinton feeling you know I didn't go to the White House after you know numb nuts Devito said Alluding to President Bush ABC since he was bleak the phrase numb nuts But it was clear from reading the video So obsessed what he said numb nuts Oh sorry Joyce You're waking up aren't you? I swear way to joy be hard what's your name? Joy be hard Be what? Be hard Then mocked the President I'll go into the fence secretary Rumsfeld with goofy facial expressions He talked out of the side of his mouth And a one point repeatedly Banged his fist on his chin Three stouges style Well I think he was talking about Lotte Lotte Lotte Lotte What is going on? Trying to figure out what to do with our country And our women and men in the military Devito said Donald Donald OK What about that head trick last week Rumsfeld the house and senate Ta-da He's doing the conversation toward Stay in the White House's Lincoln Bedroom of the Life Actress Rear Prolement I slept in the Lincoln Bedroom with Rear He said we went in and we made it our business to really Reactor joint I mean every place in that bedroom was Utilized a Donald set utilized Devito said Utilized a really screwed Their brains out on every piece of furniture I'm assuming on a wall etc Good for them Devito finished a segment by talking about his new movie Not his condition But her battle didn't let the issue go When the next guest criminal mind started Thomas Gibson walked out she kissed him and said Nice to see you're sober. It's nice to be sober he said Devito will speak privately to view them mother Barbara Walden's Before making any kind of a statement His fellow system Rosenfeld told the New York Post Rosenfeld also represents the also equally integrated Highly overrated George Clooney who makes me not just if it Didn't see Serianna, don't see it go waste your time Don't waste your money There's nothing to see you know I mean see mad thing and a lot of other flex George Clooney Didn't see anything like hopefully in jail somewhere For impersonating a director I mean at such a piece of garbage Rosey other really bad movie he made that I was a screaming about George Clooney Yeah There was another one But Serianna oh god I'll get back to you I didn't good luck Good night and good luck Amen Edward our mirror is turning over to his grave He's he is changed smoking candles in his grave You saw pissed off about how bad that movie is And it was so highly touted on it Now that makes me very reluctant to go see Bobby you know Who's the one oh Emilio as the bird used to say estrovaz He's the one that contacted this thing isn't he? Emilio estrovaz Bobby? Okay, yes he did. Oh there's the phone I must be my package. Play music I'm not going to go down instead of the guy slacking it up here again This is gonna kill more time now I gotta go downstairs pay to got him money That's right So kill some time All right Man interrupted by reading this technical manual for my new hero HP's the devil by the one I was gonna tell you to play that cramer hit Dude What a good idea I didn't speak it go home Oh the better news he's coming up so I'll be around I'll be around Play I think I'll be around Are you want to hear me? But not yet I didn't know Just see where dancing to this here I get to lead I don't know You know people wish that they lived in other periods You know really do that stuff like that yeah a lot of times You know fun time like when you could rape it will you know It's curious or break anybody wanted those those kind of days Oh Another was a vocal That's some joy this What year are we talking about right? This is 30s Yeah Vocal Brian gave me a double disc that called about 30s Man get it Guess what it's from Who's inspired by all that Edison music I was playing when we were doing the show That's why he gave me a whole bunch of stuff And remember the old cartoons that used to watch when you were a little kid This is like all the background music came from this Which at least they found something to do with that This is tough Now you don't like your your dad's like a normal dad's that they're normal human age people You weren't raised by his name He's still like a period Sorry about that dad so just played a break in no question I don't know if you're going to break Okay, I don't get an exit or anything Come on, I'm not going to fire on you we're right now you want to do the break Well in that case The biggest name So the best talent to be the biggest is my hero Rockers Which when you find 60s A man A radians Dumb as dirt Do you Tom Cruise take this former party of five cast member to Have a do-oh Actually I was on Dawson's Queen Whatever this whole wedding just an exercise and shameless self-promotion anyway I do And you Katie Holmes take this closet adaction star to be our lovely wedding husband till Erreconsoluble differences You are at this point do I really have a choice Then by the power vested in me by L. Ron Hubbard I now pronounce you fake man and wife You may now pretend to kiss the bride and she's the best Who will have your time Show me what I'm going to do I don't have to sit on pins and needles waiting for the daughter Powered you know Canadian delivery guide like older really ugly guy But nevertheless nice guy very polite very you know very efficient Shut up the package right up here my fax machine 65 out and 55 I do like that what are you rip off Well, I'll tell you one thing. It saved me a hundred bucks. It's, you know, if I were to miss like a whole bunch of deliveries and had to drive up to the UPS building way, way, way up at the end of the world. Remember that time I had to do that for my Blackbird? That's right. Wow. That was a trip from hell. I thought we were going to the North Pole Land day. Pretty close. U.S. band sale of iPods North Korea. And I just mentioned my Blackbird and here we are with a story about iPods. I like that. I got nothing to do with it. The Bush administration wants North Korea's attention to like a scolding parent. It's trying to make a tougher for that country's eccentric leaders to buy iPods. What if they're talking about Kim Jong-Yu? Yeah, that'll learn them. Yeah. And I want Baldwin. They're making a tougher for that country's eccentric leader to buy iPods, plasma TVs, and segue electric scooters. How can we go on if we can't have our segue? Oh, boy. Have you ever seen anybody on a segue? Sure. We had one for a toy for a while. I mean, not at the house. They made it available. Here at the station, they made one available and I was able to write it around. In fact, for squashed it? No. You think I was going to let him on it? The US government's first step for effort to use trade sanctions. The personally aggravated foreign president and expressly targets that and believe to be favored by Kim Jong-Yu and I, with Baldwin, are mad Damon, are presented by him as a gift to the roughly 600 loyalist families who run the communist government. You'll be very just made by the way. And you better straighten your buddy Miguel out since you didn't want to lose him all the good movies. When he was on their fillet and for you last week, he won the day when he didn't know he was supposed to be working. And we got into a conversation about a team of American world police. He hasn't seen it. Oh, my goodness. And he said, oh, you mean to Walman the puppets? Remember that job? Yeah, no, we will. Yeah, he's hurt. I didn't know that. We'll have to remedy that at ASAP. How can a guy who is supposedly a hipster like Miguel, somebody his age in his realm, not know what they were talking about, a team of American world police? One of the best movies of all time. Well, he's married now, so his life is over anyway. Oh, that's true. You hear that, Josh? Trust me. How did he unless you and my other newfound friend? Oh, I would not let he's this smart enough. He ain't kidding me. Neither are you. Kim will introduce you to a secret nuclear weapons program. It's other options for team in the high-end consumer electronics on the right of them. He wants that the list of proposed luxury sanctions and team-wide news, associated press, aims to make Kim and Swanky life a lot harder, no more coniac, no more world-like swatches, no more cigarettes, no more faggots, artwork, expensive cars, Harley Davidson motorcycles, or even personal watercraft like Jet skis. The new band was sent even the musical instruments and sports equipment. The five-foot-three Kim is enthusiastic basketball fan. Oh, yeah. He must play on stilts. Then Secretary of State Medal of All-Bright presented him with a ball sign by Michael Jordan during a rare diplomatic trip in 2000. But he kissed Michael Jordan's ball. Kim's former secretary, widely believed to be his new wife, said to be piano with a pyeongyang University of Music and Dance. Experts said the sanctions ever being coordinated under the UN would be the first ever to Cretaila's specific category of goods, not associated with military bills over weapon designs. The first day won so tailored to an oil foreign leader. U.S. officials announced an enforcing the band on black market trading would be difficult. In Virginia, yesterday, U.S. and North Korea and on VoiceFailver reach an agreement on when to resume six-party discernment negotiations on Kim's atomic weapons program, Japanese Kyoto News Agency said it unidentified people at the talks, as saying the Kim demanded the U.S. free sanctions on luxury goods, other items imposed after North Korea's first nuclear test on October 9. For population, of course, in North Korea's impoverished and routinely servers, widespread social food shortages, a new trade ban would forbid U.S. shipments that are Rolex's French colonial act plasma TVs, U.S. and more, autumn's favored by Kim, but untainable by the slupper's who live there. What is an pathway to the most countries? The new dictators, the big shots, they get all the crap and everybody else still like a bunch of sluppers. That's realistic. That's right. That's exactly correct. She's showing Bush under and saying, I'm realistic. I think that's what we're going to describe him. I'm realistic and also unacceptable to describe the Bush monster. Unacceptable, Georgie, went and doubted, get to hell out. Oh my god, we got two more years and almost two and a year, because it's only the end of November. Lot of strength at the November day. How come I can't say that better than that? What do you can't say at all? So, you know, why do I have to apologize? That's me. What's we start doing a show in the bilingual, baby, bilingual and bisexual? Then we're going to take off like a rocket ship, like a rocket man. What's that? Captain of Cody. Commander Cody. Commander Cody in the, whatever, when the temple of doom. What was the name of that move was series? Oh, the name of the most. The rocket man. He was rocket man. Baby, I'm telling you, they hit that I want to be his eye. Huh? I'm going to be all funded on here. I'm moving, moving, moving, moving. I don't know. I want to silver silver thing, silver chance. This is, uh, dizzy heights and darling hearts would chest your conquer one of the keystone combat. Wow. Well, if it's right, I'm with the Al Jolson Crappy, we were playing before. It's an old show for old people with an old host and Georgian's getting loaded by the men. And that's why we like it? Sure. All the oldies all the time, was good enough for Rick Shaw for 100 years on the year. It's good enough to keep us going for least another week or two. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 50. Here's the fourth hand, the calls being back in. It's like, you know, slim and grim. A little bit of action over here, a little bit over there, not too heavy duty, you know? Exactly. I think the novelties already worn off, don't you? Orpil what? Then the blooms off the rose rose. WQAM, hello. You have more rooms there, maybe. Last one, WQAM, hello. Hello, I'm Neil the morning. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, listen. Um, I saw Matt's for the long before you started pitching it. Look at something, what you think. How does they put together that the ring they found in the second stone, the woman, Chris killed. How do they make you really movie for everybody else for crying out loud? Oh, I'm not talking about that. Get out of here, I'm trying to get rid of you and it, they're just dumped a call. Good. He didn't say anything, so it was a ring thing like that. They just, he just brought the end of a very good movie for you that we don't want to do. Am I right? Yeah. And addition, which of these two stupid figures that out, you shouldn't have watched it in the first place. There was nothing confusing about that movie. There wasn't anything any more confusing, then sticking your finger in a deep dark hole. Okay, pal. Nothing confusing at all. Well, that can be confusing. Just pointed and sticking. That's all. And wherever it winds up, just, uh, looking like that guy from, uh, Leftbridge, whatever the hell is story is that goofball. It's eating all the guts. I'll let, uh, haggiest. Uh, 545 votes on a pool. How's that the return out? Doing a good, 70 up to 5.7% excellent. See, they think that's like a shot. I think it's a great compliment. Return out. You didn't have to get lost. Retire. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Okay. Good talking. You too, schmuck. WCWM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, well, you know, you make one of your listeners happy if you die on the earth, because I need you to die and act for your, you know. Yeah. Oh, that guy, that's clearly a, it'll be a quinoa, right? Uh, I'm going to be creamed and baby. They're going to be no funeral. They're going to like burn my ashes. And then it can like mix them with my two dogs ashes, you know? That quite a cocktail. And they can throw them right there. It's a finished line. It would be good. Or they can sprinkle a line that my favorite, my sheenman. I could machine. They can shake. They can, uh, share some gold, but then I couldn't my sheenman. Do they allow smoking in there? No, they do not. I say no. They do absolutely not. What's to be because then they could afford you into an ice tray right there. And when asked trees are they're going to be born by a second. They're going to throw it. And when asked. We're also going to afford some faddle last into an ass trade. Okay. They would. That's where I'm for. Your ass joys all the way. I don't think we can find an ass trade. Big enough for it. You hateful. But let's talk about back there again. Okay, because I think we got to hurt for your place for the time being. You know, I think we're going to have her ass come down. Heetful nasty, wicked evil, which. 22 till one at five, 60, W. You can have no forget Curtis for the mad dog. Two to four this afternoon. And then the Humper is going to come along. He's out there doing calisthenics right now. He's running up and down 441. And probably making a few pit stops like it. Kentucky fried places like that. Subcenter. How you know, Chuck, over there if there's subcenter. You think they listen over there on the corner, cross the standard. I see him almost every morning though. You do you see Chuck? I thought I'm making the turn. He's outside. Is he way back? He's just way too late. Curtis, because he recognized me, my beautiful core vet. He probably doesn't recognize you. No, he's not even looking in that direction. Well, why not? Because he's over on the other corner doing stuff with the store. He's working? I am acting. Or is it supposed to be our similar form of sales people are busy or cranking and show. And then this guy's working. Like a real person. Hey, racing in poker fans, pompet of park racing in poker is that all the gambling action you want. Whether it's first class nighttime horse racing or playing poker in their smoke free card room with no long way time. You can have yourself a fabulous time of great night out of pompet of park. So come out and treat yourself from even your gaming fun and excitement. And now, pompet of park is headed Monday's to its live racing in poker schedule. So let me sit on our high payoffs for nights a week. Pompet of park features free admission and free general parking every day. And now live harness racing in the poker room or whatever you Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker gets set away at noon and the live racing gets set away nightly. 7.25 in a PM. No forget every Wednesday night. It's down at night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more. And every live racing that you can enjoy our primary buffet on the fourth floor for just 9.95. We're showing us your power player reward card. Don't have a power player reward card and set up for free at the park play skip shop at the Grandstead Infants. You can earn great rewards for betting on a races or playing poker in the street. Pompet of park is also of course open every day for you. 7 days and nights a week with cymbal casting the best in harness. Thur a bread high line action from all across North America. For you to watch and wait you on plunger lungs baby. Look out for a bread creamer on a far outside. Hit him again, Brad. Up in a year. Pompital park harness of block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule. Call 9.5.4. 9.7.2.2000. Or on the wickedweb. It's pompet of park.com. The biggest name. So the best challenge to the business. We all Roger S. Sports Radio 5.60. You A.M. Fuck it in and hold it. But federal government just learned about those people today. And you're reviewing Finisher's and most parties, Brown, offered no authority. And mostly great others, with a default price, take cost hundreds of dollars. My Brown, there's no one left to blame, I said, Browny. You're the government, shame, I said, Browny. Short careers up in blame, there's no one. I know who's or they enjoyed Bush. We'd better make them shut up before he says. It was you who messed up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things that he should do time. I was very responsible. I was way too dumb to run the F.E.M.A. Some people die when he ran F.E.M.A. You're a loser. Now that everyone knows that you're leadership votes, you can go back to your harsh shows. Today, both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony. Yeah, yeah, but it'll be quite a good one. About 1245 and 560, every few members, also some goofy thing in my space about Moe and Moe and Moe is on with the who we've got Lamar Thomas's and his own Monday with our sports overgiven morning show. Dolphins Monday, that's Lamar Thomas. Lamar Thomas. He bucked. To rail buckly? Yeah, I want to rail buckly, yes. He was a pretty weak when he played for the dolphins. Who else did he play for? He was pretty good for somebody else and he sucked with the dolphins. But at any rate, you're a patriot. That's right. To rail buckly was with the pay. Who else was with the Thai law? And what's his name? All these guys that we don't have any Wonders Duck kick in this. Now let's see the pay pits and alliances we get to girls team or plan. Where's that game? Is that a game in Fosper, I believe? He tells me, buddy. It's actually a lot of stadium man. Detroit. I don't know. Does it make a difference? Of course not. And the dolphins have a home game in Spiderman, which I was feeling yesterday. They got a home game against the Jacksonville Jail Ures, who are very mysterious man. One week they're really good in the next week they suck and then it's like most of the NFL. It's maybe awkward. You know, they got parody, which means mostly mediocre teams. And then of course it often is a really suck. But they got four in a row, baby. Yeah, you better jump on that dolphin bandwagon. Start pushing it. No thanks. You push like pushing the Thai roll pushguard in the New York. I think we'll all have to make a big trip to Europe to Amsterdam. Do the show from over there. And maybe we can get Bob removed to go back and make an appearance there again too. And it left him right out of town again. What a jackass. He just, he just left the poor engineer over there to pour a Dutch guy. Just left him in the lurch. You just got on a plane and then moved. Remember that call we tried to take that day. We had Rimmer calling. Of course that was a mistake. But you remember that? Yeah. When I was trying to do the show for my studio in Amsterdam. Wow. It was kind of like, oh, yeah. Can you hear me? I was kind of like that. It'll even better. Probably in the 69 votes on the poor Rickshaw as retiring. A legend after 185 years in the business after what? 46 years in Miami, I think since 1960. And Ricky Tickie announced on Tuesday and called us here on a show. If you missed that call, you missed really something. Great news. It was really. It was radio. It was like today. I don't want to say it. When I said it or not, I had that call. I was saying it was that. The call was said in the fact that he croaked is even said or but nevertheless. Now I tell you what the saddest thing is that he's still. He still had that desire to hear from the audience at the end of every month on his blog. He would open it up for comments. He still had that need, you know. And that was disturbing me. I don't want to say it. I didn't like said it. I'm going to say hey, cut the crap because it was his choice. It was his choice. Right. He knew what the kind of crappy was going to get. What kind of goofballs around there. You know, on the one hand, you got the people kissing your ass and on the other hand. Why did you go out with you to serve? I hope you a diet. What could you like that? That's what you got out there because it's Florida, baby. This guy did this UPS delivery guy that just came. I know it's a very minor thing. It's a civil league. But he was so freaking polite, man. He would like a puked your guts to shoot a tape tape. I said, would I have to have to have a pay 65, 55 cent of customs tape. And what I'm, I know what you said. I heard anything. I'm deaf or something for Christ's sake. Just because I'm old and female. I heard what you said. Take to this. Quitter. Tap it right to your. Yeah. Scroat. Come on. We're from 71 votes. The throat rhymes with scroat. Rick Shaw's retiring. What should he over time? Whatever the hell he even feels like a 9. 527.3% that's obviously the only acceptable answer. Who the hell are you? People would be telling me when to return. Of course I asked the question. But it was just a kill. Another day's quarter now. And got so a couple of good polls here. What was that other one here? Oh, I forgot I got it over here in the, that's it. The one from Robbie. He says, I tried. No, I don't feel bad, Robbie. It's a good one. I like that. It's a good poll. And the other one doesn't have a name on it. No. Real men don't eat Adi Adi Adi. Right. That's a good one. So this even if nothing else could happen. I started our live minutes. It's been a banner day for me. My stand by faxed my sheen showed up here. And the guy actually delivered it to my door. And a big, big, heavy duty boss. It's a good thing I have to slump that up here. Although, of course, we got these, you know, what do they call us things? But do they call them? Dallies. We got these. Dallies, baby. Hand truck. Well, kind of like that. No, it's a dolly. Not a hand truck. But whatever it is. So anyway, he slumped their right to my go. So that happened. Get out of the way. A lot of stress. I've changed emails with them when my very favorite people in the world. Even though he doesn't realize it yet, and I hope he doesn't. Anyway, whatever. Rich, boss, retiring, went your meal retire. Whenever he feels like in 503, never, 527. A very close second. Never retire. Just keep going until they come up there and drag your ass out. And they come out here. I guarantee you that I'll have him stop to the border. Any of these going from this company. Now, return now. 74. That's up to 5.8%. Retire. Now. And they're doing that just, you know, just to get in there a little bit. Like I care. I wouldn't care for like 95%. I'll return now. I'll return when I'm ready when I got enough money to go to woodbind every day. And then travel all over the freaking world, you know? In a few years, 45 soon, 13.9. I hate this fool. 11. Soon. Like, what did what it assume mean? I mean, I know I put it on there. This was strictly my pole. What is assuming? I don't know. Like this weekend. No, that sounds like good. I sounds like a plan. A plan of action, man. I don't think so. Santa majority of the day. We had this for you first in the world yesterday because I seen it there on CNN. So they must have a first thing by the good day. What is that bushload of tick? And there's a molecule. They had a postpone of mean till the day because they're trying to figure out what to do with that the Bonnie solder, whatever her name is. Remember Bonnie Tyler. This is Bonnie's side of her sister. That's a crap. All these schmothaids. Baby, schmothaids gone wild. You all got girls gone wild. This is schmothaids gone wild. And then there was actually somebody who was talking. This was most insane. One of the talking head shows there's only 6,000 of every day. They were going out about, well, if they put somebody back in power like Saddam Hussein, he just went through this bizarre trial. They're going to hang his ass. And we went to the supposedly all of this stuff was to get him out of there in the first place. Regime change and weapon demands destruction. And the fact that he was an evildoer in the threat to our society and the whole freaking world. Oh, well, maybe they have to put him back in there, which means of course they share the less of it on in the first place. Anybody would have a brain knows that. He was our evildoer. But what is kind of a religious fanatics? You need evildoer. And they're to keep them all in line. Keep them from killing each other. For murder and mayhem. That's the problem with these freaking ragheads, man. They're out of control. Ragheads gone wild. I think the Pope had a point there when you came right down with. Oh, gee. Can't say that. He had a plot right at the tip of his hand. Oh, he was right. But who's he to talk? Yeah, who now are you to be talking about religious fanatics killing other people. Making him an offer to the camera fuse. Who are you, Papa? I think we need an inquisition over there with a swish guard need to go in there and do what for. Maybe give him a nasty cup of tea. Maybe the Russians need to come in there and show him give him a little instruction out of poison people. Now, ready, poison one Pope not that long ago. But you're not supposed to talk about that. Just watch Godfather 3 instead. Ooh. I know it's a heavy price to pay. I like you see what a bishop goes flying. Oh, yeah, that's going up in here. You see that? The bishop has fated that movie so that all that, you know, the good stuff, the preacher stuff and then edit all the rest of it. I'm in Roth and there. Yeah. When he kept like that, get rid of all that soapy business. Yeah. That post-nacel grips in Rome. It's kind of a Jewish thing. You know, and of course, he's high in Roth. He was very Jewish. So, yeah, it's a Jew thing. I didn't know. Post-nacel grip. My uncle, Hyman, had that thing. Always like that. Yeah. Good guy, but if I drive you nuts. Yeah. Hi. Send him a journey leader, Bill Frissel, he said he won't run from prison. We had that on the air. As it happened, is they were announcing a man ran out of the box and everybody said, what? He will not run from prison as if he had a chance. Of course, and of course this morning, who's the guy for a timeville sack from I went out, he wants to be the president. You know, I want to be Ed McMan and have $50 billion in the bank too, but I'm not. Hey, oh, a high profile campaign draft up more than a year before the first convention delegate said chosen. In the Bible, he said, God tells us for everything there's a season and for me now, this season and being elected officials come to a close. He said, of course he was a surgeon. He surrendered politics in 1994. That's why he was able to diagnose Terry and her cheer by Washington around TV. Remember that? He said, all his balloons are moving. She must be breathing that bitch or something like that. He said he'll take us to medical from public life and we turned to his professional roots as a healer. And to refocus his creative energies on innovative solutions through seemingly insurmountable challenges American face, which sounds like a lot of high-fly and meaningless rhetoric like a bunch of political double talk. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bb like that crap. L-crapo. First, an ounce when he first ran for the Senate, they retired after two terms. Retired. That's it. Let's take a poll on some other people when they should return. George W. Bush. Now, I bet you do better than that than I did. His decision not to seek the one else. Thus, can't say 12 years, 10 intellectual politics which he rose from an underdog. In his 1994, from an updog, an 94 cent of campaign to be positioned to a majority leader of myriad years later. And of course, you know in every election there's a dog. Among the Republicans already explained what house bedmout we know about. Why do they put this in here like robots at children? Okay, who now wrote this? AP? David S. Bow. Good. God Almighty. Other potential geopolitic contenders include senators Sam Brown back of Kansas. God forbid, can you even begin to imagine that? Rather than. Sam Brown back who's got like a swastika on his forehead and Chuck Hager on the Branska. Chuck Hager was pretty good guy. I'm pretty moderate guy. Much to moderate to get the nomination just like Rudy Giuliani. Governor George Pataki of New York and Mike former governor because he's on the way out. Because Elliott Spitzer is coming in. He's the man in Dark Horse. And Mike Hacker, the Arkansas and Representative Duncan on the California. I'm trying to write now a great ticket will be Barack Obama with Elliott Spitzer. A Schwarzner in a Jew. Winepi Good. Horps for me. Boy, you talk about swimming upstream. I've streamed Democrats. You're good at doing that swimming upstream. I think that's the thing. I like Barack Obama a lot. I'm telling you right now. I think he's got a certain thing. You know, I mean, he's got like a he's got charisma. Yeah, he does. Obama had charisma. You know, that's right. Bush has got the charisma of a dead man. He, you can't complain about his charisma because he didn't have any. I mean, there's one thing that he's got that we all know about. Wait, does he have a lot of cuts by. But no charisma. But Barack Obama just got to ask. And of course, you say, well, what does charisma have to do with the, you know, I mean, there's movie actors got charisma too. Obama Arnold, he's got it. Our California shouldn't have anything to do with it. What else do they have going for? Except he's married to one of the Kennedy. You know, by the way, you're going to go see Bobby neither my. I don't see some fiction about Bobby Kennedy that doesn't have anything to do with the reality about all the extra bullets that they found in the pantry. There are the ambassador hotel and about who we need to kill them. And about, you know, let's get a movie that tells us something about the truth for quite a lot. And so the summer will emphasize BS because the media is the best of his daddy is Martin and she ain't gonna say him from the she and he helps. I like Martin and she. But you know, I'm not going to have him already. I'll tell you one good thing about Martin she and you know what that is? What's that? He's not your clone. The biggest name. So the best challenge to the business. We all Roger's sports radio 560. You A.M. Yes, hey, people that use snappy all-banner is for their show segments like that. One to two hour. Hello, this is Alba's kinder from Tony van Records. And fighting you American infidel, who buy latest cast Stevens collection. And you know my mom it is right. But take your head up your body. Got a machete with the real sharp blade. How I wish I had an American hostage. Make those in and out of the head. I was only shooting distracting. I was on the airplane. And suddenly with the details. They're mad you that I can burn. And wear a towel on my head. I don't know what I know. I'm being followed by an F-16. What do they want with me? The money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were a Jew. Find a skin. And a rag. If you want. A-D-Tain. Another variation on a classic. Woo! Woo! Yeah! And I'm myself every day. With some American champagne. Tell me who to harm this lady. Gonna make you never look at her. I'm trying to make her woman. She lived her valent exporter. So by no catch Stevens collection for table 1995. Or do you compare with Visa, Iceland, God, or weapons of nasty drugs? Oh man! That's one of my old time favorites. Not because of the bit itself. But just because of that phony muslim ranting. Which is all Indian Mon. It's all Indian. I think whoever the answer was, they had too much curry. 1305 on the pole. 1300 plus. That's pretty damn good for an old fart like me. I'll tell you right now. We're plugging it along. Speaking of people who are run for president or won't. Guess who is? I don't know. Maybe. Guess who is. Who likes to eat his dummy if the dummy then in Hollywood. Oh, what's his Clark? Wesley Clark said Tuesday wants to avoid waiting till 2 late to make a decision this year. Whether to run for president or staking made in his failed 2004 bit he said. They didn't want you west. It wasn't that you waited too long. They didn't want you. And they don't care for you to go to Ruben sandwich. That sounds really good for lunch though. Although I want you to bread. I will eat the bread. What's the big sentence? The root of pill. Huh? Just eat Ruby. What does he look like? I think it was clear that I got in 2 late last time. The retired general in the former NATO commander told the A&P. And in the view, I preferred lab laws to A&P myself. And Wegmans. Clark announced his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination of September 2003. Just four months before the first votes were cast. He didn't have a Chinaman's chance in a purgatory. He dropped out of the race the following February with the only victory in 14 caucuses and primaries coming in Oklahoma. And who doubt cares about a Democrat in Oklahoma, right? Right. Clark is considering running again, but he said the late star was one of the mistakes he learned from his last attempt. There was an inability to create a staff at a timely fashion car said. I didn't have a campaign manager until the end of November. I had no money. I had no strategy when I started and I was gagging on a Rubin sandwich. Pussy didn't even order the kishki for quite an hour. How can a panter the old Jewish vote in South Florida when he don't even need the kishki? Do we still have a who stole the kishki by who doubted it? I don't know. I don't know. The polka guy. I look. Who stole the kishki? See you didn't think there was such a thing and then the chicken I found it. I'm not in there. Oh, I got it. It was my only faith based initiative. He said it was one of several mistakes that if I were to run. I hope I wouldn't repeat whatever that means. His only faith based initiative. What does that mean? I don't know what that means. Clark said one factor that changes the number of candidates who have announced their intentions or formed a score to a campaign. The president's Frankie Ankev took off that. Is this Frankie Ankev? He's Yankev and it's a who stole the kishki? I've got a record to believe. Maybe not. Who curious? Wait, I can't get to the local? See, you stopped the kishki? No, stop. Stop because I thought that was enough. No, I want to hear a little of the vocal man. Well, what would I want to say? That's the squeeze meal of the quote. He's going down to play on a harmonic class. 1309 on the pull. Let's just find. Let me see if the phone is pretty modest. I'll get to it. See, you've got to find that balance, baby. It's like trying to balance a elephant on your knee. You know, is it not easy balance? It's a very difficult balance. Isn't it? Oh, yeah. No, it's not. W to cue away. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Good sir. I'm glad I'm sitting on a fondly guy around the writing about rich, y'all retiring. Isn't that pathetic? He announces it Tuesday morning. The hardest splashed at all of their websites. They haven't been a paper yesterday. And the Sun sent all just discovered at this morning. What a bunch of losers. I hope tomorrow. And they write about the Titanic sinking or Neil Armstrong landing on the moon. They've Lincoln had a bad headache too, don't forget. Hey, I don't know if anyone told you. I apologize that they did. Game show network on Sunday night. They had the match game. The real story behind the blank is what it was called. Really? Yeah, it was really good. I had no idea that it was on in 1962. And I had no idea that everyone hit it, Richard Dawson. Like boys. Yes, they did. They did. They did. They did. Huh? They couldn't stand the guy. Because he was an e-existible bastard. And he thought he hated the fact I'm going to show you. And at the end, the winner would pick one of the panelists to match. Remember? And he thought that he automatically should be here every time. Because he was such a genius and such a superstar. And it shouldn't be Brett or Charles Randall's other losers. And that's why they blew him off the show. That's why they installed that wheel. This band, so they had a chance to get the other people. And on the first night, on the show that they did that, it landed on Richard. So they thought that was kind of funny. But yeah, they hated him like boys. And of course, don't forget when they hit family feud and they brought him back after Ray Coleman blew his brains up. And he brought what you got about. He was like 400 pounds and suddenly he was drunk. Are there sure I said? He sounded like we said that in the middle of the whole time. But like Dom Deloitte. Yeah. Later on. See, all of Bert Reynolds wasn't having dinner with him. What do you think about Bert Reynolds and Dom Deloitte? You think there's like a little something there. Maybe they're just close like Oprah or friend Gael. Get the funny tune. Yeah. Oprah and Steadman of course, Steadman's got a beard. Sarah Soda. Almost since the time when you got to hear this, this is about Florida can't take the whole election and get it right. Almost since the time the votes were tallyed on election night and served so that the race for Florida's 13th congressional district has been surrounded by a contentious mystery it says. Why would there no votes for Congress recorded for more than 18,000 people who chose candidates and other races they ask? The answer is sent to a lot more to the outcome of the election, which for now has been won by Republican Burnview Cannon by a mere 3659 votes and his in litigation. Also the continuing debates of what the electronic voting system is in use nationwide can yield reliable tallyed and weakens, and of course the answer is, you know, of course not. So far there are three theories and lots of political and legal posturing. Maybe as scores of voters have said there were glitches with the touch screen systems and they drop votes, or maybe voters overlooked the congressional race simply because of a confusing ballot design, or maybe as some say, and a stoundingly high number of Sarah Soda County residents decided to forego voting in the high profile race, which is for the state of the function of Russian Catholic and Harris here about a claim. And who presided over Florida's Lussian apparatus during the much disputed 2000 contest between Bush and Gore. Tuesday has said Lussian officials in sorry soda ran a mock-a-lussian test in machines for defects that were no clear answers. By evening as political workers input votes, no major problems were reported with the machines must have if you will continue to the week. Our analysis of the results shows that something went very wrong said Kendall coffee who never met a camera, a reporter or any media outlet that he was in his head. And attorney for Buchanan's Challenger Christian Jennings. He played out of significance of the test saying they didn't replicate the voting because the state clerical workers were presumably more adept to the machinery than voters in general would be. They were better with the machine, man. They know how to operate a good machine. Hayden Thempstein attorney for Buchanan said, there's nothing wrong with the machines as these tests show. I've had to record a voter from Buchanan and thought it was pad. Hey, Rick, you redneck. George Hatesew. The essence of these updated spout arises from the fact that once all the votes were counted in November 7th election, a troubling anomaly appeared in the tally. More than 18,000 people who had voted another contest didn't have selections recorded in congressional race. The phenomenon of voters casting ballots without making selections in every race is known as under voting and happens in virtually every big election, especially in contests for less than an orifice of the Semboaters ignore. But here's the big but. Okay. Did he die or something or what? No, wait. Oh. But the magnitude of the under voting in the Buchanan Jennings race was startling about 15% of those who can't spell some service order. Now, contrast was about 2.5% among voters in other counties. 15% count them in sorry soda where I used to work at WSPV out there on city island. What a beautiful place. We're like a lot of you think the people in, in market are old or the people in. Boca. They're grandparents live in sorry soda. Good. God. What an ancient place. Jennings invites five of the loss of legend that thousands of service order county votes were not counted because of the pervasive malfunctioning of electronic voting machines. The county kills in her favor. The broken machine through is backed by two voting experts and scores of swarmsfamets from voters who had trouble with the machines coffee said they were bad machines mine. Like several of the ones that would buy. The soda soda hell tribuners reported that more than 100 reported problems with the machines. But other experts who analyzed the ballots and results are given that the culprit might not be the machines. But rather voters confused by a poorly designed ballot. The congressional race appeared on the same screen as the Gubernatorial Contest, which had a brighter paner and took up more space. And like big bright lights like hey here you go. Here's Charlie Chris. 10 soccer. They Massachusetts Institute technology. MIT directed the Caltech MIT voting technology project. Said test in his library showed that as many as 60% of voters can resist when they're displayed in such a man. So, but I think they have a repo which is what they're calling for. Right. Let's do it again. Do it again like the beach boys would say. Do it again. I know you got that. We keep playing that over. And what's that? Cool. Oh, I love that. I only play that once I can about the last in a dog's age. Speaking of sick as a dog. Here go. That's just might be coming up right after the break. It didn't realize that we were playing the both at the same time. You were playing one. Do it again? Because it was like in simultaneous orange gas. Wow. I was having a sexual experience with it. 1328 votes on a pool. And let's see. All right. This is 6% retired. Now, all right. If we get up to 90%. How was the name? So, this tell me a bag of money. I'll figure it out. Roger. 4. 4. Radio 5. 60. 8. And. Florida. Panther's hockey. Drop. I'm sorry. It's just a story. I'm sorry. It's just a story. It's just a story. It's just a story. It's just a story. It's just a story. It's just a story. It's just a story. Take him to my office. OK. Number four. 50. Guys. Alright. We're supposed to have 40 of those in their seats too. We're supposed to have 50. . Altamite. Burns. sprechen? North Carolina. berage and biscuits in Java? Are you going to vote? Lines? so right. Jerk in drugs and sex, forgive for AP. SHITTER. Thousand pounds, gay, shenanigans, gay,chimp, We don't have to pay attention That a set of clean items can be met Then go try and push with your new And call the stars I know it's with all of you That's it To the right sword The two were still The ride pushes away the fire Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Down, down, down, down The ride keeps us safe Right, keep us safe You're not gonna stand around And you're gonna pull down Down, down, down And check for the heart Don't push it, because it's empty We're in both battered hoop Or what you're gonna go Like a trick or push to With it on that side, the sky don't let up That just the advance crew is looking Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Well, that was a great fit We need to play it a lot more all the time This is what my end, okay? Screw us again, stick it to us Keep fixed any elections, keep with your machines Ma, the die and over here bold machines You gotta be pretty bold to die like that 3036 quotes on the pool I just mentioned it in passing in the phone is a week Very week Now that's a pool we could take every day The calls are back, what do you think now? We could do that every day Sure, right? At least what's a week? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 What I think is it's only Thursday New folks are pretty much already out of material You know, all these moving forward time They things go in and the world Like we got that big storm coming this week in here Snow and sleep, I gotta put on my tracks on my shoes Thank God for George for sending me in If you really think I'm putting those on man, you must be dreaming What are these days? Why? What are these days? It will be really icy out there And if you're smart, you will And if I'm smart, I'll stay in Okay In fact, it's already what was in before I told you It was like 50 or something It's already down to 41 The temperature is dropping The rain is going to start that It's going to become freezing rain Mixed with four reasons snow and schmutz And stuff like that And you know what, I still rather be here any day the week I don't care if we get snow up to my eyeballs And if it was minus 85 Fahrenheit I still would make any difference to me That's how much are we via the whole concept of being in Florida We've violet and grossed out by nauseated One of the peeped my guts out from it Not even just to mention that studio Oh brother But I should see any of the Americans in progress And they're thanks to your pinlife Some people I've been held George has a pinlife It's not a pinlife, it's a jackknife Whatever the hell it is A rakejack Fife Ha ha ha ha Oh boy 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Palm 5, 60, leave a rise in singular Wireless lines Very weak action on the phone Do you call this action? Even the unit gets more action in this This is pathetic WCWM hello North air sea in here is like only one of the line flashing That's it We want the colors back Well where the hell are they man? Where is their material? And can it be felt? WCWM hello Hey now, how you doing Neil? Yes sir I just want to have my two cents And on the other college I said I think more Josh and less Georgia Not as a challenging but more responsive Yeah when he talked to Georgia He's talking to the background Oh yeah I got a lay in a Go k Lay a big egg You're able to do it with a lay of big one And sit on it Seeking in hatchet Same old tire banana Seeking he wants to adjust That's all he wants to do It's fine You can go back and get that Call her idea on it Maybe you guys can hook up a little later on Josh is self-loat number is 9, 5, 4 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 That's the number to reach a man And Palm 5, 60 I mean Verizon Oh now I said that the lay caught up See how many delays we got We'd you say About third man Because of the stern days we got delays We got delays up the old shoot baby Up the Q Unbelievable How many delays we got And it's we got Tom Believen Let's stick the old Q His buttons See how that works out And believe me, many of these colors That's where they belong WQAM Hello Neil Yes sir Hey Hey Hey Michael Trader Hey It's creepy car I'm still working to find that there For a Zino, how now would I know I'm not Not in that building Thank God Is he still out there guys? Of course All right Well last time I was in there You know, hey Well yesterday was kind of War me some tickets to the ball game I'm coming in there to pick him up You know last time I was in there He was you know, sizing me up They're pretty good So okay, good Dominic QAM Hello Sounds like swishful thing Can you make sweet heart? QAM Hey, Neil, how are you thought about doing A power hour? I mean was someone No What do I need to power hour for? What do you mean by that? Don't you understand? Don't you understand why they do that? Oh, ready? No They do it because they're both being paid to do three hours And they're only five hours in there How do you divide five by three and get two? You don't So they have to do like three hours One of them has to be together That was the I bail them out on that I used to want to come up with that idea What kind of I want to do a power hour? What kind of how do I get out of here? Am I going to do a power hour? Am I going to do a power shower? Okay Am I sticking to nozzle right in your shoe? I'm not here What is with these people? I have no material I think that guy on my my space I think he had a point I would allow myself to be led by the nose By public opinion Led right down the garden pan And by George who hated those bedtime stories Like our passion That's right And by Josh who just taught student Much is nothing I just said That's what he said What the hell was that all about? Everybody knows their role on this show And everybody is a fine Wonderful job except Miguel of course Who's busy doing my space And thank you very much for it by the way Did I say that when I came on the other one? Yes you did Hey listen you know me I'm going to vote And an old emotional cripple okay Old emotional fact I try to find out The meat response that you're like Right Wounded and hurt and like you know It's just like a copy of you know Because it's not most people's primary email address They check it whenever They're my space messages Yeah So you know Hey listen I'm a pretty important and potent guy Yeah Yeah whatever you see It's just more that fantasy But what we talking about yesterday The same thing about how much of our lives is like fantasy Hmm See I just don't understand When you're like in a shopping mall And you see somebody who looks really really good at it Like you just like put a leash around the neck And grab them and take them home And they have your way with them Well it's a part of time you could Well so what's wrong with that? I think it's a good idea And they probably wouldn't join Have a good one on their place And they're talking about abusing Men more like you know Well sometimes they're not compliant Unless they want to be abused And then apply them God I just don't understand this world But then again you do the best you can It's what you can do That's my motto in life Do the best you can Especially when you work for A-holes WQAM Hello I'm gay Working grandulations WQAM Hello What I was Charlie Christ QAM Hello I knew Yes ma'am Hi I just wanted to tell George I missed some last week First Thanksgiving when he wasn't around I missed you too And I want to And I want to ask you last week for Thanksgiving When you work around how come I have two lines Punched up They're going And thank you for being my my Space friends I have you on my top friends with and I add Incredibility to my life Oh my god And I really like to picture With a little glasses on it so adorable It is Nick you The doctor are the one It's better than the caricature I'm a little okay You guys have a great day And you too Bye Okay she I just not can both of them Well I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a sunshine I lay two lines of punch up for some reason there She sounded way more interesting than him anyway Yeah well I'm sure she would Because she wears a skirt and dress on Right there She's got booby That's right So yeah I'm clear right he didn't sound interesting She was bubbly She was fun and she was very nice What Why you're not going to guy Maybe he had something to be important I'm sure he didn't but maybe he did He maybe that was the car It was going to turn this whole car I think all around you know Like oh you think the dolphins can run the table Yeah run this I think that often saw the height under the table is what I think I think any team that's got jewelry here and did a quarterback I'd be thinking very seriously of taking all the rest of the games And see the thing be Detroit out to get ready Quinn Is that what you're thinking trash Not Drift doesn't care All he cares about is that maybe the bucks might win one more game before the season is up And I don't know what their schedule is but boy I wouldn't be I wouldn't be I wouldn't be playing the other that's right The penguins this week The sailors That's right I'm going to be playing the freakin and by the way The fact that Paul stagger walls stabbed Mike Lang in a back in Pittsburgh and got to TV gig and Mike is doing a radio now Paul stagger walls Okay, let me just tell you that right now he couldn't lick Mike Lang's Jocstra He's got nothing with that game That's in San Jose and Minnesota Oh, but I want to watch Minnesota my god never been to Minnesota A lot of Swedes there a lot of anti-Semites Maybe that's why never been there We're going to a Minneapolis Saint Paula Twin Cities Guess I have and beautiful area Clean lots of lakes Oh, like Florida beautiful areas just around people All that the people were very nice to me Or they were friends there Maybe like the Canadian people To break the road Related back like the UPS got like to the movies Too bad he was so damn ugly and old 27 past one at five sixty WDQ and for over 20 years Miguel and Caesar at my middle age Jordan has been offering beautifully hand crafted one of a kind Designer jewelry writing instruments and precision time pieces too Whether you're shopping for yourself or looking for a really great gift this holiday season Here is the answer for you make this table with something really special From I'm Lake Stoolers My name is Jocers has a town in Jorri from Damianny and Markov Betego Whatever kind of designs from Elizabeth Taylor's house or Taylor Jorri Designer jewelry from Kathy Ireland, Philippe Cherial and Leslie Green Plus my name is Jorri speeches one of the largest collections in the universe A brightening time pieces anywhere including the brightening for Bentley Collection Brightening has been creating precision time pieces This is way back in 1884 and I have the ideal time piece for you This is my middle age jewel is a 6755 mince memory lakes Exit north by 67 have off the palm nettle Call 305 362 6446 362 6446 and this year finds some fantastic holiday gift ideas at Miami Lakes Jewers The biggest name so best talented this is We all rockers for Shreddie of 560 You A L Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami The never-bu-bu-bu The never-bu-bu-bu The never-bu-bu Miami has the dolphins and here we go again On the other losing season The snow is gone and you're ain't never when they never will When I will never know My sports show Australia picked them Though in the Super Bowl there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number I'm an angel of the lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins The same old story Nothing new The dolphins are such losers They really aren't white-lain I knew it from the fairies car I watched up hits for games And did you see the wimpy way Exzave and through that flag Standing on the sidelines They look just like a bag And they're the fairies Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number I'm an angel of the lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins They're problems Victor Them white-lume The dolphins lost a football wall And then they pan-a-seed It's only five-year-long They pulled out a victory And then they played the Texas And almost made me sick That stupid, two-point pass plate That fumbling on sight kicked in there But Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number I'm an angel of the lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins All in Dolphins All in Dolphins All in Dolphins But dolphins can control the ball They're running games flat As for their execution Well, I'd agree with that They're always gone A bowl of lead of that You can be sure And when they leave the field So have the stench of common Or in there But Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number I'm an angel of the lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Is there another shot of blue Rubber Mark Whoa You're the star But dolphins have no strategy They play like idiots Another couple games watched Of the spirits and jets I think they're all retarded It's almost like their curse Esties and Taylor and Zectom Which team is the worst And they'll say Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Number What the hell 42 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Now they're proof I hear so damn negative Meow, why can't you jump on the band And they won't fall in the road They're going to win a Super Bowl And they're kicking ass in the Seven areas back on track And Yadiyada Anybody believe that No, I don't need her I think they suck A newborn baby Boy was left this morning The fire station in Lotto Hill According to police There we go, George As a chance for a boy You have two girls as a chance for a little boy I'm good Thanks The baby who appeared to be about Just two days old Was left about 634 Far from a fire station number 14 At 791 Northwest 31st Ampheus Lieutenant Tundra King said The station is run by the VSO It's far rescue department The baby was in good condition Thanks God And wrapped in a blanket Well maybe it was cold And they had like a warm it up in the microwave Just kidding now Just kidding okay There he is being insensitive again He is like the dolphins and he hates babies He's like WC freaking fields without the stovie What do you think? Thirty seconds No, I wish I could have a stovie I'd love my stovie I missed that But I quit him We took a quick Swaping stovies man I was like, I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just a little bit scared I'm just saying, well, well, well Doesn't stick in there I say, I've got a quarter longer Like, eight, eight, eight, and a minute Not a problem I'm an omlet man So what should I do? Have an omlet for lunch You're going to rest around Get a room in sandwich There's your problem, have an omlet Absolutely I'm waiting lost going into white dressing Because you know what Saturday is It's WS Would buy inside of it? Yeah I'm glad that the parents or mom are dead Took the child there, King said They wanted some of the fine and safe And that's what it appears to happen This would be the big mistake in the plantation general At least they didn't put in a trash can Or it dumps through something like that The parents will not face charges King said, I'm the Florida safe haven law A parent can now What do you kind of allow us this? A parent can And honestly drop off a newborn within three days of birth And any fire station or hospital Will not facing charges As long as the child shows no sign of abuse But I wish you knew about that law George I did You didn't know? I don't make my problem Other people's problems It's just that other people make their problems Your problems, your problems, yeah I wouldn't go the other way That's the way it goes I take care of my duty Go the other way, would have been a different kind of life But possibly To us for me Works really well for me And my friend Jacob said he doesn't care He's open-minded But not that open-minded 1352 votes on the full Rickshaw is retiring By the way, a son said, I'll just discovered today The Rickshaw is retiring And that president like it's got a bad headache And prison, Garfield got shot Other than that, everything is hunky-dory Rickshaw is retiring, one should be over-tired It's anifty pool The one for tomorrow And I wish one should I use for tomorrow The one about real men don't throw away In fact tomorrow I think is George Rodriguez Friday, isn't it? Oh yeah? I want to help with this start then I think we're going to start there We need soon Monday through Thursday sounds like Then it could be WF tomorrow WF? Oh, would buy Friday Yeah, maybe I'll find me a good machine mine I think I got to start going to the $5 machine There you go Huh? I play longer on law I don't know how that works actually No, you play longer on the dollar machine That's correct The small of the nomination The longer you're going to play Although these quarter machines have the digital ones We can play like up to like 40 coins or whatever Like every time you're playing you play like 10 bucks You know it's just crazy But it's only quarters Yeah I see See when you add up a whole bunch of quarters together It returns out to be like a series amount of money But nevertheless Here comes the money and there goes your money Rickshaw's retiring, one should kneel retire We're asking the audience Is it what we really care what your opinion is And we don't Whenever he feels like it's 636 47% Never 557 We could never live without this show We don't want to call him And we don't want to like we don't can't stand those bedtime stories We just want to leave him there like in a catch 22 And we hate this But No, that's right Never 557 That's 41.1% You put those together and got like 88% What a self serving rotten pole is it is And if there's one thing I cannot stand it said Kissy kissy kissy all the pain course And who's doing a kissy kissy kissy If I'm doing it you know somebody pretty damn good Now We're going to say now Retare right now 80 5.9% It's bubbling under that 6% total Gifts to 6% for its really dangerous Then that means you've lost contact with your audience They want you out They want your John now And here you are What are you laughing about? You've gotten your followers out there Those living and breathing punks You want to know where to buy some good weed I was headed In a few years 48 I hate this pole 18 Only 1.3% And soon 16 Whatever that is 1.1% say return as soon 13.55 Pretty good total on there Although the listeners online They are way down Way down and you wonder why Because your calls have sucked today They haven't been a lot of number one And number two the ones we've put on here Most of my wooden wish on Heinrich Kimber and Joyce Fitch How do you like that? That's right That's right That's saying that all George Bush I would wish him on Condom pleaser I would wish him on Heinrich Himmler Where what a hell he is How do you see about that? Russian guy got the Russians got poisoned again They're really good Practice makes perfect I wonder if their poisoning Josh is vodka The biggest name So best talent To the faces We will rot your ass For Shreddie or R$60 You A M Or it's free to radio It's like the few more You A M That's the new For all those who are in There are never happy Never get laid And stay warm All alone You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M You A M Yours Yours Yours Yours Yours Yours Yours Yours Make God Um To makea tenure Oh no friction Kas Oh,- -ute- sul- One forty-six guess who's not running for president also we've got a Fourier these and I'll spend three this is pretty damn exciting isn't not okay well first of all who the hell is who that guy from i always anyway what else is name i forgot already who he's running and then uh... what's his name was they clerk he may be running nobody cares he's running right to the village is some kishki why do i miss that place i might even come down here if that place was still open but they're not on um... all in road yeah this those days more than the bill on the beach over on the beach to tell you where we used to get the kishki what was it that the bill of the very good season he doesn't forget food that's right the bill of the only one of many good things on the beach that is a fear like the famous the joseb had pushed up and all your people came in so i'm a people really what i said sorry about that then i said not really well why not wasn't living there either time i think barber catman calcephan thinks about they think he's rolling in her grave to public say boy you are secretary state uh... state county's arrest is insisted he does not plan to seek u.s. presidency in 2008 while healing women's growing role in world politics interview with the french tv oh please please don't please don't drop on this bitch nasty hateful sal i'm very glad that women are running and women are winning in many places where he's told tf one television late yesterday i was the t-hour-wrainer president johnson's sir leave of library and president basalae in tilae but i won't be one of them she told the chairman from the need to summon in the lefty in capital of riga and he was an academic at heart an academic tart hopefully his eyes secretary state can help the west to achieve some very important miles to what is that to noty python but i haven't played that in a very long time what is that call which one of the intellectual tart what what is that oh thank you very much way thank you but i have a play that in a long time and that's your fault for not reminding you uh... is that you sure that's what i'm not no it's called f u very much but it is wrong with you i know you don't want to say it's like this little number of the other i can't duck hunting with a judge my bag and please a good lot thank you very much tf cc thank you very much for finding me five thousand bucks of food is for a really adamant as more than high advice was john jimme so you very much the f cc for proving that free speech could isn't free clear channels and dear channel so how it's done let's go at early general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so he's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly mo so if you want to very much yeah that you very much dear mr bush or heroically sitting on your tush or hallyburton and run all the companies of ale let's send them a clear signal and stick martha straight in jail she's an opportunity rich rich and a Jewish she isn't well so if you want so then very much so you think you're a true you and everything you do your pace may come as be a fate you haven't gotten lost as far as i'm concerned your gist up a steepest days don't fall and as for con delisa she's an intellectual so if you also very much so you get in much the EPA for giving all the askers all away it really is a bummer when i can't film my homo the ozone the no-go zone now that our balls here to say the new clear intergames are going to take place in ale so if you also very much so what the planet fails let's save the great white males you also very much all right what did i love that it's just a beautiful thing we can the pope pope ended at sixty this is trapped off on the edge but then again we don't care because i'm not reading bedtime stories anymore that's why there aren't quite as many people listening online as they're used to be for those people were glued every day and i would get to make the transition phase get some of the really good colors on like this one q a m hello uh... yeah i just want to add a question i don't need to be get on the uh... airy we run right now palty would tell you right now you run the air to your moment in the sun giant oh fantastic well meal i've been going go ahead i've been asked that the sun is played is that really air guide also you got to have something that is absolutely correct to it is air kindle uh... it's pretty cool well that's it if i'm wearing a no thanks you okay you've got it see that was a little bit really archival it's your side of like in the me and it is him i mean how could anybody do that could have been air kindle right that was air mobile is there a title pope and it is sixteen students and i'm at a station speaking of i'll and one of turkey's most famous mosques today in a drama and it's chopped off the potters of marks looking violence on the teachings uh... in a dramatic aftermath i guess a dramatic something about after me there's nasty but very true comments about the problem of having and about that gutter religion of Islam and about all the violence and stuff like uh... catholicism the public company by his long-and-cleric bounties had for nearly a minute inside the 17th century blue mosque and only the second visit the uh... as predecessor jr. Paul the two visit the mosque in Syria in 2001 the mosque was added to the benedic schedule as a sign of respect during his first paper trip to a muslim nation he removed his shoes be his little red shoes he took him off on air like a desert the old poe really more than a hundred years more than a hundred and fifty years more you're watching on cnm and was on christian and the mission field you see that he was like not it off and he's like dying over there some did you see that no i did mosque he was like past out of that's the old one he's all like the slob at his land he didn't want to stuff around all over our room i'd tell you one thing there's plenty of slupper's in role make no mistake about that i'd even actually roll my book or you would sure like it there man at his really someplace whoa the paper moved to shoes before and remeber carpeted expanse of the mosques which is officially known as the soft and osc med mosque something rather but it's why they call the blue mosque after it's a labored blue tiles mmm the purpose often by wearing images of reconciliation to muslim since arriving and turkey on Tuesday including appeals for something which is chopped off uh... become the first resolution in the european union but benedic is also said on his own demands uh... after a deeply symbolic display of unity with the ecumenical patriarchy by thaw me the one the spiritual leader of the world's christian orthodox uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... he said the divisions among christians are a scandal of the world how do you like that a scandal of relic all those catholic priests molesting all those uh... young boys a scandal of the world of anybody on a no-bots scandal it's al papac the biggest name so best i'm not like this is real rotors how long you five sixty you uh... it's day oh by every time you have five six oh you're a you you it's been worth my attention that you're rating the diet and how well i don't want to show you what a big ass and i was to you and how you don't even find somebody who doesn't have to fill my baby pants amazing okay right now jigs i love to be coming back okay i'm tired of considering a look where to be in counter-ed hmm if you want to know what i'll say if i'm shut that transmitted of an ounce why that's easy show oh oh oh oh Oh oh oh AND and and sir and  I'm not gonna be here. I'm gonna be here. I'm gonna be here. I'm gonna be here. Bye bye.