Actually, Neil's time. Better late than ever. How are you? I was just mean about the exercise in your sixties and it's one of the best things to do is to walk to work every day. So okay. Okay. I did. I walked to work. I walked to your bedroom to your uh, I'm okay. Yeah. Feel a little bit of a trip for me. I'd never make it. Oh, you'd make it. It might be a week late, but you'd make it. Got some good news from right now until noon. In fact, I tell you where you can go right now. You have plenty of time. You could probably walk here. I don't know where there's a Starbucks anymore. The station, but it's gonna be one. I think up the street. Well, that's not gonna be in time this morning. At more than 7500 Starbucks around the country between now and noon. In a promotion of the National Coffee Break, the Starbucks is offering customers a complimentary cup or first they'd rude coffee. Awww! They're expected more than a half a million 12 ounce cups. And for customers who can't make it to the restaurant, Starbucks employees will take coffee to them using mobile sampling venti vans and insulated coffee backpacks. Is that venti or yenta? Yinti. I think my job was to make the coffee. I don't care. Who you are? You're fair. The promotion comes a week after McDonald's rolled out. It's new high in coffee. So I guess this is the countermeasures. Did they talk about, I guess I don't know if I mentioned it on the year, but they had a taste testing on CNN coffee last week. Nah, and Burger King won. Almost everybody on the panel and the people they had they interviewed. They were like a blind taste test. They had McDonald's, they didn't have Starbucks. They had McDonald's, don't condone it's in Burger King. And Burger King won. We want to enter house. Okay. Because the price is right. And you'll be on hold, Rice very jackass. Yeah. We mentioned that earlier. Hold it Barry. It's like I've been telling you guys that the San Antonio doesn't measure up. Not big enough. Yeah, same with Barry. So I heard. That's what Mommy said. And of course we got that panther situation with that fight out our walk up thing. I'm still a lot real happy about that and I bet you there are a lot of other people really myth. You make no difference. If I was going to go, if I were there, I would have gotten my parking passes anyway. How about the state and what they want to do the parametrials on slots? What is that? No ATMs. Ours would not be allowed to give freebies to entice gamblers. Right. Poverty can't. They have to pick out the poker. We can't bring more than $10. Another net is going to be great. Yeah. Have to take out the poker tables. Just one more good reason to stay away from Florida boys and girls. It's a joke. Everything that anybody tries to do with it. Like deep-six it, we're even getting off the ground. Shoulder to count down. How many days are this? The list of governors gone. Why? You think it'd be replacement going to be any better? Keep it. I mean, if we get that Charlie Christ. You're fair. Oh, brother. He's not going to get in. He's going to have some personal issues that are going to come to the forefront before I election. He hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in the North Pole. I think you're wind up with the nomination. Whenever he's up to know if we got a governor named Christ, I'm going to be perfect for Florida. The way things are going. I know Charlie. Do you? Yep. Well, I'm happy for you. You know everybody. You still work in baseball. Charlie Christ? Charlie Christ. Yes. They did a little bit in the locker room today. Nope. I'm sure I know why. He was a... He worked in the boy. He was an attorney and he worked for the minor league all the time. The minor league all the time was in San Piazza. The minor league is perfect for him. I think that's exactly it. Yeah, this is a fan asked governor who remains wildly popular because he's done so many wonderful things. I just don't get it. But I'm giving up trying. You know, it's like certain things in that place. I've just given up trying. Just the sun is shining here. It's a beautiful sunny day. It's the plus territory in the temperature. And what's not to like? To a clock I'll be racing out that door. And then of course tomorrow we got Marlon's baseball. Oh, God, why love those Marlon's? At 12.15 or less. Now we did take a little bit of a preview of Paul this morning, which South Florida protein mario season ticket older of. 90% and none. Dolphins 29, almost 5%, more than one and nine, the heat nine, Marlon's 7, Panthers 7. Not too many. Not too many of my crowd. Now if you took that poll it'd be a lot higher because you have to sports nerds. Yeah. But not my crowd. And of course the Dolphins 29 is only because of the fact that it's not too many. Well first of all because that's the only game in town. Really a number two that holds like 75,000 people again. So they're going to be more so you and they actually have large number of season ticket holders. Yep. When should we be like to know what the honest numbers are of season ticket holders for like the Marlon's and the Panthers? The Marlon's is probably around 4,000 now I would guess. Shit, I didn't hear. No way. They were there's a reason. Less than that. I'll tell you why. Yeah. They wouldn't let the people out from last year. Remember if they wanted to buy postseason tickets? Yeah. They had the renew season tickets for this year. And they're not letting them out of that deal. I'll be damned. I just had to send off three grand to the Panthers for season tickets. Which of course I'll get reimbursed for our clearance for a season ticket. That's okay. I just sent the 19 grand for heat season tickets. That's a 19 grand. Yep. What the? You sit there next to check on a bench. What is that 19 grand? That's what they cost. Wow. 230 dollars a seat for game. Oh my god. Are you out of your mind? Well, of course you get reimbursed for that I hope. I know. I put it on my corporate. You don't get reimbursed for that. What kind of a deal you've got anyway? First, a ticket? Brother. I think I should stick that in or he tickets. I know we don't know. Oh yeah. Good luck. No that's a part of my deal. Voffentickets which we don't have the team anymore but I get there reimbursed. And in Marlon's and the Panthers. I have to use tickets for the Dolphins. I have four seasons to get for them. And I have, I have your kind of cash. You know when you're winning thousands in thousands and thousands of plunging your guts out, when you're running at the scam with the cards, the hoops cards. By the way, meet Hank out in the park a lot. He'll send you a few of them hoops cards. Oh yeah. And I have, I used to have two Marlon season tickets. I had a half a package. Yeah, of course. I asked me this morning if I have a card for the college hoops, I don't believe in gambling. If against my religion. So you'll be at the slots. That's not gambling. No. That's a sure thing. Yeah. Sure loss. So they're not going to let you have an ATM there. First of all, let me say this to you. They already have ATM set all the per mutuals. Well they're not going to have them around the, well the tell still be in the, they can't make them take those out. That's just ridiculous. There's no way. You know what's called golf stream. There are no ATM machines on the third floor. None. Yeah. And that does that mean. And I think there's only two in a whole place. Well that's good. That means your talk is probably can't walk far enough to get to them. Yeah. That means the living and breathing people can get there. And those are ones that need the money back. The old AKs that are standing there hunched over the window. I have the two over the four five six. I made them and I don't think so. It is all post on. I have no way. Give me a quenella. We don't have quenella. I'll give me a perfect exact that. I have never seen a place like that in my life. Man, it's like God's waiting room. Golf stream. Oh, more. Death plus 10. What do you mean no more? They've priced them out. But what is it? So who they got left? They don't have a lot of those. Okay. They have a, I would say a consortium of typical South Florida residents who were not elderly. Yeah. So that was trying to say usual mix. Riff rap. Yeah. From the upper crust like you to the lower crust like Leicester Greenshire, that's right. Yeah. But you know what? That's why the track is so wonderful. No matter where you go. You go to clubhouse. There's people dressed up in suits and fancy dresses. You know, they just, the higher crust of society. And then of course you go down by the rail. You see the people kicking like I remember. Defoe used to do that kick and tickets over looking for somebody A thrown away winning ticket. He was a stupor. Yeah. He was a stupor. They'll come no more stupor than him. That's what I heard. By the way, Defoe, well, we don't want you to throw bells Unimpressed with your cornball humor. Well, listen, have a great day. What is it? Well, you got the college hoops to keep you going for a while. Yep. And you have an idea tomorrow to lose my ass. Don't lose too much. I'm not going to lose any. I'm going to. I'm on a streak now. Yeah. I know where the good machines are now. I think I finally am catching on to some things. I don't want to like get too carried away. That's the end of the science to it. But I think if you are observant. And actually in this particular case, if you go more as opposed to less, I think you've got a better chance if you're observant in your pay attention. But that would be good day, whatever you're doing. If you know where the good machines are. Okay. All right. Ask the money on it. I'm going to go and hire them as a place. But it's going on in this place. I task a explains or another man should have figured out... We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. We're going to see the world. I hear something thinking. What have you got in this, my friend? And how are I? Excellent. Come on, Sean. Come on. You're my sports world. When it comes to safe sports operations, we're on as you may. Coming soon. Mexican drug lords will take over border security. And Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind. He's going to be a child's like a plan to me. It's 11 past 10 at five, six, two, WDQA, and happy Wednesday too. What do we got today? We got a guilty at the anti-center. Going to cost you $100 to walk up there and say hi to guilty. Would you pay $100? We will be on with him at 33, the voice of the heat and speech to his teeth. That'll be two to four with guilty. Mad Dog also went to the anti-center from 4 to 6 to 3. What's that all about? Because we got the hockey game tonight. Nobody lied to me. Anyway, that's tonight. And I guess Mad Dog's going to be talking hockey. That should be pretty interesting. And then we got the college hoops. Well, that's on KAT, though. See, this is going to take about a half an hour just to give this schedule. 930 to the game is over. It's the teens and Oklahoma State, the anti-chairmen. But it's carried on 1360 KAT because we got the panties. And the Curtis follows the all of those. All of these. Come on at Sanford 10 at 560. Speaking of hoopsist area, log on to qm.com, wqam.com. And make your picks for Bell South hoopsist area. Picks are made round by round. So start making your first round selections right now. The user with the most points at the end of the tournament wins the grand prize of a thousand bucks. What is that mean? The user shouldn't say like a plunger. Okay. The degenerate. That's right. I mean the user with the most points, kind of the user. And to feel a little bit used all the time. By the way, we're still going to get you as so good lost. 1013, a qm with less than. Well, congratulations, get a life. We're still going to get some of the all the time. That's really good. That's really good. The only thing that's really good is that the sooner you go. You're going to win. The differences with your final. We're still going to get a side. I have a book with your heart. See you on the future. I've got to find you. The kids don't understand. I've got to survey tell you. And just as you leave your league. And the reason you don't get this. You can't go back to where. You can't go to the other side. I send the demo to the other side. Oh, let's say in the home of soil. I've got to find you. And the difference is that you can't go back to where. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you. We've got to find you.å´›atell O textingling using both TV and back TV E gegangen. Pennyfrage 1262 W dom Avi Love famil Li,ostic 27 for the second poll. The 89 torn with avat Food for the day. That's right. I don't want to put those people on. I mean Chris Matthews is on, heardoo does because it not just have their own show, but they open up them out in their commentators or whatever they are. Because then we have to put like Bill O'Reilly and Ryshen, this one and that one and I don't want to do that. But anyway, we'll get to that. Radio News, Rayside, not care channel South Florida RVP and why 100 Miami OEMPV. Rob Roberts, Exit 70 after 10 year run, a search for his replacement begins immediately called a queer channel. Ready for that? That's a queer channel RVP, Mike Krasham. If you can't beat him, Krasham. That's what Steve Krasham says, and they suck. God, they better. There are people that are happy to swear to wait you in this game, what they do to fight with the shots. Nice going here. That's why David Ross probably got forced on. Oh, well, he's moved on to, he moved on just like Greg Reed moved on. Okay? All this bull crab. This like Don Shula moved on. How come how come nobody can ever say, oh, this one got fired, you know? This one got canned. Oh, you've got to go. You've got sick and tear their crap and they've moved their answer out. Why could they just say that? Why could they say that Don Shula was a dottering old fool and he called him the brain stem behind his back or to his face on his show. Could that be a say that? That way, he's respectful. Hey, by the way, let me say it again. You got two hours almost. Do you want to Starbucks? I'm surprised you guys still sitting there. If you probably ought to do his column up and have him deliver somewhere to the station. That would be a good promotion. That would be mighty wide of a. Starbucks is offering customers a counter-runner cover. First they grew coffee between now and noon today. As part of a promotion called National Coffee Break. It's said more than 70, 500 Starbucks around the country. Where we got a Starbucks interview, street corner here. If it's not Starbucks, it's like all these other chains. The second cup, all these coffee places. What is that all about? I don't get it. What is what all about it? The whole coffee thing. It's just a good. Get out of here. Okay. So it's not that. No, it doesn't. I think it's a wilder. It's a very hard work. It can be wild there, Rhea. Use my stomach, a green apple, quick step. It goes into like a tap dance line. Yeah. Starbucks is probably a caffeine. How well I, in that case, have to have my five drinks. So to have a caffeine, I don't get that. It's different. I see. Starbucks is a special promo. Then a half a million, 12 ounce cups of the day for customers who can't make it. The Starbucks employees will be taking coffee to them using mobile sampling, venti vans, a totally the coffee backpack. And this time heels of McDonald's rolling out their new high and coffee last week. So this is Starbucks striking back. They're stretching back. And Mickey D's. Okay. I mentioned this with a hump or an of course, it's not even worth out of the light. We're quick. The Marlins in front San Antonio to be yesterday. It'll be a few more weeks. Before the team immediately baseball to celebrate the pursue more serious negotiators. If I'm over the team there. San Antonio drives Nelson Wolf said yesterday. Wolf, the county side ranking politicians, they're major league baseball and Marlins. Vanna analyzed the stadium proposal. Media marketing economics San Antonio. We were excited to go about a bunch of crap. They're not going anywhere. That's the sad news. Okay. So here's the appole the first pull from yesterday. My sponsor is significant other is we had 1452 votes. A treasure 253. That nice. The crap. Don't have one. 250. Boy, are you well off. The kids are the floats. San station 150. Irrupted. 136. And you laughed. You laughed just like how we're doing. By the way, serious stock is down like just over four and not even four and half bucks. It's sinking like a rock. Hot. My sponsor's significant other is hot. One thirty four. A pain but greatness sack on 14. I hate this pull on 13. I'm nag. A hundred. A nag. A nag. A knowing 84 aging badly six the eight. Oh brother. A slob 35. Stinky 10 and gross five. Absolutely gross. Nozzi eating. And then we took a quicky pull this morning like our promise that threatened do. Which a lot of you didn't get in because when we took the pull about what the Marlins are to do we had 19 season ticket holders on that thing. But here's only seven. But this is like this is a short snapshot. Right. Right. What stock photo protein are you a season ticket holder of 594 votes? None. 533. And of course, the price that heard the hump are talking about 19 grant look seriously. To which is on, you know, but the idea that somebody would spend $19,000 a year for heat season tickets for any season tickets. For a son kind of a sporting event. All I can say is. You know, could you guys use that money? Yeah, could use a lot of it. Well, a hump right away. To be handed money out to all these shoppers out there to be used in Robert and you guys and Coat. Right. Showed up. You got that kind of money to show around. Go as a month. Many of the owners on air like they don't need your money. Humpard. Give it after the underlings to the P ons. T on the heat. Anyway, it's none. 533. The dolphins 29. 4.8% of this crowd are dolphin season ticket holders. And now that they got that daddy's call peppers, man, that's going to put them right over the top. Isn't it? No. More than one, nine, heat nine, Marlon 7, Panthers 7. 1.1% of the audience are Marlon season ticket holders and 1.1% panther season ticket holders. I put them on a button equal par. Even though Joshua disagree with that, he thinks there's more Marlon fans because he was with the organization. It's been brainwashed. Well, I've been to many Marlon games. I've been to a few Panther games. I can go by the attendance. How would you suggest to you that there have been many Marlon games when they were like less than 2000 people in the stands. He's last five years. Many, many, many games. That's great. You've never been to a Panther game when they were few in the 2000 seats. Let me tell you something. I've been to a Panther game when there were 600 people. No. Oh yeah. Get out of here. 6 and during, once the game got going in the middle of the game, I'm not talking about the middle of the game. It's like about the first period. You know, we're not that sort of what attendance is. Attendances. How many people actually show up sometime before the game is over? Well, yeah, they show up late. They leave early. Okay. That's a South Florida crowd. Mainly because they got the tickets from free from their friends or something. And they don't have much interest anyway. Plus after they filled their fat face. Oh, I heard about the food. Oh, my God. It's not bad enough. They're so few folks. Five bucks to walk up. They don't want to let you if you don't want to pay for parking. They've read a black menu to park in there. Because they want to suck that park and money out of your wallet. That's not bad enough. But the food I'm hearing is so much worse than ever before. And instead of like real peace in that these days, they now have like these, I don't even know what they're like. You call it like crap for like seven and a half bucks or whatever it is. It's just ridiculous. Just an insult. But then again, you know, there's a sucker board in every minute of this. And the reason these sports franchises do these things is because they can. Because they get away with it. And they're always crying. We're leaving with Liz and money. Well, too bad. Put out a good product out there and give us some really decent food to the fair price. And maybe somebody might show up. What a concept, huh? Here's today's pool. What pool at the end again? We're not putting talk show hosts on there. Like we'd cause the or a bill or Riley or Sean Hannelee or a regalum ba. And colder, 161. What political talking had news reader or commas do despise the most. And we put left wingers on here, right wingers, no wingers, Alex Winger, 332 votes. And colder, 161. Nobody can touch that bitch. 161. She's an illegal woman. That guy, and colder. I don't think she's got a husband, a boyfriend. I don't think she's ever even seen a, no, right? No, that one of those. And colder, 165. I hate this pool, 26. Bob Novak, 26. We hate him too. Don't see him, no, no. Not since plain gate. Not since he got all bent out of shape on here and much storming off. Pack you can in 24. I don't know any 14. Like I said. That's the hurricane crowd. I don't know. Who are the, who do these people? Yeah. I'm just stating what to you him. Tucker Carlson 13. James Carville 12. Mary Madeline 10. George Stefan 10. Chris Matthew 9. Who's not only a host that he also has got a zoologic place. And he's full of crap. He's inside of John McCain's body. We'll put screen 7 on Nazi. Solidetta Brian 6. Tim Russell 5. George Will 4. Marine dowd 3. Fred Barnes 2. Paul Corbman 2. Thomas Friedman 2. Hey Jack Capardy 1. Kira Phillips 1. That's my vote. David Broder 1. Nontradavid Brooks. Baby Cannon or Lou Dots. I don't know first. David 4. Two votes. Lot of room for a lot of hate there. 27. That's the staff for this. We hit all of those people. We hit you. We hit George. And we really hate John. We don't know why we did we just do. By association. Right. Now just because they can. Hey, you all know the name. Dry concepts. You won't hate them. In fact, you'll love them. Even in South Florida. They were in my house. I'm on the other way. This week. It made those carpets look just like brand news. What I'm told. Because they always do it. They're going to be a place you're carpeting. Cog right concepts let them bring any carpets. Even the most in hopeless looking ones. Back to life. They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch. And completely stay in free. Right concepts. The only company that we ever use. Doing it when you ought to be trusting too. I'm sure you already know about it. But just in case you haven't been listening carefully. Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A post-reclating deep plenty of your expensive leather furniture and lots more. Without it. That one of the best things you can do for those oriental or area rugs is to use a quality underlainment. And also for your magic flying carpets too. It's essential for extended life and beauty of those area rugs. It provides critical cushioning and prevents skating and hard floors. And during this month. During the month of March called dry concepts and get you 15% in savings on all underlainment padding. Dry concepts always professional always on time. Always a written guaranteed price up. No scams. No games. No ripoffs. Carpet cleaning. Water damage restoration. Pet order treatments. Macros cleaning. And much more. And their benefits. And they're bound to the Palm Beach. It's a toll free call 1 800-248-5071. That's 1 800-248-5071 around the wicked web. You can check them out at dryconceites.com. This is a mil rather than this is five 16 15. The further real real. Buffalo still sucks. Ooooo! This is the theory of his face. I'm sick of his dees. And some of us stay in folks even have an Irish name. But there's one man in particular. Thor really is quite violent. God let his last name for your folks is not from the Emerald Eye. Thor, tell him you're here. He don't look like wearing green. Yeah, don't make go out with a last. Who's underage 15? I'm telling you, there's no one. He's just a claiming punk. And they're using silent when they listen in to punk. No, I'm telling you, there's no one. In case you didn't know, that's because real Irishman's got college to the roll. Now that's because real Irishman don't call each other for all. 33 at 5. 60 happy Saint Patty's Day. That's coming up on Friday in it. Right? I see the British arrested five demonstrators for protesting in Stinking Cartoon. You know, enough already with a Stinking Cartoon's. Enough of the crap. Get a life and get a sense of humor and cut the crap. It's kind of like the Isaac Hayes theory, you know? To say exactly same for a philosophy. It's okay if you make fun of anybody else's religion. But once you start satirizing or making fun of mine, then I'm going to kid you and what it can you. Right. Isaac Hayes give that bastard the shaft man. Tell South Park. Well, he's not going to participate anymore. Well, guess what? Well, Paxia Solami sandwich on the way up the studio. Get lost. Take a hike. Hop on the old shaft. Get James Roll Jones to do that voice. Oh, there you go. Got to hell a lot better voice than Isaac Hayes anyway. Probably work cheaper to his best. Pressies. Right. Who the hell needs Isaac Hayes? Well, you know, the Scientologist, you're making fun of it. Yeah, I mean, it's just on a face of it. It's so insulting. It's so annoying. And just saying what is cartoon thing. As a matter of fact, I got a story in my pond here. I'm going to like rearrange. I'm reaching in the shuffling. I'm shuffling you. Of course, when you get to be married, you shuffle a lot. Where the hell is it? Oh, yeah, here it is. 200 submit Holocaust cartoons. See, this is funny. Make fun of my hand, but then we're going to kid you. But it's okay to have Holocaust cartoons. Tehran. And Iranian newspaper's contest for Holocaust-related cartoons. Tens drawn interest. See, it's like a peeing contest. Right. Now, who could be the most insensitive? Who can get the other one most riled up? And of course, that's what religion does best. Iranian newspaper's contest for Holocaust-related cartoon has drawn entries from 200 people with some drawings mocking the world war two slaughter. One of these shows Jews going in the get a back-gast pipeline. Most contest entrance are Iranian, but six are Americans. And a few cartoons have been submitted from a sourceway as Indonesian Brazil. According to the Hamsha Hurri newspaper, a few of the drawings have been posted online. Hamsha Hurri began the contest last month as a test of the West Readiness to print cartoons about the Nazi killing of six million Jews in WDW2. The contest comes in response to caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad printed in Europe. Once submission reflects the opinion of Iranian President Mahmoud, whatever his name is, the cartoons show the circle of nine Jewish men entering and leaving a gay chamber that shows the counter-reading five million nine hundred ninety nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine and the Jews have inflated the number of Holocaust victims. And follow that. Okay. And because this thing will never end, it's got a life of its own. In champagne, a little way, and this is what's going on in America. Fashista, baby, Fashista, your people are the green tooth crowd. They ought to be ecstatic. They ought to be like, squeeze each other's kneecaps, they're so excited. Because Fashism would say, evidently, loved one, but Tista was running things in Cuba. They loved Fashism, and they got it full flights now with a capital F as in FU. Champagne, a little way, an editor who chose to publish caricatures of Prophet Muhammad, at the University of Illinois Student Rannuz paper last month has been fired. Did the papers publish your mask yesterday? We can do a lot. Yeah. Actin, by as long as I got these, I might as well use it. That's great. Now you can fact that I use that one there with the hopper. And fact, what are you going to do about it? You're fair. Actin, H. Gordon, I wonder if he's kind of the Gordon Fisherman. With suspended with pay from the Daily Align Eye, days after the February 9 publication of the cartoons, which sparked Muslim protests around the world after they first appeared in the Danish newspaper. At the time, Daily Align Eye published, who said the action was taken against Gordon, not for publishing the cartoons, but for failing this accessible that is an newsroom first. What are they going to think on the Earth Street? The Align Eye Media Company boarded directors, which comprises students and faculty voting unanimously to fire the editor, after a viewfinder Gordon violated Daily Align Eye policies about thoughtful discussion and preparation for the publication of inflammatory material, according to a statement. Gordon had said he sought out advice from the Daily Align Eye's former editor in chief, and others before deciding to run the cartoons. He said that accusations he tried to hide his decision were wrong. On Tuesday, he called his firing a blow against free speech and college campuses. Oh, who'd house anything? And we got free speech. On college campuses are in the other place in America. If I can be fired while other students think maybe we want to challenge the status quo, said Gordon, who had briefly addressed the board meeting the previous night. This is a bad precedent, where's that a bad president? Both. Gordon said he intends to sue the publishers of the Daily Align Eye, signing a misunderstanding among other complaints unlawful dismissal. You get their ass, baby. Actin. I think he's acting properly. Board member Adam Jung said he's confident the company's acted properly on the issue. The papers opinions page editor Chuck Prachasca was also suspended for his role in the publishing of the cartoons he declined to be reinstated the board, said he said you mama. Prachasca said he and Gordon were quickly to publish the cartoons because they were newsworthy. We had a news story on our hands with violence erupting about imagery, but you can't show it because of a taboo because of a taboo that's not a western taboo, but a Muslim taboo he said, that's a bloated journalism he said he happens to be. That's the only thing that's representing Illinois my ass. Scruti Align Eye, that's what I say to hell with him. Yamama. Right? Right. Who do I want to go to champagne a little anyway? Ever been there? Champaign or Banner? What's that? Champaign or Banner? And what the hell was your president doing in Canada day when New York yesterday? When I saw them, the news I just about, oh, my god. I was thinking of my ass off. He was hugging the autistic kid that made all the talk. That's a basketball thing. That's it. That's it. Just another photo. I'm going to be a capitalizing on this for autistic kid. I had the big basketball game and it's a big hero now in Buffalo. Everybody likes them so I'm going to get my picture taken with him. Where was you in Buffalo? I think it would. Rochester. It was Rochester. It was Rochester. It was. Well, I guess why they had on the Buffalo news last week. They made a big submissive on. Whatever you go, first you go to Rochester in Palut's Model Home Town there. It probably was a strong oral hospital. Peanum the spot where I was born. And then it goes to Canada day when New York where I live for many years going to high school there. You probably went to Canada day when Academy and did a number there too. Probably number one two and a three your president. Nobody told him though. It's not the same high school that they've changed to a different building. Too bad you missed you missed the spot. God. George Votion. Canada day when New York. What a match. What a perfect match. Brother, you know what he likes it there? I give up. No dark folks and almost no Jews. All goiam. All farmers man. That's why he like Canada day well. I see. I'm talking right now. How many Jews in that time? Only about 10,000 people are in fact when I left it when I graduated high school the population was 10,000. Do a Google why you can't Google it because you can't spell it. I'll Google it during the break. Okay. I'll bet you anything. I'll bet you times to donuts. I'll bet your free cup of coffee at Starbucks. If the population is still in more than 10,000. All goiam. All white farmer type. Good luck in one's own man. I'm going back to high school. 1040, 20,000. 20,000. I'll tell you one thing. People think it's a treat cliche if you had to do it over again. Wow. Oh, did I make a lot of mistakes and a lot of missed opportunities. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. I'm just there. He's still young. I'll feed you now. You have to worry about that. But in your own case. I'm sure you're. Yeah. A lot of. A lot of great opportunities. Slip the right your hands. But that's my coach in life. Yeah. Wow. 24, 11, a QA and beef. Get a lot out of WQM.com. Make your picture of Bellsauce. Whoop his stereo? Pissor made round by round. Got a hearpericoma. We'll find a wheel. And it's good. Come on. You can do it. Pissor made round by round. So start making your first round selection right now. Use it with the most points at the end of the tournament. When's the grand prize of a thousand bucks in cash? They use it with a plunger that he generate. Find a wheel. Come on. No got it? Yeah. I don't hear it. Sorry. I can't find it. Oh. You always find that one. Even when I don't want it, you're playing it. By the way, speaking of the good things that are happening in Iraq? I was in the wrong index. Oh, you got it? Find a wheel. Come on, Piri. Take a deep breath. There it is. Here we go. I need to do it. Find a wheel. You learned this good? Of course I can find it when you don't want it. See, just not when you do it. Oh. Find the song too. A US led way on a suspected side of terror network al-Qaeda in Iraq killed 11 civilians, including five children. According to Iraq in release, but the US military which lies like crazy said that the total from the strike north of Balad was only four, a salamente quattro, but they lie. In addition to the children, the youngest of whom was six months old, the dead included four women in two men, police said. The US military spokesman said they suspected that in search of two women in a child were killed. Six months old. A man suspected of being a foreign fighter facilitator, whatever that means. Wow. It was taken into coal, a foreign fighter facilitator was taken into coal, a coalition custody is being questioned. Police kept in life, Muhammad, told the Associated Press that US warplanes in armor were involved in the strike, which he says flatten the house until the 11 people inside. An AP reporter with the scenes said the roof of the house collect. Three cars were destroyed and two cows were killed. Two cows. Don't have a cow over it. AP, I wonder if they had mad cow. AP photographing the bodies of two men, five children, four of those covered bodies, arriving at a hospital to create a company by grieving relative to the Lzc, two five and four is eleven. So the Iraqi police were telling the truth because this is the AP, which I think we can trust them. And the US military once again, like they didn't be at nom, like they always do, they lie a lot. And what's up with that pad-tumman's body? I want his boyfriend. So I want the following footsteps and it's just going to sharpen over to a rat. Did you see that Josh? I did, yes. Did we have good looking at the body there? High school body, if you say so? Football body, yeah. Yeah, I got to tell you a little story. I'm so glad this happened. You just just felt like this like falling into a bucket of calmanaur. Yes, today I'm walking to lunch after the show. Okay, there's the true story. I remember how I'm inside a big deal. And coming in the other direction was a young blonde, I think she would maybe like, they're early 20s. And I looked at her and I thought to myself, man, she is just unbelievably hot. She's just beautiful. I mean, again, obviously I was like, in prison sexually, but I was just, I just crossed my mind. Wow, she is a knockout. You see? Okay. Now, that's easy to understand, isn't it? Okay. So far. And then I thought to myself, immediately knowing the way my baguette will bring. Works not thought to myself, there is no way. There is absolutely no way that a heterosexual guy could have been walking along. The same street and seeing a really hot looking at him on the same category. Let's say that he was about a 10 on a 50 on scale of 10. And she was great. And it was a guy that looked equally great looking, coming the other way. There's no way that a straight guy wouldn't, maybe not in the same terms, but wouldn't register there, but he would like block it out. You don't want to say it? Only a very few select very self-confident guys would say, Oh, yeah. I can see that. I think I understand. Well, I can only speak for myself, of course. And I don't have this straight guys. We wouldn't give it a thought. Is what would happen. Well, that's sad. It's not that I mean look, I can, you know. And I don't believe that. I don't believe it. I'll tell you like this, okay. I can't tell if a guy is good looking, so to speak. I can't tell if a guy is good looking, so to speak. I can look at a guy, I'm back to first grading it. We're back to kindergarten with a sad person. What's other thing? Why can't I have an opinion here? I can look at a guy and be like, he's in good, but he's in good shape. I can't tell if a guy like, like, he's, he's no not in good shape. But not in good shape. Good shape, like from the neck up. I can't tell if a guy like, like, when in a, you know, he attract, but let me say this. You know, the, you know, the beast. You know, the beast? Yeah. You know, we have to go back to this again. Let's sit Tom Brady next to the beast, okay? Which guy, I'm forget about who's in better shape. That goes without saying anything. Even a dead man. Everybody can think of it. If I don't like his guy. The guy's a good shape doesn't mean that like, six things he's think he's hot, you know. I can't request him. The question isn't whether chicks think he's hot, that has nothing to do with what I'm talking about, okay? I'm trying to make a point. You know, you're both tap dancing around like, like, like, you're, you're doing a cause I see you're so nervous. I'm not. Yeah, why, no, you're not because you're full of crap, right? You can't tell a good looking guy when you say, I didn't say that at all. And then the point is, I just said it at all. I was just, she was just shockingly beautiful. Okay. And I thought to myself, oh my god, how can you not recognize beauty when you see it? Okay. And Josh there was like, oh, but it's good shape. Good shape. Good shape my ass. Okay. I doubt it. You're right. Oh, there's Kendall Coffee against speaking of Starbucks. Horanier waves. I'm not having this conversation with you anymore, Josh, because you're like, you need the program. I'm sorry that that's how it works with me. No, it doesn't know. No, you did, you just got that mental block up there. Little thing in your mind of professor. I mean, to talk about you can see what their guys in good shape. I mean, I could look at a guy and be like, yeah, he's in good shape, but I don't know if, you know, women are like, wow, he's, he's talking about women, forget about women just for this moment. And for that, he's going to be a little bit of like 10 seconds. That's not what that, did I say, did I say to you that when I saw this, check, come around the street that I thought, oh, you're almost straight guys, really with things she's anaka. Yeah, that wasn't of consequence to me. I was just giving my own personal, giving myself my own personal opinion. But I'm saying that then, what you would have, if you would have seen her by the way, you both would have concurred. In fact, you wouldn't have stopped to talk about you. Part of what I'm both trying to grab her. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to put her right there and we kind of perverts you are. Yes, I wouldn't blame you. What's the criteria? I mean, I can look and be like, yeah, okay, he's in good shape, but I don't know if you say that one more time. I'm going to put up, I just don't get her. Yeah, I'm going to put a bullet through her, your brain used to be. I'll tell you right now. It's deep in your right. Don't try to do so. It's not unless something comes up, like, for example, and gone with the wind, they they portrayed Leslie Howard as the guy talking about him, gone with the wind. I'm talking about in your daily life, when you're talking about it, when you're in public, they might as well be invisible. If there was a you're actually good looking, I'm not talking about just a, let me tell you what does take notice. What they, what you do notice if they're shocking, we ugly. Then your head turned you go, oh my god, I can look at the mirror and see that. Well, that's just that if you're walking on the mall, all the guys are invisible unless they look like some sort of a horrendous, elephant man, and then you notice. That's sad. Well, that's how it goes. Well, no, you're giving your own honest perspective. That's me, it's coming. I'm there with you. I mean, I don't really know you even know you're not there with me. I've never in my life, no, listen, I've never in my life walked, been walking on the screen, go Tim, that's a bit of a gag. No, no, that's the right way. There we're having that. I don't know what to tell you. Well, maybe you just haven't seen it. Of course you're in some slurding, some are too much time, that could be part of it. Sometimes things will come up, though, I'll be about it. Like, you know, you're ex girlfriend leaves you for some, I don't need to, I'll be the only thing to mind. Hey, that's a good looking guy. All the time I understand. Yeah. And he isn't worried about his own. I mean, from what I'm hearing, you know, is guy, how wife and two kids? Uh-huh. Whatever. I don't know. We have to take a call or two, although we got the Marine down column in my hand right now. I'd rather hear that. But yeah, let's just look at it. Well, okay, I don't want to have to be too fast. We got a break coming, okay, to call us. We don't have long meal. I don't want to do her short trip. Right. She doesn't look that. She's all right. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. Yeah, I'm not so sure. Yeah, I'm not so sure she does a talk at a boss. You know, I mean, I can say, I can look at a guy. I'm a hero searcher. I can look at a guy and immediately know, he's getting all kind of action. Yeah. You know, right. I'm a horrible, really. You know, same thing. Okay. But on the other hand, I see some guys with really hot women. And I cannot figure out for them. Oh, you know, I think that was what I was saying. The women have bad eyesight. There's something new that doesn't get the eye. There's no question about that. And we all see that. Like, my colleague in either case, even the guys who have been looking at with a real dog or the other way around. She's as hot as can be. And the guy looks like the beast. You know, sorry, right in your lunchtime to do that one. That's a given. Well, there's a guy. He's not like all of Titan doing the dance. Oh, I got to do this dance and dancing. Jesus, God. And so I'm so sorry. I brought it up. I forget how to how that even came up. I don't know. I'm so old. It's all I'm trying to say. All I'm trying to say is that's so wrong. Is when you see somebody who is exception. And I'm not just talking about good working. Okay, there's a lot of good looking. I'm talking about extraordinarily good and people, maybe one out of like 10 million people might look that good. That's how good this chick will get today. I'm not exaggerating. Okay. You would stop and take notice. I'm not saying you're going to start a, I like breathing heavily and getting all emotional. And I'm just telling you that you see you notice it. Now you don't because you're like, you're Cuban, so I can understand that it's probably going to you. That's it. But Josh on the other hand, well, his story is obviously there's something deeply Irish. Phasing me or not. There's five. That's what it is. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your boy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Any questions? When a murdered moment to our north, 72 virgin turns into the right moment. Will you be ready? You can be with Ciala. The only ED tab that works for up to 36 hours or 72 versions, whichever comes first. Ciala should be taken prior to definition. Side effects include muscle aches and being dead in the event of an emotional lasting more than four hours. How bad did again with the first virgin you deflowered? Although at that point, she'll no longer be a virgin. I asked my follow about Ciala. Shouldn't you? Individual results may vary, and there's a distinct chance you'll go straight to hell for tuning innocent people and the disfold Cery 2 version they need to shan devised a trick you into doing something indescribably evil. Ciala, I'm ready. Oh, I love it. It's 11.02 or 56. You have any questions? We're dressing. We're going to bring this up again on the show. You're reducing your filmmaking progress. You're going backward. You're progressing. You know what I understand? God forbid. Oh, Jesus, they're going to pick up whatever. I explained it to under the break. Explain one. That to gay guys, everyone is gay and it's just a matter of you got to admit how gay you are. It's all that that is being said is God, my God, you are. You are so cute and man. It's just unbelievable. Have you talked about humans? Have you ever agree with that? You don't say? Yeah, yeah. And the gay guys aren't going to be satisfied unless you get the other guy to admit that there's some kind of gay in that you can do. You can do that. I think the story of a vassian that chicken is three years to do. There's a point. There's a point. Oh, okay. There's a point. A humorless. A mega part. It's like, where's your humor all of a sudden? Who me? Yeah. Oh, you're funny. You're a screen. Come on, Duffford, admit it. All the guys that you thought were good looking. Come on. You know, actually, I'm rating I saw this guy. No. He wasn't good looking. He was a good shape. That's right. How would you know, he was a straight way unless you saw what his toes are. But anyway, he was fluttering down, right? Forget about it. Okay. Forget about it. What's better? His empty suit or her baggage is marine. And she's talking about a Barack Obama and the Hillary. She says there's only one reason I continue to brave Washington's very formal press dinners, which are so couchified. There are bad cross between his zombie movie and those little Mexican day of the dead's sculptures. I find it highly instructive. The apologizing is make humor speeches. It's a speech. It's difficult and few politicians do it well. It took Bill Clinton almost two terms to make a funny speech. He kept letting a picture and tone creep in. Even though W would probably rather spend that night in Baghdad than go to a banquet. Way past his bedtime, where he was getting limped, pulled by reporters to label the drink. He was a master right from the start. Lin Chen is a practice speaker, but a mid-tone deaf on humor. At the grid our engineer here on Saturday, she said it was a husband. He has a great sense of humor just the other day. I asked him, you know how many terrorists it takes to paint a wall. And he answered right back. It depends on how hard you throw them. People laugh, but it felt creepy. The county humor that makes more terrorists. Everyone is curious to hear Barack Obama that Democratic speaker. He arrived last year as a star that laughed into a cipher, even getting pumpkin. By John McCain last month. In the Capitol's version of Dancing With The Stars, Senator Obama won, turning in a smooth, funny, performance-delificant from his Tyrosack. He tweaked fellow Democrats telling the White Thai crowd, men and tails, women and gowns, and orchestra playing as folks reminisce about the good old days kind of like dinner at the carries. He mocked the presence on authorized snooping, saying he'd asked my staff to conduct all phone conversations in the Kainian dialect of Louis. He advised WWE to spy on the other channel and find out when the big storms are coming. After saying he enjoyed the Olympic byath a lot of shooting and skiing he did pan turn to Big Cheney, probably not your sport Mr. Vice President. And maybe two that Americans is one Democrat told me we'll never like to guy as President who has a name like a Middle East terrorist, and maybe two that Democrats are racing like Lemmings toward a race where as one moan, John McCain will triple Hillary Clinton's head down to court like a basketball. But they're clever. Please, I see that. But the clever elegant performance by Mr. Obama who's intent on keeping his head down on the Senate until he too can be a tedious insider, underscore that Democratic vacuum. Not only did the Democrats stand for anything as Mr. Obama semi-joked, but they have no champion in time when people are hungry for an exciting leader, when the party should be roaring and serving against the Bush's power-mads stumbles. They should groom an O8 star who can run on the pledge of doing what's right instead of only what's far right. The Republicans, one with Ronald Reagan and W. By taking guys with more like ability and sizzle and experience, they figured their win-a-name McCain Hillary duel by running conservative beloved by the media, and met and by many Democrats against the polarizing northerner who can't win any red states despite pan-winged conservatives. The weekend prophetic Democrats he knew move initially toward candidates who turn a lot of people off. They should find somebody captivated with intensely American success story, similar like Senator Obama, Tom Brokeh, or some innovative businessman over who's less crazy than Ross Perot, and shaped the campaign around that leader. Barack Obama is 44. 3FK in letter reputations a kettle of playboy and lawmaker of early newsware around the hill was 43 when he became president. With senior ready comes doneness, unless you can draw on it in desperate times, promises merely a curse. Democrats think Senator potentials experience doesn't match Senator Pahol's. Much of hers is a first lady who bollocks up chunks of domestic policy. They also support she may be more macho than he is. They've fret that the freshman Illinois Senator will wilt against the Arizona Senator's foreign policy experience and probably he would. But Mr. McCain, a big hawk on Iraq, has talked of sitting in more troops as mentor was Henry Kissinger, these are not recommendations. W had the foreign policy dream team and it shattered our foreign policy ideals and self image. Despite hundreds of years of combined experience, the Bushies ran through Crowley's and schemes that were so destructive, it will take hundreds of years to straighten out their mistakes. The Democrats should not dismiss a political politically less experienced but personally more charismatic prospect is an empty vessel. Maybe an empty vessel can fill the room. A little shrouded, Hillary there, huh? Good John McCain dribbling her head down the hill. Like a basketball on the basketball court. That's which they have. Yes they do. Absolutely correct. Not to mention of course that fine gold is peot and might flee so. And of course your hero Lou Dodd's last night as he's teaching the stories on CNN, one of the second or third story. What is this man thinking of rust fine gold as he lost his mind, wanting to censure the president? See this is the way it goes on at you all the time. He'll spend like days now ripping Bush and ass and all the incompetent and irresponsible things he's done and it's out of control and and all of a sudden he'll come on like, oh my gosh, how is this possible? We talk about impeachment or censure. Like he hasn't been listening to his own script, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, you're hero Lou Dodd's. H&R blocked disguise costs of setting up IRA's going to Elliot Spitzer and that's my hero Elliot Spitzer. He's going to get it. He'd be the guy. He's going to get what? He's going to be the next president. Oh good. Always do it. But then again, so it's rust fine gold. And so it's all sharp. Yeah, that Spitzer doesn't sound very chewy. One political talking head, news reader or calmness, do despise the most. Another motto is who do you hate polls that sound flittle just dies for? 463 votes? Of course this is our second. This is our third poll in two days. Yeah, we're not going to do a thousand on this one. By the way, how's that fundraiser coming? Oh, we're getting a total of that. Are you really? Yeah. Get out of here. Okay. Including online. When we left yesterday, we had 17,000 to 70 for a band of perescue on the email Rogers. Stop turning man. These are t-shirts. Anyway, get back to the poll. What political talking head news reader or calmness do despise the most? And quarter, 2014. Nobody even close to that bitch. You don't want to close to her as Miss Fudge. Join the T-Hip-Ooo. Pat, you can't in 40. I hate this full 34. 5-0-33. Tucker Carlson 21, nice low-time. I don't know any 20. James Carville 17, nice haircut. Mary Madeline 14. How do you like that his wife has read underneath him? Mm-hmm. A really. Chris Matthew 13, George Step on top of us 10. Wolf Blitz Creek 9. Hermann Gering Jr. Tim Russard 7. Hello, I'm Wolf Wolf's Creer. I also have more like the Nazis from Hoven's heroes. Tim Russard 7. Pace the Irishman. So many that are Brian 6. You think she's really Irish that's underneath? Marine Dowd 5. But look at a whole bunch of Irish people. We got Fed Barnes 4. George Will 4. Paul Crogman 4. Jack Capretty 2. Thomas Friedman 2. Talk about a lunatic. Here are Phillips 1. She's only got my vote and believe me. I like to vote a thousand times. Which David Brooks 1. David Broder 1 and Lou Dobs has won. Baby Cannon's got. Oh, nine. That's because they like figure that he's just like, you know, when Pat puts on a dress that's still Pat. As opposed to being like a separate person. Okay, oh, baby Cannon. I do. She makes Pat seem like a liberal. WWE QA and hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Okay. Just the fact that Josh mentioned that he looked at a guy and said, oh, he thinks we should. It tells me that he's looking at his butter. He's a baby. Yeah. He's a baby. He's a baby. Even I never think he would even I even an old queen like me. I don't think so that no terms. He's a good shade. I'm a straight man and I'm not the problem. I'm a really good looking. But I don't look at he's in shape because I believe. And when you're trying to wear your people from obviously your Latino guy, where you're feeling from my amyons on Cuban. Cuban, why in your straight guy? Yeah, well, you know. You're right. Let me write this down. Unless a lead, a landing at the third island and the son of the all the guy with me. Yeah, that was great. That was just what are you going to do about it? You're fair, yeah. That's a nice bed at there too because that's not what he says in the movie. I understand. We can't say that. I see what the freedom of time. And movie too. You just cost me $6,000. How much? Well, I'm so pissed. $6,000. Thank you. What a count. WQAM. Hello. Oh, there you eat chicken out. WQAM. Hello. I'm going to. Yes, sir. As well as you know that, that's yours and yours. That's for me. Because I'm a married man. And my wife asked me, we need to go back to the guy. Did you go looking at that? What I'm saying? Somebody asks you. You can answer. Yeah. You know, I'm sure you're good. You're good. He's in denial. He's right. He's in denial. George, if he sees another guy, somebody covers up his eyes. That's not that he's nervous. Just like human thing. Right. He's nervous. He raised the right front. Both of us. I want to ask the next caller. That is a. Agreed with you if they walk past people and say, oh, that's a good looking guy. No, no, no, no. That's what you said. First of all, no, that's not what I said. You said you walk behind. No, no. I said if that you're going back months now, that's last use conversation. I said, if you encountered a really strikingly good looking guy, and it wouldn't register that boy. You know, and even just for a second, in other words, you just work block it out. You wouldn't recognize it. I don't believe you. Wouldn't look at him. You cut me off. Yeah. You cut me off. You cut me off. You cut me off. You don't. You don't put your nose. You're not there. I probably shouldn't have looked at that chick yesterday. I thought it was going to make me head a sexual man. Just, oh, brother, I think it did. I was going to get a little twins. I was going to get a closet head row. I think you got a fancy. You're so full of crap. Think you think about women when you're doing guys. No. 1113, a QAM. Doing luck, guys. Mr. No, Mr. Hot Shot. You're the one. It's always talking. Yeah, sure. I am. The Ammon Coast. They got a smorgas board. Go over there and mind your mind, baby. The sword is number one Asian group made buffet as ready to buy. You got restaurant review. What I'd tell you speaking of Asian about those Chinese that can eat in guys. Say, now every Friday through Sunday that you can enjoy lobster fest at the Ammon Coast. They dream me lobster served thermator style every night is crab fest. Woodlands can snow crab legs, dungeon is crab and jonas don't crab. The many still includes fresh oysters on a half shell on a sushi bar with over 30. Got 30 men. Different items. The Ammon Coast also serves juicy, succulent delicious New York steak's cooked order and hand crab prime rib. And on the weekends for dessert, we room for the Ammon Coast famous 40 inch chocolate phone. You hand if you're on strawberry, as marshmallows, other deck and treats. Check out their new, audicane sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to Taky. I'll put some of them in your bed with the powdered milk. Over 20 different types of sushi rolls and lots more. The Ammon Coast has got three convenient locations to serve you. They're in sunrise, sunny, ice, beach and prestigious prime rib pines. Reservations to jesson for a real pig out a real feast that you're going to love. Everything fresh and delicious. It's the Ammon Coast called 954. 577-23822. This is real Rogerace. This is 516. That's a good looking guy. He's a very handsome young man. Who can't see that? Well, I'm a little bit less than you. But I have the principle. I like to answer your word or your word. I like to answer your word. I like to answer your word. I like to answer your word. I like to answer your word. I know he could not mislead me. I try to never deceive me. I am a blemishable guy. I'm a blemishable guy. I know. I want to help the boys. I'm a blemishable guy. I'm a blemishable guy. I'm a blemishable guy. I've got enough to have. I must go say that when I'm inside the girl long. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. I'm not going to buy out the bird yet. Let's win. Maybe he ought to get together with Isaac Hayes and go to a science-outage meeting. They can get cleager together. They can get what? Not a human, but he's trying to make such calls and NBC's folks who said he asked that in February he contacted Thomas B. Mud of Sagan on Michigan. I wonder if he's kind of Roger Mud. Did he crop Roger Mud that used to the news on CBS? Oh, I remember. Oh, I remember it. I heard your ears go right. Yeah. To apologize guys from a sticky maiden talking about Mud's great grandfather. Samuel Mud, who said John most of the book is broken leg after both assassinated person Lincoln. Turing the attorney who shooting has been fodder for several and Ojov City appreciated the call to broken, but there's no ill-willed turdies in Icho host. I like Lenot as a bother maker, he said I don't think it personally, so it was no set with him. He's just making fun, but I think this has a lot about him that he take time to a college job. I'd be like this. Wow. Boring. Really boring. Log on to WQM.com, speaking of boring, and make your picks for Bell South Hoopsis area. Fix your made round by round, so start making your first round selections now because the plunger with the most points of the term it wins a grand prize of a thousand dollars. Sounds like gambling to me. Now what that sounds like? Sure does. Something like where you're participating in some kind of legal office at the end of the weekend. We're running our own book here. Yeah, right. And by the way, for you, any phone numbers, Hank will be given them out tomorrow. WQM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You haven't commented on right wing fundamentalist Tom Brady's trip to Israel. Well what does that mean? No, you're a fan of his. And? And he's... I don't know anything about his trip to Israel or his politics, nor do my care. Well, he was pandering over there in Israel. We love the Jews. Yeah, and you're just jealous that he plays for the Patriots and not for your horseball team. Is that the true sir? No, it's just you didn't mention it. Because I never saw it. Where did you see that? And the internet. You're... I'm the internet. Where? They didn't. Get out of here. I'm not going to ask you out of here. I'll go with you in the break. Like I'm going, well, who cares what his politics are. And maybe he does like to Jews. I hope so. He was me a little hope, not much. Well, he talk about silly people. He's worried about what Tom Brady's politics are. This is this is South Florida, man. There's a real intellectual for you. Damn, I'm in there. Yeah. And you know what? I still do them. How do you like that? Jack, Hank. What's I got to do with it? Right, exactly. Who cares about just like that chick yesterday. If you just seen her, you want to ask her. Who do you vote for last time? No, you want to receive an Harper A? Although they give it a damn. You know, she devoted right wing. I'd been a little bit rougher, I think. No, no, no. Hold her hair a little bit. Right. That's exactly right. Maybe it'll spanking her. That's right. Red rubber ball act. Right. I'm sure I know which way. Every which way. W.A.M. Hello. Somebody Q.A.M. Raspberry line. Hello. Hi, how are you? Good morning. Yes, sir. Loyal listener for about 15 years now. Tom, I went ahead and I bought C.D.F. but the internet. Well, to you guys. And I still have a receipt. I just wanted to know what was going on here. But I could throw in my money. And then just there and then just go get it out wherever you guys are at. And I just wanted to know. I don't even know what. Like, am I going to do a little bit of personalç† or house? So yeah, I ordered the first of the second day that it came out. And I've called and they told me, oh, it's going out today. And then never. It'll get there. OK, we don't. We'll go with my money. Right off. Yeah. Just relax. Just put it away and relax. Let's see. Tom Brady. I got it. We're at Bob Craft and Tom Brady take trip to Israel. Bob Craft is the owner of the team. Is there anything wrong with that? Maybe Bob Craft likes those shoes over there. I don't know. I'm sure not that crazy about the ones I'm at. Let's see. Tom Brady takes a trip to Israel. Here we go. Where's the story? Ah, geez. This is our Tom Brady. So what was the story? Have you got it? I have a story. Let's see what's going on. Let's go. I'm talking about Tom Brady. I'm talking about Bob Craft and quarter by Tom Brady. We're on a team. I'm not a way to hear about from Channel from CBS 4 Channel for in Boston. Now, let me just click on a thing. I want to get the whole thing on there. Why didn't you read it? Because I didn't see it. I don't know how much have I ever seen that. Christ, Almighty. Just like yesterday, it was on CNN. No, it was in a Harold. It was like when they had the 80 million little stories to wait on below. Never seen that thing about the Panthers charging five bucks to walk up if you don't want to get ripped on and apart there. Okay, here you go. I don't want to try to read it off to the thing because it's real teeny tiny prints. I'm printing it out right now. Just to satisfy that guy who's a big, what's his name, Fang? He called peppers. And by the way, I thought that Gus Farrow was the second coming of Joe name with all over again. And then what we thought, and then what we were told, Josh? Yeah, that's what we're being told. On his listed in printout, Jesus Christ, okay, I'll read it off the thing. Small printin' all, see how good my eyes are. Take this owner Bob Cratt and Claire McTomb, Brady on an 88-tiff in Israel. How do you like that? Good Jewish boy? Cratt and his wife, Myra and Brady are part of the combined Jewish phone philanthropies. It's contingent that's making an upper stop throughout Israel. Brady throughout the first ball, so the two American football didn't make any sense. Oh, exhibition games in Israel at Crafts Stadium on Thursday. Combined Jewish philanthropies of Greater Boston, which is chaired by Myra Cratt, is in the central planning and fundraising of our Boston Jewish community. So what does that guy do with politics or pantering to anybody, huh? CBS or Chris Sarah Underwood was also invited on the Israel trip as were, sovereign bank president of the CEO Joe Campanelli and somebody else to agree. Kind of the new with politics at all, Bob Cratt's wife is a chairman of this fundraising committee and so to have Tom Brady was able to capture us invited to go along. Or why do I always paddling to the Jews? He's an ultra-right winner. We only wish we had him. He's a media user. He's a public, a shian. He's five, sixty-fuckers. And a republic baby, only in Miami. But he watched Tom Mammoth saying, "'Tens' done, I roll me." And the Sharpers too, in this shade. Then the Crats set out was done with the fingers and their thumbs and shape of a W on their forehead. Now, the scandals are coming and the don't stop coming. Never should have lived if can't go hunting. It makes sense to give out the post for try to put an area of mine's on the court. Have a little grab a scooter, baby. These are the things it do not help me. You never know how it'll go. I'll never see a post this low. I'm hanging out. I'm laying down sitting here with no friends. Hang out. I'm laying up. Wait in here for the end. All right, friends, it's Karol. Even if he's a cis, he's getting a world. It's one of the 31 and 56. By the way, speaking of really classy guys, I mean, let's compare Tom Brady who's doing some work for charity. Are we always hearing about the great things that the dolphins and other professional sports team do for charity, Josh? Maybe you are. Oh yeah, all the time. No, seriously, I'm serious about that. My boy, one of the Mari wants to much money they make cut his ass. But anyway. I mean, this is from February 2nd. This is from the Associated Press of last year, February 2, 2005. And sure you remember the story. Donnie Culp had for showed off his scramming ability Wednesday and the crowd of convention center ballroom. The Minnesota Vikings quarterback presented a paralyzed high school football pair. Two diamond necklaces worth about $75,000 during an NFL awards ceremony with an awkwardly asked for them back after the ceremony was finished. All right, yeah, the apparent gift prompted a mother to cry, a father to think about buying a safe historic and call pepper to find a way out of the mess. I'll get into something else, call pepper said sheepishly. Who? They can feel it. Oh, it's speaking of shipments. It's at the about FedEx. I just got an email from Amazon.com and my sure talkie's been ship. All right. I hope the confusion began at the FedEx round and error player of the year honors where it finally is called pepper patent, Sandy Peyton Manning, Sean Alexander and Curtis Martin were on stage for the announcement. When the MC opened up the floor for questions, Jerry Townsend's book up from his wheelchair in the front row, hey, Donah King, I get some of that icy set in the low voice referring to the two sparkling necklaces hanging around Calpeffer's neck. Calpeffer jumped up, pulled him off and brought him over to Townsend, a senior defensive back at Jacksonville Episcopal High School, who was paralyzed from the neck down with making a tackle on October. Townsend's went to last for a month in various hospitals, which released Wednesday, just in time to go to the Super Bowl event. After Calpeffer put the necklaces around Townsend's neck, his mother started to cry. His father talked about needing to get us safe with the expensive jewelry. Calpeffer went back to a seat and finished the awards award ceremony, Manning won the award, Martin won the ground one. After the ceremony was over, Calpeffer patiently answered questions dozens of them while keeping a close eye as jewelry across the room. One of the Diamond Lays necklaces was the number 11 Calpeffer's jersey's number, and the other was a large pepper for Calpeffer. Where is that kid at? I got to get my stuff back, Calpeffer said. Calpeffer then walked over to the Townsend's ass and to write down the red dress we could send them something else as he took his necklaces back. Calpeffer wasn't sure what it would be. How do you like that, huh? You just cost me $6,000. There you go. How much? Oh no. $6,000. $1,000. Yeah. And two necklaces. So there's the difference between a guy that goes on. I never in my life were somebody getting knocked for doing something for charity. Right away, he's panicking to the Jews because Bob Craft took him along to Israel. And I guarantee they were real happy to see him over there. I know I sure so would be. If I open up my door and there was a knockout that were in Tom Brady, which then there was hey, come on in Tom. We let's sit down and have a couple of copy late days. I'll talk about it. Israel, if you give me some free home and touch them. There you go. I hope this guy that caught him with us trying to make a big stink about this thing. The other thing reminds me, I hope he chokes on his instale little trying your home and touch because for sure he's the kind of guy that's eating those. You know, it reminds me of the day I got that facts about you wouldn't read the story. I remember that. Oh, I think every city just affects. Right. And then you said to me, I read it. I remember what is about and then I'll get a poll. You have some sort of a dog. I don't know what that was. I don't know what that was. I was supposed to be like we're covering up the news on the show. Okay, that's why we're so newsy because we're real selective. Okay. Believe me, if I want to see the story about Tom Brady, that would have caught my eye. Much more than that blind chick that I saw yesterday. And he's still pretty or she is. 560560. Town 570. Like he needs to pander to people, right, to get their admiration and their letter. He needs to pander. Oh, she's with some of you people really. You and and you wonder why America's in the shape that it's in. You can hear it coming across the border with echo is all the way. We've reverberates like that. Which we hasn't reverbed to put on it. Like just like that. God, you can hear it. WDQAM, hello. Nucle head line WDQAM, hello. Over two WDQAM, hello. Candy Calpec or line. Wow. Okay, over three. Let's see if we can make it a clean sweep. I'm sure we will because here's the eddy line. QAM. Bobo, Bobo, Bobo, alright. See, I know I had a time who's on. My good or what? If I could do his good at the track or my machines, man. I'd be a billionaire. I'm going to start putting up some of them billion dollar bills like the god and california. We got that. So I probably won't get to it. I'm not getting too much of my piled on here today because Josh is too busy like defending a central sexuality. That five six seven oh five six. You don't need to defend okay you're getting more action in one week than most of these guys are getting in five years. So what do you worry about? This is true. Well, so there what's the problem? There is no harm here. Who cares what other people think that you needed to advice yourself that I went off the bat? Like you got to be so careful not to say it there. Who cares? Scrum. It's not what it's about. What is it about? It's just exactly how he said he doesn't give it a thought. It looks of course they have a shape we asked. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's what he said. I'm here home. You even don't ran out. You're fairer. Dominic, do you see what he had? Hello. Oh, now we're like over five. Let's see if we keep it going. QA and hello. Third. Six. Dominic QA and hello. Seven. WKOM. Hello. I have no comment. A WKOM. Hello. Third. No. What are we laughing about? We're going for a minute. We're going for a minute. WKOM. Hello. Here. Over Neil. Oh, you chopped us off at nine. We're going for ten. Yes. Neil. Hey, we're talking about a couple of things real quick. In terms of judging other men how they look, I mean that doesn't make you gay. That's just a judgment. How new course is it? It was like, you know, I see that launch it yesterday who was a knockout. Did that make me straight because I thought that myself made this target. I don't think so. It's just the one with all the things that they had. That this is what their own sexuality. That's what it is. That's the care in your sexuality. You don't care about that. Third, you know, you walk by a man and say, that's a good looking guy right there. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. That was the question. Because Neil walks by a woman and said, that I could look at him and question. A question was, if you saw a really strikingly good person, would you recognize it and think, man, that's it. That's a good thing. He does. You see a good looking guy and you recognize that. Yeah, I mean, if I see a good looking guy, I'm not going to say it out loud. I mean, I drive my guy or what? Well, I didn't say it out loud. I wish they say, holy cow, look at that bunch of man. I don't say it out loud either. But I sure saw it. You know, everything is that. Even three movies should check out Neil. Even three movies. Marina, if the forefirm, film in Italy. Victory in a huge way. Right, the colder. I remember him, yes. Marina, the second one is the pure gig as they got from the wedding crafters. And they're like a sales job. Movie, a sales movie like the one on Grand Gary, going along. Right. And you just call for $6,000. Cube. Think about people trapped in a maze and trying to get out of it. What does it call? Cube. You can hear like that. Oh, cube. Cube has a cube. Right. And it's the cube. Right. Cube. The last thing is, why do we treat last murder with so failing? The slow but I'm the most of it. Why didn't we just murder that guy? He was a man. Maybe they did. Maybe they don't care why. We call this time. Why don't we just poison this kishki or something? Why is Adam and saying on trial, just execute the guy already. There you go. And then, all right, how come we don't hear anything about what's his name? Sherry is Eric and Fred is name already. Eric else are wrong. Yeah. I think they poisoned his stomach. OK, thanks, pal. Good call. See? Pube and tube. And I thought we were getting a totally told me about about 45 minutes. I got it right here. Where is it? 17,935. Well, so no resent includes the internet as well. That includes the internet. Well, that's pretty weak today. As Wednesday, we're looking at trying to get 10. We've got a short show to Arkham's. The ballgame. Thanks. Good. Thanks, God. But we want to get to 20 grand by the end of Friday. I don't think that's going to happen. Well, when we start at the beginning of the month, we started. We can have this. So the good or better is we've ever done on this station. I'm in station. Our destination. So cares about this station and air. Obviously, others. We should have said to John talk about race and money for the community and race and money for good causes. We used to race 60, 80, 100,000 routinely. I mean, sure we had to work like crazy. I'm actually there's another package down there for me. I'm going to go get it during the break. Go get it. A place in June, okay? Well, you're going. Yeah, a place in June is when I find you found it. It's a new Roger. It's a five, six, six, six. Oh, wait, what's it get that package? It's all right, it's all right. That's why I don't. It's all right, but that's why I don't. There are a place to mod this Yahoo. You need the two. Well, that we're talking about. You get it. Are you starting to get about the last talk? It's a favorite subject. Man, I thought it's Josh's favorite subject. Guys, I'm trying to get him over on my side. From when I heard from Clarence this morning, you guys were evidently investigating something. Right? Well, this is one of the, I ordered a whole bunch of stuff. I was hoping it's the noodles. No, it's not. That's probably going to get here tomorrow. Okay. This is low-carb sauce. Oh, to go with the noodles. At least I figured it is. I haven't been able to get it open yet. I just, okay, I'm gonna put on the floor. Jesus. Oh, no. So there's that. So how long was I gone? Oh, like 10 seconds. Oh, okay. So we'll just have to forget about that break. Okay. How's the pull coming? 15,935, which means we're close in our 18. I don't know. Because if we don't have the 20 grand by being able to show our Friday, I'm walking out. Now, do we have tomorrow or on Friday? Of course, tomorrow, they exclusively will be a ball game. We don't want to go out like, you know, how come they can't go out between 10 and noon tomorrow? I don't know. I'll look into that. You know, by the way, because, you know, Baron Mining the Miguel's doing a lot of work on something that he didn't want to do in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. These commercial things aren't his idea. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't tell the Africans or whatever. I don't. The. The. Oh. You know. You know. Come on up that tree. Can we come down? Okay. Last. Here. Now. Now we ï¿½al it. He nar Sew n' back and on. Sooner or later tomorrow might inflate. I don't know. Good night. This is Mr. They don't want to teach you, they don't want to be associated with me with you. Certainly not what Josh and I was talking about guys. Ask, I mean, the hell with him. What political talking had news reader or calmness due to spies most? Maybe that's what he meant by being in good shape. Maybe if he has a shape, he asks. I think he's in the pact. 566 and Coror has got 266. He's got almost half the votes. She's got in the place. Pamp, you can't in 54, but no pegs. 41. I hate this, 439. Bucker Carlson 24, cute, bow ties sweetheart. James Carville 24, I don't know any 23. Mary Madeline 15, Chris Matthews 14, George step on top of us. A 13, Wolf Blitzkrieg, the anxious one 10, the pedantic one, the British one, the 10, Tim Russert 9, Rindaud 8, Shimonu, so let it a Brian 7, Paul Cragman 6. See the right wingers have got their shots in here? Fred Barnes 4, George Will 4, Lou Dobbs 4, Jack Cavity 2. Thomas Greedman 2, I, Kira Philves still only my vote. David Brooks 1, David Router 1 and Baby Cannon. They have no idea who that is. At all, note. Now what's this thing about Jennifer Wells that they do when I'm seeing, oh, Elizabeth Wells, I'm sorry. Jennifer Wells, I bet you didn't even remember Jennifer Wells. Who were an actress? Poor dad. No, I thought she was a singer. She was an old man. She was a old bag of the 70s, the Jennifer Wells. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, we're talking about guys with a great ass because Joshua, of course, is all whipped up into a frenzy. See, I mean, the fact is that when you look, when you, I see, I'm just given it honest, you guys can gild a little bit anyway you want to protect your image, whatever to, when you look at somebody, obviously you have a, there are different parts of your brain and of your, black dough, whatever that are affected by. In other words, if I would have been a straight guy and seen this blind chick yesterday, I would have thought, wow, and there would have been other little, uh, yeah, I can. That's right. Right. Or if it would have been a guy equally as good looking as she was, it would have got like, uh, I can't see, right? Didn't, and she wasn't. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless lines. So you really think we're doing pretty well on this fundraising thing? Oh, I, I, I, Miguel just gave me his metaphysical what we did in previous years here. Yeah. If you want that in 2001, our grand total was 97, 115. Well, I, we're sure I're doing that now. Then the O2 slash O3 campaign, remember we, uh, the double duty that year, because we didn't do one or whatever. Yeah. 55,000 total. Right. And both of those campaigns included key chains for where it's worth. Yeah, we got $7,000, $18,000. Now, I don't know why I'm not talking to grand total. I don't have an incremental thing. That was over three months. Yeah. Well, let me say this because we always get the big goose in the very beginning on the first day or two, like we did this year again. Right. If we got $18,000, let's say we had 20,000, 20,000. We must be up to 25 by the end of this month. So then it obviously falls off. Well, you're right. We can do 50. But that, that's pretty weak. We know we didn't pass. And this is the O2 years more than 30 of that anniversary edition's either, man. It works. The lecturers had him said somebody can like pedal on eBay. WQAM, hello. Hey, Miguel, good morning. Yes, sir. Hey, I just wanted to give you a little update about the third of the guy who's called the CEO of the internet. Yeah. I had sort of the same problem. I was wondering when it was coming. I sent an email back to Neil Godd Storre, whatever it was. They said they had just run out and they would be going out. They just got some behold bunch back in. And they would be going out of what? What do they just ran out? We just started visiting. How could they run out? But they ran out of whatever batches they had in their possession. Exactly. And so I guess that's good news that the batches are going out. Okay. Thanks, Pellie. You're a little bit tired of it. Can I give you a spare report? Yes. You like Lou Dobbs? No, I'm not really, you know. Tuesday, forward is going to be on. Oh, like I said, thanks for the bad news. Ah! I told you he made a big impact there for about a week and a half. He was screaming the old about the divide ports and about the illegal aliens and bushes of the mob and blah blah blah blah. And then he'll be for fact, if he always has been. And he's going to be doing the center regular basis. Bring on these these marginal so-called tacos. You saw the group a three year on two nights ago. Yeah. I wouldn't wish them on Heinrich Kimmer. Okay. Oh, God. Forget about Lou Dobbs. It was like a once in a lifetime thing. Like all of a sudden, you know, you got a burr up his ass. It's something that all of a sudden he was able to pluck it out. And I was re-reverting back to a usual business. 567.0560. 556 in the Verizon singular virus line. W2AN hello. Hey, Nili. Let me understand this. You can't tell my guy's good looking. We like to stand at the Ripple and muscle affairs. That's the up-weird gesture. That's here, John. He's asking you. I mean, I know you used the black. The point is that I'm not saying it a guy. I think I said this to me. So if he drinks enough ripple, he can see a good looking guy. Hey, what am I supposed to do with all this beautiful? That's not telling her around. That's not what I want to know. Okay. We'll tell you where to stick it. Okay. Okay. 567.0560. Who's the first guy to tell her? That's the important question. Pound and what was going on yesterday? What did we figure out with the technical, uh, uh, defeated, fueled these weird last couple of days? I don't want to have that happen again, uh, any mole. Yes, we did. What was someone in the control room happened to turn down your feed. Somebody in the control room, they just can't leave it alone. Then do it shows here four freaking years plus and who did notice who up this show is somebody in that control room. Do we know who it was? Cause I like to blow their brains out. No, we don't. Well, let's find out. I think it was Robert Creeper. Yeah, that's who I think it was. Amen. I don't think there's any doubt about it. He wasn't even working them, but I'm sure it was him. The anti-Christ, the Jewish anti-Christ Robert Creeper, self-hating. I mean, I mean, give me right now permission to pee on his home and talk. Before you guys today, W2AM hello. Leo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good. How was this, uh, are we on the air there? It sounds like us to me, yeah. Well, as far as we're on the air, I don't know if he's in this station. I think so. You never know. So, uh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I forgot what I was. You can do it. I know you about. Now you've got to know. You can do it. Make something up. I'm going to tell you about. Now you can do it. Makes up. Yeah, just make something up. I love you. Who's that? George in the background there. George is in the background. Yeah, it's good. This kill time. I'll just get Josh's over here too. Josh is admiring his rippled muscle. Oh, he hadn't gained too much weight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6. He's rising, sitting at a rattle slot. Well, he sounds like he had no finger. He's a soldier somewhere. Come in. Q, A, M, hello. Hello. Is he alive? Yes. I'm fine. I'd like to know where I could pick up the CD. Give money for the pet. Can you have a computer? Yes. Theorodgers.com. Any I, L, ROG, ERS, Theorodgers.com. It'll show you the click. You got a big picture of the CD and the t-shirt. And you click on her. Vote in the Orodger store. And you can order right there. Okay, does that time? I'd better carry. Love you so much. But the seeds killed them. I'm here in the hammered mines. And it's a long-gone thing. I was pulling time. I'm not sure if you'll ever see love you. Okay. Thanks, we'd like to. Thanks. How you like that? That's the guy. Can you believe that? The guy? The guy that's a police killer. Hardens, run, girl. Yeah, that guy. What do you remember? I do. We had this walk-out color after that happened. Well, you know, with your left-wing spin propaganda. Remember that guy? That's a lot of team guy that was tried to rationalize the fact they killed this guy? Yes, I do. Sorry, sweetheart. Sorry, I know it doesn't come. We had a lot of mail. Yeah. That's America for a honey. Well, that's pathetic. Just pathetic. Runing people's lives. Taking people's lives. Runing people's lives. He had a scale. He was a drug. Yeah. You got a president who's visiting the sacrifice in human lives over there by the thousands. Every day these horrors stories. We just had another bombing raid. Hit the wrong house again. Six months old kid is dead. A bunch of other men and women and children had nothing to do with any of this crap. And we can't understand why they don't love us by then I bring us those flowers and candy that they predicted to be given us. Yeah. But you're going to see a tag in the Iraqi salute. I'm getting out of here already. Where was still alive? Is that a matter of fact? Let me move it up in my pile. Just to show you about like Ed Rollin said the other night. We don't give you good news from Iraq because there isn't any. And this is a Republican. There isn't any good news. Electricity output is dipped to its lowest point in three years in Iraq. Or the desert sun is rising toward another broiling summer. And US engineers are winding down the rebuilding of the crippled power grid. Oh, good timing. Kind of like in South Florida when a season comes, you know, starts getting real busy. And the O.T. starts in a whole highway work. The Iraqis in fact may have to turn the neighboring Iran to help bail them out of their energy crisis if not this summer, then the years to come. The oldest rest now work is producing less than half the electricity needed to meet Iraq's exploding demand. American experts are working hard to show up to systems weaknesses as 100 degree plus temperatures approach beginning as early as May, driving up usage of air conditioning electric fans in refrigeration. If the summer is unusually hot, however, all bets are off so Lieutenant Colonel Otto Busher and engineer with US Army's fourth infantry division. We're living miserably said, Housewife, Suad, Hassan, mother of four, and one of millions in Baghdad who have been during three years of mostly powerless days under US occupation. That's powerless as it literally and figuratively. Her family usually goes without hot water and machine washing. She said, and often my children have to do their homework in the dim light of oil lamps. Like I said, the Stone Age, almost. My school in George Bush, and they're then in their pissed off and rest-fine gold, because he wanted to slap him on a wrist, all of a self-identit article. He says that Democrats are covering and he happens to be absolutely correct. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5668. I am fraily an arrasal woman, and I like scrubbing my smell of oil as with soap made from jewels, and listening to the mirror. Okay, I'm gonna use the hour. Sikai and from the world. You're united, everybody represents infrastructure safety in the hands of congenial terrorists. Hello, I am Sikai, I haven't ever knew what to buy. Friends of your life, he presents family for many years. In view of the recent proof of us buying your boards, I am here to educate you about the future acquisition. We're yet to take that ends, not brainwashed, not brainwashed. Sitting important to not letting more than a few grades in a parking lot, but we really want to purchase a new challenge in factories that do stay in highways from your land and your soul. We have the money to operation the easier it's pretty and dollar deficit. We will soon anyway. Which we perfect for future events. Perhaps now I live with a better understanding of the UAE. Congenit to do so can boost the power of your more models. So for your shareholders and believe all that you hear is media with our question. And no harm to you. If you accept dollar and you are not a Jew. But it's Google App Ocean all up and no barrier. It's trouble when it's fire 60 every 2 QAM. While mainstream media outlets have touched on the fact that Democrats blocked an effort, I wanted their own essential president, Bush, or Briez, more or less, by our tabbing program, raw story has found that Senate Democratic offices are fuming. The improposal descent to the president was introduced on Sunday, talk show by Senator West Find gold, Democratic Wisconsin, probably from Nina, and Asia. Do you ever have Nina, and Asia? Who? They all said they believed the program more and more investigation. Several Sunday, as we've viewed the angle for proposing a censure, they say that has moved had the potential to be real Democratic efforts. The strength of the party's image on Homeland Security issues, noting that a large part of the country believes the EU's dropping program should continue. Bush has defended the program calling it a terrorist surveillance program, and has used AIDS to defend its legality. You see that all they're doing is looking at the polls. And right now, just like once upon a time, they all are agreed with the war, too. Remember that? That's right. You voted for it. You idiots, you fools, you clowns. Starkingly, some of the criticism has come from little Senate offices. One long time, Senate, it was particularly skating. Find gold's grandstandings screwed the pooch and played in the bill for his hands, he had said, thank God Democrats tunted this down the field. First was going to force Democrats to vote on a resolution. Had kept a big secret, and would have split the caucus out of the issue that he'd either time to get the whole caucus to support. Russ Find gold had only one person's interest in mind with his Sunday bombshell, and those were his own. He practically headed the victory to a Bush White House that this clearly needs a win. Find gold, a phantomist venture plan on Fox News of all places, and said, I'm amazed at Democrats towering with this president's number so low. The administration just has to raise the specter of war, and the Democrats run and hide. Too many Democrats are going to do the same thing. They did in 2000 and 2004. In the face of this, they'll say, we'd better just focus on domestic issues. Democrats shouldn't cowardly argument that whatever you do if you're quite in the administration, you're helping the terrorists. But again, that's an Democrats that say, you know, Julie women's party. Well, I think, yeah. When, when we in whiny baby, jellyfish, finalists, embarrassing humiliating and degrading. Oh, look who's in trouble again. Josh, who's in trouble again? Dwight couldn't. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We didn't awfully tired of his crap. But Tyler was cracked. Crack. Crack. Yeah. Tampa, your hometown, Tampa. My hometown, guys have really shape. But if you say so, nine don't think so. Former, in fact, I is very wary of you see like anybody like human-looking in Tampa. You ever notice that? Well, a ton of cars here. It was, no, I'm serious. Like what they orange hair in the blue, lifts in the whole deal. Blue eyebrows. Former baseball star, Dwight Gooden was arrested until the day and charges of The 41-year-old pleaded guilty in November the speeding way from police after a DUI-traffic staff in August 2004 and was sentenced to three years' probation suspended a sentence. Yesterday, he went to a regular meeting with a probation officer. I'm under a fussesman, was there Billy Lewis from a guiding light. Where he admitted to using cocaine according to Joe Allen Racklev, a spokeswoman for the Department of Corrections. He went to his regular meeting with his probation officer, admitted to the officer that he used cocaine. He did a drugstorey and he tested positive for cocaine. Oh my God. Oh. Good and was then arrested. Oh, I'm glad to wait a reason I just rift so good. Oh, is that taste good? So that was my little card. Pasta sauce that just showed up. Six big jars. Man, it's good stuff. That almost no carbs. So waiting for them noodles, man. What else do you want us to be here tomorrow? A good timing, no, see. If they actually turned out to be edible, he could burl him up right there on the shelf. I can be right here on the ear. Good and was then arrested and taken to the Hillsborough County jail Racklev City's been held without bond. We'll be requesting that he remain in jail with no bond because he filed an probation assistant state attorney, Pam Bondi said there she is again. Who would you have a story about her the other day? Son, familiar? Violet Bondi? Who? Good and was voted the 84 we know about this. He did this, but he put it up. He's making his first appearance in court today. Bondi said, Violet Bondi, an old actress on a year ago. Will you get rid of it? It's wrong with you. Christ, if you forgot to even remember Roger Mudd. Five, six, seven, and there's the head of the Shenaigans in the court again. And the judge said, oh, right. Right. The court said, man, Sodom was testifying and said, all of you insurgents don't be attacking each other. Attack the enemy, Yadia. And so they kicked the media for like five minutes and they let him back in. And then they finally said, the hell with it, and we're going to adjourn the lay profile. That's going to go on forever. Yeah. Well, all of the evil doers said the O.J. trial. No good. Except we cannot understand what they're saying. What political talking head, news reader or comments do despise the most? And colder, not even close. 286 over 46 percent of all the votes. How many votes we got? 67, not too bad. Pantheon, 61, Bob Novak, 43. I hate this poll, 41, and we hate you too. James Carville, 26, Tucker Carlson, 24. I don't know any, 23. Mary Madeline, 17, Chris Matthew 17, same guy. George Steph on top of a 13, well, let's greg and Tim Rischer 11 apiece. Chin Hado Brian, I mean, yeah, nine. More, what kind of a name is solely that, huh? And that's like Sonny, I thought Sonny's a guy's name. Okay, hit it. She's a Cuban Irish. The hell with her? Marine doubt eight, Paul Cragman six, Fred Barnes five, George Will for, Lou Dobbs for Jack Capretty two, Thomas Friedman two, Kira Phillips, Slies only one mine. David Brooks one, baby can't find a guy to vote and David wrote a total phony. He's got one. David, Brian, another one is make believe, but liberals just like Tom Friedman. She's locked, Cuban, no one? Irish. Well, let me tell you something like, Mike, friend. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60, and he Verizon, singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. He's done. Put him in the same category with the other one. In fact, well, I mean, put him, he's already in the same category with him. Dr. Demento will be on about a half an hour Gilbert, okay? Dr. Demento, get a life, you're out. That's really sad. I hope if anybody out there sees Gilbert Solomon, you're going up to like break his glasses. Right over. WQAM, hello. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, it's a good subject to bring up. I'm not gay. What's the subject, is that? You mean, well, I'm not gay first of all. No, we believe you. Okay, I see a lot of it. A lot of good looking men everywhere. What's the job with that? I don't know. I mean, they're everywhere. Where I go, they're right there and they are. Well, I'll be following you around that case. Thanks for the good news, pal. Okay. They're all over the place. Seriously, now, I think you make such a big deal on it. I just, I was mentioning because it struck me in passing as I was, walking past these beautiful creatures yesterday. She was just, she was on a scale of 10. I give her at least an 80. I mean, she just gorgeous of her. And I recognize that fact. And I thought, wow, what a knockout. Yeah, well, what's wrong with that? No, it's wrong with that. Nothing. And I'm sure that if another female would have walked by, if I'm a man, or a man, take a look at her. She's really something. She was very well dressed and just, you know, had a great body. Like the guys that Josh had Myers. She was in good shape. If you might not have been a good shape when you two got through, there was you looked pretty good shape to me. Why? Big deal. Oh no, man, run a high on the head of the head of the head. Like the whole saw today. It's just very amusing to what's all I do. I just silly asked heteros. Uh huh. How many QA and hello? Pay Neil. You have to go in for the poll. You should have a Charles Crowham or the guy in a wheelchair? Oh, yeah, Charles Crowham or another Nazi. Yeah, not see the wheel can be a response. I feel sorry for him, yeah. You can win for the ugly talking head, too. That's true. Okay. Thank you. Sir, Charles Crowham or just like it sounds. It's awfully intimidating. What? KRA-U-T-H-A. Crowham or it sounds like the Nazis will hate you. Yeah. Believe you me. If you ever heard him speak, I understand. Trust me. I wonder if the hammer. I'm just who we're talking about. WQA and hello. I got the part. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I was already knocking on one off. Four, he. Me. Four, he. I restarted. Well, that's because I was looking for. Well, I may tell you something, my crowd. Nick, friend. That was again, another of our Charles Crowham or. What if he is a crowd? Tell me the QA and hello. He sure is sour. I'll tell you that. QA and hello. That's kind of a question. Tell me the QA and hello. Nill. Yes, sir. The next time you see a hot chicken, you should act like a man. Oh, oh, oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, seven, oh, five. Sixty, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, six, four. Are you people amusing and funny? Huh? Even he thinks you're a panic and he's an idiot. WQA and last call then I can delve into my big pile. Hello. Hey, Nill. Yes, sir. What do you think is job for a mad blonde? A bigger part. What do you think of B-d blonde? Okay, see, I waited until a second after then. We were a little bit more out. I didn't hear him the first time either. No, no. I knew it. I sure said it twice a week like just a simple whole thing. No. Doug Thompson says going from bad to worse. Nearly three and see there again. There's the idea. See, that's a whole concept. All you had was the great respect that you have for beautiful women. tragic. I'm not a search winner. Those anti-corruption. What do you mean by that? No one is an insult to me. No chance. Going from bad to worse by Doug Thompson. Nearly three years ago, the United States, the USA, took the unprecedented step in creating a country that posed no media threat to our security, launching a war based on fabricated intelligence, false assumptions and outright lies. Today is that country plunges headlong into civil war. Our leaders continued fabricate claims of improvements, make false promises of progress, and lie outright about our prospects. There were mistakes across thousands of American lives, along with lives of tens of thousands of innocent civilians and those numbers are going up every day. It's a bloodbath. Because of the Iraq War America's less safe than before 911, more reviled throughout the world as an arrogant boy that ignores its own sub-profess concern for human rights, integrity and laughing stock, among the intelligence agencies of other nations. While the Bush administration claims progress, insurgent attacks are run arise, and Iraqis in general are much worse off than they were before the US invade the three years ago. The Brookies' institution was tracked progress or lack of it in Iraq reports power outage in the country, and fewer Iraqis have electricity now than before the war, like in that previous story. Few are of access to clean water or a sanitary sewer system. This winter is the first time I'm generally discouraged about economic transit Iraq. Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow in foreign policy studies at Brookings, Tolies' is a zegaloriom, a cl Latin newspaper is this week, a cl Latin hitter once a botanite writer. While there is some good news for the first time, there is no more good news than bad news he added. The US has spent $21 billion to supposedly rebuild Iraq, and nobody is really sure what it meant, or what's suspending is accomplished if anything. Retired rear admiral David J. Nash, who headed the office to oversee reconstructed Iraq, now admits that if there was a plan to rebuild Iraq, it never got to him, and his office started with a blank sheet of paper. After nearly three years, those on the ground in Iraq say that she to paper is still blank. Stuart Bowen Jr., what if he's getting a Joe Bowen? Special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction says the opportunity to build Iraqis by and large, a failure. The lethal environment Iraq continues to pose extraordinary challenges to reconstruct and construct his bone admits, and that lethal environment is getting worse now better. For the last 18 months, we've been in a low grade civil wars, as former AP and New York Times have put a crystal for Auburn, now blogging from Iraq. The ESC are bombing, kicked us up to medium grade, I guess you might call it. Both Sunnis and Shia's book and do are waiting and preparing for it, and a very preparation might make for a self-fulfilling prophecy for many Iraqis. It's only a matter of time before a full blown civil war. Some American commanders underground south of the trouble coming with their concerns were ignored at the Pentagon, where the battle plan covered, dealing with a meaningless resistance from a son of Musaim's defunct Republican guard, while ignoring the more real threat of the Fed-I-Ean, the grassroots militant group that continues to fight and disrupt today. The unexpected tenacity of the Fed-I-Ean and the battles of Nassaviria, Samalwatin, the job and other towns on the road to Baghdad, was an early indication that the adversary was not merely a son of Musaim's law-diver public in guard, right in New York Times, a quarter-micro-gordon and retired general Bernard Trainer in the new book, over two, they run with your board Lou Bavs last night. But while many officers in the field assessed the Fed-I-Ean is a dog at foe, General Tommy French and Defense Secretary rum fell saw them as little more than speed bumps on the way to Baghdad. A Musaim office who tells media-western tells agencies never understood Saddam Hussein or the Middle East, and the CIA is a laughing stock among other worlds by organizations. CIA and NSA have become too dependent on high tech gizmos, and analysis don't have enough feet on the ground in sensitive areas to fully understand the mindset of their enemy she says. They watch CNN and stare at their computer screens and think this is how the government tells us it is not. Americans on the ground in Iraq aren't laughing. They're dying and will continue to die and a war based on threats that didn't exist, launched by dishonestly vis-a-vis with private agendas, and managed by Pentagon bound generals who won't listen. Iraq is not the only country worse off than before the invasion, so is the country that invaded it. A was proud nation turned intern international bully, a nation that can cover up the whole country and the country. The US, a 2015 eserbord dog Thompson men are going to come and take his ass away one of these. We're going to warn you. It's going to happen right in front of us. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. We're going to warn you. Thank you. Tony Passnell, William Brider writes in the nation. Know who Bill Brider is? No. It's a former editor of the Rolling Stone. Okay? And Washington Post. Anyway, he writes, say, peculiar politician in the nation. Senator Rush Fyngall is an embarrassment to the US Senate, which makes him an authentic hero of the Republic. It was constant Senator to get some and says, how loud what half of the country is thinking talks about every day. This president broke the law and lied about it. He trashed the Constitution, he hides himself in the flag. Find gold asks, shouldn't the Senate say something about this? At least he expressed our disapproval. He introduces a resolution of censoring calls for debate. Well, that tore it in the August Chamber of Lawmakers. Democrats scurried away like scared rats and Republicans tore it at the thought. You want to censor our warrior president, the guy who defends us every day against terrorists attacks. Let's have a vote right now that the Republic can lead or not be a judge. That's not my judge. That's his judge. He joke is obvious to everyone in the Washington Club. Politics from principle is especially when it's about something as esoteric as the Constitution. It's a non-story the club agrees not a constitutional crisis. The Washington Post runs an obligatory account on page eight, quoting Mr. Ranana Mr. McRad strategist on the unwistom of fine gold gesture. The New York Times derand page 24 quotes the esteemed constitutional authority Dick Cheney. The House of Public and Leader who were placed in corrupt house leader who resigned, the announces fine gold's resolution is a political grandstanding of the very worst kind. Like to Republican impeachment bill Clinton for a filatio in the White House, go away fine gold. Let's get back to the people's business. The real story naturally overlapped by cynical editors is that an honest truth teller is loosened the fun house and disturbing the clowns, man bites dog, Senator Defense Constitution. Fine gold has a reputation for such quaint deviations, a need who is voted against the war in Iraq and the Patriot Act. Or, on principle, how naive is that? He talks like he might run for president. It seems to be told that to the artful residences of power politics the Qtig gains inside his play in the press cherishes. Hey, what is this Constitution thing anyway? The Senator is peculiar in this era of decaying democracy. There was a time, believe it or not, when his step was a familiar presence in the Senate. I think of Sam Irvin of North Carolina, a conservative Democrat I most matters, but always a lion on the institution. Irvin is remembered for his heroic role in the investigation of Watergate. All cameras remember that before Watergate, Senator Sandley courageous hearings on the illegal spine unsubtions by the army and the FBI, Democratic scandals predating Nixon. When liberalism was in flour, the Senate always included a good mix of such maverick voices. They were party loyalists, but departed on principle in ways that sometimes kept the majority honest. voted against the prisons where in Vietnam and never let up. Ernest Groning of Alaska, Wayne Morris of Oregon, Al Gore Senior of Tennessee, Phil Harder of Michigan was the only one man we formed party, George McGovern of South Dakota was another. We might ask why the Republican party hasn't produced a similar collection of independent thinkers. We might more in the fact that for swimming or career in the Senate, no longer seems compatible with stubborn self-directed character. The media instead of kissing our fine gold as a dumb politician might do a little honest reporting on the substance of what he is saying. For the moment, hi, I will celebrate the man. The trouble tried to shove him in a closet and forget his little unpleasantness ever happened. I hope they will, and other Democrats are properly embarrassed. amidst scandals in high places, Senator Fingold is fresh air. The country should rise up in sing. Says Bill Gruyer. How do you like that? I'll rise up in sing. Go Bill, final wheel. Think for your supper, baby. Will that phone? Dennis Adorno, man. Little bit more like that. You're not fooling anybody. If I answered that last question is still low. Would you take one from Tom Brady? How's that? I don't think it's a bad sweet. Think about it. It makes you so much sense, doesn't it? Let's see. Myopic, baby. Myopic lives in a narrow level universe just like so most people live in their own little world. They can't understand why everybody else doesn't take the same and act the same and do the same. They just don't get it. Some people like Tom with chunk of whatever else and some people like Facebook. Okay, whatever. Some people like vanilla ice cream. People with no taste, people with no taste buds. But God, and that revolved already. Good loss, will you please? Speaking of bud. He's moving back in the house. I've been already with that show. Kill it. WQAM, hello. Who's no hot people in the outside? WQAM, hello. That's for damn sure. There is no hot people in that show. That's for sure. QAM, hello. Body, go. WQAM, hello. More online. Yes, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I believe you're speaking about the A.V. on Birdflow. Yes. And then our body, Texas President Bush's infinite wisdom to remedy this problem. Apparently there's reports that he'll be bombing the Canary Island. Did you hear any? Yeah. WQAM, hello. 2AM. Don't touch on like the Vedantic way. He said there's a report that he's going to be. Sure had us, fool. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What's with this business about censoring the President? Well, that will be bad accomplish. I'm being a part of. What would any accomplish? Well, what are you talking about censoring the President? What does that mean? The final guy. He wants to, we made this have a blue representation. censoring censoring? Yeah. censoring. How do you spell that? What you have with the author? Yeah. There's how he has spits around his presidents. Without understanding what the fees are, one cannot make irrational analysis about whether or not the product is. He's too intelligent for America. He'll never get in. He speaks like it like it and tells it human being. He ain't never going to get in. Oh, and speaking of the Birdflow, I got a great story on it. I've started getting that peanut butter, and I get my powdered milk. And my tuna fish right now, stock it up. This is Neil Rodger. I thought you were going to put on the bed with it. It's five, sixty, two, eight, four, five. Yeah, big-and-bad movies, by the way. Guess what I watched last night. That's a whole thing, thank goodness. And I don't want to keep doing this. I keep it. Oh, and in fact, I watched two bad movies last night. Really? And I'm so glad you didn't watch Secret Window with Johnny Depp. No, I heard nothing but bad things about it. It's really bad. As a matter of fact, I'll run it for you. The whole thing is that character with a hat is his imagination. I hate crap like that. It's similar to that. Yeah, it's one of these movies where you watch the whole thing. And at the end, like the last time, I already realized it's just his imagination. I think he's killing these people. And he's been setting that house on fire. That's probably the most people things. That's why we're going away from fight for our man. So, you know, I scroll the ending for it, but believe me, I saved you a lot of time. As much as I liked Johnny Depp, they'd move me sucks. And then, yeah, I'm channel surfing after the least one I gave him a shootout. Nice gone. Darcy, you idiot. And then there's a movie that I've seen as Villian Tans and every time I don't know why you know, there's some movies you just watch it. Like I've talked about that birth movie, the other night with the, what's your name? Nicole. Nicole Kidman. John Veev, uh, Luzhou, right, and Cliff Robertson of session. Okay, never seen that. I'll take so. I might have. And also, the words of the guy from, um, it's a lie. What's his name, John Luzcao? Okay. It's alive. But anyway, it's awful. She looks an awful lot like that. And you know who the hell she is. She's, um, she's, uh, and he wouldn't love me. He wants to be your, uh, she's a lady. She's a lady. She, she looks a lot like Claudine Lange. She's cute. She was. Yeah. Well, the movie she was. This is an old movie. But anyway, the crux of the thing is that he, uh, his wife is first wife but dies. And but we put him a canvas and that he killed her, which he didn't. And his, his business partner, who's on look at her, swindles him. And then she had a daughter. And then the daughter, uh, you know, Jean Luzcao arranges his, that, in, in, in Rome, uh, he hooks up with a daughter. And, uh, the encounters when she looks, he's spitting image of the mother. And he falls madly in love with her. And it's horrible. It's awful. Do not watch some session with her. Okay. Okay. I won't. Anybody get naked? No. Okay. They'll point them. Now, Joshua and like that, there was no, no ass, male female. Non-descript, no ass. What's the point? It was a man. And this, uh, like I said, secret window. I got that. Remember the first time I told her, I thought it was horrible. It was just awful. Well, you know, there's nothing on you. Still got that DVD of, uh, of my son, men. I got that. I got chin was, let's not go to Josh Inc. Well, the safest bet is of my son, then. Oh, nothing controversial. So, I don't think we need to think of that election. There's, there's no. I know you're not going to watch her. I bet you, and I, I give up. I bet you anything that they're eating those little triangular home and touch and like, Dave Halberstein said, you yesterday, how about you anything times the donuts? It's a bank home and here. It's about a market, a market here that has holophop, but I just give up trying to make you watch that. We're not exciting. They're holophop. How about you scoot out and get some now? Hmm. I would have thought that you have all of that. You know what? How about taste like? Yeah, I like all of that. No, it's not good. It tastes like cardboard. Yeah. Well, I like cardboard. And they have like chocolate flavored holophop. Which tastes like chocolate cardboard. I like chocolate. I like it. I'm sorry. Chocolate. Wait till you're this. Robert G. Webster is one of the few burps of the experts confident up the answer to the key question. Or excuse me, there's a pigeon on my balcony. Will the Amy on flu switch from posing a terrible hazard of birds to be killing a real threat to humans? That's what inquiring minds want to know. The people are running out there and putting it. And you know this, nobody's running with a supermarket and cleaning out the shelves from the tuna fish and the powdered milk. And I'll ask you this. What's the point of the powdered milk? Can you answer me down? Or the tuna? What's the point of all of it? Well, I'm in a tuna, at least it's a canned food. I mean, of course, putting it under your bed is stupid in the first place. But I mean, canned foods I can understand because they're not going to be contaminated. But what's the point of the powdered milk? I don't know. What's like up to do with the birds. As to being like, you're smoking the chickens. They're about even odds of this time. Fitting for the Irish children, how to transmit human human nature, ABC's world news tonight? Robert Weftre, I wonder if he's kind of Fred Weftre Jr. Or Benny the Weftwebster. Weftre the Rosemary Thomas Chair at St. Jude's Children Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, or Mark Weftre. It's credited with being the first scientist to find the link between human flow and the bird flu. Weftre and his team of scientists are working to find a way to be the virus if it morphs. He's even been dubbed the flu of the flu hunter. Right now, H5 and 1 at type of A-B-on influenza virus has confided self to birds. It's for the birds. It can be transmitted from bird to human, but only by direct contact with the dropings and excretions of infected birds. That's why I got that pigeon out by living real quickly today. So, get out here before you drop one. Idiot. But virus is mutated in the big fear among the world scientists isn't the bird flu virus. Oh my God. It's cold or it's zip code and emerges a new and deadly flu that can spread through the air from human to human. If the virus doesn't mutate it, and I'm not certainly mean it will be detected. The people who is in this bird's butt. Experts such as Weftre say they must prepare for the worst wind and doubt panic. You want to know I'm grifting in and have a little more of that sauce. I could drink it with a straw. That's a good idea. What do you have it on your face? There's garlic. What is it called? Roasted garlic. And there's spicy tomato. And then there's another flavor. But really good. Almost no carbs. I personally believe it will happen to make personal preparation said Weftre. Who's doing three months of play a food and water with a somewhat in case of an outbreak. Can I ask you this question? Why three months? It's just a magic number. They pulled it out. Oh, how long does a pandemic last? I would imagine longer than that. Society just can't accept the idea that 50% of the population could die. And I think we have to face that possibility Weftre said, I'm sorry if I'm making people a little frightened, but I feel it's my role he said. 50% of the population who I got news for it. 100% of the population is going to die. How do you like that? And I'm positive about that. Hmm. Got nothing to do with burps though. Most scientists won't put it that bluntly, but many acknowledged Weftre could be right about the fully becoming transmissible among humans. Even though they believed the 50% of it could be a weeped too high. Or maybe that he's a little bit high. Researcher Dr. Ann Maskona at the New York wild Cornell Medical Center said that a human form may not mutate this year or next year or ever will be foolish to ignore the dire consequences if it did. Dyer. If Weftre will become not burps, but mutates in weftre can be transmitted between humans. We could then have a spread like wildfire across the globe. She said like wildfire. Who did that song? Oh, um. Yeah. Oh, we're going to have to look it up. No, they had. No one knows how long or how many mutations changes it would take for the bird flu to become a director of humans. It may not do it. There may just be too many changes. The virus may not be able to be human virus must go on a set. But that hasn't stopped here from searching for a new type of anti viral treatment that both will prevent and so the spread of earth flu. Who does wildfire? I wouldn't have gotten this in a million years. We just talked about it. I know and I still. One of those names. He's on the time life hits of the 70s. Three names. Still going on. Starts with an arm all three of them. Michael. Right. More. No. Martin. Michael Martin shorts. Murphy. I don't think that once we have human human transmission, it's going to be possible a container to you. That's why nearly every viral scientist in America, perhaps the world is waiting and watching me. Everyone who virus the secret range is a threat to birds. Our changes to netto code becomes a deadly threat to humans as well. Get that tuna baby. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Criminalized pot in Florida. That's the secret. Pushes in the morning. You want me to go like this? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You want me to go? I'm not that average. I have this question for me. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Who wants to hear such a thing? What the hell did we do? Don't keep this wide or we are hanging. In black new fortune, who is in the way? She said, who is in the prison right? The two of the crimes she said, who is in the way? She said, who is in the way? A passage to the river. She said, who is in the way? Stop with all this madness. I knew my staff would say, who is in the way? She said, who is in the way? The whole way, if you were to go away, you went away. She said, who is in the way? The passage to the river. The prophecy of the last six to seventy-three, I'm happy Wednesday, too. We've got a guilty at the Yenthus Center today. You're going to have to pay a hundred dollars if you're up and see him. I'll give you a key for that panter game tonight. There is going to be a rebellion by the fans. You have never seen me before. If you don't, you'll always see me before. Nothing. They barely ate. They sent a couple of facts. They made a couple of calls. They said, how easy people are. Whatever. Seriously, how many of them have to be in the way? They want to walk across the street and go to a subsidized or a crappiness or footnotes. They want to know how should I have to pay them five bucks for the honor or walk around their property? I think this is unprecedented. I could be wrong. If anybody knows of any other sports venue anywhere in the world, where your charge, just to walk out of the property, sports venue or any other event, right, anywhere. When they charge you just for the honor of walking through the fence, I'm there property. They want you to pay that park and fee baby. They want to cause you into park and air and in the coffin of the 20 bucks. Well, they can take the 20. First of all, that's 20 bucks I could buy. Maybe about a half a hot dog and a quarter of a soda inside. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But you people will do it because you're easy. You know, you know, no back bone. Like the Democratic Party. Same thing. You don't get a little bit nervous, my Alexa toolbar disappeared. I mean, I can install it instantly. They even have an issues like we like to go up to the top and right click. Make it come back. Right click on one. Like just anywhere on the bar, like a long words as file, edit view, bookmarks, like right click on there. Yeah. And maybe there's an option to check it. So as Alexa and it's checked, if not, oh, really? All right, then do this. Click on view. Yeah. Then two bars. Oh, I have already done that. Really? And I could like so it's checked. Huh. You think I really do that? You think that meant much of a minor legal on this stuff? It just vanished. I've been using it all morning and it just disappeared. And I think it's a government man. I think it's Bush. It's Booch. WQA and hello. QAM. QAM. Good bit. I'm Camille. Yes, sir. I will use certain things. I'm excellent. This whole stadium that five dollars charge is very ridiculous. I mean, I've been to number a different ball parks and you take public transportation to stay in the village in San Francisco. Does that mean when you get off the train or the subway, then you have to pay five pups to get into the game? I mean, does it just make sense? Can I have you ever heard of any place anywhere where you have to pay? I never have. And I've gone to a game a lot of games this year. I have to find a Atlantic Center. And actually it's quite orderly. I park at this saw, grass. I have dinner over there. Other times it's just park. Well, when you know how many games I've been to there ever since the first day that they over the land plays the Zillion games, I never see any of his stereo. Or any problem with like Zillions of people pop block and traffic across the street. That's just an excuse, man. They just want to hold those people off. That's exactly right. It isn't excuse. The sunrise police are right there. One can't depart by their extremely nice. It's a looped. Right. The crowds wait. And then when they paid across across. What I did notice is that the song that actually closed off. The couple of the exits from the parking line. And that's caused the traffic to back up. So you can't go out at every exit. They make you go out either one or two different exits. And the traffic is horrendous getting out of there for some sort of... It's called a little bottleneck. Yeah, same thing I did with it. The PPP Park. Maybe it's the same crap. It's can drive. So. Well, good luck to you, pal. You don't give it up. Don't give up to five bucks. Tell them Scoria. To how with you. You want to find an inlucky city. If it's like a family of four. Right. And they haven't clarified this. But it says each person who walks through that gate that they're going to put up. Everybody walks under a strange light first. By the way, we'll see tonight. But just as a protest, I would just say hey, how with them. In Scoria. I'll stay on watch it on TV for free. By the way, I'm going to say something. You're going to get upset because you don't like him. And I try to be fair. Okay. I'm going to tell you who really sounds good these days since he got out of that town. And that's your buddy, Rimmer. He's doing the Columbus game channel. Oh, I've never had an opinion about the job. Because you don't know it. Well, I think he was the first of all of the nice pod band. Never let him say any way to get off into all these other tangents to not do the game. Because of these in India. He can be the greatest. He's the best. He's the best. He's not the greatest. But he's actually a really good job there. We'll call him. You do a bit of pain in my hands. He's going to jerk. Yeah, that's true. All of those things are true. But he's doing the he sounds as in times better. And he's got an exciting team. And he's just the difference is incredible. And I'm a way for me. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Dominique you a. Hello. Hey Neil. I just got finished reading that article. Yeah, but you did. Who read it to you? Dominique you a. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? All right. Third. Yes, sir. I'm doing. I was quick question for George. I'm going to let that. I downloaded the firefox from my thing. I'm not computer. But I can. I got a virus called. Children horse that I can't get rid of it. It's kind of the do the firefox. Purch your computer. Have somebody reformat the entire damn thing. Purch. Purch. And we install. We all. And I never use explorer again. So that you don't get that. Although the election does work. My story. I don't think that might have something to do with this. Do you know. Let me put on firefox because at least that I wouldn't have to wear my words my. Alex right. Because it doesn't work with that. Oh, there's firefox. See, I'm a new computer. I don't have any problem with any of these things. In addition to which. Every morning just just for the helmet just through Team Lee. I run at the spy bond. Okay. And it cleans everything out. I also price you clear out. Lexi. Maybe I did that by Mr. I don't think possible. Although. I couldn't get rid of the elected toolbar even after I uninstalled it. Everything. Really. I still couldn't get rid of it every time I opened up the. Maybe you got mine. Maybe. Did you close your explore and then reopen it? Yes, I've been. We've been in the whole computer. I'm thinking a little top. Huh? I can't get it to not come up. I'm going to. So you said mine back please. Okay, here comes. WQAM. Jumbo. By the way, that Joe's a geeky that promo you know that for the abol game. No, I don't know. No, we just played it. The band. I'm really good at tuning. That is. And it's so. Now, Jack knows what I'm talking about. It is so embarrassing and so degrading. How can we play that? You know, do you know the one I'm talking about that you just played a minute ago? Yeah. Am I right? Okay. Listen, you are such a worse man. You know, we're about him talking about guys. Forget about anything. Okay. You are understanding that you want to see me. You're scared of your own shadow. Who's going to pay a little bit over at Power United States? We've got more to go. You know, Joe's a gacky pain. Me? What's wrong with you? I don't know. I mean, what's going to be gacky? He's got naked pictures of you with Miguel or something. What's his story? Nothing. There's nothing. I want you to say the truth. Something your mouth has said something. Be a man like, what's his name? Martin DeGrando said that's it for cried out loud. You're gonna talk to me. But come out. There you go. Christ. I hear about. 17,935 and you're telling me your story about how we're doing so great on that fun reason. It's only been a week and a half. Well, when he handed me this Miguel reminded me that. He handed that to you. That 2001 where we got 97,000. That was the year, the last year I believe, where you did appearances. Yeah. And you know, we would have thrown it. In other words, you're going to give me a son as well. Newwood, you come down and do this. No, no, no, no, no. I don't care if we make a dime. I don't care if we make a dime as you know. Right. Never the last. That's what I'm helping at. You would have. You would have. Some kind of edge of this care if we make a dime. I don't. I agree. You're right. If you want to sign it now, it's. It's 5. 60. You're mine. We can be. We can have. We can have. We're not. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Open. Essa. Open. Open. Open. For not, 121 franchise, quickly one more game. I have the anime over. But, I can't live with my mish-claps. It's all over again. And fuck the shit. Captain. Tell me why lol. I'll hold the fuck life. And just talk about his average character. And get back here, man. Yet, lets close the 2016 game, and see if he's gotten famous this time. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. I'm going to the best of all. We can see the last of us going to be laughing at us withÃ¡s Cristcaro that's all. Mrå¯adulain laughs. I would be like that. I'm going to have to go to a future explode. But that's still. I've been in ay pathway for methods. See everything in one another. You areuseum. We're going to go to the best of all. that man dog from the same location from 4 to 630 because we got the pantheon game panther pigre 637 clock panters any flyers are really sucked by it a way to flyers are like not good lately really stinko and you got cane's basketball against Oklahoma State the United term and on 1360 kt 309 30 and Krnessy vence follows it all on 100 different stations one political talking ahead news reader or communist due to spies the most 719 votes and quarter 332 season elicra over all man pigre 637 i hate this pool 54 bob no back 51 nasi check out that card he's carrying it took her calls in 28 james carville 28 skin head i don't know any 26 very madland 20 of all 26 by the way 22 were from u m you think we have anybody listening at u m i don't think so very madland who's james carville's wife of course at obnoxious 20 Chris Matthews 20 dirt step on top of his 15 tinn rush 12 so late at a brand 11 she's a hungry in Irish will flitz creek 11 more in doubt eight blue dobs seven Charles crowd hammer six nasi and a wheels here Paul cragman six red barons five George will five jackhammer to solemented dose baby cannons got a pair little teeny tiny raisinets Thomas freedom to care a full of silly one you want or why they have no idea who that is hope they've had books one and David wrote a one seven three one what who's that who that also don't forget log out at w q and dot com if you like or hear this not that's okay do it make your pace for bell south hoops is stereo there's a made round by round so start making number on sound so i'm now and then the person that gets on or with the most points at the end of the whole tournament wins the grand prize of a thousand bucks they can't afford to pay Josh if you bucks extra let's give it a thousand bucks away to some smuggles after gambling on basketball what an idea you know what a concept just like i was thinking to read that bit you know more as you know as low as those numbers went and it really is shocking to be able to get a one share in the middle of the on this station is it's pretty difficult especially two months in a row but then having been said i don't know but i i prefer to wait was before until we finally decided who we're gonna have on because because of the evolving door thing to me is just it's it's embarrassing it's although on professional it's also unacceptable but we don't care though yeah i'll give it up being embarrassed by these people right good point two hundred thousand people in u.s. terror database and you might be one of them wouldn't be surprised at all i bet you Josh is in there especially if you're made a comment about Miguel Shrapale asked police and other government workers in the u.s. have come in contact with terror rister people suspected of foreign terror times more than six thousand times in the best twenty months the director of the federal terrorist screening center said yesterday but you didn't know there was a federal terrorist screening center i do know the encounters and traffic staff applications for permission of a situation that resulted in fewer than sixty arrests said donna buccialla whose agency maintains list of two hundred thousand people known or suspected of the terrorist the list contains initial hundred fifty thousand records that have only partial names which all said like off med or Muhammad or it's hot the vast majority of people on list are not in this country many of only ten u.s. or inclusive ties to terrorism which all said are they greafing for reporters at the i.e. headquarters as an example if you said it a truck driver whose record cries and directly across the west Canada border a he may be under suspicion but it's still out of the country because there is insufficient evidence looking into terrorism she says well if he's coming here must be a terrorist right schmothin why what you got all gone or may be to that he's coming here drive a cab climate change irreversible is arctic sea ice fails to reform i don't know we had a lot of great calls today but i got to at least gets through some of the rest of my piles here man do it feel like i've done my duty you know sea ice in the arctic is failed to be formed for the second consecutive winter raising fears that global war may have tipped the polar region into a irreversible climate change for a sooner than predicted i get like extricans of that tuna and a hundred gallons of powdered milk when you right lots of powder how about about some bc powder too big or can't hurt is there anybody up north at every took a bc powder i don't think's only red next take that that's right that's that's for red necetics that's right satellite measurements of the area of the arctic covered by sea ice shows that for every month is one of the ice failure between even to its long-term average rate of decline it's the second consecutive winter that the sea ice has managed to reformer to compensate for the unprecedented melting scenery in the past few summers oh my god scientists are now convinced that arctic sea ice is showing signs of both a winter and a summer decline that could indicate a major acceleration in the long-term rate of disappearance the greatest fears that an environmental positive feedback is kicked in were global warming melts ice which in itself causes the sea storm still further as more sunlight subserved by a dark ocean rather than being reflected by white ice although sea levels are not affected by melting sea ice which floats on the ocean it floats like your receptionist the arctic ice covers not to be a key moderator of the northern hemisphere's climate helps to stabilize the massive land glaciers and ice sheets of greenland which have the capacity to raise sea levels dramatically but he liked that both maybe that's why we don't have any winter here not that I'm complaining to understand it's sunny it's not all at toasty it's about 38 I'll take it no snow baby no snow not a flake former creed singer Scott Stap is assuming an effort to stop a California company from a cellular promoting that sex video featuring himself kid rock and four women with safely arses let me ask you just what you think would have the most chiefly asian of the deal keep a reading the article the federal law federal law suit well maybe I'd rather than put this where they in good shape but in rough federal the federal one that was one of the great lines of all time he can tell us they're a good shape well well what is it that you know so that's even worse now that I think about it that's even worse than what I was saying that's going to be sizing them up to fight of you know yeah now he's sizing them up already I think it's a kung fu fight in his what he's got in it I don't know how you maybe got some of my letters mixed up there he's a good shape in my in my life even being the old tag at the time I have never ever looked at a male of any age size uh... variety and sit in myself man he looks like he's pretty good shape that's because you're sizing them up for another reason yeah you know the size queen who is Josh well that's a lot of the last day against worldwide red light district say is similar one king rock's lawyers brought last month in detrient u.s. district court judge deraÃ§ant a temporary order barring the company from distributing her for one of any portion of that tape including a forty-second preview clip that was previously displayed on red light district's websites who would allow to see scott stamp or cure out of course i guess it's all depends on who the women are they doing obviously it doesn't matter yeah you're right staff lost it led to that two tapes described as video diary of his night and on concert tour we're still from a safe at his house the suits states red light district violated his trademark and privacy rights causing an embarrassment pain suffering emotional distress stop the action situation is written order barring the company from distributing the video a call placed to red light attorney rate hampered in that to business hours today rang on answered a rang rang but a beep but a boop red light previously now is a take him from a third party but a tambodon denied that been stolen he declined to say how red light sources the charges video how much out of roll stand something to do with it pervert fb i document that was actually the send is the work looking at uh... it says now he's in a rolling highly doesn't get it or not putting a host of shows i mean there are some of these people who have their own shows like christmantees but they're also like they pop up all over the place they're like uh... like that they're also talking hits to us that a josecrabber on here first of all how could you how to despise him he's a two-poefetic to the spythe use of his awful awful and it's because he's in florities boring and if the i counterterres immunumotored and apparently infiltrated the peace group in pizburg and opposed the invasion of a rat court of internal agency documents released yesterday this is like a follow up on a storm i would have yesterday about their like uh... right the the old ladies with the cookies grandma they're monitoring a baby the school here raise new questions about the extent to which federal authorities have been conducting survey on stop raise against americans since those nine eleven attacks previous resident of our revelations include fb i'm not a ring of environmental animal rights organizations scrutiny of anti-war organization by top secret Pentagon program and even dropping by the NSA on domestic communications about court order federal officials insist that the effort to legal all of the pentagon is admitted to the top secret talent program mistaken that we've been in the state of a three-portance scores of anti-war protest individuals is part of an effort to identify terrorist rights against defense facilities in personnel right that's right if you against the war you must be a terrorist wadim jacaure crally a spokesman for the fbi's i want to be his kind of candy cally a spokesman for the fbi's pizburg office said that the moderating of the center was legal and related to an ongoing investigation he didn't provide any details of the probe he said that when the fb i found no link between some estigation the center within the surveillance the issue you continue that the documents are the first to show conclusive that an anti-war group was targeted because of its anti-war views you can't do that in america no more how do you like that or don't know boy and you people are sitting at the word about the pain five bucks a year in the far far from a ballgame god might be what's wrong with you i wouldn't do it i wouldn't give him five cents i take an old rusty penny into it i'm saying here take this and stuff it would amount of put this on a center i see if you have any luck with it okay stick it right there it's center i's you ice hole problem is you have to want to q i m if you're starving right now if you have an ad lunch yet we've been vanded lunch just one like little mole head for john the baker with two weight locations for you on pinesville barb in the home depot center west of flamingo or the brand new john the baker at the stewarding town center stewarding in pinaurota coopriss city john has been cooking in a price for over thirty years let me say it again but thirty man softfoot even when i was a child on there used to go there in north Miami in fact kid what kiddy quarter was like taco bell like in one quarter and then like uh... about a block an affel way was uh... john's old place and boy you're going to love the food because it's consistently delicious they give you a big fat portions and the prices are tiny you can bring the whole family sausage and peppers chicken parmesan baked zee di lasagna hot and steaming on your plate and off again john's world famous girl equals matter fact when you go in and have a meal of john's mentioned you heard about a many or are just show get a half of the john's gigantic world famous girl equals absolutely free and don't forget to try that fantastic sloppy sausage sub two the judges have been having a green apple quick as a quick step from for days it's absolutely positive the best pizza in town to so bring the whole family or call ahead for take out a john the baker and pepper pinesville nine five four four three one forty three fifteen nine five four four three one forty three fifteen recoup or city nine five four two five two oh nine one and john's replaced another both the waiters and the waitresses at john the baker have shaped me ours john the baker just doesn't get no better this is a meal rather this is five sixty two call this big market radio you're good you're flat you work that's a lovely family coming down fifth ever one thing that he say I'd write the party hey you shall across the USA what do you know what is this idea the Brian Valley who does a bunch of squares again this year who say I wish to oh god loves the a rich and less of course your game in the area of the marching upon thing that is day you can be a bummer bucket of stone short and that's okay but you can't be a rich if you're gay well the order of type aredians both him and his great have delivered this pronouncements upon the best of day short a little bit of love and fall and nestled in the sea much a corn straight to help a home of sexuality well come let's see I wish as long as we're in it's a lesson of the cards we've never been short of them you can be seen drunk in Ireland chunks the lemon all the way but you can speak and you're a shit you're gay more you can speak and you're a shit you're gay don't even try to be a language to get one 18 to five six day what if that's going to start up again this year I have a red scene up in the body you know there was turn a big stimulus especially in the air but sure they will all I'm drunk and Irishman I mean body parts can't it could be growing speaking of new rock and McCob scandal in which current that I still can't verify there was George Boyke in Canada big one of your key I yesterday I'm perfect place for him if ever there was and I never looked it up I never Google it I better Google it in a minute here see the population I bet you let me do it now everything is on top 12 pounds Master Cannon,Hey what should we have everyone like you phone you music school we work on a project I know you music awesome a few I we got hearts announcement population of identified epic this gosh 25 plus 100 plus here we go Free demographic reports for Kennedy when the York, Pinyan, New York hotels Man, now we're hitting the high spots. Here we go Where the hell is it? Oh, no, I got to go through all the night in here. Oh, it's one of these deals Free demands you know and get out of here It's one of those deals ready. They want to try to pedal you something, you know I hate that. Kennedy when New York just a minute Population, where is it? Where is it? Please here it is. What did I tell you? All right 2000 census 11,264 estimated population's life 2004 in 11,363 an increase of 99 Wow incredible or what huh and increase in 99 and what amount of time like the year? Four years four years wow that's almost 25 a year Racism candidate will white non-Hispanic 95.4 percent you wonder why George Bush was there or her white non-Hispanic black 1.5 percent Two or more races 1.2 percent Hispanic 1.0 and American engine 0.7 percent I think like that Irish 21.8 percent German 20.4 percent English 19 percent Italian 11.8 percent Wow I'm going back to Kim Day when we're gonna swim across the lake right now We're gonna get on Brennacark in Rochester and grab right on down to Kim Day when see where Bush was Right there on see where Rosaline park used to be where they built condos And McCons scandal which corpses were plundered for body parts could be even bigger than previously Disgrossed one company alone says it is distributed thousands of pieces of human tissue That authorities here could be tainted with disease and in addition three other companies have reported quarantining We're destroying more than five million dollars in tissue from biomedical tissue services Then how do you funk new jersey supply house at the center of the scandal? While the exact number of pieces distributed and used in Operations has not been revealed I heard it was five easy pieces hospitals in recent Wiesons spoken of counter Accounting hundreds of patients who may have received tainted tissue Vs VTS has been accused of collecting body parts without donor consent and selling in pre-usion Transpense performed at hospitals and other medical facilities across the country the owner of BTS As we had as we're charging the scheme that earned them millions of dollars all for a fleet not killed We don't believe Like that They also have pleaded Pleading Blood Robert F. Kennedy's assassin sir hand sir hand Comes up for parole again this week in a potential conflict of interest for governor Arnold who's married of course to Robert Kennedy's niece Maria Schriver with no chin I guarantee a she sure don't play a mean chinball because she ain't got no chin Sir hand shot Kennedy that allegedly at Los Angeles hotel in 68 there were 700 bullets in the Appanthree in a yellow did it all with one gun Minutes after the New York Senator claimed victory in the California presidential primary for the people were also struck by bullets Sir hand was arrested on the scene Kennedy died over the next day Sir hand received a death sentence that was committed to life in prison 72 in the California Supreme Court declared the death penalty on Constitutional Sir hand claims he was hypnotized at the time and then a second gun a matter of actually killed Kennedy at the Ambassador hotel in LA Sir hands former attorney said that sir and could not have fired the fatal shot because he was out of range when it took place and you know something I believe that part Too many coincidences, you know Always always these deranged missets Lee Harvey Oswald sir hands sir hand who was they got a cold Martin Luther King James Earl Jones Ray Jones Ray Jones No, he's very didn't you know what he said after he did it to be right he said it was Questions about Sir hands motives and we're was in conspiracy lingered in 75 the FBI put in Special investigated a program claims that more than one gunman was involved the investigation Included conspiracy was possible, but I'm likely right The assassins parole hearing at korker in state prison today the 13 senses conviction the first in Schwarzenegger's election in 2003 When we heard by only two board members one of was appointed by Arnold If the board recommends his release and unlikely a current expert say the decision whether their free sir Animal fall to Schwarzenegger setting up an unusual dilemma Judges can be accused themselves, but this is not the kind of decision to govern or condeligate Seject the new governor professor at Claremont McKinna the governor's press office to climate comment All half-assed Maria what do you say Maria keep your chin up Judge to order Google to give up some data Federal judge said yesterday he intends to order Google ink to turn over some of its internet records The rest of the department were expressed reservations about requiring the company to have all some of its most sensitive data The actual request that people enter into its popular search engine Now, what is your view have any problem if the government were checking to see what you've been googling? No, not me what about you Josh? I'm all right Mean you know a lot of port U.S. District judge James Weir told the justice department expecting at least some of the information sought from Google as part of the Bush administration's effort to revive a law Mentoshield children from online pornography. It's always the excuse baby. Great always We're doing something to protect the children so we can censor and censor and go after your records and track you down and hold your ass away And nobody ever see your ass again. I'll over-chably Josh wants to see it first But we're stressed he was especially concerned about the justice department's demand for a random sample of search requests And in the Google's internet believing search engine The judge said he didn't want to do anything to create the perception that internet search engines and other large online databases could become tools for governments surveillance. Oh, no, we don't want to hear that He seemed less concerned about requiring Google to supply the government with the random list of websites indexed by the company We're said he planned to wish you're written ruling quickly after that. I even hearing Google attorney Nick Nicole Wong said the company was please We're as thoughtful questions Nicole Wong Justice department spokesman Charles Miller said agency looks forward to where's decision We hope is a pinnacle demonstration the government's belief that the info would be helpful protecting donations youth against potentially harmful material and Of course the adults as well anybody like over the ages five I like that just another step another little step Slowly, make sure they keep going further and further and further and further and further and came on you respond gold shame on you Because you didn't consult with us first you ruled all our plans all our political life strategizing Topless baby Republicans are evil the Democrats are our whims and that's it and of course by being whimster like probably just as evil I would say You know those who do nothing right or the neighbors quite cliche is yeah the enablers that's right You're the enablers It's like whoever we're sent all that money for being a voice so you go out there and get those substances man. He was the enabler I'm sure sorry that you talked me into it 26 after one and five 16 WQM and you love the sword even love see your address Well I might have greatly seized the glory of God for you in time. Ball, ball, ball, Ramadan. Ball, ball, ball. Ball, ball, ball. Ball, we didn't have Ramadan, but we got our surea. Are you surea? Are you sure? It's going on until the March 20th, and that's why 700 more US troops are on the way to Iraq. 700 more. I remember they were coming home all I grabbed about, yeah, well 700 more. Send off to slaughter like sheep. That line six man is persistent. QA I'm not lying hello. That's the damage. The counterfeit money looked good, but there was one flaw. There's no such thing as a $1 billion bill. This is the story, man. Boston, California. US Customs agents, California said yesterday they found 250 bogus billion dollar bills while investigating man charged with currency smuggling. Isn't that like a little redundant bogus billion dollar bill? Yeah, where do they think it? Tickle, Zigeta. Tickle, 25. 45. They go to the three federal council try to bring cash, pony bills, and fake $100,000 gold to the biggest into the US in January. Further investigation led agents to a West Hollywood apartment where they found the statue of yellowing and wrinkled $1 billion bills with an issue dated 1934, and bearing a picture of President Grover Cleveland. You would think the $1 billion denomination would be kind of a giveaways. These notes are fake, but some people are still taking in some James Todak. Secret service agents involved in the program. How you like that? Yeah, most people, when you think they are able with an IQ larger than their thumbnail, would like notice no such thing as a billion dollar bill that you ever have success passing in. And this in which probably passed something. And when you cash that, you float them? You put them in a soda machine and it gives you a change. How many QA in? Hello, not just going to much as soda. QA in. Think it for the macarine in it. Give it like a hot dog in a soda. No change. QA in. Hello. I'm in good case. QA in. Hello. QA in. You know, the interesting part of it is a soon. I can go and do all my stories, you know, and can ramble and ramble. Right. And go on. Well, I'm sorry, but we'll say it. Maybe. It's contagious. For like an hour. And then as soon as there is one call that I take, that all of a sudden like a light bulb, like a like a mother. When off an alarm. Here you go. Open up the gates. Let them out. Am I right? Oh yeah. They're right there. They're hanging in. Well, that's always good to know. That's the right there. They're hanging right on the edge of the radio. They're sitting on it. Getting good vibrations. I'm sitting on my fat on shapely asked by the way, John. 567. 660. Yeah, I'm shaping old. Simply. And a pound 560, the Verizon ticket arrived. That's going to be a range of these going. Like a mini lightning round. What do you say? That'll be easy. In order for tomorrow. I mean, I don't know if tomorrow being a marlin game. That's 10 before one. Oh, God. How come the marlins are like to come? Can't play other day games. They're not getting noon. It'd be good. Pregame with 11 30. 7QA and hello. 7QA and hello. Hey, they're new. Yes, sir. You know what? You just, you were talking about the guy with the bones. So in the bones to metal. There's an article in Newsweek about that. Just last week. The guy worked at a funeral home. He would cut like the leg bones out. And he put in PVC. He put in PVC pipe for the leg bones. Right. When did you, you see a picture that on x-ray? It's wild. Okay. I'm going right now to get news. We've read it's wild. Somebody. You know, heard it's wild. WML. So many girls are going to have a sword fight. So he's obviously easily impressed that guy who saw the, the thing in the bones, the bones. WMQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Building our bills there. Great for strip clothes. Because you give one of those away. You can help him. WMQA and hello. Hey. Oh, yes. Yes, there is a guy. We've gotten there now. We've reached the top of our man. What is it? I didn't even hear what the guy said. So you guys were laughing when you were doing it. He was doing a wrong junior. You know, right. You know, you get you real and so the torch. I do. Yeah, thank you. I heard it sometimes. Okay. Hey, Curtis. You will sometimes. Well, the greater light rules the day and the less light rules. Right. The night and shining armor. The moment to shape the air. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. You never going to live that down Josh. I should just and always just a slip of the tongue. He didn't really mean to admit to say it. We didn't say yes. There's a goddess in good shape. Well, what is that? Well, what kind of a hey, you know, you would my or phases. Yeah, and other people admire physics. I said that. Right. You know, shoulders, you know, broad shoulders. Right. Broad back. Excellent. Right. Welcome. Welcome to QAN. Hello. Hey, Mr. Neil Rogers. Yes, sir. How you doing? Excellent. Good. Hey, Neil, I told Josh to check it out. But I don't think he ever listens to me. You need to see this friend film is called Man Fight dog. Yeah. He made a fan. Yeah. Right. He made a fan. Right. It's something important. Some rabid demean. WQAN. Hello. Sounds like he's got rabid. It's QAN. What is it? He said, no. Oh, I thought it was something really important. Sounds like Johnny Dirk. WQAN. Hello. Yeah, he's talking about all he's saying. I can't say other guys good looking. Yeah. I think I'm good looking. That's why I thought myself to be no. It's funny because I was just going to tell him something new now. It'd be. It's a he beat me to it. Ha ha ha. Man, I hear I saw Ron Jeremy with double joining. 21. 21. So to a QAN. This is a new Roger. A lot. This is 5. 16. 8. Alright, this is G Gordon Liddy. And they don't come anywhere. The new Roger. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I wish. It's a passe day. We're drinking a race day concert. It's a passe day. We're getting real tips to concerts. We're never going anywhere. And because it's in passe day. I'm being the Paul. In a cinema. By us or another round. Because you don't want to talk. And because it's a corn. We make me a fried Irish club. If I could say it come. Let the tricks get the ring off. You can find me on the team. If you're going green call me. It's a work time. The rest of the team. Two is a morning. This has been going to leave. I'll take it till I leave. I'm much. It's a team. I'm. Todd tried to act like you're really Irish today. Neither. If you want your meal is football time. Just under all piled up. But first. Would you please talk kindness to find me on their plate? You're a shot. And if you're treating making a double. But we got some exciting news now boys and girls. I was only one bad aspect of this. You know what? Was that? How come we couldn't have done a 130? So what I was thinking? Next day. I've been holding a press conference. That's your dolphin coach man. The dolphin organization had. And we will be carrying a live here on sports intensive of SESTE radio QAM. Next. What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What about that jewelry? That's what it's about. Maybe the sign is a kid that artistic kid. The bush was going to throw off in Rochester over there. Think they're going to be there? Maybe. Rob will find out. Stay tuned. The engineer sees all you dolphins out there. We love the dolphins. They really choke. I mean they're great. They're really something. And what's that time? Brady do it over there. And is we at what all those Jews? Ha. Maybe he's being circumspect. Movie theater owners face with failing attendance and falling attendance. Our considering asking federal authorities for permission to jam cell phone reception. And then attempt to stop on a conversation during films. The head of the industry trade group said yesterday. I think it's a stellar idea. You don't like that? Yeah, sure. Whatever. You know, in other words, you don't mind if somebody in a movie theater guest starts talking on a cell phone? Of course I like. In this we leaders at the Show West Conference for theater owners want to find ways to win back crowds. I don't know what's going on with consumers that they have to talk on phones in the middle of theaters on 5th. President of the National Association of Theater owners told the Show West Conference in Vegas. Theater is trying to number ways to sign themselves. From a sweeps by usher is the funny fake movie traders urging viewers to shut off the damn phones. Shut it off. You idiot. Fifty and said, owner of her considering other steps if that don't work. We were actually petitioning the FCC we moved the block on jamming cell phones. That may be difficult since federal law and the FCC rules permit the US's cell phone jammers. Jam on it. The industry is broadly trying to increase interest in the movies. Motion pictures associated with America. Chief, how about making some good ones? That would help. Wouldn't you think? Yeah, that's a good start. Chief executive Dan Goodman told Show West that the industry is researching why and when people go to the movies. My considering advertising campaign to encourage people to go out to the movies. This is the milk industry succeeded with it's got milk campaign. How did milk out everybody's bad man since they started I got milk campaign. I bet you'd deal Murphy's still doing a spot. Not only don't I believe in drinking cow's milk for our humans, but people who drink milk bother me a lot. You don't drink milk, too. If I'm eating cookies, I've got to dip it in something. Oh, get out of here. No wonder you're sick. No wonder you're sick all the time. Like a lactose intolerance. You got IVs in your drink and milked crazy man. Yeah, every day. Oh my god, milk and cookies. What about Josh? You don't drink milk. I'm not a lot, but I don't mind it. For cices man, not for like real men. For cices. For guys about hang on the locker room a lot. Yeah, they passed it around in the locker room. Yeah, and the milk too. The White House is rejected. Hurricane disaster recovery loans at a higher rate than any other administration last 15 years, a quarter of a congressional study by Democrats. The report being released today said business in home loan approval rates average about 60% after Andrew devastated much of South Florida 1992. The trend continued throughout the rest of President George Bush, Wands Administration, into the Clinton administration, a quarter Democratic members of the House, small business committee. After Wilma serves the sure and South Florida last year, the approval rate for low interest taxpayer guaranteed loans by the SP has dropped to barely 15%. Overall Democrats said approval rates for home and business disaster loans since 2004 average only about 35% in other words. It's a disaster. This was a monumental disaster. It requires a monumental response in New York, where it presented 90 of Alaska as the panel stopped Democrat. That hasn't happened. People are suffering in CSBA's world of violence assistance. And they do it. And you know what they're going to do it? Because they don't care. They don't care about you, Schlepper's out there. They don't care about their base. The guys are going to big bucks. The guys are keeping the tax to the cuts. Those are the ones. The guys that got there long queue that pipeline at bonsai pipeline. Now, every yesterday we had the story about Ben Bradley, of the former editor of the Washington Post, right? And he said that the claim that they quoted him as saying Richard Armanage was the one an out-of-value claim. Okay. Well, guess what? He denied having said that, but it beat the police all the same. This is in Vanity Fair, the article by the way. Well, guess what? Marie Brenner was the author of the article in Vanity Fair. She has a tape. She tape recorded Bradley's comments. And that's exactly what I said. Surprise, Ben. Stah, that act. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. Just the way it goes. Man, I'm really excited about this. Don't you help that barge? Oh, yeah. Bro, what are we going to do about Gus for right now, huh? He got to be the backup where he's going to be a long gone. Now, he's at you. Get out of here. Gus for us. He did a lot. And his wife is very upset. He's a big half-place of a rocket. Really isn't a big one. I went to Dolphin's training camp. I asked Nick Sivan who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will there be Sainte? No. Here's what it says to me. Oh, Gus for us. Are starting to be will be. Ha ha ha. I think we'll have big buries with rocks for us. Just to wait and see. I saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream. I saw him from both. He dropped the ball. It made me want to spring. Gus for us. He got boy. Whatever it is you need. Your offense has gone to sea with for up or up. He can't score two days. Gus for us. He got for us. Absolutely. If you play for us, you will be sorry. Don't give a stop at this baby and I'll enjoy it. You don't want to give away. Do buy own company on Pail's plan to sell US port operations to an American buyer. Are you ready for this? All right. A Dubai owned company said today it plans to sell all US port operations within four to six months. To an unrelated American buyer laid out new details about how it plans to pursue the sale under pressure from Congress. VP World 7 until the sale is finalized. It's US businesses will be operated independently. The announcement was the first time VP World described its plans for the US operations as a sale. Indicated would retain no stake in them. No stakes. Because after all, who the hell will see the mook house right? They'd stakes. They'd meet, don't they? Sure. But it's got to be halal, don't it? I would imagine. Halal. That's right. And actually, it's an expedited sale of processes underway with the cooperation of the port authorities and joint venture partners. It's expected that a sale can be agreed with in four to six months. The company said, statement. VP World said it would provide information about its business interested to interested parties, which had not identified. And said, well, address offers based on what it describes as the value of deliverability and the continuity of management of the other. So it's a stall, I think, looks like to me. We're going to sell it, but we don't know who yet. Right. Right. We're going to get ready. Get a lot of good bomb is this smuggled in there in four to six months, can't we? Sure. You can go to the La Grande. Each four is gone mad folks. It's very cold. By the time they tell, I'd find six old WQP. By the way, my interest in knowing my take gross Portuguese, my computer in genuity. I feel like less I got a back within the genuity, my in in genuity because the for some reason the Google load tool bar got unchecked and musk it. Check the Alexa will not because it's like code join with it. The joy to be a. They're mingled. They're called a code bingled. Yeah. Anyway, here's our poll results today. Man, I'm telling everybody said, I'm going to get to my seat instead of going out to wood by. I like to stick around here with an excitement has to say, I think I'm going to do that. No, no chance. Good luck to you. If you'll need a man, you guys are weak. What political talking had news reader or comments do despise most is our poll question today. A 33 and 33 votes. So many of them, but you folks have single on and quarter for special attention and rightfully so. Bitch. 387. I'm not just almost always wrong. By the way, talks a lot. Lot of crap. Always wrong. 46 and that for cent for Anne. What's the problem? I have a couple to talk about. He's about 387 votes and Pantheon got only 75 and second place. Let me talk about normal content today. I hate this pool 59. Bob Novak 58. James Carville 35 skin head. Annoying. Tucker Carlson 33. I don't know any 31. That's our FIU content. Mary Madeline 23. Why are you cracking your knuckles man? That's the thing I do. Don't do it. Bad for you. You get arthritis. Chris Matthews 21. George stuff on top of the 16. Wolfe's feet 15. Tim Rysher 13. So we had a Brian 12. We're in. Charles. Crowdhammer 9. Lou Dobbs 7. Paul Kirkman's 6th Red Barnes 5. George Will 5. Jack Avenue 3. David Brooks 2. Baby Kitten 2. Tom Friedman 1. Kira Phillips told me to do this. My vote. David Broder. Who knows that is got one. Bye. Bye.