PRAY NO THE ONE, DEMON! All right, all the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks, to hate all but the right folks is an oldest established rule, but during the national brotherhood, national brotherhood, lean on horn and share and park our dancing cheek to cheeky. One to you, the jive, the people you despise as long as you don't owe, and I'm in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks, all in my folks hate all in your folks, it's American as apple pie, but during national brotherhood, national brotherhood, new yorkers love the Puerto Rican's cause it's very chic. Step up and shake the hand up, someone you can't stand, you can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and the Catholics hate the Protestants, and the Hindus hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews, but you're a national brotherhood, national brotherhood, it's national everyone's my last one, and that they're hoodweets be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four o' week, so have no fear. You're a big, grateful lad, it's as a last call, yeah. And we have a play dancing in the street where Mark's in the Van Dellos. I got it here, I got about 75 different copies of it, but it'd be much easier if you got it. Or let me boot up. Dancing in the streets of Hiley and street water, maybe a little Havana. They're dancing in the streets without Mark the Or the Van Dellos. Or the Van Dellos. Or the Van Dellos. To help with Kiddell, and I'd just be sure I'd say no with all I saw going to change. I think I'm going to change like all the time soon, no, no. Then that round with, you know, he's 75. There we go, Martin the Van Dellos. We roll our French in Hiley, and both of them, and little Havana and South Beach. I know they're two. She has treated all of us, I did a beautiful song coming. I'm so answered. Anyway, here's George's poll from Lai yesterday, who gets the most preferential treatment. 115 votes, and you were right. They said that was pretty tight though. I voted for celebrities in celebrities one. To 18. Except for Mel Gibson, by the way. That's just an advice. I said, like, but a crazy person. Crazy person. The apple doesn't fall far from my his ass. I'll take it that. No. I think it fell right in the middle of his crack. Back to him and daddy. And anyway, we'll get back. But the passion of a cry is that made him about a hundred million dollars. It's a damn good thing for him because he ain't going to be getting too much work. Anytime soon. In fact, where's that story? I got a way down on my pile because quite frankly, there's so many other much more important things going on in prison. There are. Well, not really. I mean, what could be more important than that? I can't even find it. Oh, here it is. ABC said, the note of the mini series. Oh, come on now. Yeah, here it is. ABC polls, Mel Gibson, Holocaust mini series. Not because of his anti-Semitic comments and his tie-ray when he was arrested for his DUI. But because they said there's no script. Yep. It's been two years and that we still hasn't seen a script for this mini series. So they said, bye bye, Mel. Audioist, a pocket lip though. But suppose to start the separate. Oh, no, that's that. That's a different thing. That is his movie. He's self-finance. It's just like the passion of the Christ. Manion language movie, a pocket lip. What is manion language? Oh, my, and I think it's supposed to be. Oh, my. I'm reading it wrong. You're right. My in. What did I call a manion? Manion sandwiches. My in their language movie, a pocket lip though. Not your in. Marion. No, no, you're in it. Although I'm a little bit pissed off at red that wrong. December 8th, a pocket lip though is coming up. And this is going to put it on. Of course, as he's owned by ABC or the other way. It goes to show it. They don't care if they can make some money from it. I'll put it on. Just like all this fiddle business, you know. Who gets the most preferential treatment celebrities to 18. Hot chicks, 188. Rich people, 164. Politicians 91. And then there's a big drop off after that. Classily 29. The boss's girlfriend, 12. Anybody have in mind? No, no, no. Gangsters 9 and the boss's family. Solumantic quadro only four out of seven fifteen. Seven fifteen. Oh, look at that. They're dancing in the streets of South Florida. I mean, this is like one moment of our lives. Everybody's going to. Yeah, you know what really gets me is that all these punks. You see, all these kids. Oh, yeah. There is. There is one of these people that has done the nose of the. You know, Castro from your fat ass. So good. I'm not of them or their own ass. That that's where we need cracks. Me of all these punks dancing. They haven't a block party. We're having a party over here. Yeah. As our late friend used to sit hard. Yeah. There you go. Big party time. Kind of. This crazy crazy. All these ethosentric people. Man, it's all they know from all of them. I like that word. No matter what it is, pick the group. I'll give that. That's a raise. Who can be on? She's back home in South Florida. Look at that. She's a crawling. I kicked in any plan. But they've had one in place for years. For example. Where the hell is she? A permanent change in power. Whenever. Somewhere there by. For an example. The coast. Oh, no. Well, actively. Add to it. There you go. It's a ship to see. Watch for a possible exit as a Cuban exiled. Heading to Miami and vice versa. But what would they be going to Miami? They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. They're going to be going to the city. To book Xiaomi Show, that's his producer on 790 the ticket. Xiaomi steers the ship with first made tags over the side, screening the colors, and adding a sauce with the dash of humor. Book encourages me to chime in, said Zazzo 25, which would join the ticket at today. By the way, the juices all done. He's out. He left. And what's his name? Sid, the Rosencran's Birch team, the Schwarzen. He's going to do midday alone until he fails. He goes back to New York if he gets that job. So they're going to be just going to sign off in midday and still probably get the same number. They got a 1.1 midday. Here's a one. A guy that's doing a one share from 1 to 4.1 a afternoon and he's part of Radio's dynamic duo. I mean, I got news for his son. You're such an idiot. I bet you the people of the Sun sent, oh, when they see your column and they just pee all over themselves or each other. It's just unbelievable. It's incredible. Sancel has his limits of loyalty, though, to the books, or it says when Xiaomi suggested he get Google issue, shaving, who is said, Sancel said no. Now, maybe he gets Google issues tattooed on your ass. Speaking of tattooed, you know, A and E. Remember how many times I've talked about A and E in the fact that they got a lot of shows in there where I like. Right. They also have a lot of shows on. I don't understand that. Now, work. What are they thinking about? Have you ever seen that show? Yeah. We watched it. You watched it. I have watched it about tattoos about the Prattoo parlor. Yeah. They got chicks and they're getting their ass to tell us. I see that's why you want to know their boobs and their half-naked half-naked thing. Somebody stupid shows on there. Now, then I've growing up throwing up. Got anything they had. That's what they did. Yes. And E is God, a hell man. This is supposed to be kind of like an intellectual or a naked. They put every one on a swilla on there. They want to make money too. No. I'm going to take the break like a little. Because I got so many fish to fry here. Plus I'm reaching over. I'm shutting that thing off. I'm not taking any calls today. You know, during the summertime, I mean, it's the first of August. We're not allowed to take calls on the first of August. Okay. Tuesday, August. Oh, oh. What about called the Manion language? That was good. We're going to make it up. That's how the Manion for the May of my my ins. 912 votes. We're going to make that house by 11 o'clock and then we can all go home. How's that? That sounds like a plan. Great. Sounds like a plan to me. We're a kick and ass here between 10 and 2. The rest of the day, but. And then of course, the Sarni continues. Is that through that away already? That's true. I hope so. No. He continues to say, WQM should continue as mastery in the fall when it reunites. It's murderers roll line up. The O'Rodgers attend a MGM manager to an egg. Goldberg at four. Goldberg will return from the war. We'll return from the orderingship. Thank God. We'll share the 4 to 5 hour with mad dog. That was my idea, by the way. I just mentioned that in passing. It's my idea. Forget that I said that if that hour didn't turn out so good. George's idea. What a joke. Exactly. So Hanksook in out of the. The morning which he never belonged to in the first place. Nice move again Greg. Greg Reed, the anti-Christ. How much of. Look at all this stuff. It's going on in Cuba and the Middle East and. Samagya and all the hot spots and all right. They were right, they got our ran and that can't stand. I bet you that breaks the man. I bet you he's got his finger in all of it. That's what I heard. Wouldn't be the first time either. From it as pasted we got both campa at two o'clock to South New Kimba, mad dog at four or six thirty the marlins on deckboard that they found the fillies yesterday or what was it fifteen to two? That's right. They found their ass because they were really peeled after getting swept at double head around Sunday. Of course they probably wasted a few of those runs. Marlins and the mets. That's a home game, I believe. Is it not? I'm not sure. Don't you? If you're not on the payroll you just had no interest. Then that's what really gets me about you. I will look up right now. Marlins on deck, I know it's a home game. It said PP Park, the Red Hot Mets, the first place Mets come in a town to play the Marlins at seven o'clock tonight. And it became a baseball. That's our agenda for you. That's our schedule. Did you look it up? He's doing it there. He's doing it there. He's doing it. Huh? That's a problem. It says the marlins versus it doesn't say at the Mets. It means it's a home game. You better start learning your schedules here Mr. Terrence is going to give you what for. And if he can't do it, do it. Do it. When you're ready to make the move to a better night's sleep called Dilematra, sit 100 Metra. Dilematra is got clearance pricing on all existing inventory of Seely Poster PDS of all supplies last. Seely is changing the repair line of Poster PDS matrices. You will save on all sizes and cover levels. So call 1-800 mattress right now for the absolute best selection. And of course, the Seely Poster PDC is perfect for students heading off to college. And Dilematra serves all major campuses along the East Coast. Dilematra is over with the May 2, our window the day you choose. That's one reason why Dilematra continues to be ranked number one in the world in overall customer satisfaction. I wouldn't dream of slump in any bedding or mattress stores. Well, you already have to do is make that one easy call to make a night of tossing and turning into a night of peaceful slumber on a Seely Poster PDC mattress for you, your college student kids or some strange run a street corner. Call Dilematra is toll free 1-800 mattress. By the way, Gary Sarner, I got news for you. I'm sure I might copy like that boy. And wow, you are really weird Gary, you're weak, you're pathetic. Man, go over and treat his house. Call Dilematra is 1-800-MATTR-ESL evocalesce because it stands for sensational savings. This is Neil Ross, and Supercells will live. This is 5-16-2-8-6. Perfect! Okay, watch out on this. I'm gonna come over the wall. Yeah, I'm gonna come over the wall. I'm gonna run a couple. Past the wall. Guess I'll stop you, Bob. We just can't use ya. You're sitting around with your long. That's lovely. Casual. You'll probably pass the. Too long you've lost it. But pay off this. Should have worked. If they'll you make me sick. Get out of you but quick. You are so God. What about you, amigo? Son of a bitch. And you like that? This fall we know you liked. Are you behind the striker? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Kennedy? Absolutely. More than, more than, more than, more than. More than, more than, more than, more than. More than, guess I'll now and be your nation. Are you in to master? They can feed their will this. The young bargo. Cuba will become another key logo. USA. Oh, boys. USA. Oh, boys, boys. Britain. All the wraps and boats away. A lot of it. Yes. Oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use your stupid around way too long. Yes. Though you are really fast. I'm too long you last. Stop paying attention and work. My puppy. You're sick. And I thought Cuba quick. You are so God. Why the fuck? Because Son of a bitch. You're sick. You're sick. We know you're like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Where did he? Where did he go? Where did he go? Where did he go? Where did he go? There's that now and the young nation. Are you in to master? They can feed them. They can bug up Cuba. Will they become another key logo? USA. USA. USA. It's going to go all the grass and boats away. USA. USA. USA. USA. They're having a big black party all the softwater baby. Only one thing to say. I. I. But I. I. I mean, we're going to get to that crap and I do mean crap because I'm so sick and tired of this. All these idiots dancing. And then send them the streets for what? He's not a wild. We're going to do this signal. Okay. We'll let you know when it's time for the black party. They'll show you another situation. What? We'll show you the good up in the air. That's it. Like it's the fourth of July. But before we get into anything about Fidel or and you don't remember your rack. So that's this. This is the. And not a mushroom cloud. This is a different kind of cloud. It's a smoke screen. A smoke screen. All these dead people in the Middle East as opposed to all those dead people in our rack that we don't hear about any more because the media very easily and successfully. In fact, look at that. There it is on CNN. Crisis in the Middle East. There it is 24. 25. 25 hours a day. Eight days a week. But before we get to that Robert Fitz who lives in less less than on by the way. One of my favorite comments. He writes for the British newspaper. The independent because he surely ain't going to be right in for no American newspapers because they don't want to give you the truth. They just want to give you a bunch of proper gander. He says, how can we stand by him? Well, I just think just a headline of the article. You know, he's got to stomp right on it. But then again, the question would be, how can civilized people stand by? I love this to go on. Of course, the word civilized would be oxy wouldn't. And the rush would be popping it. We found some oxies. Robert Fitz says they wrote the names of the dead children on their plastic shrouds. Mekhti Hashem, eight seven kana was written in felt on the bag in which the little boys body lay, who say, Amohamate, eight twelve kana, Abbas al-Shalub, eight one kana, and when the Lebanese soldier went to pick up a Basis little body, it bounced on a shoulder was the boy mud of them and his father showed her on Saturday the day before. In all there were 56 corpses brought to the terror government hospital, other surgeries and 34 of them were children. When they ran out of plastic bags, they wrapped the small corpses in it in carpets. Their hair was mended with dust, moathead blood running from their noses. You must have a heart of stone not to feel the outrage that those of us watching this experienced on Sunday. This slaughter was an obscenity and atrocity, yes. If the Israeli Air Force truly bombs with a pinpoint accuracy of claims, this was also a war crime. Israel claimed that the missiles had been fired by his beloved gunman from the south-lemmat east-town of Kana, as if that justified his massacre. Israel's Prime Minister, Ahud Olmer, talked about Muslim terror threatening Western civilisation, is if they has lied to all these poor people and those children. And in Kana of all places. For only ten years ago, this was the scene of another Israeli massacre, the slaughter of a hundred six Lebanese refugees by us, really artillery battery, as they shoved in the UN basin the town. More than half of those hundred and six were children. Israel later said it had no lifetime, pilotless photo reconnaissance aircraft over the scene of that killing, a statement that turned to be untrue, when the independence discovered video tape showing just such an aircraft over the burning camp. It is as if Kana, who's in habitance claimed that this is the village in which Jesus turned water into one, has been damned by the world doomed forever to receive tragedy. And there was no doubt of the missile at which killed all those children on Sunday. It came from the United States, and upon a fragment of it was written, for use on MK84 guided bomb BSU 37B. No doubt the manufacturers can call it combat prudent because it destroyed the entire three-story house in which the Shalub and the Hashim family's lived. They had taken refugee in the basement from an enormous Israeli bomb barredment, and that's where most of them died. I found Nudja Shalubu, redlying in the government hospital, entire her jaw and face bandage like roaps pier as before his execution. She didn't weep. Lord did she scream although the pain was written on her face, her brother Taseer, who was 46 had been killed. So as her sister Najla, so her little niece is Zainab, who was just six. We were in the basement hiding when the bomb exploded at a one o'clock at a morning she said, What in the name of God have we done it as you're of this? So many of the dead are children, the old and women, some of the children were still I can claim. Why does the world do this to us? Sunday's death brought to more than 500 the total civilian dead are there in their slow. It's over 600 now. The total civilian dead 11 on since Israel's sea air and land bomb barred with the country began in July, and after his beloved members crossed the frontier wire, killed three Israeli soldiers and captured two more. But Sunday slaughtered and had more than a year of mutual antagonism with Lebanese government as pro-American and pro-Siri and politicians announced what they described as an ugly crime. Thousands of protestors attacked a large-use UN building in Beirut screaming destroy Tel Aviv, destroy Tel Aviv, and Lebanon's Prime Minister, the normally unflaffable faal of Fawad, this Senura, called U.S. Secretary-State Condom Lisa Rice in order to cancel her imminent peace-making trip to Beirut. No one in this country can forget how President Bush, Mizrahi, and Tony Blair have repeatedly refused to call for immediate ceasefire, a truth that would have saved all those lives on Sunday. Mizrahi's will only say, we want to ceasefire as soon as possible, it will be marked followed by Mizrahi announcement that it intended to maintain its bombardment of Lebanon for at least another two weeks. Throughout the day, Conofoages and Civil Defense workers dug through the ruins of the building with spades and with their hands, tearing at the muck until they found one body after another still dressed in colorful clothing. In one section of the rubble they found what was left of a single room with 18 bodies inside, probably the dead were women. All across southern Lebanon now you can find scenes like this not so grotesque and scale for at least as terrible for the people of these villages are terrified to leave and terrified to stay. These really should drop leaflets over Conofoages people to leave their homes yet twice now since Israel's onslaught began. These really have ordered villagers to leave their houses and then attack them with aircraft as the obeyed these really instructions and fled. There are at least 3,000 sea of Muslims trapped in villages between Kalaya and Ikeh to ruin close to the scene of Israel's last military incursion of Bintjevile and yet none of them can leave without fear of dying on the roads. And Mr. Olmer's reaction after expressing his great sorrow he announced that we will not stop this battle despite the difficult incidents like this morning. We will continue the activity and if necessary to be brought in without hesitation. But how much further can it be brought in? Lebanon's infrastructure is being steadily torn to pieces, its villages raised as people more and more terrorized, and terrorized the war they used by Israel's American-made fighter bombers. His volus missiles are Iranian-made, which his volumetric service will be delivered from provocative rate across the border. But Israel's savage way against the civilian population is deeply shocked, not only the western diplomats have remained in Bay Route, but hundreds of humanitarian workers from the Red Cross and Major aid agencies. Incredibly, Israel yesterday denied safe passage to UN World Food Program aid convoy on route to the South, a six-truck mission that should have taken relief supplies to the southeast and town of Majer-Rulin. More than three-quarters of Median Lebanese have now fled their homes, but they're still no accurate figure for the total number still crap in the South. Talyol Shalhu, who were survived amid the wreckage in Kahn on Sunday, said that this family and the high sheems were just too terrified to take the road to the road, brought out of the village, which has been a tight firecraft for more than two weeks. The seven-mile highway between Kahn and Tyres littered with civilian homes and ruins and burnt out family cars. On Thursday, the Israeli armies all my shriek radio, which broadcasts into southern Lebanon, told residents that their villages would be totally destroyed if missiles were fired from them. But anyone who's watched Israel's bombing these past two weeks knows that in many cases, the Israelis don't know the location in which his blood firing missiles from, and when they do they frequently miss their targets. Oops! How can a villager prevent the head of the law from firing rockets from his street? The head of the law do take cover besides civilian houses. This is Israeli troops entering Vincevile last week also used to be in homes for cover. But can this be the excuse for such slaughter on such a scale? Most of you see in your address for in diplomats in Bay Route yesterday, tongue-methagabman bin Bay Route, was not only demanding an immediate ceasefire, but would not interest in any longer a political package to go with it. Needless to say, Mr. Jeffrey Feldman, whose country made the bomb, which killed the emissances of Kahn, a show is not to attend. How could civilized people stand by and let us go on? Where are the civilized people to be no any? No, no, let me know if you find any. This is Neil Rogers. The unsatisfactory 16. Yaaah! Hey, hey! Guys, guys, guys! Hey, you guys, guys! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, you used to say less bad? Hmm, like he takes it up the earth, When you say it with a little cash, don't leave me alone. I want to do the win to space, don't leave me alone. I can't say it to my taste, who I'm sure it is in my right and for us, you and both of them, You know that I can't say it to my sons if that's why, I'm lost in the fudge and tors, baby, I did not say it! I know, I understand what a hit of rebound nose is, now with that said in there, it takes it up the nose, I think so. Yeah, the nose nose, 970 evos, only 22 away from 1,000, We're going to have 1,000 before 11 o'clock today. How do you like that, huh? The power of the alcoholic, holy moly, rat man. That is pretty shocking, you've asked me, I asked you, I'm sorry, what do you think about that? That old toad, you know, that old bupotoad, He's sorry, you idiot. Booster in the dynamic duo with a one-shier, I mean, Only a crazy person would write crap like that, you know? And he didn't even write anything in there about him in co-in this week. Cuban president Fidel Castro was undergoing intestinal surgery and provisionally he headed over power. He's not dead yet by the way, I'll do any advancing in the street. He's not dead yet, I'll probably live 220 just to piss you off. Just out of spite. He provisionally headed over power and the communist island nation who was younger brother Raul, younger my ass. Castro Fidel is 79, Raul is 75, not much younger. Castro Secretary Carlos Balenciago. Red alletta, he said was from the president, which he said stress and forced him in a surgery, and then he would be in bed for several weeks after the operation was complete. He'll be turning 80 August 13, maybe a cropped before his 80th birthday, would never be good, or maybe write on his 80th birthday. If you were a big party in the streets, man, can you imagine that? All those young punks who wouldn't know Castro, if he walked into their house right now, all of them, their dance in their pants and their going nuts in the streets. Just another excuse for a drunken black party in the middle of summer, that's all. Raul Castro also assumes control over the armed forces and leadership of the Tommy Pinko party. Last week Fidel Castro was only joking that he had no plans to still hold power when turns 100. I like that. See, never speak prematurely, man. That was a premature evaluation. Because last bulletin we had from Cuba, not looking really very good for Fidel. Does that with you, heard? You were saying that, but don't we get a lesson like that? That's what he said. Castro's surgery came weeks after a US government report called for the US to have assistance in Cuba within weeks of Fidel's death and support a transitional government and have moved the country toward democracy. And if that doesn't work, it will do like we're doing in the rest of the world right now. We'll bomb him into democracy like in Iraq and in the Middle East and everywhere else. It's all we've got there. If you don't want to voluntarily become me, I'll part of this whole democratic. They just like, these are the birthpings, man. That's what Condemnese said. Condemn pleases. They're what she know about birth. Nothing. She knows a lot about pantsuits though. Sensibilities. When Glentice Morales heard that Fidel Castro, I temporarily given up power, she woke her 70-year-old mother to celebrate with other Cuminers else dancing in the streets of Haya-Lia. Oh my God. And there's pictures here just like the ones we saw in CNN, courses at the CNN website of the same punk's carry on in the streets. But it means that it will be a hell with Fidel. Yeah. Big deal. Just like I said, if you're so crazy about Cuba, go there. The hotels there are phenomenal. That's what my Lansky said. Or if you're so crazy about Israel, go there and hug their interior. Okay? The women who came to the US from Cuba, 1970, shared Castro's illness in a heavily Cuban-American city, northwest of Miami, the CNN thing said, like, we don't know where Haya-Lia is. Come on, man. We remember those beautiful big royal palm trees at the track. It was flamingos, right? If we're driven, we need to destroy it at all. As if the communist leader, many considerate roof-lostricated, we're already dead. Many of which many hoped was true. But he's not. He's still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. The first thing I thought of when I heard about Fidows, that only wish my Luis was here to see this, Murta Marállo said a relate husband who died April 2004. He would have been here with us laughing and celebrating with his people. Castro said in the statement, right on Cuban TV last night that he had suffered an intestinal bleeding, apparently due to stress from recent public appearances in Argentina in Cuba, he gave up power to brother Raul. There's another old code, county, pink, oh, toad. Maybe they can all of the local Jim Sarny from the Sun Sentinel. What do you think? Yeah, I like it. And Rick Sanchez taken along with you too. He was filling in on CNN this morning. He was to fill him. South Florida, Cuban American community of about 650,000 is the largest segment of Florida's fast growing Hispanic community and its influences fell across the state. That's all the more reason why it's a major miracle at the Neil Roger show was number one on the screenbook between 10 A.M. and 2 P.M. with a 8.0. Oh, sure, how do you like that? Taking the ass out of the rest of the competition. You better mark that down because it probably won't have it again soon. Because you know what all the comments you're making, you're going to piss off the Jews and I'm pissing off the Cubans and what do we got left? And it blacks don't like us anywhere. Those are the hot and the EDR. So what do we got to choose from? And we will be in Zirlis, Naderadoo, Swamy. We'll have all the rest of the people in the world. Green teeth. They're listening to old senior cruise records. What do we got left, man? We'll have to settle for the non-professional economics. My first reaction was disbelief. My second reaction was, hopes that our Mundo and Tela is who set on the hood of his Red Truck watching his hundreds of cars clogged the streets of Hyalia. This is a singular event in Cuba, simply because there's never been anything that is really people so much hope. Hope of what? Let's have another full-hencio, but Tela's have another fascist dinner. What do you say? Sure, where'd I? Nobody can bring them mob back in there, built some nice casinos? Michael? We've got one. We'll have to come all the way up here to flood a Havana. You can actually fly right there for Miami? Get some of those cigars. Among these cigars smoking, pot banging or is it touched? I think they got that wrong. Among the pot, smoke, it's hot smoking, cigars banging. They're not banging the crowds. They're dancing, baby. See, you should let that go. I keep talking up and you keep dumping her. What do you quit dumping on Martha? What, yeah? Jesus, my one moment in the sunshed, I'm all I do in two days of week here in the summer time of the sky. You finally do some writing. You cut it off. Shmuck. Among the pot smoking, cigars smoking, pot banging, cheering crowds waving, Cuban flags. Are we back to that again? Next thing, I'll be grabbing around with this really flag. I think we're here, where they are. I understand some of them. Some of them are far-bissen. Late last night in early day was a group for us as migrants wearing live jackets, pretending to paddle a cardboard boat on Lil Havana's Kyocho, recalling the desperate journey many examples of taking across the Florida straights. Or poor little alien, little alien, let's bring him back for another unhappy meal at the UNO where. Hey, I'm the baby Jesus. This is a sedan. I understand that you turned wine into a blood into a wine. I did. I'll tell you one thing. Maybe that's what they want. Maybe that's how we're going to bring Jesus back. If there's a little bit more, I don't imagine there's too much more blood left in Conor. They already spilled so much over the weekend. But maybe Jesus will come back and turn into wine. There you go. And he'll hold it up for the camera, say, try to wine. Yeah. This is a celebration of people of hope returning their home country. Something that is 40 something years in making said Joe Martinez, Chairman of the head County Commissioner, so it was born in Cuba. The transition of power in Havana would reshape Cuban American politics in Dario Moreno, a political sense professor in FIU. In Miami, this is a political earthquake where we're going to say the Cuban Americans are going to be pressuring their political officials. There's going to be a lot of pressure on Cuban American elected officials to deliver. Deliver what pizza? Deliver what? Maybe in Oches? That's not a good piece of pizza. Okay. Right. Quiet. Why not? Sportsman Peter Watt can say the administration was monitoring the situation. We can't speculate on Castro's help but we can continue to work for the day of Cuba's freedom he said. The Cuban population in Florida is hardly unified with her by an ex-house urging a tough stance against Castro and the younger generation of Cubans who were born in the US are raised the most of their lives in the US more likely to support engagement with Cuba. In high only 34-year-old Orlando Pino steered his bicycle with one hand away to Cuban flag with the other. He said he wants to return to Cuba with Castro. Bye-bye Orlando. Bye-bye. Well, package sandwiches. Okay. Adios. You're a ghost. All these people threatening you. You see, I think this is wonderful. I hope he crouched tomorrow. Yeah. And then we'll call the bluff of all these people who've had one foot in, you know, you heard about that wet foot drive foot crap. This is one foot in and one foot out. It's kind of like Kevin Spacey. Depending on the day of the week, he's got one foot in the closet, one foot at the same thing, you know, one foot in Cuba, one foot in the USA. And we'll see just how many people are in such a big hurry to go back and do a band in the life of luxury in South Florida. Okay. Beware, beware of budget even in the, the police surroundings that you're out all over the crap 10 10 10 10 wins new York. 10 10 CFR B caroll. We got 10 10 votes. Can you believe 10 Iborin in a Morning. And we have a 10 10 vote to have like their M awful sun grad and I'm only just I have got stuff here today that will make your Now, so make some vibrations. Just put your hands on the radio. This is a meal of our graciousness in your life. Oh, this is 5.62. 8. Those meals are scarrows. The sun is rolling from Ilya. It's a little baby from Ilya. The sun is rolling from Ilya. The sun is rolling from Ilya. Good morning fellows, guys. Things are gonna come soon theroom in a fruited vagina. It's on average some of it is bonnet smoke. So many slows. Even in a tick-a-d-d-one down chat. You gotta meet and dish it to see girls and that. Not like the bear beans and chickenomes. Ohh, it's nice, okay? It'd be good for you doing. I have to listen to the old lady from the sky, I'll leave you now I'll let you slow, let me slow, let me slow, let me slow You put your open act, you're like you've never seen you I'll let you slow, let me slow, let me slow, let me slow Don't try and blow your own new edge, it's day that goes You'll only keep suffering on a respirator Now I can't leave the no one who would make me mean it And I'll let you slow, let me, from the sky, I'll leave you Call me, she's all she's a real old boy She's a girl, having their beck ol' old boys She's a little old lady from the sky, I'll leave you now She's still with a low lady from the sky, I'll leave you now I'll let you slow, let me slow, let me slow, let me slow, let me slow I'll let you slow, let me slow, let me slow You put your open act, you're like you've never seen you You put the most ethnocent with people in the world, peace stand up All of that, they just all stood up together This is the most important news, perhaps in the history of mankind Forget about Fidel, forget about the Middle East, forget about the Baghdad Forget about the dive-old in those fixed voting machines US Secretary has said, condemn Lisa Rice's Renegade Fashensense And how many three boots earned her a spot on vanity for his best rest List alongside the likes of actress Renee Zellberger And Princess Britain's Prince William Yesterday the magazine unveiled its annual top 10 list for the best rest Men and Women that includes actress pop stars and royalty A few queens on list I guess In addition to Rice, the best rest women's list includes You want television star Oprah Winfrey, how do you like that? Best rest, it's like that pup tent that she wears Everybody loves Oprah, actress Selma Blair, filmmaker Sofia Coppola Rocksinger Gwen Stefani and Charlotte Cassarraggy daughter of Monica's Princess Caroline I never heard of Charlotte Cassarraggy and you know No, we've heard of Princess Caroline though, yes And I remember her mommy Football star David Beckham made the men's top 10 list with American actor George Clooney You know something? No, he makes me sick of my stomach as much as I dislike him before Now that I watch it, Surrey and I really despise him I can't stand him, well he's the bill Gibson And if I, you know something? I see some similarities, okay? Forget about the infest semantic part I just can't stand George Clooney, it's me nauseous And anybody who missed that show when I gave you my review Do not waste your time, do not waste your eyesight or your money Or watch in Surrey and okay, it is the biggest piece of turd This jointed, this connected, that tells you there's nothing in it Of any like, oh yeah, guys and then the oil moguls are crooks And they're making all the big money, no, no Rapper Canyon believe it West CNN anchor Anderson's pooper I told you there's some queens on here And Prince Ernst August of Hanover, Princess Caroline's husband Among others The fashion glossy named rise to a 67 list for her immaculately groomed And formally dignified with an obvious reticates, streak fashion since Not to mention her black, knee-high dominator's boots Yeah, yeah, hey kind of laser You're fairery The magazine also inducted Queen Renia of Jordan and model Kate Moss And the first fashion hall of flame The list will appear in the September style issue Hitting new stands nationwide, obviously Oh, we come today, can't wait But Archers said about that, turled, be elderly Although what's your name didn't make it Mrs. Limbaugh, they're in Kagur They're going to make it Miami spent it, this is the last thing I'm not going to get into important stuff as opposed to this All this hysteria See when Castro dies, you can only imagine You know, he's got intestinal bleeding And he's turned the rains of power over to Raul temporarily For like a week and a half or whatever, it's going to be You can only imagine when he really does grow Oh by the way, is it here's a bullet in Castro's dead Is it? And you hear about cats on her, is his plane? No, what about it? Let's just start making stuff up Okay, I know we'll get enough of Fox News Right, that's right, Fox News is my, oh, I just saw the story Do a judge from about Fox News Just ripping them and asked about how they're just The sucking up the Israel and about the rationalizing Even what happened in common, no matter what Just lying and lying and lying and pandering To their teeth, Rupert Murdoch is the anti-Christ Miami Spanish language radio came alive last night In this morning, it's two minutes house called And late night talk shows two theorized about what The news of Castro's surgery really meant Reading men, in other words, there's something dark And sinister here going on That's right, what does it really mean? You know, I think it really means I give up, I think it means he's having surgery Radio personalities like Mark Daphrod is a radio Radio, radio, mumbi, cuss, the audience to temperate And so that's another reason that we're not going to be able to Compete during the summer months Now that this thing just happened here, can you imagine A number for a radio mumbi, of course most of their audience Is death plus 10, you know, that's right The old demographic, the old green two people They listen to a radio mumbi, a radio, right? You gotta have a trillard, we all have a radio mumbi They're very well-lucky I do it. I got a lot of practice, man In fact, if you really want to put me to the test, make no mistake This is the happiest day of my life on woman Colors said joyfully, people listen to leasing the mean No one is confirmed that Fidel is dead floors of my Adroidians who clogged her radio lines They were going, oh yeah, clogged Others said they were sure the mirror announcement They had a striper five months of assignment he's dead Not that we're dealing with people who get a little bit emotional Sometimes There's nobody getting overly emotional and soft forward The only reason Cuba said anything otherwise we wouldn't even know he was sick He's dead, that's another collar And W2BA, Kubea, la Kubea, nisima, kumbaya Kumbaya When your personality said they had seen a copy of this They were initially by Castro and the signature did not appear to me They come and Dante's giving fuel to the dead theory I think he's dead This is the beginning for the The infrastructure, the other collar Some collar said the in reach relatives on the island They said fear and apprehension seemed to be the Perflant emotions One woman said, kind of like in a lot of that going around It's a lever on this lot of They keep telling these people to get off because we're going to be bombing And go get on it The only problem is that a lot of these people don't have any cars And the people that do have cars can't get any gas to a go anywhere Because there's no gas, they didn't have any commerce going on And number three, other roads are all bombed out anyhow But other than that, if I said like, yeah They said fear and apprehension seemed to be the Perflant emotions on Cuba One woman said, or family was locked in their homes Not sure what to make of the news They were afraid that if they do anything and implies that they're happy They're going to be arrested Just feel like in the US, you know If the Republican should lose any election And you're happy about that, they will come and drag your ass away They'll be knocking on the door three in the morning It'll lead to the fascist regime Or it'll be severe as far as in his very fashionable bathroom I'm sorry, how are you as far as sometimes it's a severe sometimes it's a severe Cuba, etc. We got a thousand and thirty invoits That's what's in a Cuba, we got Now, you remember Iraq? What? Because that's exactly, that's precisely right because that's this whole Smoke screen that's going on right now All these people are just the human sacrifice Until this weekend when we find a go with a ceasefire Because they got the name and they've already In fact, I got that story too Israel's ready to swap two Hezbollah captives for the two soldiers that they allegedly were so whipped up about, you know? This is from the Israeli newspaper Harretz Is it the other released? The other released? The other released, I said it's too Yeah, by Elu Ben and Shlomo Shamir He sounds like a real anti-Sem, I just slow-mo Israel released two Lebanese prisoners in return for the two soldiers abducted by Hezbollah As part of a ceasefire agreement, government and defense officials say yesterday The sources added that the UN Security Council would call for a ceasefire in Lebanon Friday and it could take effect as early as this Saturday Oh, Erah Shabbis, I'll turn itively to fighting my continue for a few more days Prime Minister Abud Olmer, who's a surrifiably crazy person To a British Prime Minister Todi Todi Blair That as soon as an international fourthly close along the Israeli Lebanon and Syria Lebanese borders, it'll be possible to implement a ceasefire Immediately after soldiers egg-el-uh Dad, the regave and a-whoed Goldva, so we're captured Our Goldwater, Omar said that Israel would not negotiate a prisoner Change for the release of a position he also took following the abduction of Israel Defense Forces soldier Yelai Chalit in the Gaza Strip But it would be put about however, with the fighting still ongoing, government and military sources Said that Israel would find a difficult one to insist on this position And I'm negotiating a ceasefire, Ayyadiya, and a partridge in perpetrator So I guess they've got to tell us although then probably by this weekend He'll say, oh no, we need two three more weeks We're at that end. And that's something, yeah, we're not telling killing all those innocent people yet Plus maybe a 10 or 20 has belong Now, getting back to what I started to see even out, same thing overshadowed File like Les Venisecraft Come and dress in military fatigue, swooped down on the offices of the Iraqi-American Chamber of Commerce And they nearby mobile phone company, if they're teasing 29 people Also yesterday, at least 27 others were killed or found dead In political or sectarian violence, it's a blood bath It's a civil war, it's a nightmare The kidnappings occurred around noon yesterday when armed uniform men arrived in 15 Four-wheel drive vehicles in the main shopping area of Karada And upscale residential district where several prominent Shiite politicians lived Four soldiers died in a suicide bombing in northern Iraq And it goes on, it's just more the every single day And of course, you know, 100 Iraqi civilians are dying each and every day Because of all this madness, this lunacy that's going on That they had a racketech and in the meantime, how come nobody's being tried for war crimes Could freedom is all the march? How come nobody's being held responsible for this bloodshed is lunacy, this insanity How come the butcher of Washington is a busy, a meeting of people from a defense from American idol Huh, in his idol time Let me just tell you right now, my best advice just keep in mind But I've been telling you for a hundred years, the world is a crazy place full of What are the more crazy people? That's all, apparently That's correct 152 votes, what would be the last thing you'd watch on TV? I don't think I've ever read the poll today No, but we still got a lot of votes The last thing you'd watch on TV, Fox News, good choice 2011 There is, and that's an oxymoron Fox News There is no news, it's only proper gander Religious programs 154 and that was the late edition Like the 700 club and all of a sudden a crowd And James Dobson and James Robinson And what's that, Barbison up there in four-laterdale? Oh, he's in the Kennedy Kennedy then People playing cards, poker, 154, I was reading the other day That stuff actually is very popular That should tell you that's the end of the world It's coming, people are watching other people playing cards on television Any so-called reality show one for 143 And which includes a guest American idol in all the 85 spin-offs In four-mortals 136 I don't know why some of them are very entertaining Especially the juicy man with the what's his image Just here in 150, Jackal Lane Golf 89, wrestling 53, soccer 45 I hate this totally 31, they like it Based ball 16, network news, many ABCCBS-RNBC-14 And CNN only six, I've got to say, well, flutter is Jewish And I guess well, say Jewish Wolf blitzers Jewish? Yes, with a crowd name like that Blitzers, blitzers, blitzers And with cheese blitzers, wolf blitzers But I was like lightning Let me say again wolf blitzers is Jewish Okay, keep that in mind So this is a wolf Wolf Roger, rich in loft of view waves Oh, it's 5.64 Wrong phase Oh, oh This is the new Roger's Wolf blitzers, wolf blitzers This is your brain, wolf blitzers, wolf blitzers Wolf blitzers, wolf blitzers, wolf blitzers Any questions? First, I was in ignorance I was mortified With an honest guess if I went with some red egg girls and guise But I want a million bucks In frying time and above I stress my stuff And the nation's frying enough But now I'm fat In all the news I can't say children And make my taxes far I'm kept so much to do I like to roam Fix up my homes I treat them in I'm with seduce Once I've had my best reduced But now I'm gonna do some time What this looks just like the kind of place Where I will do just fine Hoping up the ceiling Gave I've got a smile Along my face for the next four years So I won't have problems Spying days I wish to find I wish to find Reckham I'm surrounded by a thousand men Who I can feel alive The court says here is where I live I've got so much fun with you So I'll survive I will survive The head with 40 oh It comes with so much help Oh, let's take Dr. Thrillers one That's the good one for the full What about Oprah? Huh? We'll put a both on there Put them both on there Dr. Phil and Down to shadow without I wouldn't want to if you paid me by the second Oprah right Okay That's the point Okay, you were doubting my comments about Wolf Glitzkrie Well, I'd like to hear that one Especially considering that I wasn't really sure But I noticed that his incredible slant His pro is really signified The last paragraph of his bio and Wikipedia says Blitzer Blitzkrie is regularly been criticized By some observers from what they see is a pro Israel world view Now would you like to find out why? Okay, then sit back in your chair and I'll tell you Why? I'd rather sit forward Wolf Glitzkrie Mr. Barmar 22nd, 1948 in Buffalo, New York There's a big strike against him right there Is a Jewish American journalist and author He has been a CNN reporter since 1990 And his known for his pedantic straightforward I see I put the net again because he's ridiculous Let's go to Jack Cavity in the Situation Murrant Oh, he's just he makes me nauseous No, for a straightforward hard news reporting Stout, Blitzkrie is currently the host of the newscast The situation room and the Sunday talk show Late edition with Wolf Glitzkrie Blitzkrie is previously hosted with Wolf Glitzkrie Ports which was replaced by the situation room Blitzkrie, who is first name is his maternal grandfather's name Gruppen Buffalo, the son of Jewish Holocaust refugees from Poland He graduated from Pinmore West in your high school He received a B.A. degree in history from the University of Buffalo in 1970, Bigmonsia and an M.A. degree in international relations from the Johns Hopkins University School of Events International Studies in 1972 while studying the Smithsonian's SUNY Buffalo Wolf is a brother of alpha-F salon Puy fraternity as was former CNN coworker Robert Novak How do you like that? Did you hear that? I heard we're CNN coworker The anxious Robert Novak and don't blame me for a Valerie Plame His career in journalism began in 1972 in the teleive view of the Rutgers News Agency He soon moved to Washington, B.C. where he was White House correspondent for the Jerusalem Post is the picture starting the film out for you now The news about the news is that the American Israel public affairs committee In 1990, he was head by CNN as a military affairs reporter His team's coverage of the first call for a table A.S. award and made him a house old name He's an ace. Let me say it again. He has regularly been criticized by some of the people in the world who are not aware of the news He's a pro Israel world view. There's a question in the out-of-the-art of the county There's a question in the out-of-art of the county. There are people who support the communist regime and people who are not aware of the news Many people in exile are from the living there and taking to the floor to make their way here to the floor and vice versa Oh my god, just what we need is another I'd say 2300,000 more roughly you're for years Whenever you're good, yeah, I'm right here Eric Burman, okay keep in mind the name Sounds like one of our good Jewish boys to me Right soon we have his columns in our all-time on our website Okay, A.Pax Hold Seeing what a good segue that was Do I know how to segue him or what? You do it. I don't think it any calls today I don't even have the screen on. I showed it off When I could think and smart I'm all conserving energy because they're worried about the Power demand because we got that's like 185 degrees of the not the temperature but the human ex It's going to be like 96 today with 93 yesterday and they had the second highest demand for power in the history of the city here And today it's going to be even versed Oh, there's Mel Martinez, but it would be beautiful But I'm not going to roll my god. What a shock to see his ugly ass on That's already 31. It's going to be 36 today. What is that? 90 or something. I think it's 95. Area Burmett and the nation rights in early March The American Israel Public Affairs Committee A.PAC Heldes 47th Annual Conference in Washington A.PAC Executive Director has been 27 minutes reading the role Call of the dignitaries president of the Girodinner Which included a majority of the Senate and a quarter of the house Along with dozens of administration officials As this event illustrates it's impossible to talk about Converses relationship to Israel Without highlighting A.PAC, the American Jewish communities Most important voice on the hill. The Congressional reaction to Hezbollah's attack on Israel and Israel's Retarity of Reselio Torrey bombing of Lebanon Provided the latest example of why Until I 18 the city unanimously approved a non-binding resolution Condemning Hamas and Hezbollah and their state's Consciousness of supporting Israel's exercise of its rights Asself Defense. After House Majority Leader John Banner Removed language from the bill urging all sides to protect Instance of Indian Life and Infrastructure, the House Version passed by a landslide vote of 410 to 8. A.PAC not only lobbied for the resolution, it had written it. Congress was given a resolution by A.PAC Said former Carter administration National Security Advisors Vigno Brigenzki who addressed the House Democratic caucus And July 19. They didn't prepare one. A.PAC is leading player in what is sometimes referred to as The Israel lobby. A coalition now I want you to put your hands On the sides of your chair. All right. A coalition that includes major Jewish groups Neoconservative intellectuals and Christian Zionists. Oh my God. With its impressive context among Hill Staffers Implemental grassroots supporters and deep connections to wealthy donors A.PAC is the lobby's key emissary to Congress But in many ways, A.PAC has become greater than just another lobby. Its work has made unconditional supporters real on accepted Cost of doing business inside the halls of Congress. A.PAC's interest Israel's interest and America's interest are today Proceed by most elective leaders to be one of the same. Christian conservatives increasingly aligned with A.PAC demand unwavering support for Israel from their Republican leaders In mid July, 3,000 Tussi Ventalcos came to town For the first annual Christian United for Israel's summit meeting And Democrats are equally concerned about alienating Jewish voters And Jewish donors long or cornerstone of their party. Some in Congress are deeply uncomfortable with A.PAC's militant world view And heavy handed tactics, but most dare not say so publicly. The Bush administration is bad enough in tolerating measures They couldn't accept anywhere else but Israel said Henry Seagman Former head of the American Jewish Congress and a Middle East expert at the Council On Foreign Relations. But Congress of anything is urging the administration on and Quiddishizing them even at their most accommodating. When it comes to the Israeli Arab conflict, the terms of debate are so influenced by organized Jewish groups like A.PAC that to be critical of Israel's to deny oneself the ability to succeed in American politics. There are a few internationalist Republicans in the Senate and progressive Democrats in the House who occasionally dissent, represented a Venice Senate in 23 coastbonds of offered a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire And returned to multi-part and diplomacy between the US and regional powers With no preconditions. But even the resolution supporters admitted this isn't going to go anywhere. Another bill introduced by several Arab American lawmakers that stressed the need to minimize civilian casualties on both sides was politically swept under the rug According to representative Nick Rayhol, a Lebanese American Democrat from West Virginia who voted against the House resolution. The Polish-American Israeli group such as Americans for peace now have largely stayed out of the fight. The latest, hawkish congressional activities primarily intended to show voters and potential donors that elected officials are on wavering friends of Israel and the Mesoopt terrorism. It's just for home consumption, said representative Charlie Rangley, Parfony or Democrat who signed on a Conscious Resolution. We don't have the support of countries that support us. What they are going to do, bomb Iran, bomb Syria? His colleagues said Rayhol were trying to out-a-pack A-PAC. The special in Congress quickly widened beyond his real-include a broader policy of confrontation toward the entire Middle East. Congressmen sent a theory of dear colleague letters to one another, hoping to pressure the administration into tightening sanctions on Syria and Iran as well as two main states sponsors. Former Middle East on boy Dennis Ross had arrested a packed A-packs sponsored luncheon on a hill, according to one aide, who was there, Ross told the room, this is all about Syria and Iran. We shouldn't be condemning Israel now. Said representative Robert Andrews, an Democrat from New Jersey in co-chair of the Iran working group, which this week co-founded an official from the Israeli embassy, acting to her completely without a approach. Democrats as they did during the Dubai port scandal, used the crisis to score a few cheap, easy political points against the Bush administration, the new prime minister of Iraq, Noray Al-Malikki, found himself engulfed in a congressional firestorm after he denounced Israel's attacks on Lebanon as an active aggression. Democratic congressional campaign committee chair, Ron Emanuel, who volunteered in his wilderness first call for, called on Malikki to cancel his time at Dressby for Congress. Our senator Chuck Schumer, who skipped Malikki's July 26 speech, which side is the Ammon comes to the war on terror? Howard Dean won up his colleagues, labeling Malikki, and anti-Semite during his speech in Palm Beach. Ironically, during the 2004 campaign, Dean called on the United States to be an even headed broker in the Middle East, that position in rage party leaders such as House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who signed a letter attacking his remarks. It was designed to send a message, no one ever does this again, said MJ Rosenberg of the Center left Israel policy form, and no one has. The only safe thing is to say, I support Israel. In April, a representative from a pack called Congresswoman Vadimakalam's vote against a black-coney and bills to really critailing aid to the Palestinian 30 support for terrorists. Not surprisingly, most in Congress see Farmore harm than rewarding getting in the Israeli lobby's way. It remains a perception of power and fear that A pack can undo use said James Zagbe. President of the American Arab Institute, he points to the defeats of representative Paul Finley, and Senator Charles Percy in the 1980s, and representative Cynthia McKinney in early-hundred and 2002, when A pack steered large donors to their opponents. Even if A pack's make you are break your reputation as largely a myth, an election year that perception is potent. 36 pro-Israeli pack, Steve 3.14 million dollars to candidates in the 2004 election cycle. Ray Hall said his opponent for reelection issued his first press release at a campaign after Ray Hall voted against the House Resolution. Everybody knew what would happen if they didn't vote as he said. A pack continues to enjoy deep bipartisan backing inside Congress, even after two top A pack officials were indebted to the year ago, for allegedly accepting and passing on confidential national security secrets from a defense department analyst. The US and Israel share a lot of basic common values. The vast majority of the American people not only support Israel's actions against says Blah, but also the fundamental US is a relationship, and the bipartisan support in Congress reflects that today, in fact, spokesman Josh Blah. Rosenberg himself a former A pack staff who puts it in another way. This is the one issue on which liberals are permitted even expected by donors to be mindless hawks. By blindly following A pack, Congress enforces a hard-line consensus, criticizing Israeli actions even in the best of faith as anti-Israel, and possibly anti-Semitic, enthusiastically backing whatever military action Israel wanted to take the only acceptable stance. Recent Gallup posture that half of American support Israel's military campaign, it's 65% believe the US shouldn't take sides in a conflict, but it's hard to imagine any Congress or a subsequent administration returning to the role of honest broker. What the region needs now are according to Virginia's and American leader, brave enough to say, either I make policy on the Middle East or A pack makes policy on the Middle East one can always dream since every moment. The shame on you, area you anti-Semitic, too, just like me, and just like you, I mean, it's just, in 1986, what's gonna happen? We're gonna have over 100 by 1130. You better write this down on a wall. This is new right in the Q-Walls, man. This is 560 Q-A-S. We're gonna have to be there for the better decision, no matter how much we do, we're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to go back to the country. We're gonna have to have that man with Jared, that making bread. The person there is so little guy who's gonna go crazy today, if we can go back to the ground. We're gonna have to go back to the ground. Now we're gonna have to go back to the ground. We're gonna have to go back to the ground. We're gonna have to head around the way. Back now, hey, got no dead criminal, but in it now, we do the best so right now. We should stop here, just be there for the better decision, all right. We made your bulletin okay, this is major big news, this is basically just me. This is the biggest story of the day. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. When you agree, there's no doubt. I mean, I'm so moved. Oh, my God. This, I mean, we're already new a little bit about this, but this is like in great detail. A press release about it. What about our former best personal friends? It's time to get it on. Bluff poker radio will get some excellent help during their broadcast. This year's World Series of Poker, the news company recently announced that Veterans Sports & Ours, Mohour David, David, David, David, David. We'll leave the station's list of announcements to the WSOP action. Part of this is chopped off, you know, just. Yes, Bluff poker radio will bring poker fans WSOP action. That's World Series of Poker, of course. Ten hours a day for each day of the World Series of Poker host events. The poker radio stations broadcast by the serious radio network. All my God, just one more reason to go out there and spend that money to get serious. Serious? As a heart attack, we are thrilled to have a play by a play of veteran like Howard David, anchor of the WSOP broadcast, said Bluff President Eddie Clyde, his experience with the NFL, the NBA, the Olympics and the PGA will prove invaluable to the World Series of Poker to radio. No Howard David will have some help in the broadcast, both the likes of Fox Sports, Analyst, Nick Geber, journalist, John Verhouse, and professional poker legend, Phil Gordon. Oh my God, Phil Gordon. The door. When I was approached about broadcasting the World Series of Poker, I was honored to get involved in this prestigious event explained to him how he'd be. Oh, you say he's a man. Oh, you say he's a man. Oh, you say he's a man. Oh, yeah. Take your head out of your own age. Okay, come down. I felt it would be a new challenge for me in the same light as Super Bowl I was fortunate to broadcast, as well as the five that followed from the Super Bowl to the World Series of Poker. I'm right. I am delighted to have a role in the undertaking, I'll undertake, and it would be a good profession for him when you think that's cute. And it would not be a winner of the largest personnel sports. The Bluff poker radio broadcast, the World Series of Poker will truly bring poker fans to the WSOP's edition of broadcasting. They didn't as cruel, bring you tournament analization, interviews and chance for listeners to interact with the event by asking your questions to the poker process you're acting, but I think asking your questions to the poker pros. And this is a facts of news release from Hollywood poker room. Hollywood poker dot com. Great. Wow, they have poker in the front. Don't poker in the back. No. Whatever you do, it's a liquor bag. Anyway, there you go. So, I'm going to show you how I've divided my moves on. Okay, you see that? That's right. Either you make it or you don't. 112 votes on the poll. My Carlton in the Sydney Morning Herald writes children die in the name of protection. Because they're good article. I put like a star on it. I'm not a star of David. Oh, try to star. Say, panic. No, just a little bit of a devil. I'm like a printed asterus. I can't print a black film, Rick and risk. All right. Doc O, the first non-see, the first non-see concentration camp is a sure train ride outside Munich. I went there in my 20s, deep in a German winter. Is this facts important? Nope. I'm just looking. What is this? Apparently, somebody's upset because one of the drug dealers in the new money may be vice-mobies worrying in his really defense force is a t-shirt. Oh, boy. Well, I will get to that. I'll put that over here. Anyway, getting back to this, my Carlton. He says, a cold mystery to the cross-divir offenses in the watch towers and the museum that was once the SS administration block. Spots of streets settled on the Roder and Prince Kate were still the same. In Prince Kate were still the space and evil black letters that, in delible, Nazi li of lies, our bite must fry, work brings freedom. I was with an American backpacker I had met about the same age. His father had been a loose, loose, loathlaw of pilot killed on the Russian front. His widowed mother had immigrated to the US. He spoke summa German. He was on his first visit to the homeland. And so we walked through the camp in the lowering light. The shower room where the prisoners were gasped. The iron hanging hooks, the red-break premature in ovens. The pistol range were Jews, Christians, homosexuals, poles, text rarsons, and disinterimments were murdered for support by drunk and SS cards. The mask raves. The silent witness of six-mode in dead. As we left Berwick X to killing block, the American boy slumped to his knees weeping. Mine vatter he softened throw the gas wreck with pain. Mine leaver vatter. The loathop of flower he never knew had been, however, remotely, an agent of the holocaust. We clung to each other in the dark our reign crying. That preamble is necessary, I think, because in these times, to write anything even mildly critical of Israel attracts a hail of letters from furious Jews who are only in charge of anti-Semitism. After last week's column, which canvass the immorality of the Israeli defense forces killing Lebanese civilians, a hysterical Melbourne dentist wrote to accuse me of holocaust denial. Other emails, a little more rational, but loaded with lofty condescension, a few that I was either ignorant of history or why not clean his storting it. I'm not a kid only be hatred of Jews. For your own career advancement, Seared One. Oh, please. A third enlarger group sent polite and laboriously long letters, replete with internet links to this source and that one. Honestly, proclaiming Israel's right to defend itself from hostile neighbors. We can ignore the mad dentist. As for the second lot, we might bang on forever about everything from the Masada sacrifice to the balford declaration of 1917, but that will not change the off of realities of the Middle East today. It is a third group, which warrants an answer. He asked the Jewish state his area right to exist and defend itself against those Islamic terrorists and their sponsors who seek its destruction. Those hens below rockets fired under high far in atrocity. The Hamas who aside bombers of Gaza are murderers. Innocent Israelis have died in their scores. But does that give Israel some eye for an eye license to destroy Lebanon, the only other democratically constituted state in the Middle East? Next time you write, please tell me why Lebanese children should die and their villages beneath the wings of the Israeli Air Force, or be carried shattered by Israeli shrapnel in a bombarded hospitals. Have you seen the horror and their eyes on the TV news? What did they do to deserve this crime against them? Are you no better than your terrorist enemies? Please explain to me two by an Israeli missile signed with deadly accuracy, into the un-estacable red cross of top A Lebanese civilian ambulance. Then tell us how was that 49 nation's observers were killed in attack on a UN compound in southern Lebanon, and installation had been there for 20 years, marked on every map, and which had broadcast no fewer than 10 appeals for a cessation of the shelling. Finally, I ask you is it possible it is your my crush has blot, learned to create a new generation of neighbors who will grow and hatred to seek vengeance in years to come, is that all you will achieve? The monument to the unknown prisoner in Dakau carries this legend, carved in stone, to honor the dead to warn the living. And so to the Bushmanist race where the hypocrisy is now practically intending, the president is a stuttering loon we know that. But the sight of his hand-made and condoled these arise, we laterly flitting from Bay Route to Jerusalem in her selection of fetching pant suits, regrating civic encasualies and bleeding about the root causes, makes you want to keep a brick at the TV set. Israel gets nearly $4 billion a year in military and other rates from the West 3.9 billion, the bombs dropped on Bay Route were born in the USA. Lar Rice, who am I off for $11,000 on $40 million to clean up the carnage day at Rod. More than ever I'm convinced that she is actually Cindy Bird-Song, and the newborn second vocalist from the Supreme. That's the key of it. That last line is key of three out of the course of Nardians. Right. How about those pants suits, huh? Oh yeah, that's why they made that vanity fair top 10 best rest bitch. There's no question. Man, oh man, I see that get to the pitch of my TV. I want to take that same brick he's talking about, just he but, hurling. Just hurling. Or maybe just hurling. This is a new Rogerace. This is 560. Were you drugs back in? The reason why I tried to broke those feats fire to bring an end to two weeks of fighting and the two of them were just 90 70 buddies. And I was 40 years old. Come on, ladies, surprise. You will need to sacrifice your job. You're all told that the fight is not a good thing. You're all the way to the end of the fight. You took the every step by. And somehow I think you've failed just for sure. See if you've been full, we've had them go the time. You failed to make the least with this way, we're the best times. You've been seen as full on the side of the team. And you've got to go, over there is one day. Come on, ladies, surprise. You're making a sacrifice by time. The notes of the time, how far is this fight? Let's go, gentlemen. I'm so sorry to hear that you're not trying to accept it. Yes, please, one day. But this is what this will go. But if you go so smoothly, she'll record it until the end of the season. She'll see fire until the end of the season. She'll have to have a few catchers and pull back from the Israeli border. You're good, you've got to work. One to thirty two at five, sixty, double to two. I'm happy. August the first baby. It's August, number one. Oh no. To now is dead. Maybe. Just maybe. Anyway, dispensary to send me from his Debbie Schlossel, you know who she is? No. I just Googled her. Okay. She liked it. She's another right way, not much. She shows up on Fox all the time. Oh, crazy person. And she puts out a release here. And somebody facts this to us about. She wants people to boycott the Miami-Vice movie because the main drug maybe they're the arrest in the warehouse is wearing a giant Israeli defense forces t-shirt. I haven't Israeli defense forces t-shirt. But she has one and she wears it as a night shirt. I'll be at her. I'd like that. Debbie Schlossel. She's way ahead of her. I'm avoiding that movie anyway, just because of Colin Farrell. Oh. Well, here's some good news. Maybe they're finally all the way. It's not Tony Blair. It's the British parliament that's just filming it the mouth. And they're finally taking Tony Blair to task for being the apparel of the US. US military flights carrying bombs to Israel will no longer use any civil in airports in the UK. The BBC has learned the decision follows criticism of use of press to record airport near Glasgow to reveal flights suspected of carrying bombs to Israel. Remember how they had a arrest. Those bunker buster bombs over there might have been basically. Right. Well, they made them unapproved and they just do whatever it had had they want basically. They busted some bunkers with them. It is a merciless than a future only military or fields will be used. The decision was reached after protest if the airport discussions between various government departments led by the Foreign Office. US flights to Israel use RAF Milden Hall in Suffolk rather than press prepared for last weekend, prompting a prompting protest from about 30. About 30 minutes. Campainers are the military base. BBC news understands that foreign secretary Margaret Beckett last week pressed for all US flights through the UK to be suspended while the hostilities in Lebanon continued. But our concerns were rejected by Downing Street by that Poodle Tony Blair. The latest movie means it claims that at least will not pass this of it in bases any longer. Miss Beckett life, we open up a rare public rift with the Americans when she said she was not happy because it appeared that the US planes at press were kept not followed correct procedures for transporting hazardous materials. Those big bombs that we have to rush over to the Israelis. She raised the issue with US Secretary of State Condom please their rise and threatened to make a formal protest to report proved to be true. For worries were seized by government critics as evidence that America was taking British support for granted. Which is the understanding of the century I would say. We got over 1100 votes on that poll. Aren't you pretty proud of me? How do you like that? Press it. It's not even noon yet. 1127 votes. What would be the last thing you watch on TV? Fox News, 2021 Good Choice, Excellent Choice. On those rare occasions because it was like in the beginning of the year, finally made it appear. They stuck it on my cable on those rare cases when I'm channel surfing and happens to pop up there like momentarily. That quick and boy it disappears like like you wouldn't believe. Even the great car neck would be amazed by the disappearing act. Fox News, 2021. Religious programs, 17077. People playing cards poker and crap like that. And 64. Wow man, the world series of poker. Oh my. And it compares it to doing Super Bowl 1. And the first five Superbals. That's how the money of fallen. Okay, on really desperate times. Okay, Mo. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. Any so called reality show 150 much. It includes American Idol American. The town. America's got talent. America's got the leadership. They're all gone shows. In former. Yeah, it's right. Chuck Berris is embarrassed. You know the CIA killer. Yeah. In former. Social 140. Golf 91. Wrestling 57. Soccer 47. I hate this pool only 35 only. If he percent that's pretty low for this very picky crowd. I don't think you put that under yesterday. I hate this pool. Come on. Go ahead. But why not? Because I hate those people. Oh. Well. Network News ABC NBC and CBS 17. We'd left off. Do. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. We'd go to the company. I'll get all of that eventually. Or not. Maybe we'll just keep going. Who we got a two bow. He don't mind. He and all his pals at university. Don't enjoy the fact. So their big fans that they show. He would love this. Go on. They'll for quite even for our sake. Pierre Tristom. Whenever again, needing to apply to Lebanon. Massacre is at Conna. This is really heavy. It's good stuff. I got only good stuff today, baby. And why do I read all these articles on here? Because I sure is. I'm not articulate enough or intelligent enough to be seen in this way. Right? You don't have to agree with that. Oh, there's Barbara Starguide. It can learn about the stuff. That's a guy. I'm serious. She looks like a man. Maybe she's only got it. Oh, I can't believe you said that. She's only got a strap on. This is Neil Rogers. That's the man. Space 5, 16, 21, 18. What the hell was that? I don't know. Was it a rejoin? Yeah. Hey. Get out of here. What? I don't know. I don't know. If you can't stop me. I don't know. I don't know. But I don't know. That's a rejoin since when. Here. And it's now okay. Hey, it's been a while. You moron. You pervert. You pervert. Haven't you heard? Never had the first time a stalker. I say the joys, they're all pursuit by stranger Now get some tears for his own life Since the passion of the Christ and the paparazzi Now he's life's revenge Just gotta start a doubt, gotta start a doubt Now I just start a doubt, gotta start a doubt, gotta start a doubt Now I just start a doubt, gotta start a doubt All right Even my heart calls for country My love to see them get sensed with And when they're about to be disillusioned We are Jesus, they're written in order to find us in And don't be so want to do the strength That one has to be changed Don't go away and lay No big round in the special of days But people pour into their empty sweat The breaking bombs are just red turntables And all across the new west bay Jesus, glory was a hit tonight It's no big but cash and still we thought of their reign Not one has been changed No girls will wear a name No big round in the special of days And the most expensive people pour into their bombs Oh I loved the way that ends Yeah they always read you Same thing I'm just a, did they google here on Wikipedia Mel Gibson? Oh there in fact there's the thing This was directed at the arresting officer Are you a Jew? Those are the comments quoted And attributed to Mel Gibson and now he admitted he made anti-synthetically But he's so sorry it's just like all of us He's so sorry about all his dead children Those dennis and people and there's lesbianies So anyway, extremely devoted to his faith See well what kind of a person would make a movie And then make millions of dollars off it Are reinforcing all the Jews killed Jesus Yadi Adiyati and all the other crap And show him getting like a flagulated and whipped and bleeding And guts and blood Who would do that? I give up other than Mel I hope you enjoyed the movie though His positions are in accordance with traditionalist Catholicism That's right And in 2004 publicly condemned taxpayer funded embryonic stem cell research That involves the cloning and destruction of human embryos And Yadi Adiyati, oh he was on with Sean Hannity Words of a feather clocked together okay But nevertheless Massacre is a connoe when never again Needing a plight 11 on rice pier, twist him In the Daytona of all places Daytona Beach News Journal He says it was April 18th, 1996 to fifth day of what is real dubbed operation Griefs of wrath One of its episodic ways are responded to ant bites from South Lebanon's parasites With residents fired bombing tonnage on the civilian population of Lebanon At the time as we were lucky by what a disingenuously called a security zone in South Lebanon It was an occupation zone for about 12 miles deep But the international press for the most part bought the Israeli euphemism Southern Lebanese didn't especially hezbollah The occupation zone was frequently attacked Just as Israel frequently attacked Lebanese villages And kidnapped Lebanese citizens as bargaining chips When it wasn't assassinating them outright Something of this always allowed itself and out others In April 1996, Israel launched operation Griefs of wrath And response to a few Hezbollah rockets That interrogated northern Israel but as always with mostly ineffective results Except to give Israel the excuse to unleash one of its regular results One of its killer training runs in Lebanon's expense One of its lessons that never teach anybody anything But do wonders to be fup the near-finatical hatred of Israel in the region It considerable accomplishment giving the competing factions to deserving hate and resentment there So if any ensu couldn't make their way north made their way to United Nations and campments Thanks to the blue helmets thinking the blue helmets would protect them Thinking Israel would not be so murderous as to target UN camps How wrong was civilians were? On April 18, 1996 Israel unleashed an artillery barrage on the UN and camp in a canna A village five miles east of Tyre His Golaw rockets had inferred at Israel from near there The rockets had done a little more than psychological damage But they'd been fired. It was enough. Pride is sick of them blood The UN in camp that was clearly marked and when the shelling began UN personnel immediately set off layers and contacted Israeli authorities To let them know their mistakes. It didn't matter The barrage lasted 90 minutes When it was over more than 75 civilians more than half of them children had been killed And 400 injured Israel then called the shelling grave mistake but only then The world was outraged. What could his outrage when the deed is done When a service is nothing to prevent another identical outrage Israel knew what it was doing. This wasn't one stray missile. One misguided air strike A 15 minute artillery barrage that got its coordinates wrong This was a targeted assault on UN in camp that they went on for 90 minutes Calculated in barbaric the way the August 12, 1982 blind bombing of Beirut had been When Ronald Reagan tried for three hours to reach Minasum bigon to tell him of his outrage In demand of halt to the bombing the way indeed so many of the last two and a half weeks Bomings have been. And Sunday in Conor it happened again. And I'm attacked That the Israeli military said was aimed at destroying Hezbollah rocket launchers The Washington Post reports as if cribbing words from 1996 Israeli warplanes blasted a group of buildings in a southern Lebanese village Sunday Killing more than 50 people most of the women and children according to Lebanese officials An on-semen of use by Lebanese TV reporters. The Israelis accomplished their missile sermon in their shining US made US equipped And US paid for jet paid jet fighter jets as victory de la Vega put it on a Sunday The day of worship in Gentile Christian culture so much for casualties A rice is show shopping in the middle east of this very moment so much for the latest Bushbip blur sniffing of each other's rear ended peace plans so much for plans A south of fence just war surgical precision of claim that Israel's unlike Hezbollah It is in fact far worse than the ongoing campaign so much for Israel's apologies Which followed on two today but we've said all this before we've been saying it for almost three weeks or ten years It's the survivors of the first kind of massacre we're speaking or 24 which is the survivors of Operation peace and Galilee in 82 which took out 18,000 civilians in three months and rendered half of Midian homeless or 20 years If we go back to the 78 invasion or on and on and they still claim it's Israel That's the one being threatened with an isolation and they still claim that Israel's enemies It won't want peace Lebanon's prime minister responded to the latest conamazic mercy should no talks with rice until a call for a ceasefire is made The British American kennel show proving incapable to do even that much on Friday The Israelis will respond simply with craving we told you so as an American press will in the main follow suit And tomorrow or the day after we'll wake up to another day of worst day so far tallies of a carnage Neither Israel nor a Bush seems to get enough of In 1982 remember Ronald Reagan intervened himself at massacre written August The threat in Israel will end in their negotiations once that was done Israel quickly about its head and talked What we now have is a failure of communication planned and willed between Washington and Jerusalem While arm shipments from a few quite American factories rushed their way to the promised threat of the Holy Land commas style It was bread and wine and miraculously multiplied then its blood and guts that so generously flow Thanks to be the Bush Blair twins the old Martinized Ronald twins and of course that fifth wheel Correening hit the Rinyon like a dervish without voice condy rice Great and that great article I like it when they take shot the current doctor rice Yeah, which are nice pants suits all this crap about well, I don't want to become it back here in three months to six months No, of course not especially if like we could you know say a few hundred lives in between Some way it's not worth it their lives aren't worth that if they stop the insanity for three days It would be well worth it well. Well, so you got to do we side shopping for our pants suits bitch But nevertheless worse colon Paul all this anybody heard from him. Oh, he's not he's he still checking out that Violet was holding up at the wing, you know, it was pretty violent. I mean these neo-cons and there are their puns have gone away with the most the last five years The most unbelievable series of crap more death in destruction and the public is uh, you know That's why I worried that thing about the wolfless craig or hey, that should shit some real good insight as to the kind of warped Twisted the presentation you'll get from him for more peace in place. There you go How much a jackhammer. He would like to poison his rug a lot Dan K. Thomason Who is then he's formulated or these scripts Howard new service? He says Israel has screwed its last remaining ally But what does this have Since you're that fiddle maybe dead or may not he's dead drunk. Is that it? He's dead tire And can't do it Harris you might as well be holy come I'm gonna get to that article. Oh, I think I will Florida Republicans won't back Harris They said forget about us. We don't you haven't got a Chinaman stance in a hell We appreciate all those fixed votes back in the 2000 election in Florida But who are you kidding honey? Anyway Dan Thomason says with allies like this who needs enemies if the Israelis had deliberately set up to wonder Mind about the only friend they have left in the world. They couldn't have done a better job The tragic bombing of the women and children in Lebanon had here with the same impact on a White House hoping to turn voter Attention away from its failures in Iraq and nations growing loss of international respect with the crucial midterm elections only three months away President pushes running out of time though up his low overall approval ratings to a level most aimless believe you will need to prevent at least Some loss of controlling Congress those ratings have been stuck in the miserable 30s for a month Not third man if the democratic capture one house or both the president's policies would be in serious jeopardy Well, that seems unlikely if you weeks to a while that seemed unlikely if you weeks ago despite the continued losses in Iraq with little relief and sight The events that Lebanon have increased the possibilities for the opposition party Adding to voter dismay as the seeming inability of this administration or the European community for that matter to deal with the real Comparison in the peace the Iranians without Iran's undisguised backing the militant has below would not have had the worry about to accomplish its anti-Israel mission It is quite clear now that the Iranians are seeking to improve their influence in area that may now increasing the belief is the incubator for WW3 Concern about the potential for worldwide conflict raceness evident in recent voter polls and is helping to widen the split among Republicans over the president's policies My daughter were lost versus to me only moments after learning a volidist tragedy She said I know my voice to face this she said near tears A reaction not lessened by the fact that the children are more than a decade away from an age when they be called a military service The origin of the Iranian problem can be traced to the misguided policies of Jimmy Carter who would do you a support from the Shah of Iran and Help install the fanatic on Muslim regime that followed the Ia Tullah His favorite quickly resolved the ensuing embassy hostage crisis cross the nation of devastating loss of respect to the influence worldwide and Accurged continued tax on American interests Iranian back has blocked terrorist conducted a series of kidnappings of Americans in Lebanon that put pressure on President Reagan and Result in the Iran Conference scandal that threatened his administration There seems to be no easy solution certainly not without an agreement in the world community That it is in everyone's interest to convince to convince Iran of the pain that comes with being an outlaw nation Although this can be accomplished in the UN or wherever is anyone's guess Ironically the bombing of children may have horrified even the most callous to reassess their positions on the other hand Those muslim nations like Saudi Arabia who originally condemned his beloved rocket attacks in Israel can be As expected now accused the Israelis of overreaction So where does the Bush administration now stand does it maintain its stance not the condemn is really military response to the rocket attacks and kidnapped things while trying to negotiate a ceasefire Early a shaken Secretary of State Conrad pleases between Iraq and a sand dun cutting her piece mission short and returning home with her tail between her pants and slugs The next step may be for all of support for proposals to put you in force and said 11 on to prevent the attacks It should be obvious to everyone including the Israelis and efforts to knock out the rocket sites are not effective and the ground forces are the only way For Israel the Senate invasion force in 11 onward height in the potential for a regional conflict that could spread into what everyone hopes to avoid the third world conflict in less than 100 years Few presidents have confronted the kind of peril that Bush now faces the divisions in this country over Iraq and now the Israeli situation Our approaching those that so divided the nation during Vietnam It may be difficult to last these ready to stand on with the circumstances but the possibility of further killing of innocent children should force them to do so Americans expect more of their allies Well, look at this mister gives in your apologies not acceptance No poor male he can't catch a break Oh my god, what do you make 100 made enough that's that movie that twisted all the you know what the Pope said? What it is as it wise That was the Pope not not this Pope that was the previous Pope. Oh, that's right the Pope the Sava on the side Why oh, much another they sucked him around broke they slept them all around Rome and the Slav on the side It was really nice to be right those really neat shoes here So then of course this pope although they the new pope the crop pope He was really neat red slippers. I think he's not gonna die. I wonder when his red shoe diaries are coming out 118 three votes on the pool. What would be the last thing you're watching on TV and thank the Lord Fox news is winning with 200 and votes face new This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 We must go to the Early Is there a meet in a homo swiller come to order I call that the name holes because what I say go see and Your exhausted leader a homo's none other than I Mo say that homo's officially does not recognize is real when you mean it's right over there I'm very sorry, but I do not recognize but you've seen it before it's right there Oh, no, that I do not recognize Look at that My face Is a lady in the water No, man in the water Is that the last one I could see the You and the one that's lying Oh, you know I think it is that's the deco said expensive No, we got a month that I drop it in the month But that night You I'm going to get you out really good. Shut up! Go! Go! Get your eyes on the floor. I'm almost into a glass. You want to play a little glass? No wonder I have no problem. Take it over your head. No! Go to the side. This is real light. It's just... Oh! Come on to it. Five, sixty. WC, I am happy Tuesday. August one. Thank you. The next bad news man. No, it's great. Bad news. I mean, we got only about five or six weeks of the summer scan. I mean, the schedule going. Sean, who's one of our appolar experts. He's seen a few. Yeah. Sends this button at the meantime. Which is why I played that little clip. I don't even know if I ever played that before. Did I? The hummus? No, not that. Oh. This one. We must go to the door. Sure, you must add. Oh. Anyway, Sean says... Because I was asking the other day. And I was embarrassed with both of us. Right. We forgot where that line came from. Why did I? And then he goes in. Sean, of course, is being, you know, no. Doesn't mince his words, man. He may mince a little bit. But he just goes on with a whole paragraph here. Two paragraphs. I believe in America. That is a very beginning scene in the godfather. Remember that? That's right. Very dark scene. Oh, yeah. And he goes on about. He raises his daughter. And he merks in fashion. He gave her freedom. But as she fought a boy for an out of an Italian. She went to the movies with him. She stayed out of late. I didn't protest. Two months ago, they took her for a drive with another boy friend. And made her drink whiskey. And then tried to take advantage of she resisted. She kept her honor. So they beat her like an animal. When I went to the hospital, her nose was broken. Her jaw was shattered. Hell together by wire. She couldn't even weep because of the pain. But I whiffed. Why did I weep? See, there it is. There it is. She was the light of my life. Beautiful girl. Not shall never be beautiful again. I went to the police like a bit American. These two boys were brought to trial. The judge sentenced them to three years in prison to spend it as sentence. They went free that very day. I stood in the courtroom like a fool. And these two bastards, they smiled at me. Very good, John. I remember that. He's great. Yeah. Oh, I don't steal this one. I want to get all over that one. Which one? The top one there. Oh, I like the middle one. Okay. Good. Well, you would like to top them. Do that tomorrow. We must go to the police. See, how about Oprah? That's going on there. So, brother, I'm not going to tell you honest what the pole is. You can, yeah. That's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. Anyway, we can back to the important business. I've got a cable boat camp. We're coming up at 2 to 1 to noon. When's the ball game on for crying out loud? Were you sure luck that yesterday? Oh, yeah. We're going to waste and guys that are like getting paid to do a four hour show in a, you know, kind of show up. Thinking that they're going to do a four hour show in a surprise. Oh, yeah. Only two and a half. What are we going to do about that? Could it be a situation? Oh, we're just going to keep it on it. Maybe we should play a bunch of aliens stuff. You think so? Why not? Come on, I stuffed nice and low. Oh, I like this one. Yeah. Crete 36. This would take us to midnight. The way to hell it starts is anybody's guess. Oh, my favorite is. Oh, I think my very favorite is. So, I thought you would listen to my having your spark. They changed the name to Alien Heart. That's where the fuck's wrong. You talk about a gutter. Really made a whole career out of one song. I mean, he had other songs. He was a Tallahassee Lassie. I don't know. Right? Boom, boom, cannon, baby. That's right. He was no Arie, boom, boom, Ginsburg. Or that was Woo Woo. Woo Woo and boom, boom. This is the one you forgot. Hey there. Hey there. Saway down the other new Orleans. With a bunch of soy as per me. Okay, that's all I'm going to do. Hey, he's a pretty cannon. He was soon okay. But like I said, Palacades Park though. That was like awesome. It was alright. You don't like it? It's okay. Come on. Know what? I like this better than the original. Oh, what? Look at what I know. That's Bruce and no. No. And then a question. One Miguel, that's my favorite. That's my favorite. They're a Billy. Meach, with his attorney. There's only one reason you liked that. And that's because he says, Bye bye. It's the only the only reason. Oh, it's just funny. It is funny. Then there's always. Just sit right back until he returns to the period, Robert Eastard. Uh, see there you go. Beautiful. Hey kids, take my bite at hand. It's hole one dice for a fun feel. Time actually on the water, well. I'm just a bit on it. Okay, let's go. I'll stand up. Feel the young with getting tired of you. Okay. I love when he was in a backyard. It planes, it planes, it's going to take me back to Cuba. It's not, and of course, they totally twisted his words around. On those that plane, they leave me alone. I'm not going back there. That was when he was being held captive by Merist Wisi. Mitchell Platonic writes, let's say he's the director of education policy for Jewish Voice for Peace and a regular commenced for Ticoon magazine. So, pro-tisrael and pro-leavenon, he says. That's the heading and on tumping.com. Am I reading too much today? No, I'm not loving it. I'm right now these notes. What? I report you to the ADL. That's a good call of our title boom. See what he has to say about it. Hey, aren't taxahoyce, sweetheart. As Israel loses more soldiers and actions that increasingly resemble the catastrophic 19-year-to-invasion of Lebanon, the questions for Jews in Israel and America and the rest of the world become not just whether Israeli actions are morally justified, whether or not they are strategically sound, the answer to vote is no. Sadly, the actions of the West government are contributed to a destabilization of the region that can only harm Israel. It is vetoed to UN Security Resolutions, calling for a ceasefire and immediately negotiations. Secretary of State Condom pleases a rise was quoted as saying, she did not see what purpose a ceasefire would serve. Such comments leave the impression that halting the debt that innocence doesn't even factor into racist thinking. This diplomatic favor by the US has defined the Bush administration's strategy in the region quotes. The US completely supported Israel's action in closing off the Gaza Strip's Lansing and Iraq's says, shortly after a democratically elected Hamas government took power at the beginning of 2006. This devastated and already crippled economy in Gaza, and we can hear Hamas government had held a shaky tooth with Israel for more than a year, and was moving toward negotiations on implicitly recognizing Israel long at 67 borders. Meanwhile, ongoing scourmishes between his volon as real over Israel's continuing presence in the Shiba-Afarm's region, which Israel claims as Syria and territory while Lebanon claims that as its own, were simply ignored by the rest of the world. Instead of pushing for a solution to these problems, the Bush administration preferred to let them simmer. It boiled over when Palestinian groups and head of the law attacked Israeli army posts inside Israel, taking Israeli soldiers hostage. All sides rightly condemn his beloved for those attacks of the deadly rocket attacks on Israeli towns, but those rocket attacks only started after his real started bombing Lebanese civilians. Let me read that sentence again. This rocket attacks only started after his real started bombing Lebanese civilians. The Israeli government is responsible for escalating conflict, and it's so totaled this regard for its own citizens, let alone the Lebanese by doing so. That doesn't excuse his beloved law's actions, but Israel knew very well that it was opening the door to civilian casualties of its own when it hit Lebanon. Now, more than two weeks after Israel invaded Lebanon, and almost a month since Israel began to solve them against a strip, Israeli leaders have admitted that these operations have little to do with freedom their captive soldiers. Instead, we heard daily of the new Middle East, which this war will create. This was attempted before when an 82-israel attempted to install by force a government favorable to witness southern Lebanon. The results then, as now, roll in intensification of the old Middle East violence. Of course, these Israelis are pursuing his not only immoral, but the stuff that's feeding it makes perfect sense that Israel would want to see the Lebanese army replace his balance southern Lebanon, but the way to do that was to help strengthen the Lebanese government. It's obvious that Israel has every right and responsibility, even as an occupying power to stop rockets, however, ineffective for being launched from Gaza at their towns. But to accomplish this goal, Israel should love Gaza, the Fiendra built up its economy, and Israel should work with a legitimately elected Palestinian government to diplomacy and economic incentives to act to prevent such rocket attacks. The present situation marks a complete failure of diplomacy only because diplomacy was never attempted. Hamas, after one, controllably Palestinian legislative council, was unable to find a way to reconcile its charter with the need to negotiate with Israel. Despite the departure of Syrian forces from Lebanon, the Lebanese government had not been able to find a way to integrate his laws armed wing under one command of the Lebanese military, but both Hamas and Lebanon faced very difficult obstacles instead of recognizing those obstacles and trying to work with them, or critically elected governments. Israel and the U.S. shutdown on negotiations moves which played right into militants' hands by demonstrating we have food till the U.S. President negotiate with Israel. This was most acute when regarded as Palestinians. Despite well-publicized Israeli withdrawal of settlements and soldiers from inside Gaza last year, Israel has maintained total control of the strip. Palestinians routinely fired mostly in effect, while Israel routinely sheld and cause sonic booms over Gaza, causing many deaths and far more damage to people in property. Israel's devastation of the civilian infrastructure of Gaza and Lebanon far outstrips to the damage it's done to Hamas or Hezbollah. The large number of civilian casualties is greatly increased support for both groups. In fact, for all its military-might and tough talk, Israel is proving that it cannot in fact defeat these groups with force. Is there a singular Israeli who feels more secure today than they did for weeks ago? Clearly, the answer is no. The U.S. has recently refused to consider the real root cause of the current violence and the regional instability. The Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands. However, the current crisis plays out. There will only be more occupation. There will only be more violence if occupation doesn't end. If America is really concerned with Israeli interests, it will work to win that occupation. That will restore more energy to Israel and the global Jewish community and is the only way to secure the and hope for all these people of the region. I will speak to them. I'll make it for much more. I'm going to report you. Okay. The SS, okay. The SS. You're government. Oh. 1213 at 5. 16. WQQAM. We do calm down. Now you guys haven't some lunch today. There we are. We're having some totes. Tony's pizza. See how much it pizza before it didn't take long. I got to play that drop again. He was so good. You know. He didn't have a big role in the movie. But that opening scene where he says, we must go to the court. Yeah. Be my friend. Godfather. And he puts out his antich臭. His ring. He better. No, he or he. You can kiss his ass. Either one. 1214 at QM hurricane season. It's here we're right in the middle. We're smack dab in the middle. Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home. Hurricane, shut her out. Let us go to all you do to yourself hurricane panels. While with anybody in his right mind, let a bother with those big home improvement hurricane warehouses, when a hurricane shut her out, let us your complete source for hurricane protection. They have everything you need to get to job done and save you a lot of cash. They stock all sizes of clear, probably carbon hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are cut to your knees and ready for you to pick up or they'll live right to your home. Remember, the first thing you need to do is to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And if you want to keep your hands clean, you need to keep your hands clean. And cut junk! Of my skull is in my hand. This is size-spirling for the skull club for men. Sand, who is like thousands of men with missing skulls. Not only is it fatal, it can lure your confidence in self-esteem. I started losing my skull in my early 20s. I was sick and tired of being called Numsklaw and Half-Brain. So I called the skull club for men. With our non-surgical skull replacement system, we take pieces of skulls. To phone us because where we get them, and use a staple gun to replace the missing cranium. Now when I run my fingers through Tom's skull, I don't end up with chunks of brain. And it looks so natural! Thank you, Skull Club for men. So call Skull Club for men today. And remember, I'm not just the Skull Club residents. I'm also a member. Wait a second, let's my skull on the floor. I got it. Oh, I think I'm going to start the Skull Camp Club for men. When I pick you up, okay, that'll be something. Oh, no, tell me you're eating now in the middle of the show. Oh, keep you started. Fawms in here, we're eating, then you're eating. We got a lot of votes on that pull man. I can't believe it. The first of all, guess when you think everybody would be out of town, they are. Don't forget to mention, the Marlins of PP Park tonight. Any interest. Marlins are only seven games under. Actually, they were only five games under until they lost that double header. There was a delay. But they lost the board. I mean, how about your friend? That's not going to do it. Would you stop being so damn negative? My God, since you're out there, pay world, you turned on them like a cornered rat. I was never on their payroll, and I really wanted to. The worst thing I ever heard was when you said they've been boring as the worst type of our play broadcast during the history of the, of baseball, I couldn't believe you said that. You said he was coma inducing. He said it twice. Nine on it. Twelve hundred, twelve hundred, twelve hundred and thirteen votes on the pull. I can't believe it. Can you? I believe it. They've not a shocking development. When you say that, they'll be on a front page of the Sun's signal. Maybe Jim Sarnik can put that into column, for he's pending it now. And what was that? What was that line he used about? They were, I got that here. Dynamic duo. Devere as the dine of Neil and George and Josh Curtis are the dynamic three to this. That's what I'm a trio. Don't expect that coming up this next weekend. And also about the fact that Neil had an eight year mid day. And picked everybody's ass and the ticket had a 1.1. And the dude put his tail between his pants and his legs and the hal'd ass. And that's to Rose and Kran's birthday is gonna be doing that mid day by himself. At least temporarily until he leaves town goes back to New York, which he's dying to get out? Those are the kind of things that you ought to be put in there. there. And so this boog in the Zazlo are way the Ozedynamic duo my god. That sounds so gay. You know, done it? Little bit. Yeah. I can't wait to see a them in the bat cave together. That only knows what's going on down here. Okay, I think I can see boog. I mean, I know he lost a lot of weight. Yes. But I can see him slide down at Grease pool. Can you? Oh, I'm picturing it now. Oh, I bite away the second to see the audience. This is what we're talking about at the inside thing, which is good. We know and you don't. Well, Sean's pulls. We don't want to tell him ahead of time. Because then they'll start calling him with suggestion. Although they can't call in any way because I'm not taking any calls. Maybe you don't believe me, but I shut the monitor off. Right to the angle. I heard my lick. Why would I wait the waste the energy on there? I'm not taking any. All right. There you go. Yeah, right, right. No, you're not still getting those right. Oh, are you kidding me? Ha ha ha ha ha. No, I'm those questions. Who called Pac Robin? That's right. Right. We didn't know where the answer was. And it was Josh. Did he do it? Because I was just thinking about Robin's side now, McReest pool. The Batman, you know, the with the candlestick holder and the elevator. Norman Solomon writes, I'm plotting while I live it on burns. And you know, I'm many of these articles by the way, we're written before this weekend before the latest con of massacre. Because when's the July 26? So it's like a week you would tomorrow. A plotting while I live it on burns. Syndicate the communist Richard Cohen declared the Washington Post last two a day than the I for an eye would be a hopelessly wimpy policy for the Israeli government. That's a week ago today. Anyone who knows anything about the Middle East knows that proportionality is madness he wrote. For Israel a small country within reach is we're finding out of a missile launch from any enemies back yard. Proportionality is not only inefficable, it's suicide. The last thing in these is a war of attrition. It isn't good enough to take out this or that missile battery. It's necessary to be established deterrence. U-slap may I'll punch out your lights. Cohen likes to sit in front of computer and use phrases like punch out your lights as U-famisms for burning human flesh and bones with high tech weapons courtesy of the American taxpayers. In mid November 1990, when President Clinton canceled plans for air attacks on Iraq, after Saddam Hussein promised full cooperation with U-fam weapons inspectors, Cohen wrote, something is out of balance here. The Clinton administration waited too long to whack and needed a punch out of our slides and didn't do so. The reserve to U-famism tells us a lot. So does Cohen's track work at a sweeping statement some be half of his zeal for military actions funded by the U.S. Treasury? On February 6, 2003, the Washington Post published Richard Cohen's judgment the morning after coal and poll made his televised presentation of U-Famism security counsel. The evidence he presented to the U-Famism said of its circumstances, some of it absolutely won't show any hints to tail, had to prove to anyone that Iraq not only has an account of its weapons and mass destruction, but without it doubt still retains them, Cohen wrote, only a fool or possibly a Frenchman could conclude otherwise. Cohen's moral certainly is a unapar with his technical ones, while it condemns rockets fired into Israel, expresses pleasure about missiles fired by the Israeli government, that the deathless of it is far higher from Israel's weaponry doesn't appear to bother him. On the contrary, he seems glad about the killing street by the Israeli military, and a column with bigoted overtones, including the quote, Israelizes of often said, unfortunately located gentrifying a pretty bad neighborhood. Cohen's evenest to support additional large scale bombing by Israel as demetic, consider this passage. Hezbollah with the eight of Iran and Syria has shown that it is no longer necessary to send a these suicide bomber over the border. All that's needed is the requisite amount of thrust and a warhead. That thing in the case that's either stupid or mean for anyone to call for proportionality. The only way to ensure that babies don't die in their curved cruisers and old people in the streets is to make the Lebanese are the Palestinians understand that if they no matter how reluctantly host these rockets they'll pay a very, very steep price. Such phrasing is classic evasion by keyboard cheerleaders for war, the Lebanese, the Palestinians, they will pay a very, very steep price. Meanwhile in the real world, the vast majority of the victims of the Israeli onslaught are civilians being subjected to collective punishment. Cohen, like so many others in the American fundedocracy, depicts the death of an Israeli civilian as far more tragic and important than the death of an Arab civilian. There's something really sick about such righteous support for civilian death and destruction. Osama bin Laden, meet Richard Cohen, Richard, Edo, Sama. Nice going Norm, you go baby. Coming Solomon. That's how much. Yeah, I think his real name was Udlevich. That's right. His new book by the way is war made easy. How presidents and pundits keep spinning us to death. Let me get you a lot and get that. Now can we get off at his middle east stuff? All this killing and murder and bloodshed and mayhem, please. It's something lighthearted like that. Yeah, like Mel Gibson. No, I don't have anything lighthearted in here. Although that story about condolence and making the enemy fearless. That was from. Please, the condolence of that stockter-wise T. O'Neill, that's stockter-wise. She's a real, a well-educated piece of crap is what she is. A bubblehead. She's in so far over her head. She's drowning and a sea of gallal baby. She's drowning in it. And we'll watch and we'll get up there and talk about these are the birth pains of the fight for the democracy and the new Middle East. These are the ramblings of Neocon lunatics. That's all. That's what her speechwriters are writing. All these Neocon maniacs. The Richard Pearls and Paul Wolfowitz is in the Bill Pristels of the World. Neutics. Crazy people. And Dick Cheney, of course. Don't forget Dick. Group identifies new flaws in divulged e-voting machines. Can't we find a good machine, man? That seems to be the problem of the market. Nobody can find a good machine, man. And not just America. I'm having difficulty too. Yeah. Can't find a good machine. Although I had a winning morning yesterday. And Friday. Good. Yeah, well, not that good. I'm losing days. I lose my ass. I'm winning. We'll see now that the O's is going over a certain amount. I run out of there. There's race out. Like my machine, if you give me a thousand on the line yesterday morning, I took that ticket and I cashed a ran out of there like I was shot out of a cannon. Like I was one of the already murky. That was pretty boom boom cannon. One of those American bunker buster bombs, you know, that they sent. So, breathlessly last week. 26 by all these people who are dying. Yeah, all the innocent people are dying. They're dying because of politics. That's all. Right. So all you idealist stuff. There are all you fools. Well, you ostriches with your head's buried in the sand. That's what it's all about. Politics and business. Where's Howard Ville when we need him? You know, that's what we need. Everybody to turn on their network news tonight at 630 instead of the usual canker anchors on it. All of a sudden, here's Howard Ville. Wouldn't it be great to meet? That's right. Time is minus. All of those stations. Four Peter Finchman. Here are so good. That's it. What? 27 pass. No. And it's 5.60 WQM. Lomester fest is back every Friday through Sunday at the year. Most coast by far and away by a million miles. The best Chinese buffet anywhere in South Florida. They got three, uh, uh, Emerald Coast for you. They're in sunrise, temper pines and sunny hours beach. You'll find over a hundred different items on the menu. So take your time when you go in there. Make a day of it. Just take out. Start out with six different kinds of delicious soups. Then go for the juicy delicious New York steak. Really your order. Handcar Prime Rib. They got a sushi bar and all the traditional ages. A Asian dishes. What I say ages and ages. Asian dishes as well as a salad bar and up. See bar. There's so much food you won't know what to pick out on next at the Emerald Coast. And the dessert bars fabulous during the week, but on the weekend, even more fabulous. The 40 inch chocolate font will make your mouth water. As you hand it, your strawberry is marshmallows cheesecake. Stick all kinds of decadent things in there and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a feast at the Emerald Coast. And don't forget no headaches when you walk out of there because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch, no crat to cook all of good stuff. Only in healthy. To less to all three can know what oil. It's good for you. It's delicious and it'll fill you like crazy. You will bottle out of there like the beast. Bring a whole family with Emerald Coast. We'll soon call them for reservations 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.2.9.5.4.5.7.2.38.2. And don't forget every Friday through Sunday. Lots of defenses back at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16 she's a fan. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Good, that microphone was on. Oh really? Wow. That was closed. Good thing I didn't swear. Actually Mr President did. I did. What the heck did I say? I didn't do a variation like I had the word mother to it. Thanks for the know. What was I saying? Well, I believe you said the word I did. No. You got to be me. No, so I didn't say the scene where you did that. What would Heavens know you did, really? I never said con delisa. Catch you. You did Mr. Bush. Good one. Thought shit on a relaxed Tony here. Tell you what. How long these year, biscuits? They're really good. There's your leader. Stop. Stop. I don't want to print out those gruesome pictures. I lied. I said I wasn't going to read any more stories about that. Well, part. I keep finding a man. I keep finding him. Do you want Steve Watson on Info Wars where it's advocating massacre and inside of the Neocon mindset. I sent this along to you, Jack. I don't know. The pictures on a bottom. I don't know. I haven't seen it. No, I don't mean that. They're going to show up. No. We can put them up separately if you'd like. When you, there's a link to original story if you click on that. You'll go to that. I know that. Well, you don't want to see those because they're very disturbing. Oh, if I did. That's a problem. I don't worry. I'm not very, I think. And people's holding these little babies. It's a, I can't read this because this chopped it off. I would keep my head in the state. Thank you very much. Okay. Well, I'll put that aside. Read it on our website and take a look at the pictures and see if you don't want a few cure yourself. Anyway, getting back like I said, I'm getting off of that now. The open voting foundation, a California based nonprofit organization that works to promote the adoption of open source technology to the nation's voting machines has announced to this found what it called the worst ever security flaw found in the country. Diabold RS voting machines, mine. They're bad machines, mine. What is wrong with you people? The foundation claims to discover to switch inside the machine, which when flipped, can have the machine operate and they completely different manner compared to they tested and certified version of it. Diabold has made the testing and certification process practically irrelevant, so the foundation is present on Alan Dacer and a statement obtained by Ross Story. It doesn't get much rarer than that. If you have access to these machines and you want to rig an election, anything is possible with the Diabold T.S. And it could be done without leaving a trace. All you need is a screwdriver and the voters get screwed. Right. Well, what else do you do with a screwdriver? Well, I'm on a private. They get screwed. Technical specifications that it would be poor maybe read in the statement and the next year from which follows. And it's got a whole bunch of technical stuff in there. These findings underscore the need for open testing and certification. There is no way such a security vulnerability should be left. These systems should be recalled as what the article says. Absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. Sure. I mean, who knows who's votes are being counted or what kind of tellies they're coming up with? And again, you know, they're going to impress it back. But a bit like Al Gore, you know, in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004. But a beat, a boot, but a bunch of wins man, a bunch of whims. And here's how our dean run around the other day pandering just chroniatically about the Malachi as an anti-Semite and might have been better. But above, yeah. There you go. Just like the most important thing that I ever read in my life was that article about a pack by Erie Burman. What are you just making that up? Then, of course you find I just just before that the Wikipedia bio on both those creaks. Who was an apex spokesman? I just mentioned that in passing. So if anybody believes that you're going to get any real news from CNN and the other American network, you're dreaming and ain't going to happen. How do you get his proper gander? That's all. Bull crap. Speaking of bull crap, getting back to Katherine Harris. The state of the Republican Party bluntly tool represented Katherine Harris. That she could not win this false Senate election. And that's party camp would not support her campaign. A letter obtained Monday by the AP shows. Party chairman Carol Jean Jordan made a last-age attempt in the confidential May 7th letter. The force here is out of the race for the nomination. The challenge is democratic senator the very wishy-washy Bill Nelson. But the next day, Harris turned in paperwork to get her name on the September 5th. Republican primary ballot. The letter came as governor of jab bush was trying to get state-house speaker Alan Benz into the race. Benz den out of late and non-slayer that week. Ah, ah, not going to do it. Harris, of course, wrote to national prominence. He's told a secretary of state and chief of vote fixer during the bitter presidential election in 2000 that gave the White House to George W. He was elected the US House in 2002 as a reward for helping fix the votes. The Harris campaign returned no full message as he can come in on Monday. The letter was also signed by national committeewoman Sharon Day. A national committeeman Paul SEMFed. Tathrin though it causes as much anguish. We have determined that your campaign faces irreparable damage. Let us said we feel that we have no other choice but to revoke our support. In other words, it's a hope they are in Druid. The polls tell us that no matter how you run this race, you will not be successful in beating the nation. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But the state of public was not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. The state of public and state of public and state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. But that's not a good idea. The state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. And party confirmed that the state of public and party confirmed that the state of public had been made public. What do you think of the Jim DeFedee show 940? What does that mean? Is that the pricey person that it's a reboot? a lot about big one oh six is going to be doing the uh... dolphin games on fm well they just discovered it all says although big one oh six will pick up the radio call from an answer is jioros and jimi syphilis it gives a little credit with a and partner if you're fm doubt brace you can still check out the dolphins on seven ninety to take it course if there's still the one sports by that time if you'll find brews daddy don't start getting p.o. the jolizus not that money so they can get a one share you know that they didn't come close to crack in a two all day long and any day part yeah i didn't notice that they may be read their numbers huh the power that they may be read their numbers they held it in a time i shouldn't say they didn't close they had a one nine between five and seven in morning that's close they had a one five between seven and ten little dog jol they had a one one in the midday which everybody's bailing out of that and they had a one three between two and four that's that dynamic duo one point three and they have to do in dandelivacio did have a one point nine so they can close couldn't crack a two on your like that in any day part but they're making some big inroads in uh... uh... what did i tell you that you're gonna have to use a go you can't talk your way into ratings okay do you got them or you don't okay you guys don't you don't got them you don't got crap i don't think they have a sports on that's a problem yeah if they would just if we just had fifteen more sports to talk station just imagine all the people who bring the sports talk right but i take a month ago sports talk radio is dead in the door nil man it's dead in uh... what Jeffrey doubt is told that it in those little kids in kana money at football says uh... and his passes sign to del girly breathing money at football get it on your okay also story a little bit confused i should be the expert on this crap well money that football's on uh... and we see now right is it something i know cn cbs i believe no cbs yeah thanks a why did i ask you anyway no because i said a problem for the other day al michael's and uh... john madden together again in stereo and uh... madden was elbowing out of the way because it was food there but uh... uh... all this madden by the way so you're gonna like pond fall over on a broadcast code that would be great good and i need share easy is how are real said to the ninety share easy like uh... bill hold and said white that fn Disney right off the map remember that i bet you remember that scene because that was the beginning of the movie news saw that you were a steep yet right i do yeah terrorists of the month suicide yeah that was a great scene don't do it buddy don't do it you young guy you got your whole life ahead of you and it's such a great movie you didn't like it in well nothing's perfect you know listen i like the message yeah like that for the three for example i was i was like that i didn't have a problem right i mean well i did i mean if you didn't have any problem with it and you must have been the stone off your ass i think you compared to the first two and don't know i know i even buy itself for getting it to work even one and two uh... and it's a bit the fact that there was so much bad acting in so much bad dialogue in there and so many people attempts to uh... reprise lines from the other movies at times when i made no sense of the dialogue the script for that movie was written probably in about ten minutes on the paper and that can somewhere yeah but how about that document maybe the out of fear you remember that like it was like it was like it was doing a comedy routine with the other it's like they were making fun of the other two movies right exactly maybe they should feel you yeah be afraid honey no i'm like a little was an accident they have like uh... right i afraid it was death it was an accident did that and somebody got hurt seventeen to one man on my missing is flying along the thing we haven't even gotten to our calls yet when you're ready to make the move to a better night sleep through the smart thing like i've been doing for about a hundred years called dialometres one eight hundred mattress just at one easy calls all you got to do not a mattress is about clearance pricing on all existing inventory of cd posture pd's law supplies last cd is changing their entire line of posture pd mattress is you're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels so called one eight hundred mattress right now for the absolute best selection of salute a cd posture pd is perfect for students setting off the college too and dialometres serves all major campuses along the east coast dialometres are delivered in a tour window on the day that you pick out that's one of the reasons that they continue to be ranked number one over all customer satisfaction you pick the time and issue up on time they take away the crappy old mattress set up the new one you're going to love it so make the call to make a night at tossing and turning into a night of peaceful slumber for years to come on a great silly posture pd mattress called dialometres one eight hundred mattress be sure mentioned very sarners name when you call one eight hundred mhtt rs leave off the last as because it stands for sarners this is new Roger yes is five sixteen eight six the protein fact they heard over fire we got batteries we got bombers warning warning contractors and marters we got profits I guess prices are going up by six cents improvised explosive devices we were just does not test what it's all for caution of this is what I love this there's trouble from rock-match to fight with our piss so how shall we? money money money money money whether it is you yeah fire crazy or something they're more fun than we are um we got our we got voters you think people will vote for me to get us all two angry the notice every one outskill be dead and poor mattress wrong this praise all on baby all above the mice he's all the time twelve hundred and two votes or just a shy thirteen hundred and sighting one or talking we're gonna have over thirteen or seven hundred and six two he's in the room continuing one if you like a ceiling the rather the phases of don't drop that bomb now we have that big cross on cover building the oops oops we're sorry we're sorry sir or unlikely and and I know that but when these people are killed by his really bombs they're likely killed but they're justly killed and likely killed house instead of democratic leadership as well as ranking minority members from the national security committees have written the president bush the butcher washington to call for the phase we deployment of US forces by the end of this year far from implementing a comprehensive strategy for victories you promised months ago democrats write administration strategy appears to be one of trying to avoid defeat Iraqi political leaders must be informed they go on to say that American patience blood and treasure are not unlimited and it's got and rostory we didn't on our website scothololetter signed by Harry Reid digdurban stenhoyer uh oh a whole bunch of people Carl 11 ice-skalton red-skalton Joe Biden this time Tom Lantos with a big head of white here Jane Harman Mary Hartman Mary Hartman and a mundane you'll anyway with a one arm and a bunch of other people see the problem with the democrats is that they don't have anybody there's no one voice you know there's no leadership is a vacuum you know and of course television you know she's busy doing air-free single-time we see yeah you pick up or john carry left off while we all over the place or fake party anyway yeah and that's correct there is a real opposition party because right now they be screaming bloody murder but then the impact article should confirm you're really well while they terrified to tell it like it is about the butcher we're just going on over there in the middle east with the US made weapons and with the uh systems and encouragement and the planning of the ius say in the neocons this is the reshaping at the middle east they were all talking about working pretty well isn't it oh yeah yeah working like a charm like a lucky charm picked up you know land and they're shaping it into creators it's like that little dog you know with the one eye and the two legs chopped off lucky isn't it? the republicans are having a real problem with linguistics lately first of all is Tony snow and now its Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney Mitt Romney's apologized for referring to the troubled big big construction project as a tar baby during a fundraiser with iorber republicans saying he didn't know anyone would be offended by the term some consider a racial epiphate what is wrong with these people i guess they never saw the song of a south huh i thought everybody did in a speech Saturday Romney a republican considering running for president in 2008 oh he's got a big chance not acknowledge he took a big political risk and taking control of the project after a fatal tunnel ceiling collapse but said in action would have been even worse the best thing politically would be to stay as far away from that tar baby as i can he told a crowd of about hundreds of orders and aims iowa black leaders were outraged at the use of this term which dates to the nineteen century uncle remasteries referring to a dalmative tar that traps brayer rabbit it's come to be known as a way of describing a sticky mess and has been used as a derogatory term for a black person tar baby is a totally inappropriate phrase in the twenty-first century cittularie jones a black republican and civil rights activists how you like that this is the new thing with them he thinks he's presidential timber jones said but he's all he's shown us his arrogance run these spokesman Eric firms from said the governor was describing a sticky situation he was unaware that some people find the term objectionable and said he's sorry if everybody sorry i'm sorry i killed you kill all those innocent children i'm sorry i offended you i'm sorry open up a stupid white house spokesman Tony snow sparked similar criticism and may when he used the term in response to a question about government surveillanceெ and sorry Falloff CBD° Down in the room real little shit Still I'm going to start with the rules for the moment. I'm going to start with the rules for the moment. First of all, in theory, you'll be faster than these things in the moment. I would say this, how come it's hard out there for a Pimp is an offensive to a black Americans, and yet tar baby still is? What's wrong with the Pimp? Oh, I see. Pimp's a compliment, please vote. Okay. You pinned in my show? You know it. Daddy, oh. 292 votes. We're going to have 13 enter by the top of the yard. This is a shocking development on the front page of New York Times, the Washington Post. We believe it's hard out there for a Pimp, especially if he's driving a yellow civil. Naples, woman who didn't know what have I been telling you, people. I don't want to keep beating the dead horse, but I'm beating it anyway. Dead or an adornal. How is the barbro doing by the way? How's Ariel Sharon? Not good. He's of Sorris. Pretty tight out with Castro. Charles? No. Ha ha ha ha ha. Man, you watch people behave like a bunch of automaton's man, bunch of Sorris automatons. Oh, it's my people. I'm, I see, therefore, my people are from all the Zalakirbac. Right. First of all, the power brainwashing is just for not seeing. The remember when it was, I think it was like in the 70s and into the 80s. And the sagas from the 60s to the early 80s. The programming kids from Colts was a very big, I would say, I guess I'm going to talk about such crap. They've been to TV movies. The problem is that most of the world needs to be the program from the craft that they were brainwashed with from the time that they were old enough to like absorb any kind of information whatsoever to the present moment in their lives. Right. And this includes all this ethnocentric BS is going on the world right now. Whether it's the Cubans with Castro or the Jews with Israel or whatever. The Muslims with the Allah and all the BS with the cartoons. And it's just madness. Yes. Ethnocentric bullcraft. That's what runs the world. And of course, big business and that helps big business because whoever pandishes to that, they, you know, they get to big bucks. And like that movie said, war is big business. That's why we fight because it's, we're in the business of war when the business is killing because that's where the big bucks are. But why how about those record profits by ashon? I think the record was a second. I'm sorry. They only made 10 billion. That's right. And the second quarter. Don't exaggerate. We had an H.A.R.A. point and they made 10 billion. See the similarities there? Sure. Only this show doesn't cross anything to listen. And Ron. I mean, exa, there was a 14 in slip. Ask any laden. He's still dead. Yeah. I've been talking about these cruise ships every couple of days man. There's another horror story. And you people won't listen to me. What have I been telling you for years? Most people have a very, on by the way, I should probably tell you this next year. And it doesn't start to the 1st of the year. So you and I are going to have to work something out in December. So that may be I'll work on Christmas day and you work on New Year. Something like that. Okay. Because I'm not taking that usual December week. Because I'm my next calendar year for some strange reason is a post that's starting October one. It starts January one for the next two years. Right. And I have seven weeks vacation during each year. Wow. What does scale? Plus that's on top of the summer deal. Yeah. So just be planning to come up with a lot of good pools. Oh yeah. Just be nice to shine. Hey Sean. Naples woman of disappeared from a cruise ship sailing a lot of recourse of Italy is dead. But called tight was not suspected or half rather said. I wonder which half lower half. Detailed surrounded the death. It was a bit cake galliana 22 happened in revealed. But her family did not leverage how they knew she was dead. Obviously our entire family is devastated by the loss of Elizabeth or half rather than Brian Evans and a statement. While we're waiting to complete the investigation of the tragedy from what we know at this time, we do not believe Elizabeth's death was resolved of any foul play. Carol McCallick, a spokeswoman for the FBI's Tampa Orifice, said yesterday that a 10 and 30 saw the body in the water near Ponson. I learned off the attending coast between Roma and Neppoli. She said a 10 and 30 is returning to confirm her what was Galliana. She was in the water. She was floating. Galiana was in front of missing from World Caribbean International's Voyager The Seas last Tuesday. Michael She and a spokesman for the Miami-based cruise line said Galliana likely fell off the ship. Before questions on the search to the FBI in attendants authorities. Royal Caribbean is fully supporting the investigation of cruise line. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Galliana family. Galliana was last seen July 25 while the ship was on route to Naples. It was from the port of Syneveccia near Rome. Syneveccia. Syneveccia. How can that be? Syneveccia. So like the CH. She said the cigarette here. Salat. Near Rome. A quite a statement from Royal Caribbean. She was daughter of Frank Galliana, the owner of the Galliana automotive group. A dealership of locations in Fort Myers as well as Michigan and South Carolina. Now she's dead. She went on a cruise and now she's dead. We hit her all the time. Somebody went on a cruise with a few can there. Guts out of there. Dad or all of these horrible things. All of these things. But, Jens who you want to spend your valuable vacation for. You need to write in it. They might even give you a refund. Or you're like 5% off on the next trip. It'll give you a coupon for Wendy. Right. For 15 bucks. Prof. If the adic you and sometimes the things in your carpet said you cannot see or really the worst for you. And that's why you really ought to call our friends a dry concept because not only they make your carpets look fantastic. You just like brand new. They'll make a sanitary again because they're exclusive dry cleaning methods sucks out even the deepest dirt down here and dead. You can't see with an acre die. I've been using for over 21 years. You ought to be doing the same. And it's true when you dry clean your carpet with dry concepts. You really can clean today and entertain tonight. Your carpet's stay clean and long either along you with no sticky residue left behind. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you got a lot of happy company all over San Florida. And don't forget, dry concepts are also the express in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind during this long painful hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just a matter of minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home a business dry within 24 to 70 to hours of guarantee. And speaking of guarantees, they give you a guaranteed written price. Up front before they start doing the job. No add-ons, no repost, no bad surprises at the end. And the top of all off-road concepts got that state of the RRR and the ruckling plant. The only one in all South Florida on-site dedicated to keeping your expensive airbags looking brand new. So do yourself a humongous favor and call dry concepts to the tool free and date route of the farm beaches. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071-Ronowab. vsosenest. This is a new Roger, so don't throw it in this. This is 5.16. But heads, it's a one to two hour. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross, and we're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. And we're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. But here folks, magnificent out here. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take an picture of the Red Cross. We're going to take a picture of the Red Cross. We're not allowed to take places like that. I might say we're planning a picture of the Red Cross. We're going to catch October 0 1. and temporarily hands his power over his brother well. We know he's got to be dead, right? Oh yeah, dead, tired, dead, dead, dead, Sunday, he'll be dead. I'm telling he's dead, terrible, B.S. Karen Armstrong in a Guardian, right? So this is a really good article. You might be interested. I don't have to be audience for, but you will. Okay. Bush's finalist for Fundamentalism is Courting Disaster at Home and Abroad. She's author of What's Your Book Call? Oh, the Battle for God, a History of Fundamentalism. Okay. And that's what it's all about. The Battle for God. My God has better than your God. My head gear has better than yours. I'm going to have seven versions and I have an I'm going to have 20. Now I'm going to have 100. Karen Armstrong in a Guardian writes from the very beginning, the conflict between religion and modern science was couched in extreme even a puckalistic rhetoric. Thomas H. Huxley who popularized the origin of the species insisted that people had a choose between faith and science, there could be no compromise. One of the other would have to succumb after a struggle of unown duration. In response, conservative Christian lost a crusade against Darwinism. After the First World War, the Democratic politician, William Jennings, Brian, claimed that there was a direct link between evolutionary theory and German militarism, the notion that the only the strong Quitter should survive and laid the foundation for the bloodiest war in history. The same science and manufactured poison gases to suffocate soldiers is preaching that man has a brutal ancestry. The struggle continues nowhere more so than among the Christian right in the US who still regard the evolutionary hypothesis as surmounted by a murderous nimbus of evil. In 1925 they tried to ban the teaching revolution in public schools and develop creation science based on a literal reading of the First chapter of Genesis. More recently, they have tried to introduce into the school curriculum the teaching of intelligent design, ID, which claims that the irreducible complexity of microorganisms could not have evolved naturally but must be the result of a single creative act. The issue splits the nation down the middle. Fundamentalist want to win the battle for God, liberalism and liberals in secularists are fighting for truth and rationality. The same passion they are likely to be aroused by President Bush's decision last week to veto the stem cell research enhancement act which would have loosened the restrictions on federal funding for stem cell research. This bill would support the taking of innocent human life in the hope of finding medical benefits for others Bush said, it crosses a moral boundary that our decent society needs to respect. Can I just interrupt there one more time in the middle of my reading this article? Here is a maniac, a lunatic, a buffoon who's talking about the taking of innocent human life of nebulous human life and all these innocent Lebanese people who are being slaughtered by American-made weapons, he couldn't give a crap about that in fact, he couldn't get those damn bunker buster bombs over there, his real fast enough last week, but nevertheless. His opponents pointed out that while the President is elicely champions the rights of the unborn, he's less concerned about the part of existing American children. The US infant mortality rate is only the 42nd best in the world. The average baby has a better chance of surviving in Havana or Beijing. Infraordial rates are are separately high among those who can't afford adequate health care, especially in the African American community. And finally, if the same time as Bush decided to veto the stem cell bill, is really bombs were taken lives of hundreds of innocent Lebanese civilians, many of them children with a tacit approval of the US. I thought I just said that. Is there a connection between a religiously motivated mistrust of science, clearing social injustice and war in the middle east? Bush and his administration espoused many of the ideals of the Christian right-reline and support. American fundamentalist are convinced that the second coming of Christ is at hand, they've developed an end-time scenario of genocidal battles based on literal readings of revelation, that is absolutely central to their theology. Christ cannot return, however, unless in full film of a biblical prophecy, the Jews are in possession of the Holy Land. Before the end, the faithful will be raptured or snapped up and be honored to avoid the tribulation. Anti-Christ will massacre Jews who are not baptized, the Christ will defeat the mysterious enemy from the north and establishing millennium of peace. This grim fairy tale, I'm a good person, and you said grim, I'll tell you where to say fairy tale. Fairy tale, developed in the late 19th century, was part of a reaction to the social gospel of the more liberal Christians who believed that human beings were actually evolving toward perfection and could build a new Jerusalem here on earth by fighting social injustice. To find a medalist, however, believed that God was so angry with the faithful's world that he could save it only by initiating a devastating catastrophe. They would see the terrible battles of the First World War, which showed that science could be used to lethal effect in the new military technology as the beginning of the end. The fundamentalist rejection of science is deeply linked to their apocalyptic vision, even the relatively sober ID theorists said way easily into rapture speak. Great shakings and darkness are descending on planet Earth to the ID philosopher Paul Nelson, but they will be overshadowed by even more amazing displays of God's power and life. Ever the long-term strategist, why HVH is rising up in a mighty arm of cutting-edge Jewish end-time warriors? They all condemned the attempt to reform social deals when applied socially evolutionary theory leads straight to all the woes of modern life since the leading ID, Iologue, Philip Johnson. Homosexuality, state-backed healthcare, divorce, single-parenthood, socialism and abortion, all of this of course is highly agreeable to the version of the illustration, which is itself selectively a leery of science. It has, for example, persistently ignored scientists' warnings about global warming, why bothered to implement the Kyoto Treaty of the world is about to end? Indeed, some fundamentalist environmental damage is a positive bill, but because it will hasten the apocalypse. This nihilistic religiosity is based on a perversion of the texts. The first chapter of Genesis was never intended as a literal account of the origins of life. It is a myth, a timeless story about the sanctity of the world and everything in it. Revelation was not a detailed program for the end-time, it has written an apocalyptic genre that is quite a different dynamic. When they described the Jews' return to their homeland, the Hebrew prophets were predicting the end of the Babylonian exile in the 6th century BC, not the second coming of Christ. The prophets did preach the stern message of social justice, however, and like all the major world-faced Christianity, these charity and loving kindness as the cardinal virtues. fundamentalism nearly always distorts the tradition it is trying to defend. Whatever Bush's personal beliefs, the ideology of the Christian writers both familiar and congenial to him, the strange amalgam of ideas, can perhaps trollied on the behavior of a present who would have said, believes that God chose him, believed the world to rapture, who has little interest in social reform, and who select of concern for life issues, has now inspired him to be to importance scientific research. It explains his unconditional and uncritical support for Israel, his willingness to use Jewish end-time warriors to fulfill a vision of his own, arguably against Israel's best interest, and to see Syria and Iran who seem to be replacing Sodom as the enemy of the North as entirely responsible for the unfolding tragedy. fundamentalism does not want a humanly constructed peace, indeed many regard the UN is the abode of anti-Christ. The willingness of the West to turn to blind eye to the suffering of innocent people in Lebanon will certainly fuel the rage of extremists and lead to further acts of terror. We can only hope that it doesn't take us all the way to Armageddon. It would be a good crap, huh? Yeah. Pretty heavy duty. All your religious nuts out there, boomer, boomer, boomer, boomer, yamama. That's what I have to say to you here to kill them as man, literally and figuratively, to kill us. Come out of the dark ages, come out of the stone page. Well, there isn't candy out of you, get in Miami. There's a human flag. I don't see any American flags. I see a human flag. Well, they must see there's no back. I'm here to your pardon. That must be one of the people going to do it. We know something, okay, we're going to do that right now. Anybody that we five are going to send out a search party, we're sending a mail out there. He knows his Cubans. Anybody who's waving a Cuban flag, if Castro indeed dies, he was already dead. And we blow all that crap out of there, come on, he's coming. Everybody with a Cuban flag's got to go back. Okay. Now, this weekend, this weekend, before the end of the summer, maybe I can help. Start working on those hotels, the casinos over there. Right. Repeat. Oh, get some of my highman, raw sold buddies in. That's crazy. Now, speak out. Oh, I got to do the break because I was going to do a really good segue about Kansas. You know, I'm right, put it at this morning. That's right, they're back at it again. No, no, this is this is the other side now. Evolutions, backers, and Kansas, Māori counterattack. Oh, good. Now, good news. And then, of course, we all go from Kansas right to Mel Gibson, which I think is a really good segue. Right. Right. He's a crazy person, Mel Gibson. Always hated him. Even before I knew anything about his traditional Catholicism or his anti-Semitism or his daddy being the Holocaust, even before me that I couldn't stand him. There was just something about him that told me, woohoo, you know, there was a message every time I saw him. Be afraid to very afraid. Absolutely. I mean, absolutely. Probably the same after one. Go for a get. We got the bullmeister kind of no guilty today. By the way, let me congratulate Gildi who was on the majority of two to four during their last spring book. Let me, let me, let me make sure I get the right number. Okay. You are brutal. Congratulations. What? Are you in read the number? Yeah, read it. We, we, in fact, the hour by hour, the hour leaves. Here, this is even better. You, you inspired me to do it. Did you read the hour, the hour, hour numbers? I read it. 9 to 10 a.m. we inherited 2.8. Here we then go to an 8.1. We then, your turn at baby right around. 8.1. 8.8. It's really great. 7.7. We leave Gildi with a 7.5. Here are a minute to to a clock. Then it goes to a 2 to. Oh my god. It's not kind of a guy who is a 2 to and then it's 3 to 4 clock. A 1.6 share. Oh my goodness. I know who'd be pissed off at that. This is Neil Rod. And his name is Zola Big D. Thank you. Thanks, Hirox. Thanks, Hirox. Thanks, Hirox. Kill my sports segment. Here, go, Dan, come in. Oh, I ain't fallin' to work. It's no more. I'm out of the, uh. I'm all the green of this very day. And then, both for. I'm getting proud of everybody. Oh, wait. You have a good year. More print for. You take your golden job. I ain't personally a normal. Reck them. When I was a Christian, soldier of God, believe her, all these years. All that time, I've all of every word of the scriptures, written by You fairy. Get used to these powerful gods. And then all the women of my team weigh. Except in that 11, when he must have been gone, all the buss and all the day. Take your golden job and oh, I ain't fallin' to work. And then no more. You know that you're all right. If your windows were ever bought and else is gone. Down and down, I want people back. And the name of it is been so long. Take your golden job and oh, I ain't personally a normal. Take your golden job and oh, I ain't personally a normal. 18 at 5, 60, WQAM. It's Tuesday, August 1st, quite a day today. Last more dead people in the Middle East. We got Castro Mayor, may not be dead. All the rumors are all over town. Running around in Little Havana in Miami and in Highly and Sweetwater. Yep. Waving in flags of a communist country. I mean, 13, every 36 votes on a poll. I can't believe it. I'm just, we might have a shot of 1400. Ooh. Now, we didn't have an early start. I think I'll put this baby under about five years today afternoon. That's because you're full. It was so weak for me. I was Eric. Well, when he get, when I send him the new pool and he has it on there by the time, you know, five, six when I come in here and take a peek at it, I just, I just change it. Right. Then I don't have to be bothered to delay to run. And then of course, when I do come in later on, then I can send a hundred more stories to Josh. That's right. He loves them. He said, no, he's probably not too pleased with it too many lately. Way too many. Am I right? Yeah. I'm not saying it or you better not say it. Dancing. My job. Oh, look how many there were now there too many yesterday. And it was one that's only got like eight reads on it so far. And what which one is that? Senate Democrats, right, Bush and call. Yeah, see they don't care about that. We're drawn from work. We've only got almost 2600 dead American soldiers and a hundred of rackies dying every day. Why would they care about that? Maybe they've been up in the Democrats. I know I pretty much have. Yeah. Shocking all. They like that one too 18. I'll tell you who they really like. And that's more in doubt in Frank Rich. And rightfully so. And all what story they love the yesterday? I give up. Wild Durs to you know, as a saddest. Science is scientists, the spec's Bush has syphilis. They had that. Had a lot of reads. That was sure. Slain lot of things wouldn't it? Yeah, but I don't think he's got that as well. What are we ever going to get to see a truth about that abortion that he funded day? I'm like, chicken knocked up in Texas? Yeah. I think we'll probably be working emotionally. We need to get Larry Flynn on that again. I'd probably say, hey, Larry, how do you like it in that chair? You're going to look at even better in the box. They probably made Larry Flint not for you. Speaking of Larry Flint. Yeah. Kansas City Kansas. Flint. I once did. I never been to it. I'm never going to be there. I will never go to Kansas. I'm trying to think of I ever driven to Kansas. I never even driven to them. They've never been near it. God and Charles Darwin are not on the primary ballot in Kansas today. But today. But once again, it contentious schools election as religion and science and odds. And a state that has restaged a three quarter century battle over the teaching of evolution. Oh my God. Less than a year after a conservative Republican majority on the state board of education adopted rules for teaching science, containing one of the broadest challenges in the nation to Darwin's theory of evolution. Moderate Republicans and Democrats are mounting a fierce counterattack. They want to retake power and switch the standards back to what they call conventional science. Kansas election has been watched closely by both sides of the national debate over the teaching revolution. I mean, the scope's monkey trial was well, 1928. Okay. Google it. Do it at night. It has the Google it. And what was the name of the movie with the Spencer Tracy? I forgot. I thought about it. Yeah. Well, anyway. In the past several years, pitch battles have been made between scientific playout. The scope's monkey trial 25 that's 75 and 66 and 81 years ago. 81 years ago. And these trained monkeys man. They're trying to clock back almost 100 years into the stone age. What did I tell you back when Bush stole the first election man? These people want to take us back. Not 20 or 50 years. They want to take us back out of the stone age. And you dark folks, by the way, if you think you're going to be able to vote anymore, you're dreaming too many you guys won't end up with. And the past several years pitch and women forget about that. Only the Republican ones can vote. In the past several years, pitch battles have been waged between the scientific establishment and proponents of what is called intelligent design. Oh yeah. Which holds that nature alone cannot explain lies to ordinary complexity. No, it's got to be some other verbal mice. That's it. Last February, although if you didn't know Greg Reed, you'd really have you doubts about evolution. Last February, the Ohio Board of Education reverses 2002 man. They requiring 10th grade biology classes to critically analyze evolution. The action followed of federal judges ruling that teaching intelligent design and the public schools of dover Pennsylvania was unconstitutional. Unconstitutional. And if he for the conservative majority in Kansas today, it could be further evidence of the fading fortunes of the so-called intelligent design movement. While effectively we would preserve an important stronghold in Kansas, you better be all over that like stink on Greg Demarrow. I will be. Well, maybe I'll send the story a lot. I don't know. What is it? Now we're behind. Yeah, it's an hour behind. So I'll stay up real late. Even though I have an important day early in the morning, it would buy with a machine. But I'll stay up really to make sure I get that story over to Josh. We've gotten the result of this selection. So you think it's important to think our audience is going to be just glued to their season. They've cared a lot about Kansas. Yeah. The curriculum standards are done well. They never were. That's where Judy Garland was. And they were. And the Wizard of Oz? That is. Wasn't Dorothy going to Kansas in the movement. Not the book. On the yellow brick road. They well, the book. They, crowned a lot. They've probably banned the Kansas. It should be. The curriculum standards is not to buy the education board. They're not specifically mentioned until they're designed. But advocates and the belief lobbied for the changes. And students are urged to seek more adequate explanations of natural phenomena. Like the Geeks who live in Kansas. How is this possible that in the year 2006 there could be so many stone age morons running around. Though there is no reliable pulling dead. Joseph Aestrup, head of the political science of Kansas State University, said, sharp ideological sput's among Republicans. And then on usual community of interest among moderate Republicans in some Democrats were helping challengers in the primary. Kansas Democrats more over have a strong standard bear in the incumbent Governor Kathleen Sebelius, who is distanced herself from the debate. And if I consider the candidate makes it through the primary, there's a democratic challenger waiting in the general election professor Aestrup said. Several moderate Republican candidates have vowed if they lose today to support the democratic primary winners in November with the campaigned live in bio-credited field of 16 candidates for five seats. Four held by conservatives who voted for the new science standards last year. A shift of two seats could overturn this current six to four majority. This is the school board we're talking about. The four year terms are steggers of the only half the ten member board is up for election each two years. The acrimony in the school board races is not limited in differences over these science curriculum, but also over other ideologically charged issues like sex education. Okay, have that. Then they'll start doing it. Charter schools and education financing. Power on the board is shifted almost every election since 98 with the current conservative majority taking mode in 2004. Can we just agreed God invented Darwin as to where a Sue Gamble a moderate member board who see does not offer election. God invented Darwin. The chairman of the board, Dr. Steve Abrams a veterinarian and leader of the conservative majority said few of the opposition candidates were really moderates. They're liberals and Dr. Abrams who's not up for it. There is that nasty evil word again. They're liberals. You said that the new science curriculum is in no way opening the door to until the design of creationism that any claim to the country is in absolute falsehood. Absolutely. Absolutely. We have explicitly stated that the standards must be based on scientific evidence Dr. Abrams said was observable, measurable, testable, repeatable, unfalseifiable, shoveable. Inscient, he said everything is supposedly tentative except the teaching of evolution is dogma. Harry McDonald retired biology teacher in self-iscribed moderate Republican who's been going door to door for votes in his district near Ola. Whatever that is. Said the board might have kept over religious references out of the standards. But me thinks they do not protest too much. He said they say science can answer this therefore God, Mr. McDonald will say. Connie Morris, a conservative Republican running for the election said the board at Murley authorized scientifically valid criticism of evolution. Ms. Morris, a retired teacher in author states he didn't believe in evolution. It's a nice bedtime story. She said science doesn't back it up. Dr. Abrams said his views as someone who believes that God created the university of the university of the year. He had nothing to do with the science standards adopted. Oh my goodness. God created the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university. You can't let a new car smell. Can't you let it smell? Oh that's a state of those burning babies in Lebanon. Oh that's a beautiful Roger. This is by 162 days. Oh! You brought my house up there for me. The sun is hot. Skin is this dream. It's the war on the time of history. If you got aside, you'll surely die. Riding in a global warming band. It's the hot. As a lovely day, I just grew up in a big city. Oh, let's get it. Right on my way. Riding in a global warming band. In the winter, you can build a flush band. And pretend it is our door. No one listen to it because nothing's meant. And now they're just nothing's in the cold. Temperature is going higher. And my hair caught on fire. If the planet is doomed, we'll move to the moon. Sri, we cannot go for warming bands. That's what you want. There is no global warming. And of course there are always really earthquakes because they were going to stop. They promised to stop for 40 hours. They stopped? No. Oh, well they lied. They changed their mind. Like, we're going to stop for 48 hours except when and they're, we see what they're like doing. And so when a bomb is around, they may be coming to a apartment building nearby you. While our ground troops are going out, tearing away. 18 years there didn't teach you many lessons I guess. I like I said this, all my guys are crazy person. And speaking of crazy people, a blitz, mel Gibson. What do you see? You know, we're going to have a whole lot more mel Gibson because, you know, we have virulent anti-Semitism all over the world. And Israel's doing a fabulous job of creating lots more. Even the people who were basically fairly friendly with them, they lesbianies. Even the lesbianies Christians who were like very friendly with them. Now they, they're commenting to see on the news all week long. They're saying it's a bit weird. Yes, I did. It's just like George Bush is the greatest recruiter for Al Qaeda. All, whatever his name is, he's the greatest recruiter for his belong Hamas. All-Murt. For almost dead. Thank you. He used to play for the leaves in the Canadians. And Blitz Mel Gibson launched into where I've sent any lace tirade. When are you going to do talk about this yesterday? I made a comment or two. Passing reference? Yes. That he's a crazy person. So yeah. He's going to head an hour. Once the volume on already. Oh, Christ, it's not so tonight. He was busing on suspicion of drug and driving this week, and threatening an officer in making antasmiddic and sexually abusive remarks, according to a police report. The passion of the Christ director repeatedly said, My life is Eft. I could, well, you can only hope so. According to the report by the LA County Deputy James Me. That's with two ease. What if he's akin to many me? I think. It's possible. What's he's obtained by TMZ.com. They celebrity news website posted excerpts of the handwritten report. Gibson 50 was pulled over for speeding a 310 a morning on the Pacific coast highway, Malibu, California, cough said, The Oscar winning waveharts started director was driving 80 when he was snared by radar trap in an area that of the speed limit of 40 crowd of 55 who's go needy. Gibson failed both alcohol breath and fuel sobriety test deputy said, his blood alcohol level was 0.12, legal limit in California's 0.08. According to the incident report obtained by TMZ.com, the road warrior embarked on a belligerent anti-Semitic helpers when he realized he'd been busted. Effing Jews, the Jews have been responsible for all the worship of world means report course and a saying, are you a Jew? Gibson asked an deputy court to report? Would you think about that? Yeah, I think you're also be rated to deputy threatening. You mother Efer, I'm going to eff you. Wow, you're going to be as report. I don't know he was in that. There it was. The actor also told the copy owns Malibu and was spent all of his money to get even with me. He said in his report, TMZ quoted a law enforcement source of saying Gibson orders to female surgeon on the scene and he ordered her, what do you think you're looking at? Sugar boobs. It was a similar thing. Sugar boobs. You have to say boobs. You said, tea. You know what you do with those. Put them on your put milk on. Yeah, just look at them. And having a purpose. Okay, good with cereal. Deputy meet them wrote an 8 page report detailing of the incident, but higher officer in the sheriff department, he told him was too inflammatory to release and would merely serve to inside Jewish hatred TMZ. Sit. Oh, not from Malibu. Reach for comment on TMZ's report. Deputy Morrison, the department would need to deny or confirm its content. He could offer no explanation for why Mee's report was without from report. And of course, Malibu Gibson, number one, he issued that apology that careful upon he's sorry and then he went into rehab. I got a copy that if you were. Of what? The apology. No. Okay. Earlier, when asked about the arrest as assistant, email statement, that's this time we don't have any information on this matter or checking into it. And if I'm Catholic, you know, that's not correct. He's a, what are they called? Opus D. They, they, what is there another name they use for it? Provisual is the, or is he a student there? A crazy ass, a student to Catholic. Gifts has been dug by allegations of any synthesis and which he has said, frankly, since his 2004 from the passage of the Christ about the Christ of ex-Negesis came out. What's known as the Hollywood bad boy, the Aussie race Gibson was known to down five beers before breakfast at his partying peak. But Gibson is setting up a freaking in the 80s at the urge of Tina Turner, his co-star and mad Max beyond Thunderdrome. What's that with she, no, about. Strunks. Gibson was previously busted for grabbing out of the influence in 84 in that case he ran a red light and struck another car in Toronto. Well, filming Mrs. Softelva, the dining key, the cleaning company was fine to it in 40 bucks. It doesn't say whether was US or Canadian a, after yesterday's bus Gibson was booked at the Laws Till Sheriff station in 406 AM, the father of seven, spent a few hours in the lockup before we released on $5,000 bail in 1945 in a morning. The sheriff's department is previously released, mug shots of other stars arrested for drug and grabbing including actress Kim Delaney in 2002, but Gibson's booking photo was not available. Sheriff Lee Baca, personally, or Gibson's mug kept under wraps at a pity called the Daily News. The California Highway Patrol, which is busted stars including Nick Norton and former growing pains, cutie Tracy Gold for DUI, routinely released as stars mug shots no matter how I'm flattering, but in this case, no. Well, your validators said there is a no excuse for making those kind of comments. But, say, here's another piece of that statement. I'm in the process of understanding where those vicious words came from during that drunk and display. And I'm asking the Jewish community whom I have personally offended to help me on my journey through recovery again. Hey, now Casal Hoys, baby. A few years. We already got rampant and these semitism all over the world before they started killing other people in Lebanon. And now we got that on top of it. This is because we're bringing grief and service to other Jews all around the rest of the world who are in the baby killing business. And now this little thing starts opening a big stupid mouth. By the way, do you know that the Jews kill Jesus? Yeah, that's the Bible said. And Casal's dead. 1369. I'm not going to make it or not to 1400. That would be a real feather in our camp though. What do you think? I mean, you know, that's not a number we would ever pick as a goal for the show. We'll usually go for a thousand. Right. Well, and also, what do we got on my space? I think we got like 457 something like that. On my space. We have trends. Pals. We got that Corvette on there. I don't know. I don't like that much. 457 friends. That's not bad, I guess. I like the Godfather theme better. I like that much better. All right. The Vets is just, I don't know. It's not a good background period for getting about what it was on. I just don't like it. What was wrong with it before? Doesn't just make a felt at you. Got an itchy. He felt one. 18. I got an wrist. I don't care how many Corvette he puts on or he and drive in mind. Especially now. What our wife and was two kids. I'm a man's a very attractive wife. Yes, he does. 1371 votes on a pool. What would be the last thing to watch on TV? Oh, we need to make that 1400 real bad. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. 115. It Boston was awarded 50, with USD didn't pay 1,000. It77. This Officially wrote, the statistic at the High concentration in the Farmers Munich. master man 13 every 94 votes 13 95 all my and a plus tax it'll do it all we got the 14 hundred lick easy 13 96 they're put in by the ones now we got 14 or votes during the show today you know now we had a good head start but even so other things to pull it to turn well I keep trying to tell you how to do that get yourself you know what I want to pull it out here with me gets with 1000 if you didn't get 100 just to fake your way through with that's it let's see this is a milgiftens father holocaust is a really older article but but this is worth going back and revisiting in fact I even printed one out i'm not gonna read it from uh two years ago mars 11 2004 from the nation can't have polyporticals of milgiftens is all phallies that sorted nuts yeah well it's not like a sorted nuts most people are probably aware right now says that milgiftens father hutton gives is an anti-semit in holocaust in iron but just in case there were people who had questions or doubts he has done us all a favor by giving an interview with a new europe radio talk show host the fewer stine which he makes his position clear australia's the age news paper reports and as interview on wsn r's radio speaker peace hutton gives an argue that many european jews counted as death can't victims of the Nazi regime had in fact fled the country's lock-out stride and the u.s. it's all maybe not all fiction but most of it is he said adding that the gas chambers in crematory at campsite outshirts would not have been capable of exterminating so many people do you know what it takes to get rid of a dead body cremated cremated takes a leader of petrol in twenty minutes now six million of them the Germans didn't have the gas to do it that's why they lost the war during his lengthy radio interview were hutton gives an 85 said jews were out to create one world religion and one world government and outlined a conspiracy theory involving jewish fancours the u.s. that will reserve and evadek it among others they don't come more jewish than the Vatican thereafter one world religion and one world government hutton gives instead to make you an review that will err uh this is from the europe post that's why they've attacked the catharture show strongly to ultimately take control over by their doctrine they claimed that there were six point two million in Poland before the war they claimed that after the war there were two hundred thousand therefore he must have killed six million then he said they simply got up and left they were all over the bronx and broken and Sydney austrate in Los Angeles he said the Germans didn't have enough gas to cremates six million people and that the concentration camps were just work camps although there must have been work corpses that they found after the war right gifts and repeatedly smear prominence uses money grubbing power mongers green span tells us what to do so much you take them out in hang of me said he's even even be little the poops reported endorsement of the passion we carry how melre referred to the panaf is an ass haha haha oh yeah gifts and reserve most of his material for jewish am asking is the jews to life of a anti christian he is for by being a jewish anti everybody else in any of you of his own with pegi noon and melgipson as reported as having said that my dad taught me my faith and I believe what he taught me the man never lied to me in his life i wonder if hutton gives him his repeat of the above statements to his son mel and therefore if now believes him he certainly is never so public with that his father is mistaken about the holocaust and the jews i can understand a man not wanting to publicly say that his father is well or jerk but these statements are rather extreme and do merit a response and we're still waiting mel for that response the great notes don't fall far from the cereal box let me tell you that right now 1403 I'd be like that excellent and the case you missed is earlier the abc television never gets pulled the miniseries about the holocaust it was developing uh... about the holocaust i was even aware of that yeah i thought you know all what what better expert to do a miniseries about the holocaust somebody who along with his father denies that it ever happened i understood he had a passion for it a passion for dead use the abc team and ever has told many series about the holocaust it was developing with mel Gibson production company the wall to draw a wall to read a street journal reports today quoting an unidentified representative for the network the actor holds strong conservative Catholic religious and political views and his father is a holocaust and i are apologized over the weekend the incident is raised questions about the future of projects that gives him and his icon productions company are working on like the abc television miniseries based on a memoir about a dutch jude during ww two for he sure obsessed with josey partly and abc representative told the paper without elaborating it's been two years and never still hasn't seen a script so the product is being pulled a spokesman for abc which is owned by the business could be reached for comment business movie studio arm still plans to release gives himself an answer my and language will be apocalyptic December 8th is that manion holocaust paper is reported the website slate dot com quoted business studio prison or an avivis saying he accepted give us his apology well rest of us don't album and dreary okay speaking of religious good religionists i love this story from friday to talk about this priest or choice in bridge for Connecticut no not a spent a few bucks that weren't his oh a priest to resign from a church in an affluent Connecticut community misped up to one point four million dollars in person donations to leave a life of luxury with another man according to a church direct investigation how do you like that you're far the river in michael jude fay rimes with gay spent church money on limousines stated topo tells uh jewelry attending clothing for the condominium shared with the other man auditors hired by the i c's found about half the money he spent was kept in the secret bank account for the report which was male friday to seventeen hundred personers of the gary and church and obtained the vance by the a and p that's Connecticut bridge port bishop wouldiam lori who ordered the investigation by the lord uh financial advisory services city was shocked at anger by the findings the report also was sent to federal authorities the amount of money that was misused is tremendous lori said i think this report other things we found shows a real betrayal of trust and abuse of power message is seeking comment were left friday with phased attorney james wade fae rimes with a gay 55 hasn't commented since he was in and may from seen john romicathlete church and i am in accusations by pride and vestigated the hidden mispend church for only one point for a million he's got a support his boyfriend right right for Christ say i'm sorry i'll play expensive boyford right that's in great for Connecticut so all you people are keep bringing your money and putting it into play to support all this factory you just keep it going baby they love it they love you like crazy don't they yeah they love your children to right oh yeah a lot of you when they come in handy 147 votes on a poll my goodness this is this is a shocking development you know it's almost not to make me want to come back through to although we don't have a ball game on thursday until like nighttime i think i can handle it because then then i'm off on vacation what if what if game when you're working these tough schedule what you've got to take a lot of a kids and let me say it again starting in january i don't know if the powers that be remember this but seven weeks next year not just six plus the summer schedule plus uh you know all major holidays and the jewish holidays do now we have to show some solidarity that's right not not with this real which is what people would take off on jewish holidays even the go all president boyty pricks Bethesda naval hospital i guess they just asked the uh his yearly check up the lobotomy and they said they couldn't find anything try and for the do i have time for this it's short okay i'm i guess i got how is that brave not even two minutes is it all plenty of time in a mini fl star tribune brion phobody rights he's a sociology professor to college is saying cancer is insane pulmonic soda and author of war peace and social order what we can learn from funny's germany imagine the situation your country said a military sit back in war that was supposed to be over after a few months of shock and awe because of that war is lost in goodwill and prestige you're much of the international community the national that is growing a staggering size since it's been completely about the government especially legislative branch for being a bunch of do nothing's working solely for them cells are for special interest groups in fact a political scene is pretty much lost in center moderates are attacked by all sizes the political discourse becomes a clamour of increasingly extreme positions it seems there are election campaigns laying on all the time and they're increasingly vicious the politicians just want to argue about moral issues sexuality decadent art the crumbling family and like while pragmatic matters the government seem neglected sound familiar that's a side with germany of the twenties the elfated vimar republic but it also describes more and more than political climate in america today germans were worried about the future of their country they suffer from all sorts of terror as assassinations cool attempts in crime folder society apart the left lane the right the right lane the left and the political center simply dried up to get themselves out of the mess germans might have demanded government that carefully meant defenses with its allies and enemies one that you viciously hammered up compromise among various political parties and self-imitable path but we know that didn't happen and germany of the twenties is now in the 21st century america appeals to reason and prudence were no way to give votes in times of crisis much more effective appeals to the anger and fear of the german people a politician could attract more votes by criticizing the government that by praising it and a vicious negative campaign was usually more affected than a clean one and i don't have time to read this whole article because we have to do the break well it's on our website though sure we'd last paragraph okay you said we americans have had our flights from democracy the insherment of japanese americans is www2 the red skewer the McCarthy era watergate but we've always pulled back from the break and returned the time is coming for us to pull back from the break again this must happen before the government gets so strong that can completely demonize opposition the incomplete control of the media and develop dossiers on all its citizens by then it'll be too late and will have ourselves to blame as a sunshine all of our esteem a Cuban days some terrorists are there to stay any downing good notes and also some of our friends because if there's one thing that makes him add it to the roads on its bodies that don't even know abugar right but don't you know where to have it on ignore the Geneva of the nation when we shift the dogs on them you should see their things right though they have to let's time these could notrus serve and pay excuse let me reresu Cause it is wrong Bye-bye-bye!