Excellent. Ah, the doors. Let's have some pregame conversations started about 10.45 sounds good. Oh, good. Good job, Henry. The guide for the whole day. Yeah. My name is Sana Hala-Hazan. How about that, Donnie Colpeper? Like to hear Vince Scully. The next great thing, we have another press conference here. To announce something that everybody already knew I love those. What's this a good? What's today's press conference? Another one yesterday, two a class. Oh, that one. I'm going to announce something people already all knew. They didn't have the guy there. Really? Well, he's busy with Hakan at jewelry, so he can give them a little kid in his family. Nah, he wasn't busy doing anything. They just have a policy. Maybe he was talking to Cheney. Yeah. I sure were talking. He knew it was showed up this morning about 9.35. Oh, yeah. That could change my life. What am I talking about? No. I'm trying to think of where to have like first. I guess there was a story in a son's centre about it. And I did a little personal research. And then I ordered it from Amazon.com. There's a big supermarket in New York that pedals this stuff. I took only a couple days to get here. And it's like, you're like, that a Cheney, but they have almost no carbs and no calories. Wow. And you rinse them off. And then you parboil them a couple of minutes. You can put like your sauce and your meatballs and sausages. And it's like, uh, putting a meatball. You put a sausage and a little wall. You want to see him, though. Yeah, that's right. Where, uh, what is it called? Sure, a turkey. I don't know if I say that. A turkey noodles. Be careful, Joyce May. And probably says that they may carry him because there's a big demand for these things. And they come in little packages. Each package is eight ounces. It looks like enough for one meal for a fat slob like us. Yeah. And, uh, boy, if it's as good as there was a listener called and they got it a couple days ago. We called it yesterday. And he said it was good. Wow. You know, you read the reviews online. Some people loved it and some people hated it. No, whatever. Well, I'll find out myself tonight after after another very profitable trip to you know where. So what would they yesterday, man? Me too. I am on fire. I sat down to the machine after I started out not to good. And then I just just by luck, you know, it's all luck. I'm like yours, which of course is a brain work, but with me it's all luck. And I sat down at the open machine up front and put in a little bit. And there was fam 3000 on the line. And I went back to, yeah, like that. I'm just, you know, when you're on a streak. Yeah, play with confidence too. That's probably. And I didn't even leave. I didn't even leave. I was, you know, ordinarily I hit that and I would leave. And I went to another machine and I did pretty good there too. So I had a nice took a nice haul out of there. Yes, it's two days in a row, which when you play this lot, that's very unusual. Oh, I see even Jeff Bush more and more that when you told me yesterday, they're going to make damn sure that justing fails, you know. I mean, the people have voted, okay, the people of the state voted to let the people and they'd be rowered vote and the people in Howard voted. Yeah. That way, have a stone walled and dragged and stalled a thing along. But now not only no ATMs, but they can't serve any. And they can't give any freebies or get no free drinks, no free sodas, no not like that. And everything in their power to a discourage it from, to make sure it fails. What a joke. And by the way, when you vote for something, isn't it supposed to become a law? Yeah. Oh, if you're dealing with a bush family, there's no such thing as law. What's the point of voting in Florida? You never get a reason in it. It doesn't matter how many times you vote. Whatever the dictated decides it's going to be. That's what it winds up being. They either change your vote or they vote. And also no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no and it took his nine billion dollars in my life, but it has got to written his video exactly. So we didn't have to play the taxes. Yep. And he writes a piece about the evils of gambling. Here's a guy. And here's a guy who's taking away the minute. Wait a minute. That's the same thing as what the Indians did when this thing was on a ballot that he were going to a family. Don't you remember the answer? We're running on TV. Oh, gambling is going to destroy the moral fabric of self-floor in our reputation as a tourist, Mecca and families will want to cut. And the meantime, they got the same crap going on and they want the whole package, man. They want the crap. And there's a blackjack. They want the whole full casino deal, class three. Now, he didn't want it in his community. Our community eventually left and moved his real right. Now, he only wanted on his ship so that people go out there and, you know, yeah, money. Right. Or in the Bahamas where he owned the casino. Well, if it was any real political leadership, as you know, there's not, but if there wasn't, even people were screaming bloody murder. But basically, the Bush people, they do whatever it they want. And then somebody like, you know, the rest of the angle comes along on the national level. Oh, gee, he's out of his mind and they're all running away from him like he's got, just like, did it with Howard Dean? You know, somebody opens about and tells the truth and everybody runs away. Yeah, he's crazy. Yeah, it's right. Must be nuts to tell the truth. Even though Howard knows how so much truth. Oh, I remember that name to tell the truth. He played Superman up. Yeah, it did. It did. Barely. He committed suicide, I believe. A lot of game show hosts came out of him. He couldn't really fly. Yeah, that was it. So George Reeves allegedly committed suicide Superman. I guess it's not a good idea to play Superman. And that Chris Reeves, but put it after to him. Not a good role to play in Marlin Brando. And he played, they... Hey, look, it would happen to Fredo when he talked about how he went to see Superman at the time. That's a good point. Yeah. He went fishing. He said the two hell Mary's two few was the problem. I could have said two more. Two more. He'd been all right. You know, I was, uh, unlinked Kyle one time on the North Shore. What a beautiful place. And I was out there. I was with a couple of guys who went to high school. We got together out there. And they had a boat. And we took the boat out. And we went right past the compound. We're Fredo was done in. Really? And my friend threw a fishing line over the side. I thought of doing hell Mary's. I'm smart. Yeah, he went some respect. It's all for Fredo. Yeah. I figured Fredo was seeing his when he's sitting on the curb rocking his head back and forth and his head again after they shot pop. Yeah. The dime. Poor Fredo. And you know, see was fumbling with a gun like, kind of like fidgety. They knew they knew we couldn't handle family business. That's a lot of them. Oh, look. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I worry. Let me worry about. Yeah. He had that, uh, like a wild animal. Look where the teeth, you know, over the front over the, uh, the, uh, lips, the teeth. Bob, you can, you can analyze that movie. May if you just sit down for, for months and never even scratched his surface. It's just incredible. It's great when you see that compound from the water. Yeah. And it's just what, you know, I mean, that's where they filmed it. Yeah. Hail Mary, holy mother of God. I guess the Catholic church wasn't too crazy about that movie either, yeah. They did everything in their power to keep it from being released. To mean number three. No, all of them. No, even the first one. In fact, I remember Joe Dodge, Yola going on here on the day show way 100 years ago when the first one came out and he had the guy from the Catholic league and they were both lamenting all my gosh, this is so anti-Catholic. Oh, it was anti-Chan. Yeah, right. Or, you know, much remember when he was, he was coming, got by the Connie's baby. Yeah, it was that he was taking family business. Oh, yeah. Family business. Remember. Yeah, from her all. You can outstate Michael. I do. I do. And then I think, you know, like that. Church is very happy to take care of you. Just like the thing with Goddard Junior, go to services. And of course, that slime ball Curtis Sleever was all up at arms and screaming about that the other day. Well, too bad. The Catholic Church is always welcome. If you see what open arms and legs because they got the big bucks, why don't not? It's good business. Meanwhile, Goddard, you mother on jury. Yeah, we'd like to say that. No, another, uh, sorry. In fact, even when he thought Melosovich was hung the other day, I was afraid to talk about that and come to find out they poisoned his ass. Oh, or whatever that was. Who cares? He's dead. That's a good news, you know. Why do we have to have all these analizations? This is celebrated. By the way, how is, uh, what's his name? Mary else you're all in doing? Don't hear much about it. I don't think we don't hear anything about it. We go through these long blackouts of, uh, and nobody says anything. They said he was, uh, the self was coming back there for all. It was gagging on too many of those stale home entouching the last couple of days before and another man. I guarantee it. They weren't feeding him those little bricks. By the way, David Alversdam came through again. Now, I heard, but he may still send him to wrong ones, man. Those are not for real Jews. Those are for goyum. Those little triangles. Man, get the real soft ones. The big, poppy seed ones. Yeah, you know, anything. Those are the real ones. Which is a great use. Oh, yeah, I do love that. You can't be drinking grape juice. Great. It's just good for you. Having heard of those some words. I have benefits. It's like, oh, my God. Jesus, get the, get the IV and hook the, uh, cure for this man's nose. Jesus, you can't drink grape juice. It's like it's pure sugar. It's not good for you when you're diabetic. But you need some serious ass assistance, man. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, if these sure talking noodles are good, I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. But you won't eat him anyway. I would. Would you? Yeah. If they're good, then I'm gonna like I'll have, uh, uh, 10 of Haka, I think it's 10. Because they come in a, um, several foam thing would like the, um, dry ice. And you have to cook them for two or three minutes. You parboiled. T, can't you handle that? I'm sure you have a microwave and you're, uh, fabulous joint. Have a housekeeper. Oh, it is a microwave at the station. Oh, there you go. You can no come right in there. You can pararrow microwave. I'll get the base to do it. There you go. Two three minutes. Put a little, uh, low carb sauce on there and it's, uh, well, I'll let you know. It's good. It's fine. Forget about it. So tomorrow I have something to look forward to. The report. Right. Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to make such a splash with this thing. Public's better. Get ready to start carrying this day. Because any article that said they were planning maybe to carry it. Because if I like it, man, I'm going to create a run on this stuff. You can do that. I want what you did for fish food. Beyond way beyond that. Because this is, um, you know, as well as I do, that all of us fat people were in love with the Titan food with, like, noodles, man. Yeah. Like in one sip of time to America, remember noodles? Sure. Because middle name was Luchin Coral. Yeah. Well, I do love a good Luchin Coral. Like in Fancy. So remember that? Did you see us off Fancy? Yeah. Wow. I'll tell you that. Lost in America was a great movie. Well, about once upon a time and a month. Whatever. Well, as an America was the one where you lost Albert Brooks. That was a different home. Once upon a time and a America was the, what the heck? He was hanging that movie. Yeah. It was fantastic. Yeah. Brian Bloom and De Niro and James Woods. Yeah. Even James Woods was good. And they especially in the end where they like, well, his bits kept popping out of the back of the garbage truck. That was good. You know he was in here because the zids were popping up. It was either him or Wayne. I'm not sure which one. You remember Wayne? Yeah. So how about that guy to call pepper, baby? Or talking super bowl. What do you think? We'll see. Yeah. I still think that was a horrible story about how he stiffed that poor little kid and they gave him the jewelry and then he took it back. That was bad. There was a story in Sun Sentinel today about how the odds dropped on the dolphins in Las Vegas. Yeah. Well, they didn't drop in Las Vegas. I'm off shore place that made eyes on him. But until they know if cold pepper is going to play or not this year, they're not going to be any more. What do you mean if you're going to play or not? What does that mean? He was coming off an injury. He might not be ready. Oh, wouldn't that be a tough break? Wouldn't that be bad? You don't mean more gust for a lot. Well, gust for a lot was unfortunately healthy. Yeah. That's what I'm seeing. Oh, you mean they'd bring back gust for a lot? Right. Yeah. We didn't have a very good quarterback. Yeah. Well, listen on that note. Yes. Keep this week going. I know I'm sure going to. Yeah. Yesterday I did it again. I went five out of six. I was five for five and a pick six. They had a $31,000 pot. Yeah. And I ran second in the six legs. Oh, I need a one shot beat. I hate when it happened. Oh, well. But I'm winning along the way. So there was no winner then. No, they've got a big carrier over today. Guess who might be. It's the day to hit it. Yep. Just for him this week. So all the fact you was going to chance to win big this week. So you were in the money. We're in the money. Okay. I still want to get on. Yeah. Keep it going. I still have a go. And you. I repeat. Come with us. Me too. And very brave. Okay. Man, while octopens is so they go to become a married home. Oh, we discussed it unless you're a heteropsy, Roca's push. Amy's gay. Here. Yeah, Han, I'm going out for a few beers with the guys, right? Okay, Mr. But you better promise me you will drink responsibly. Don't worry. Aldrich, responsibly. Lots of it. If you're going to drink responsibly, responsibly beer. Hey, dear, Senator. Another ramen for the zombie. You promised you drink responsibly. And I did all night long. Well, I have you know. I spent the whole night sitting on the Daven Port. Sure. I'm Daven Port Jenkins. Sometimes you know the thing to do is drink responsibly. You know you'd come in a 40. Come on, it's after 10 minutes. I'm going to get ready to go. I'm going to get ready to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to get ready to go. I'm going to get ready to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to get ready to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Come on. It's after 10 at 5. 60. If you, I'm the son of Sean and the birds are singing. It's a great day. Man, if you were talking, show it up this morning about 9. 35. Did not tell you it was going to show. I tracked it all away from New York to Jersey to where it was. It Louisville to Mrs. Saga. It's a really to if salanti and the ish from in. And then right to my dough. And it coming nice little package. It's a little bags packed in water. Now listen, I really can't tell to lie open. But I sniffed the outside of the bag. It's a little smell. They have to wash back. They're like pre-wetting. They're packed in water. And they're not like those couple New Rules. These are like sedicini shit. They're flat. But it's just like the weed. I'll let you know tomorrow. It's going to be a very big day. This could be the climb active day. All you fat people out there. We may have discovered the ammagic bullet. 10 13 a QA. When it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks going on. Now, the latest are sleep numbers. Otherwise, no one is air mattresses. A lot of hot air. They're only warrantyful for two years. They squeep. They can lose their setting to ignite and across to an arm in 16 legs. If you really want a hot quality brand name mattress to the last few for years and years, then call the great folks at Dala-Mactress. At 1 800 mattress, this is the smartest, the easiest piece of shopping you can ever do. When you call that number, you get no run around. No showroom shenanigans. Just factory drag prices on the best brands. You know, in trust, when you call 1 800 mattress, you choose from Florida's largest inventory of the best names in the city. You start a Simmons King Quill. 10 for Peter Stearns and Foster. Already, for a St. David Liberia prices lower than the so-called big name chain stores even during the big sales. And as far as the Liberia is concerned, nobody can touch their deal because you still get to pick the two-hour window that you want to live re-ended date. Like noon to two, one to three, etc. And they show up. I've been a satisfied customer, Dala-Mactress for years, and I guarantee you, I'll give our budget to Clarence's life on it. That you will be too. Call today 1 800 mattress to log under their website, mattress.com. That's 1 800 MATT-R-ES. We've authorized this because it stands for sensational, stupidest savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516.8. You're back. See how we were here, but we were here. When a murdered moment here are the 72 virgin turns into the right moment. Will you be ready? You can be with Cialla, the only ED tab that works for up to 56 hours or 72 versions, whichever comes first. See, all I should be taking prior to definition, side effects include muscle aches and being dead in the event of an erection less than more than four hours. Have added again with the first virgin you to flower, although at that point she'll no longer be a virgin. I asked my pull-up about Cialla. She doesn't do. In the video results in a very, and there's a distinction as you'll go straight to hell for killing innocent people, and that this whole 72 virgin vanishes a sham devised a trick you and are doing something indescribably evil. See, all I'm ready. 1019 a QAM. So the third most important thing in the last 24 hours is that I watched the loose end. The most important thing is that I had a good day at a good machine. It would be a number two most important was that I watched the loose change. And number three was that the Cheritaki showed up, not in that order. Anyway, loose change part two. You don't have to watch part one because part two is part one plus the additional footage. And the link is right there on our website. I watched the whole thing in the 30 last night about 9, 11. If you don't want to watch it, I can't force you to. And based on our stance that I see not too many are watching it. They'd rather go dick, the dip chain is way. See if I would have been great. I would have been great. I was going to say hunting, right. Anyway, they'd rather go duck hunting with big chainies. You could be very careful with that. Or then they're also still doing the most slap in all I craft. And the thing is that if you get an IQ larger than you thumb, I'm not saying you're all going to believe the stuff in here. But I'd like to know what you have to be treated, especially if you've had many, many things. But some part about the cell phone calls were they've done all those studies of cell phones, 32,000 feet up in the early even 8,000 feet. Cell phones from my airplanes don't go through. And isn't amazing that all those calls allegedly went through. And that's fantastic. Including the one guy who called his mother and used both his first and last name. Mr Smith. Yeah, hi, my. Smith calling. Mm-hmm. So anyway, I do yourself a favor. I want to have loose change part to which I'm sure most of you won't. But it's an hour and 21 minutes and believe me well worth it at the twice the price. Here's our pull from yesterday. What talk, what political talking had news reader were combless? Do you despise most? The spies? Hey, 1211 votes and quarter 569. Almost half. 47% for that bitch. That you can't in 101. I hate this poll 85 Bob Novak 75. James Carville 51. Got an ice shiny head though. Tucker Carlson 47. I don't know any 46. Those are the adult fans. Chris Matthews 39 will put screen 35. Mary Madeline 34. George Step on top of his 19. Marine doubt 18. But that's criminal. So let it a Brian 15. Tim Russell 15. Charles Cobb Hammer. Nazi NAA chair 14. Lou Dobbs 14. George Will 7. Paul Kurtman 7. Fred Barnes 5. Jack Capri III. David Worfstree. Baby Cannon III. Kira Phillips 2. Somebody else out there. Hates that bitch. Just as much as I do. David Broder 2. Thomas Friedman 2. He's in love with his real and all the other right wing is Tom Friedman. He's very confused, very very confused. It's all I can say for him. Hey log out of QM.com. Make your picks for Mel Sue Thufs' stereo. Fix your made round by round to start making your first round selections down on the individual out there. But at most points at the end of the tournament was the grand prize of a thousand bucks. Sounds like a lot of gambling going on on this radio station. Number one. First came out of station. It's all they had was like offshore gambling joints. And Limp. Right. Limp Limp Limp. Limp Limp. Limp Limp. Limp Shure talking noodles and offshore gambling. It's all I had. Now the day is today's pool. What simply doesn't make sense to whoever facts in this morning and even though we had a slow start, he's moving up the ladder George Bush in the White House. What simply doesn't make church in state 256 Jews in Arabes to 121 old Farts in driving 82. George Bush in the White House has come from nowhere to where respectable fourth and climbing the ladder. 79. Sex and potty 74. There. All of us some people like folks in movie theater 70. See, I've talked to talk when you go out. Not while the movie is on. I'm not going to be on. How about all Farts in the movie? Hey, hey, for my take it. How about all Farts in the movie? Then too. Yeah, put that on her. Money in friendship 32. Business and family 21. South Florida, hockey 19. Nice effort last night. Fourth up and shut up by the flyers and the attendance in the NHL.com. So zero. I don't know how many I didn't see too much of that game. Radio and dumb drugs 10 and sex and food 10. 7. 74. We got a short show today. We got the evolving. Not that we're. About that in least but Marlon's on deck at 12. Fifty 10. Deal one. So we have less than a three hour show today. And then we got the Marlon's in the dungeons. A 105 from Viro. Mad Dog follows the baseball game. And then we got the Roberto Laugrillo show with guilty at Doris Markin and Boca. At the 60. Seven of Farts in the summer came her line of Bernie Cozard steakhouse with Jesse Agler and also nine to ten to see in the studio. What happened to the beast? John. I don't know. I'll be out there as well. Well that's good. And you can Josh is going to have some of those best of Abat Monia. I will. Yeah. Well good. Not today. Everybody's going to buy him but he'll have some of them. But third of me. And teachers in MK from Atlantic City attended. I told you it's gambling week. It's gambling week for the old Jews and we're taking full advantage. WDQ. Yeah. I wanted to just a meal. First of all happy 30th anniversary. But ladies. I went 7 hours to that hearing at Hollywood City Hall and at least they heard no matter how restricted they made it. At least they heard in order to compete with Vegas and Boca. This isn't this isn't casino stand is it? Yes it is. Oh. But I haven't seen it in the gone father where Jack Waltz finds the horses head and his Betty starts going to scream like that. That's how I feel like going right now. I don't want to stand. But they I like the 7 hours you went to that hearing. What are you trying to say? Yeah. But you're trying to tell us. 7 hours you went there. Who got out there? They went to Los Angeles. They went through by rules. Yeah. When they came to no cops I said, how can we compete against Vegas? We're given hamburger and they got steak. The purpose of this was for tourism and for raising that a raise a lot of money for the schools which I'll go to see our parents going to what I want to do. He wants to do everything as power to make sure it fails. But the American public has been weed on the Vegas style. Here's a teacher. Here's a one the mug. Yeah. They love it. Yeah. Also as far as a team issue. Why are you timing these things that we already know? They were given. They were given the information so they can't say they didn't know about it. You had name me about these and manufacturers there. That was excellent. For the player they're strict. They got rules that are fair. They never did they have a good machine. That's a lot of money. They got my shenanigans on the show. The shenanigans are word from pop at a park by the way. When the house is out of the machine and then the day and I can't say they spoke. They've got machines now that have different games on it. But because the state wants to kick it a receipt from each one. Dollars have the technology but it won't be available for six months. So they need to allow that. But no poker machines. I said you have poker in your own home since 1990. You're a real player. Five six. What are we going to do with him? I have no right. Oh my god. And he's like he's peddling this to me. Like talking about preaching to the choir. Don't you look around you, Stan. After looking at your son burned rotting skin. Okay. Here's a guy that looks like a cigar store engine. This is a cigar store engine. This is a cigar store engine. It's a cigar store engine. It's a cigar store engine. It's a cigar store engine. It's a cigar store engine. It's going to be so big and it's brain as well. Just look at yourself. And then it should remind you of something. You're in Florida, baby. You're in Florida. And you're like, man. I don't understand what you are. Something is going to work right. Nothing is going to be done the right way because you've got all these other forces. Like the operative. I just got through a stand. Okay. So just deal with it. Stan. Oh, me. God. This is five sixteen. Oh my god. This is five sixteen. It's five. No, okay. I have no right. This is the theory one is a race. I'm six, but he's the ensemble. I was the info Steven have an a race name. But there's one man in particular who really is quite mild. God let his last name pull your folks is not from the emerald. I know. God tell you, yes, I know. He don't like wearing green. They only go out with a lasso's underage 15. I've chosen the others. He's just as lame a punk. And they was hazing silent when they listened in to funk. No, okay. He ain't put his. In case he didn't know, that's because real Irishman got colleagues to the brawl. No, that's because real Irishman got colleagues to the brawl. You know, my whole life I never really thought about this. You think there's any like black Irishman? That man here's black British here people. Sure. Well, why can't they call each other bro? You know, I think they call each other brawl. Oh, but all. Everyone go brawl. That's right. 1032 at five sixty WCM. I got that Marlon game coming up. We got to talk real fast. I'm so depressed after hearing from casino stand. And of course, it only took me about seven seconds to realize who I was talking to. I've assessed. I have no access. And fuck up. You know, all these years you keep like beating at dead horse. Don't you understand it? It's like wall in Tennessee pounded on at horse that's fading in the stretch. Why do you keep doing that, Stan? Just kiss the ground that you've got anything. It's a miracle. Who would have ever dreamed we even got anything in Florida. Much less the real thing and much less the way it ought to be done right. It's the Florida F in way. It's the Jeff Bush, F in way. And by the way, when you watch loose change part two, take a very close. In fact, watch it four or five times about Marvin Bush. When we hear very little about Marvin. See that? Yeah, Marvin Bush. By the way, can you hear him back on that close? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're doing the monthly Far along during the middle of the show here. So, there you go. It's going to be a f*****. Actually, I think we do know for Joyce's benefit. Bush, you're approval falls to 33% in the getting lower. And like we've been asking for a long time. Who are those 33%. Dan, Dan at that, right? And Congress earns rare praise. In the aftermath of the divide ports, the opposite imposes the approval rating. Is it a new low? And as image for honesty and effectiveness has been damaged. Just when you thought it couldn't get any or 33% as a matter of fact, his numbers would drop in faster than ours. If you look for it, by just wow, January 2005 he had a 50% approval rating. Then in July, six months later, 44%. December 38. February, about a little bounce, 40% and now in March, 33% in the Pew poll. And the impression that I'm going to have to go through the whole thing here. It's all bad. Most Americans, 58% believe Congress acted appropriately and Stringly opposingly to buy a do-be-do-be-do-be-do. Just 24% say lawmakers made too much of the situation. Well, there's broad support for the White Congress handled of the spute. More Americans think democratically to show a good judgment on the ports issue. Then say the same about GOP leaders by 30% to make money. 20%. The new Pew survey underscores the public's alarm over the prospect that an Erbil company could have operated the US ports. Fully, oh, it's a sloth of phobia once again. Yeah, right. What's the era of street thinking? Well, you know what the answer that is? I give up. Oh, fully 41% said they paid very close attention news about the debate, which is unusually high interest for Washington's story. Only slightly lower than number tracking Iraq war news, very close to which is 43%. There was broad opposition, they proposed yield from across the political spectrum, even the broads were against including two to one this approval among conservative Republicans, 56 to 20% percent. Among conservative Republicans, 33% is the lowest rating of his presidency. He's job performance mark is now about the same as the ratings for democratic and Republican congressional leaders, 34 and 32% respectively, which showed no improvement. It's part of the public and probably the congressional response to the poor studio. How do you like that? And his ratings for handling a several specific issues, especially terrorism of declined sharply, just 42% now approve of a Catholic terrorist threats and 11.5 in just one month. Because obviously, when business Trump security issues, when all the car-style group and all these other Bush-Chirchian addigans go and all the daddy and all the brothers, what that's more important than all the oil shenanigans going on, than really securing the public and of course what we saw with Katrina, then that should tell you a lot. Okay, should tell you a whole hell of a lot. Speaking of Katrina, where does that straddle about downtown Mickey Brown? See, I'll show some of these things way back there. Yeah, better show them on the top because we got a short show today. Just a simple one. If we're going to save the world today, we've got to like move these things around. Shuffle them around. Or should I shuffle them a bit? Yeah, then just surprise yourself. Can't throw in Harris, here's some more good news. He's running baby. Yeah. Let's see. Oh, here's another one for the guns and booze. That's good. I like that. Should somebody tell that I dick that? That's out there duck hunting for your dog, Taging. And get that on our guns and booze. High schools and military recruiters. I like that. That's very good. Beauty. Nice going. Thank you, Robert. You as representative, Katherine Harris plans to spend $10 million over daddy's inheritance in Harris. And her waist don't seem to send them a credit. The senator Bill Nelson, she announced last night. She had his speculation that she'd quit the race on Fox News, Hannity and Colms. What a surprise. You showed up there. What do you hear about her plane? What about it? I heard about her. She told that she would get out of the race after a name was associated with a defense contract to a brother of another congressman. By the way, you don't think that that white plane that was sling over Washington at the time that the Pentagon was attacked, you don't think that that could have been a drone to you. Hey, shut up, Carly. No. Anyway, Katherine says, I'm staying. I'm in this race. I'm going to win. She told Sean, I'm going to put everything on the line. But could you handle any of the motions. Tell Captain Karen? Please basically look at the Union. I knowImant. Whitella?gar Staffson told Colonel Mademarius. He清ed the bailout leader's face of Matt Schumacher. assess the pressure of the President of the state of General Francisco Sryza Karler's head temperature was 8, he got off line. Hecut the best board option to keep him under the control of the comedy stand-off situation. Paris' despise by many Democrats and independence for the role she played in the 2000 presidential fix, when a Florida Secretary of State chief certified President Bush's 537 vote victory to a new S-epping court later stopped reconcharging the results because they were all that his buddies are most of them. Paris' campaign has been the subject of specialization since Mitchell Wade, the former president of MZ and Inc., admitted making 32,000 illegal contributions to Harris' 2004 House campaign, Wade also pleaded guilty to robbing former U.S. representative Duke and cunning him who was sent to prison earlier this month for bribery. Harris said he didn't knowingly the way the legal scene said he donated to my de-churity, right? Just like Bill first, he didn't realize he had that stock, so he that's why he sold it because he didn't realize he had it. Nobody knows nothing. Nobody knows from nothing, baby. But we are alarmed. The test is over. Well, good. I can open up the door because it's getting real, it's toasty and here, man. Too bad we don't have like a full show today because I would take like a segment. I would go in the cookup seminar and I'm sure talking noodles with some of that nice low-carvose sauce. I'm telling you man, you folks better tune into barred. It's going to be one day, especially you fat people out there who are desperate. You post-alievers who can't get near it or touch a even snippet. That could be monumental. 800-29, even though we got a short show, we'll make that $1,000 by 12-50. I'll bet you, Giants' life on it right now. You know, no problem, right? Right. Well, you know, I'm what I'm telling you. By the way, for our abandoned per-risk U, we got 17,935 bucks. So you should be able to get that other 65 bucks tonight at your appearance at whatever it is, really close our steakhouse. I haven't denied. I'm sure I will. In fact, if you go buying your really nice Joshua by your dinner. How's that? The longest bit is all over the toothpick through it. Yeah, and I'll look would be good. How about one of the little side-dogs? Half a black olive. Can you have a look? As long as there aren't too many people asking for it. 800-29 votes, what simply doesn't make spread away. Thanks to Sean. I salvaged one of his polls. They were a little on the weak side this week, but they're not bad. But this is a good poll. Isn't it? It's a good poll. Search and stay 267. Jews and Arabs, 126, but look who's coming. They're going to be, W. Who now says this preemptive strategy of strike and other countries. We're going back to that again. We're going to hit them before they hit us. In other words, the ramblings of a madman. George Bush and the White House, 102, they, he's passed the others like they were laying flat out. Moving into a strong third, he'll pass the Jews and the Arabs like they're busy eating a halivada together. Old Farts and driving 85, black folks and movie theaters, 78. Talk when he gets outside, please. Sex and party 77. Money and friendship, 34. Business and family, 21. South Florida and hockey, 19. Radio and dumb jocks 11. Sex and food 11. High schools and military recruiters, guns and booze. Look how they held his spelled booze. V-O-O-S. Booze with an S. And old Farts and movie theaters. So far I've known. I got another one. How could we have forgotten this one? TOOBINS and Democrats. This is Neil Roger. This is going to be for this. This is 516. 815. Neil God. We're bombin' a crap out of a rack again. No service hiding. A lot more than those. They say they're weapons. Past the strokes of the earth. I say the sins. A couple made a sentence. Bar me around. That's a new day. All right. In the gold walls. Men and all the wood. I think it's time to give us blood of wood. Right, though. So it's time to blow those people's up on their minds. All the earth. Till there's nothing that's seen. All here up. Till seven, six feet deep. All here up. Blow up the green. All here up. And then they say it's time to blow. And never goes to play. I know that my phone's shut. If we're late, we're playing. We're gonna be away. We're gonna shut up and stand for pieces. All here up. And bring it to a name. All here up. And blow them up again. All here up. Blow them, see your name. All here up. And we're all. Ball here up. That's what they're doing right now in Samarva. They're bomb hunting on these. They're pretty much a stone in. Really, really, really. From here on the 10th of the dome. All here up. A shorton eight in the underlooker north. All here up. обыч Cessin. First row. Seven in the uterus. Seven in the nine retain in 10 goes, two in the seven, eight in the downward radar. Now these are super heavy hits. almost a 4500 people are voted in the Senate. It will pull us to that. Bush's anti-gambling, he's given a screwing. 2449 percent say no, the state needs to play strict limits on these operations. Rye. And 3.8 percent, 169 people say, but I'm not sure. There's always that segment. They don't know no matter what the question is, as in what's your name, I'm not sure. What they as in, I'm not sure, is the sunshine and I'm not sure. Things like that. Talk questions. So 71 percent of the people are propped off. But first of all, your fat ass governor can't run against. So we don't care. And number two, you know, we'll get used to it. How's that bullet train coming by the way? Oh yeah. Like a number 62 votes, we're going to hit that thousand. We got two hours to go to get it. Two hours, but that's too much. And after that call from casino stand, I'm a little reluctant to take another one. Two a.m. hello. How are you doing Neil? OK, sir. Neil, I've got a black Irishman, George probably knows this cat. He's the founding member in the Tangerine Fist in Lysie's event. But I said it way more important than that. Let me ask you, I'd avoid back in town. No, that's a question. There you go. You know it. Oh, I don't know what you're saying. I love Vigo Morgan's turn. And did you see the history of violence and good bad ugly? Is it worth seeing? Did I see one? The history of violence, a Vigo Morgan's turn. Oh, no, I did not. Do you like him? I don't even know who that led is. Oh, many brilliant. Vigo Morgan's turn. He's got a Morgan's turn. He's got a Morgan's turn. He can now Howard's turn. That's George about him. Oh, no. George about him. Who's that? We go Miko Mortensen. Who's that? He's the guy that was in that movie that he was talking about. He's the actor. He's a guy. You will like it. I've got the argument we're having for the 100th time yesterday. George is back though. George has lost this one out. I'll tell you why, Josh. Tell me why. You're a witness to it because before this show, many days you're here George's touting some movie to me and he'll say, oh, does this show young guy in your, I think you'd liked, right? Right. Now, how's the new. I'm going to wait a minute. Wait a minute. How is that possible that you can know that unless you look to them and start a certain characteristic? Well, what is it that you see about these young guys that you think I would like because I know the kind of guys that you like. But how can you tell? Based on the kind of guys that you have always talked about. Based on what they look like. Right. Well, how can you tell that unless you can recognize it? You see, I didn't show it to you. Right. You're going to get sound and elevator because yesterday, like I asked him about seeing a good looking guy in a mall who says, oh, he wouldn't look. George gets in an elevator in the 20th floor going on in the first floor in an office building and 15th floor the elevator opens and who are real good looking young guy walks in and stands there waiting to go. George turns around and faces the back of the elevator. No. Because you don't want to look at it. You're the one that changes the argument when you lose. What do I lose? Right. It's a win-win all the way around. There's no losing. I didn't say that me or everybody else, the other doesn't use these moves. Right. So you can tell unless you can see it when you own four eyes, Mr. Uh-huh. I didn't say that I couldn't. It's just not something that one notices. You don't notice it. How can you tell? Generally speaking, boy, he doesn't even let you think. I see that. George is scouting the way he's for a map. Well, thank you very much. No problem. I have a few for you. And many times have told you about love. She was, uh, that's right. Haves in movies and also now is the one that turned down to Britney Spears. You like the guy this is all. If I tell it, there's movies in the movie. Right. The point that I'm talking to that. I don't have to lie. I'm not a makeupist. I was here. Oh, I would never see a hot babe and a movie would like movies. So flash it out. I'm going to try to make it. I would look away. The point I kept trying to make and the collar even got it wrong. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, they do. You gotta go, all my wife asked me all the time and I'm not, and that's the exact, that's the point. I made it right there. You're like, if something, if something, yes, if something, if something, if something, and brings it to each point, if there's a reason to take notice, what you're responding to notice. Yes or no, or die everyone. How can you, how can you give a yes or no if you find help and say I couldn't tell. And I never said that. And I never said that. Oh my God. Don't make it up to you. How about, I was in put humans in Democrats. We had a put humans in head of a sexual ulcer. It's not true. Just said, when you lighten up my God, Jesus, you are, is he up to it or is this my right? And I wasn't right. Josh, I'm imagining it. You've never had sex with a straight guy. Josh, it might be a little bit of your imagination. Oh. It's a good Q.A.M. Hello. How many checks and season you? Yeah. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good, Pally. I want to play imaginary with this first second. What was the chance to be if you're going to satellite if they were to offer you? No, no, no, no. It's like talking about one of the chances of a $400 million following you that you're backyard by noon. Oh, God. You're not going to have to go so funny, but it's like, something to watch for. You guys, even though we can curse and do everything and watch, he doesn't compare to you. I understand that, but it's not going to happen. No, you understand. I got an agent who's an idiot. I got three. It's just aggravating and even bringing it up. Why do these people keep bringing it up? You know, I guess they're trying to suck up a little bit, which I appreciate, but there's no point in it. It's like beating the dead horse. It's like a casino stand, a hockey mood with that casino crap again. Just get used to it. I'm doing fine. I have no. I would only wish to each and every one of you that your life would be as fine as mine as these days. Believe me. I have no complaints. And for me, that's really saying a lot. None. Now that I've erased from my mind all the stuff about this station and who's on to it. A forum. I don't care about it. That just pain me. That's all. Okay, but this morning, making sure everybody's happy and petties on a back, which is especially that's it. Tamey on time. That's all. Be nice to give a little bit of promotion and the 30th anniversary thing, when over like a pregnant pole of all, there could have been a little bit of a little more studying that. And then this, you know, this fundraiser thing I don't want any part of. But you know, something who cares. These are like little minor like what you get a scratch on your shoulder. You know, like a little dirty age. That's it. You scratch it over for two seconds. It goes away. Little irritants in life. My life is great. If the sun is shining, it's a little bit cool. So I have about 35 degrees. I'm used to that. I have no problem with that. I'm happy camper. 12. 50. I will be off the door so fast like like a lightning bolt. You couldn't, you couldn't far fast. And then I'm going to be off that door. I don't wait to plunge my guts out as my new expensive hobby. I'm having a great time. Like, my sure talking noodles are right today. My low carb sauce showed up yesterday. What timing? How does it was good? What what's not to like? I'm anxiously anticipating the review. You know, Alex tomorrow is going to be it. I'm telling you, William Fortante, that's your tomorrow. You ought to be you, fat folks. And the other one's too. I ought to be glued to it in the radio too. So this business of keep beating you in that satellite. It would be great. I wouldn't lie to you. It would be great. I'd love to be heard by a lot more people. I wish we had like that loose change. Even just for things like that. The book of Brian, but the people here, the stuff that we have on our website that millions of people ought to be looking at and pee in their pants are getting really excited about. But of course there are people that don't want that to happen. You know? There are a lot of people want to make them sure that doesn't happen. In addition to which there are some people at talk or go game, but they haven't got the cohones to do it. And let me say it again. All you peed. Oh, and I've got the story in here as long as I call with his song to dance about. Here it is. XM and serious reach new lows on Wall Street yesterday. America subscription radio providers each lost ground at Wall Street and the opening by yesterday morning said it lows not seen in a long time. XM was down 51 cents to $20.5. It's lowest value since November 3rd, 2003, 2.5 years. The fall on XM share of value came after stated in poor equity research maintained a hold rating on XM and reduced the 12 month discount of cash flow based target price from 27 to 24 bucks and widened its estimated loss for 2006 per share from $2.22. Meanwhile, serious drop 15 cents to 4.45 retreating to the company's lowest since November 15th of last year of 2004. The time for a service came today after the release of its latest SEC filing which showed a dip of more than 1,000 active serious subscribers at Hertz from 2004 to 5. They continued average churn rate of 1.5%. So there was all that big hoopla on the beginning and Howard's on there and I regret it. He's got millions of fans and that's wonderful. The fact is most people don't want to pay for something they can get for free. Okay. If you can get good sex for free or you're going to pay for it, I mean I could understand if you're going to get it at home and it's not all that great to it. But that's another story. But seriously, you see what I'm saying? Why are people going to pay for something and get for free? In addition to which what has he got on there? What has he got? Well, Stearns got all these different states in the program. He's got Bubba, the freaking loves bunch. He's got Scott for real. Who's, you know, we know what he is. He's got a big package and a big whatever it is. You know, the big resumes. And that's it. He's got Martha Stewart on there and they got Lin Samuels and her ancient the Fag Hag routine. That's it. Whereas the beef, baby, whereas the talent, the fact of the matter is that most of the people with any talent are under contract working in so called terrestrial radio. Oh, you guys are left behind. Well, last time I checked, I'm not missing any meal. This is a meal Roger. This is five 16, two, eight, five. This is the meal Roger's show. This is your brain. Any questions? The web was a master's instruction. You got to be somewhere. Revertate, photographs that officials call definite proof of WFD's what that means for your weekend at 10. I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous. The dumbest thing was a dream. And this hard work. This hard work. This hard work. This hard work. Everybody knows this hard work. That's a good thing. I love shooting a nail gun too. I'll write. 11.05. 60 W2M. And running gang of the United Nations is that whenever the United States takes a defiant stand against an overwhelming majority of the 195 member states, the early three countries that predictably vote would watch in most of the time whether it's right or dead wrong. These expected this in Congress voting pattern was repeated yesterday when the three loyal U.S. allies Israel and the two tiny Pacific island nations of Palau and the Marshall Islands were the only member states to stand in the United States with the U.S. when a rejected resolution calling for creation of a new human rights council. The vote in the general assembly was 170 in favor and four against the U.S. Israel Marshall Islands Palau with three extensions of Venezuela, Iran and Belarus. Since the U.S. has no veto in the general assembly, the resolution was adopted by an overwhelming majority. The U.S. opposition couldn't block the establishment of the new human rights council. When the acceptance of the usual additions of two tiny dependent island states, the United States and Israel stand alone and defiant virtually the entire world support for the new human rights council said, Willis Benus, senior fellow, W.S. and based in for policy studies, what kind of a fellow was named? Willis. But anyway, well we got one. Larga on the W2M.com and make your Picks for Belsa, Hoopsha, Syria. Picks are made round by round. So start making your first ground selections right now. Use it with the most points at the end of the user. The plungeer, the contestant with the most points at the end of the term, wins the grand prize. $4,000. Perry lives. Was that Perry again? No, sure was. Way in the back. We're on top of it this time. Perry's way off in the back. He's dead, but nobody can tell the difference. What simply doesn't mix his art pool today? It's a good pool question we got on our before votes. We'll have over a thousand by noon. How do you like that? This because we got a short show, don't sell us short. Don't forget I'm going to try my show. We're talking noodles tonight with my low-car pasta sauce and maybe some nice meatballs. Although you know what I'd do like to do. What do you like to do? You know that Rob Worst that ordered from Omaha Stakes or like to put that in my flavor way deluxe and cook that about 15 minutes and then slice it up and on this like like sausage. You know, let's forget the sausage. Rude and slice it up in a small like pieces and then put that in my sauce. Oh yeah. And then put that together. My sure talking noodles. So I said, I said, I'm using Jesus, Mr. Eagle would say, that sounds pretty good to me. Boy, if that is good, it's going to revolutionize my life and maybe a lot of years too. We'll see. Let's simply doesn't make church in state 286 God forbid. Jews and Arabs who have done a lot of from proven it for thousands of years, 138. George Bush in the White House, 120, two, he's right up on the Jews and Arabs ass. Well, how's that to roadmap coming by the way? Oh, it's a little bumpy. Old parts and driving 87. Black folks and movie theaters 82. Sex and party 80. I want to what to that restaurant could have critical to think about that. That was his name. The one that's croaked. Oh, I geez. I can't think about it. Money in friendship 35 probably just as well. South of the hockey 23 business in family 22 radio and dumb jocks 11 O.J. Sex and food 11. Guns and booze for. Oh, thank you, Air for Josh had booze spelled B O O O S. Now listen, forget it. Trunks is much of an as you do you ought to be able to lease this spell it. I can throw it down. Just can't spell it. You can throw it down. Yeah, throw this. It's still better once he's under the influence. I see. High schools and military recruiters too. The humans in Democrats won all parts and will be theaters none. Come on, are you crazy? They start repeating the dialogue out loud the middle of the movie. Oh, and now he says, so he just said, I think that the joke you'll let it guy. Whatever. I guess these people probably don't frequent those kind of establishments in just as well. Nine ten, baby. That's our new frequency. We're moving to the middle of the doubt. I say, let's take over that nine forty frequency with that skier America crap on there. We could cheer get a big number if we had a frequency if we were on FM. Now, let's go on FM. What do you say? Forget about that satellite crash. I'm sure it was good. I know how you're going to take one more. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Well, yes, sir. I got an addition for your post. Okay. What about the dolphin and the superpump? Okay. And like it. Okay. Even when Johnny's call peppers, dolphins end the superbowl or I like it. And if you want to do a sportsman, how about another one? Panthers in the playoffs. All right. Oh, brother. Nice game last night, not. They didn't even show up. I don't think four nothing lost to the flyers. Even Robert S. who's the backup goalie. No, for Philadelphia behind that Nidimaki guy. Robert S. they played a second one. If 10 plays the second swing goal against you, that tells you a lot that they think you suck. And the Panthers did. For nothing. For zip. No playoffs again over and over and over and over. But at least you'll have the honor of hand in five bucks starting at first to dry. Next season when you walk through that gate. A third of the Panthers attendance. I think Panthers in the playoffs. I mean, neck neck is what I'm saying. Now that you could say Marlins and attendance, other than the dolphins. How about the WNBA? How's that doing? How the strikers doing? Look at all the things that have failed in South Florida. You know, just because, you know, just numbers alone don't make a metropolitan area. I thought of what I'm saying. This is because there's four million people in Dave Browden, Palm Beach. Or maybe there's more now. It doesn't mean anything. It means nothing because they're like, they got nothing to do with each other. Like this is associated folks who are like from all over the Hells half acre. And they don't give a crap about each other, but anything. Unless somebody that team gets hot and then well, then it's a different story. A divine company announced yesterday will sell all of them. We had this at the end of the show, but it's worth repeating. We'll sell all its U.S. port. It could've were very newsy. All its U.S. port operation could've been four to six months to an American buyer. Providing new details about its sale plans that were forced back in Regional concerns over terrorism security. Lawmakers who criticized the book administration for approving VP World's earlier plans to operate in the U.S. said that were satisfied. However, the House voted yesterday 378. The formally expressed opposition to the VP. Was it the VP who would run any port terminals in America? How do you like that? Close vote? 377 to 38. They said, get out of here already. Okay. Take your DP and go sell some BP and get out of our face. Go take a BC powder. You lost. Here's some good news about a very good friend of yours. Who that? Lawyers for Swap Shop over Preston Hand. All Preston. Asked to browse judges that aid toss out fraud and other allegations brought against him by a former Swap Shop vendor, Port Preston. I think he was sniffing a little bit too much of that. He just kind of vanished into the woodwork. I hope we can only pray. Yeah. What a wonderful guy. I know we got that thing out here somewhere. Is that an evaro? I guess it's probably another thing. I think the evaro. I think that's what it's under. It's very short. It's a very strange thing. It's a strange thing. Anyway, talk about that time. I saw meet New Ruth Chris in for a lovely day on the... He kind of like gave me an odd. And then as I was walking out, I forgot he was sitting there and just walked right by him. I mean, you know, of course if I would remember, I still would have walked right by him. One thing I can't stand is fullness. You know, I just can't stand. Oh, hi, Nick, how you know, a big handshake, pat on a bag, you know, smack him in the eyebrows. Ever see his eyebrows manned together, same with the same eyebrow. But, but after hearing arguments from both sides, circumstances, your Robert Lansing were suggesting he wouldn't decide the motion they've time soon on for Preston's hand. What if Preston's hand's got that bird flu? Don't hold your breath about getting a rolling in the time of the century. And we said, I sure hope the bird flu isn't going to be on least just in time for the elections in November. You know, like in the 9-11, how many more people have to die to keep the neocons in power? How many more million people? About 30 minutes? Play the actual leave of it, who attended yesterday's hearing with two of his own lawyers, once operated restaurants, snack bars and food and beverage carts at the Swap Shop. In December, leave of it, suit hand in this company, seeking damages for both personal and weak and I'm a class-related and an altercation of the giant flea market and outdoor driving movie theatre last May 20. Hence, 75 of scheduled go to trial April 3 on criminal charges stemming from that encounter, leave of it is a cue to end a fitting to honor a promise to leave of it along to release it to Swap Shop, leave of it is a resum. Hence, lawyer William Scherr said, leave of it is a weak contract to operate nothing more. Sure, did not seek this missile of two additional civil camps of assault and battery against him. He said he expects those to go to trial someday. Someday, you know, that's Sunday, that's Sunday, that's Sunday, by who? When health is over, poor Preston. And speaking of attorneys with real tourists on their hands, an agent for Oakland Raiders' Library, Sever Randy, Moss along with his wife, are charged with possession of crack cocaine, as a result of police being caught of a hotel in St. Petersburg who investigated this disturbance authority city yesterday. See, if it isn't the juxtapes, the attorneys, its their agents, its their buddies, its their pizons, its their drug dealers, all of these things. That, in like a very bonds for example, he's Scherr and I cream. That he'd do a different honor when his wife, Terry of Charleston, West Virginia, were arrested Tuesday at hotels Saint Pete. The hotels management called police reported disturbance to the couple's room. When officers entered the room, they found the drugs, the drugs, the drugs, the drugs. I wonder if I wonder them rocking big ceramic units. Three other people were also arrested in charge of the Session of Crack cocaine, police said, no further details of their arrest were immediately reported by authorities. That he has been battling depression over two tragedies that occurred this past year. We don't know the fact of his arrest at this point, but we hope and pray that that he will not get the help he needs to Tom, the P.R. when attorney would be trippano for our Barrett and the P.R. Moss also commented to the attorney's office, he said, I'm sticking by my friend, and I'll support him in his family as he gets up battling his problem. That's what Randy Moss said, and a ruling stone gathers no. Moss, hurt why? I know you did, but the audience may not hear. Twelve minutes passed to look at him, listen, there's a lot of things they may not know. I would like to say that was Casino Stan, if he's gone. That was painful. Don't take it personally unless you want to stand. How many times do we have to say bye-bye, Stan? Enough already, okay with your obsession. Bye-bye! Your hearts in the right place for your brain fog long time ago, okay? Once when you sat down, I wonder whatever it was. Guy, wonder in outhouse things. Remember the outhouse gang and how they're going to arrest her. I probably all live in a sunny Rosenberg house. Sunny Rosenberg, man, think of all the notorious South Florida characters over these last years, Evan, on the air, man, oh man, sunny Rosenberg. And then we thought out about Frank El Exlecato in his TV show, and his pepperoni juice drool. That may have been the best price of all time, you know? I like it better, you don't think? It was damn good. It just hit me, I guess. I hit my funny bone. Hey, I tell you one thing that will hit you the right way, and that's Randy Shoes and Pompato Beach, because you can't beat their combination all the way around. They got the best selection, they got sales holes to know your feet inside, and that's to make sure you get a perfect comfort fit every time, and they got unbeatable prices. And what a selection of top major brands like Rockport, 4 Shime, Echo, S.A.S., New Balance, Mofisto, and Lotsmore. And Brandy's professional shoepeters, like I said, will make sure you have a perfect fit every time. As for Arnie, he'll take the best care of you. Brandy's specialized in wide widths as well, so what's not to like? Brandy's worth your trip no matter where you live in South Florida. For comfort, style, fit value and selection, always think of as a brandy shoes, and you'll find Brandy's at 1290. North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach, Brandy's often daily Mondays who Saturday night to line every Sunday till 5, and this week, because every week we got some extra special thing going on. This week it's a good time to buy floor shime at Brandy's, because you give you a free belt. Vetted over 25 bucks when you buy pair of floor shime shoes, and some great savings on ladies shoes as well for the ladies this week. So be sure to get in the Brandy's or do you shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com. This is the real Rogers. This is 5162A. Yeah. These are clothes. I'm a little bit doggy, but I'm in my darling. I'm a little bit doggy. And now I'm in your lover, new album. She curious things other people say. It's a little bit doggy. Oh, how long? She already made music history by recording her first thing. This language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re recording songs that were already in English, only this time. There are English, okay? I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so curious things other people say. It's a little bit doggy. It's a little bit more on my lips. It's a bit more on my lips. It's a little bit more on my lips. I'm so curious. There's a lot of people who are really really like she curious. She's a blogger service. Then you really really like her new CD. She's curious things other people say. No, didn't we? What's the next thing you'll say? I just had a brainstorm. Okay. We can revolutionize you. We're all in the public. We can revolutionize radio here tomorrow. We're my new share with talking noodles. I could like to get some of that sliced papy. Really this on the supermarket. Right? I could have my noodles and some of that low car pasta sauce. Instead of like, slice it up hot dogs or bottles in there. I should like put them pepperoni slice in there. And I hate it a whole bunch right here. I didn't even have pepperoni june on my chin. That's just going to say. A radio first. Take a picture yourself. I think it's a good idea. You'll pepperoni juice dropper. Anyway, last week the press reported that Merle Kaiser, right, democratic candidate for the United States Senate from Ohio, who's a really good kind of person. It religious nut. Believed that homosexuality should be punishable by death. Kaiser's opposition for the democratic nomination is US representative Sherard Brown. Page 1Q is a website. Let's wait a whole life. Find it. It's probably a raw story. Has obtained a portion of an audio interview, which Kaiser says that singer performer Elton John should be put to death. And in any way, sets the same should be having a Mary Cheney to daughter of the vice president. The edge show a growing podcast with a 4,000 week list is conducted at the interview. And it's got a link. Do we have this on our website, right? Jeff? I believe we do. Anyway, you can do the whole thing by clicking the link. Here's the transcript to the portion of the show, which Kaiser speaks of superstar and out gay man, Elton John, the transcript follows. Post-Channel, Arson Elton John, he comes to the state of Ohio. He's gay and proud. You want him dead, should he be killed? Candidate Merle Kaiser, I would prefer that he repent. Larsen, obviously he's never pending, should he be killed? Kaiser, well, he's worthy of death. The interview is entered to the subject of Mary Cheney, the vice president daughter. Larsen acquired his daughter, Mr. Mizz Cheney, should be the subject of the same and Mr. Kaiser's suggestion for Elton John. Larsen, how about Mary Cheney? How about the vice president's daughter? Should she be killed? Should she be killed? Should she be killed? Should she be not repent? You know the important thing is they're facing the second death. Larsen, of course, but in your perfect world, should Mary Cheney be killed for her being a homosexual? Kaiser, if she's not going to repent? Larsen, then she should be killed? Kaiser, if she's not being killed? Larsen, her life is no longer existing, many she being killed? Kaiser, well, how else you going to do it? Larsen, so are you saying Mary Cheney? Should be killed for being a homosexual? Kaiser, why don't we, what's wrong with drugs? Larsen, we're going to drug her? Kaiser, why do we have laws against drugs? Great. All right, he's a Democrat, runner for Orifice and Ohio. All right, sign America, baby. You can have it. They're bombing a hell out of Iraq again, but a big, but a boom. Another way to win here, I'm sure a lot of innocent civilians will vibe it. That's what's pain in the ass. And it's in vice standards. Even a mob made sure that those pain in the ass innocent vice-missed and didn't get her. Remember that? That's what Clemens is saying. That's right. WQAM, hello. Oh, hey. Here's the thing that the Carlo Groups going to get the Port Deal. And the ERR member, it's also involved with Carlo Group by $8 billion. So you're going to get this up running on me? Who said the Carlo Groups give me a port deal? Who said that? They were talking about it yesterday on a scar America. The Carlo Groups going to get the Port Deal. When I see it, I believe it. When I see it, I believe it. When surprised me, though, because that's Danny Bush. I mean, basically, the same bunch of crooks. Speaking of crooks, Michael Brown. Hey, heck of a job, Brownie. Former head of FEMA, deliberately ignored a new National disaster plan. Circumvented his boss, Homeland Security Secretary Mickey Churroff. And tried to manage his Federal Response to Hurricane Katrina directly with a White House Equity, a new House report just out, only moments ago. By this regarding the National Response Plan, finished in 2004, Brown to provide the nation of an opportunity and determine whether the NRP worked, the House investigation includes, and it's amended, and it's amended, and then, to a February 15 report, a failure of an initiative scheduled for release today. The All Republican panel led by Chairman Thomas Davis, the Turb, Republican of Virginia, prepared to supplement after issuing a subpoena and ordering obtaining Brown's sworn deposition February 11, two-light to published an inscathing 520 page study. By attributing numerous failings to Brown, the new House report obtained by the Washington Post, refocuses an unflaughtering spotlight on the former Bush political lawyer, and the White House. Though he resigned under fire for his handling of the hurricane response, Brown's image was rehabilitated somewhat in videos leaked this month, the children, empowering the government to gear up for Katrina, and, emphatically, warning the White House. But, there's always a big, big-ass butt. The House enforces Brown virtually boasted that he avoided communicating with her off-day-than-office about six months and called directly on the White House for assistance instead. Brown opposed to never advised the new Secretary to take steps under the response plan, such as declaring an incident of National Significance, activating a catastrophic incident annex to speed federal aid, convening an expert in the agency incident memo, or naming a principal federal officer in charge of reports said, that over the scrutiny of bad, we knew that. We'll leave heat that in mind as Congress considers as post-Catrina agenda, they've said, Femann, it's serious work for the NRP, might not. Right. This story says, so we're really prepared well, they did a fantastic job on Katrina, doing one-fast fabulous job of spreading democracy and getting everything all straightened out in Iraq. They're doing a tremendous job of diplomatic negotiations with Iran. They're doing an even better job of even dropping in on your phone calls, nobody up your mail and checking out who you're Googling on the Internet. All of these, all of these, all of these minor things. And America wants to know who's going to be on American Idol, maybe, that's what they want to know. Who's going to win college hoops? That's the important stuff, right? College hoot. That's right. I bet you, I bet you Josh's got a card. You go on. Damn right. I got, we're going to... Go to George. You know, I'm very prepared for the hard day. I hope you helped it. You want to know. That is the epitome of hypocrisy. Come on now. I tell you what, a girl, like two years ago, wanted to go on a girl. You can't go on a girl? No, it doesn't matter. You know, you don't need to know any actor and work. I'm as bad as a girl you don't like. But by the way, speaking of hypocrisy, gambling is gambling, Mr. Slotsie. I got news for it. This is the anti-gammely show. We got a handful of broken em over him. Any K on heir later than I do in the show for my Atlantic City, and we got to have somebody to stand up against this crap. You guys probably put the semistania for that. I'm not supposed to call it a super big call in the home. I'm all for it, man. If it has to do with degeneracy, I'm all for it. Okay. You're gut-sape. Pug your brains out. Who knows, man? Just like last night. I'll get third and what I get? Now, 15 bucks. 15 bucks at a lot of some schmuck on 14.2 million tax free. You can't win unless you're stem. If you're not in, you can't win. Right. So you've got a car. What now? How did Josh help you fill it up? What do you want to take? He's going to give you the winners do you? So that he can win unless you... No, no, they got the little rankings and everything here. And I mostly voted for colleges that they've been pretty rank-all, right? How was his day you never heard of? No, no, it's... If I had sex with the girl that went to that college, that's who I picked. I see. Well, that's in cover a lot of territory. You should have mall covered in. Yeah. The one that picked. Now what about the ones you missed out on? Time to go back to school folks. That's what I'm saying. Oh, yeah. I mean, you got process manual. I go pretty far. When New York, again, I go back to Kennedywood, Catery, and brush up on my algebra 3. I got my entire go-to-way further than I should. I think I'm going to take algebra full and latin full, if you ask me whatever. I think instead of going to college before. I should have taken a 12th grade, see, you should have taken the 13th grade. What have been a lucky number? I think that's how I would have booked stuff enough for like a reach out and touched someone, like the phone company said. I wasted a lot of good years, man. Could have had me a lot of good times, but it's okay. I'm making up for it. 964 votes on a poll. What simply doesn't mix? Church in state 307 Jews and Arabs, 142. The Jewish street in the Arab street. George Revolution of White House, 140. It's right on the Jew-era bass. Old Farts in driving 89, Black folks in movie theater is 86. Sex in potty 84, F. Money in friendship 36, South Florida and hockey 25. Business in family 22. Radio and dumb jocks 11. Sex in food 11. Guns in bruises is 7. High schools in military recruiters 2. Cubans are Democrats only 1. Old Farts in movie theaters 1. Panthers in the playoffs none and often is in the Super Bowl 9. I think we chased all the sports people away. Thank you. This is Neil Rodger. What solid this is 5.625. 1. 1. 1. The United Everett presents infrastructure safety in the Netherlands and the Indian U.S. General, I was chief, and I have a doubt about it. But end of your mighty President's family for the years. If you were very set up for us, my annual boards. I am here for the educational, about the new Jedi positions. For the educate that is not brain water. Not brain water. Not brain water. She thinks we are too much nothing more than a few crepes in a parking lot. When we really went to purchase annual 700 factories, it just takes high weight of your land and your soul. We have the body to operation the easier and truly in dollar deficit. We will soon anyway. Once we benefit from the security service. Perhaps now I live with a better understanding of the U.A.E. Continue to focus on the post-tip result of a hundred more models. We will focus on your shareholders and really more that you hear the media without a question. And no hard work comes to you. If you would accept that, you are not a Jew. But hey, it's Google App Motion. I know very good. You just cost me $6,000. Okay. I'm a 31.9 till noon. Here's a facts from Jay, who says, is this? This is almost as good as the guy I was talking about. I might be on a satellite again. Right. Do my job like anyone listening to your show off and on. From 23, I have the opportunity to listen to the radio consistently. I like sports, so I enjoy a little sports talk during this free time. Due to the moment, I was forced to listen to the whiny Dan Pankerker in the past. However, since there is no mole, mole man, I love the listening to QA and again. The consistency of inconsistency during the two to four slices kept me away though. I can't take guilty for more than five minutes. I like Curtis and I like Vogueamp, especially when he talks about things that have been sports. He is surprisingly funny at times. I haven't heard those. Is it possible that it has to power to be that be to put a consistent voice in that slot? A consistent voice? Well, that's for constant, son, or she's a panic. It is the man who can't supply his ass. No, no, not for the poor, which is a good idea for this. Neorogger show and phone calls. Don't mix. Very good. That's on there. Good. On right away. There is the man who can be supplied. I don't care what they do anymore. It's the 16th of March, and it's beyond embarrassing. If we really want to play like Major Market Radio, we'll be able to. And I'm Jay, what's his name? The New Joa Bell. Jay Bell. Was interested in this morning. Tell me about how great everything is going. We're getting there and not perfect. So that's good. John, right here at it. Now, we'd be nice to have somebody on two to four. We'd be able to put to this Mickey Mouse craft that we got. The middle of March already. We're going to have Mickey Mouse on Mickey Mouse is going to be on. I know actually, Mickey Mouse is going to be on. Mickey, that sound that we like so much. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she informed her just as Saturday will kind of win the target's address from the irrational friends of society. People apparently spurred by Republican criticism of the high court. Here we go. People like Tom Delay. That ilk. Ginsburg revealed in a speech in South Africa last month that she and O'Connor were threatened to go by someone who called on the internet for the immediate patriotic killing of the justices. Security concerns among judges have been growing. Conservative commentator and Colter joked earlier this year. The anxious and Colter that justice John Paul Stevens should be poisoned. I would have passed you once. O'Connor is complained that criticism mainly by Republicans is threatened. You'd need to learn to defend this to deal with difficult issues like gay marriage. God forbid. Warriors not limited to the Supreme Court. Three courtes of nations. Twenty-tone hundred federal judges of highest government paid home security systems. A 30-general Albert O'Fogganzall said this week. Ginsburg said the web threat was apparently prompted by proposals in Congress five by Republicans that tell judges to stop relying on foreign laws for court decisions. It's describing the favorite track and sizeable support. And one not so small concern they fueled the irrational fringe she said in speech posted online by the court earlier this month in version 40 yesterday by legal times.com. According to a Ginsburg summon in the website chat room wrote, okay command, those here's your first patriotic assignment and easy one. Supreme Court justice is against the governor of public who stated that they used foreign laws and rulings to decide how to rule on American cases. This is a huge threat to our Republican constitutional freedom. If you're what you see, you are and not just armchair patriots, the no-stood justice will not live another week. Representative Tom Fini of Florida Republican sponsor, one of the congressional proposals, wrote about the legislation on his website and the bold letters featured the quote from O'Connor predicting the Supreme Court will probably increase in the rely on foreign courts. I'm going to tell him you idiot, and it goes on and on. This is what's going on and you are merrily. You don't like that a signal, kill him. Sounds good. I'm a lighter note. Not. How come you're so newzy? Because we feel like that. You like that, you like that, you're like that. That kind of certain calls we just can't get out of your hand. I like that guy yesterday. I don't remember what Hillary was talking about. All about Tom Brady. Yeah, you're a good buddy of winning a fanatic Tom Brady. He's stuck up to the Jews. He's over in Israel. And then I look at the real story and Bob Francis, what his wife is a big fundraiser. And he was a big deal. Sucking up to the Jews. I got news for it. Tom Brady could come right up here and all he wants. Anyway, sorry, Joyce. 999 votes, holy cow, who's going to be the one that's going to break the ice now? My god, it's only 11.35. And I just 1000 votes. There might be a WCAF Chicago. One, what a great frequency that was, you know? It was a pretty good station too once upon a time. That Barney PIP. It was a PIP of the station. WCAF, 1000 on the radio done. That's a great frequency. Yeah. Anyway, screw them. Oh well. The voice of labor. WCAF. 1000 votes. Let's see how this thing is going, baby. What simply doesn't make church in state 320. George Bush of the White House, I told you. Second place in marching toward the front 1502. They're goose stepping toward the lead. Choose in Arabs 144. So you can just get together on a damn hip gear. Old Farts in driving 90. Black, Folk's, and movie theaters 87. Sex in party 86. Money in friendship 39. Bad mixed, baby. Don't do it. Go go barring money or low to money your friends. Stand. South Florida and hockey 25. See there is one. Business in family 22. Radio and dumb jocks 11. Sex in food 11. Guns in booze. Seven. House. Cubans in democrats 2. High schools and military recruiters 2. Dolphins in the Super Bowl 1. Old Farts in movie theaters 1. None. For near-wide you show in phone calls or Panthers in the playoffs out of 1000. The bottom of the white is done for the pancer think there's nobody here. Wow, I'm just telling the way it is. Nobody cares. Otherwise they had that story in the news last night, including interviews with fans. You know about the parking thing. Yeah, I'm one of the fans say. Oh, what would you think? They're pissed off. They're pissed off. What are they doing about it? They're not going. Yeah. I know. Well, I'm not going my ass. Yeah. Yeah. When the people of South Florida finally decide to actually make a statement about something, that'll be a first. I've been there 30 freaking long years. But, man. Have you yet to see that happen? Never. Ever. The government, the FCC, proposed to define a $3.6 million against CBS and dozens of its stations in affiliates and a crackdown on what regulators call in decent television programming. Oh, my God, there might be sex and flesh gone for bid. Who would want to see that besides us? The FCC said that network program would not have traced. There's an issue. I guess so not. No. Good movie without a trace would judge her. About the little kid that got lost. Never saw that? No. Without a trace? With the Kate. What's else in him? Kate. No, no. No. Good movie. Anyway, I know her firm without a trace that aired December 2004 was in decent. It was in decent. It said that the graphic depiction of teenage boys and girls participating in a sexual Orgy. How do I miss that for Christ's sake? Really? I'm really happy of it. How's wrong with that? I'm feeling wrong with that. Are you? No. I think wrong with it. That's the way this day. Yeah. We're invited. Christ. Well, speaking of that kind of stuff. Speaking of Hanky Panky. This just really frost my fat old ass. Any pro who's 1997 short story in describe the film, Brokass Mountain has written a scatter shot blast in a British newspaper. I'm lacing her anger over the film's best picture Oscar lost. We had this on a website yesterday that I believe we did. Chuck. Yes, we did. No. Pool. How are you saying her name? PROLX. Pool. He got me. Sticker ass in the pool. Pool. Pruks criticizes Oscar voters in the Academy Award ceremony in the 1,094 ward rant that appeared in Saturday's issue of the Guardian. That's where we had it from the Guardian. This is on CNN, which is like a day late in the dollar sure five days later. The best picture. Actually as we know, deservedly so went to crash a far superior sensational movie as opposed to a piece of turd and overrated piece of garbage. It has a lot of sheep and guys who are looking at a versus suspiciously. Academy hours who vote for the US best film are out of touch. Not only with a shifting larger culture and the Easty Furman that's in America these days. Oh, the Easty Furman. Can you smell it? Hmm. But also out of touch with their own segregated city. Pool rights. The 70 year old Pulitzer Prize winning author points out that broke back which was nominated for a Academy Awards was named Best Picture if the Independence Spirit Awards won debut for the March 5 Oscars. Well, what we do. Hey. If you're looking for a smart judging based on mirror, skip the Academy Awards next year and pay attention to the Independence Spirit Chorces G. Edvises. Teeven lashes out at Lionsgate, the distribution company behind crash. Rumor has it that Lionsgate in and date the Academy voted the DVD copies of Trash, excuse me, crash a few weeks before the ballot deadline. She calls it Trash. She decries the atmosphere of insufferable self-importance inside the Co-Dactivity of the set of the Oscars and describes the audiences a somewhat dim LA crowd. The show she writes was reminiscent of a small town, talent show night, tapping wildly for bad stuff and hands as if she says. She knows that broke back three Oscar wins for original score, depth and screenplay and direction for angley. Put it unequal footing with King Kong. Oh, I'll buy that. When a King Kong was bigger, when Jack Nicholson announced crash is the best picture winner. There was a gasp of shock crew writes. Not in my house. Yeah, like that. That's right. There's two. It was a safe pick of controversial film for the Teflums. She writes. I have no idea what that means. Using the elephant like winning the Pooh character, describe Academy voters. You hear the Hefelums from what he did to Pooh yet. It's an imaginary creature. I see. For those who call this little piece a star graves ranch. You can include play it as it lays. Yeah, lay this. Calls by the AP to rely on me home in a little bit of an agent. Elizabeth Darren's song for not to meet the return. Well, she loves him. Why only what does that tell you? Probably out there next door to Dick Cheney. By sure, I hope we don't go. Put next door to Annie's song. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162A6. What are you going to do about it? You fair. It's big. Oh, my avi child. What? At 5162WPA. You call that a jingle? Well, it was something she had to do. I think you are super 12-day. And I reckon if we're going to be retired network anchors together, we ought to start drinking together. Who'd have the, um, bottoms up. The sort of feet. They're nice. They have to tell. They're a twos. They can't deny. On broke all mountain. You talking in, sure, found a way to make the time pass up there. Oh, uh, well, we're just fishin' buddies. We'll come out and. And we shall knew that it could you, Tom broke us. No, I'm not. He's a force of nature. You know, Dan Ruther, it could be like this. Just like this. Always. Oh, come out and. Not showing. I'm moving. You want to see. I'm sure that right in here this man, you get right on the easier scene. You're going to start making, uh, whooping sounds. I'm taking it a whooping car. I'm telling ya. The few that started between Howard Stern and Opian Anthony, while both were employed by affinity broadcasts, things reaching new levels on satellite radio, we both party taking shots at the other. But while sitting in on Sean Hannity's program yesterday, if an有人 stern finally admitted to the long-wormward gag order that he had melcarmers on place on Opian Anthony, when they were having afternoon drive at WNW in New York. When Stern was asked by a caller about the gag order, he confirmed it by admitting that's right. I believe in censoring anyone who is my enemy. He also let it, I believe in censorship when it benefits me. Oh. I even took my pen underlined that statement. Okay. I thought I'll mash it. Haven't I always told you that? Yeah. That's why you're never going to hear any other real talent on that. Well, seriously. Because it's all about Howard. So all the rest of us can rotten hell. I'm going to read that paragraph again. When Stern was asked by a caller about the gag order, he confirmed it by admitting that's right. I believe in censoring anyone who's my enemy. He also let it, I believe in censorship when it benefits me. Playing back that audio on the rest of the satellite radio program this morning, Anthony noted that he had hypocrisy that statement by saying, he's been complaining that individual members of the FCC were putting their morality on his program. Instead of interpreting FCC law, which is exactly what he did with us. Early with the program, Stern had rest, open an Anthony by saying, when I'm in business with the company, they hire Howard Stern's imitators to go on in the afternoon, I don't want anyone knocking me. I have a plan every time I go up against people, I analyze the competition. I think about you six different ways to Sunday. I've got a lot of comments in it at the time, and said you two, your two boys that you hired who sound identical to me will implode. I give them three to four months. They're so desperate to be famous. They're going to do something stupid. If they can't talk about me, they're going to go insane. Watch. He laughed, since I made other predictions about radio, and I watched him implode. While it took three years of WNWB broadcasts for OP and Anthony as the stress Stern suggested implode, the duo has had a successful run at SM and recently revealed their negotiations for a new long-term deal. But going back to the Stern drama, OP and Anthony said they didn't start this feud, and it was Stern who started calling him copycats and felt threatened by their show. There's a long thing. Ready for a long thing? Sure. Let him in in New York City. We knew you don't come in in a Howard's backyard and started bashing him sitting. Anthony, what we did was slowly build up an audience. It happened to be his audience, driving home. We had a common audience. He saw that somehow as a threat. He saw there was potential for the OP and Anthony showed a given audience, and perceived it as some kind of threat to him. We didn't attack him as a human being Anthony continues playing. They were parody Stern. I would do impressions of him and suggest he wasn't as close to his audience as he was. He was swinging out to the handtons in the Howard copter. Instead of coming back to us on the earth and battling us that way, like he had with John DeBella and many other person out of his across the country, he went behind the scenes to know Carmesan, had him dragged us into his office and threatened us with firing. If we didn't stop talking about Stern. Hannity, appearing at OP and Anthony's program this morning discussing the Stern interview, tried to say Stern deserved credit for not dodging the subject. But OP and Anthony immediately cut him off, putting out that this is the first time in five plus years that Stern admitted it was behind the scenes that scenes were re-seems wrangling. They also pointed out that the issue went beyond OP and Anthony and I'm mentioning Stern on their program and included guests being blocked from appearing on their show. Once the BS radio insider told FMQB that at the time then K Rock program director Steve Kingston would block music artists from appearing on OP and Anthony's program a statement verified by a couple of anonymous record reps. There was an admission that were telling people not to appear on our show or explain Anthony. Back to the current day OP and Anthony and their pests have been wreaking havoc with forces of Stern's serious satellite radio channels. Recently Scott Ferrell's test run on serious was derailed by OP and Anthony's fan base as they indated and controlled the phone lines making it impossible for really get a call around the ear that wasn't the fan of OP and Anthony. Oh, for Scott. OP and Anthony have also been pointing out what they call more hypocrisy by Stern for taking off certain Fridays playing audio of Stern, robbing Quippers and Arty Lang. Discussing why it's important to be in the studio five days a week. If you're not there on Fridays you're doing the service you're auditing so Stern and the audio clip. If you're going to do this job then you show up every day and give it your best. Meanwhile, despite the nails by CBS radio that reported elsewhere, OP and Anthony and since they were absolutely contacted by the radio company to replace David Lee Raw. We've been negotiating with him a few weeks at OP. When it was first presented to us it was a done deal then you get lawyers going back and forth. OP and Anthony also told Hannity that the were major hurdles that needed to be cleared and they don't want to compromise the integrity of their program to interpret to rest your video broadcast standards. We love being on satellite radio set OP if it compromises our satellite radio shoot too much. We don't want to do it. How do you like that, huh? I'm going to read that line again. I believe in censorship when it benefits me. Nice. And ego bigger than the universe just absolutely unbelievable, okay? Hey, that's how it. How it's spanned. That's why when it was all this caring on about the FCC and it was always about him. They're out to get him. Not the rest of us who had our own issues with us. Not man, cow, not me, not anybody else on here. Whoever been you know, pass through the body of the FCC. It was all about the FCC and Howard. The whole world, it's a world of court to Howard. Oh, but anything I'm going to go like, you know, lay and bid with that. You ever looked at it? Ooh, yeah, right exactly. And by the way, the no job didn't help or it didn't help. It didn't help. Speaking of something, it needs a no job. When gratsky, what a segue. Gratsky's wife faces gambling, subpoena. Gratsky's wife of a subpoena to testify on a grand jury looks at charges in the case involving that betting ring. Allegedly run by an NHL assistant coach. New Jersey's attorney general said interview with the AP yesterday. Good. Get her ass. You'd like to. In the first major interview. The thing sworn in as attorney general six weeks ago Zulima Farber. I wonder if she's kind to be Farber. Who? Zulima Farber said that Janet Jones would be called a testify about the high state gambling ring as soon as the grand jury convenes. She'll be getting a grand jury subpoena so when a grand jury convenes, she'll get a subpoena Farber said she'll be served. She hasn't been because there's no grand jury at hearing the case. But she will. Farber said authorities were convene of grand jury to hear evidence in the gambling case relatively quickly. We're not talking years. We're talking weeks or months. Not years. She said. Gratsky and Jones have been linked to the ring allegedly run by Phoenix Cowdy's assistant Rick Tockett, a former NHL parent close friend of Cody's coach, Gratsky, Needle Mose. Jones is alleged to place large bets through Tockett. An attorney for Jones said last night that she has received any grand jury subpoena from the attorney of the court. The attorney of the court said that the court has been informed that she was a target of a New Jersey grand jury investigation. A Jersey state trip was accused of taking best while patrolling state highways and several current NHL players have been implicated as regular beters, they'll not have been charged yet. None of the players led to a major position in public identify by officials yet. I think it becomes a big case only because the names involved Farber said a thing would be a routine. If the message is a thing illegal gambling case, if the names of those people involved, however because there was a trip or involved, it was big to us. Farber said additional charges were likely in the case. And left over the possibility that charges can be brought against state police officers or other beters. I like that. Can't accept a man, can't accept a man. I don't know what a man does. And Jessica Simpson snob is bush, and a man who all of a sudden pushed. And I wonder if he's got that can tune under her bed. Turned into the sea. Chon, Chon, chicken of the sea. Right. Tuma. In fact, probably a bird flu. Concerned about politicizing her favor charity, singer actress Jessica Simpson yesterday turned on and am attaining me with US president George W. Bush. I stopped the left Republicans dismayed. All. First they had that, they had that portal actress invited to dinner again. Every Republican and a portal bitch having dinner at the White House again. And now they're trying to circle up to Jessica Simpson. Now that Nick finds a cut her dumb ass loose. The apparent final word that Simpson will be an old show at a major Republican fundraiser with Bush and corrector leaders came last night. After a day of conflicting reports from her camp and organizers of the event. The blond star of the film The Loose of Hazard Still Plants of is a Washington today. The lobby members of Congress on behalf of operations smile. An on-profit venture offering free plans to surgery. Produce of added children overseas with facially formalities. Well, that's kind of cute. Maybe she may help out that broad and France. The one that ought to give the refund. Oh, the face transparent lady. Yeah. I know it. It's brutal. I am. You're right. People close to Simpson since he declined a request to appear the same evening at the Gila Fundraise of the National Revolting Congressional Committee. Even after she was offered some private face time with Bush. Because operations smile is an on-partisan group. Oh, God, do I have a line for that? But it just feels wrong once Simpson said. It's sad to told Rhoidism Wednesday adding that the actress keeps her political views private. She would love to meet the president and talk about operations smile. But she can't do it at a fundraiser for other Republicans. It's never been a problem for Bono. He said referring to the YouTube Rockstar was not regularly with political leaders of all stripes, motorists, causes including third word that would, but you know what Bono, no to hell. We can't stand Bono. Can't stand him. He's supposed to be music any of these things. Although Simpson's publicist insisted she never had planned to attend the fundraiser, 40 said the actress initially accepted the invitation one was extended to it in an only change her mind the next day. I mean, who wants the first of all who wants to be seen there with the Titanic? Okay, jump on a sinking ship. A sinking, sinking ship. Never forgive her what she did for my boy nick. I got quite a bunch of my alerts. Hey, he couldn't help them. She made him a lot of money though. I'll say that. That's right. He made a lot of money for his stupid ass brother that has no talent. That's right. Oh, or a little leecher under her. That's true. Kind of like that whole Jackson family. And Mike. Kind of like that same thing. Ever seen Michael Jackson and we did cross be the same time same voice. Oh, I haven't. Love him. 27 a few a and we got less than an hour to go to Marlon's baseball. Wow, that's the way. Hallelujah. Beach Ford is gone mad. It's madness and March all this month at beach Ford. They just missed having a record month in February. So they're going to break it this month right as we speak. Right now, if standard camp forward F1 50s hours, little is 249 bucks a month, would just 9.95 down plus few of the pro credit and 39 month lease. Madness and March at beach Ford means you've got to be mad yourself. Not to take advantage of rebates and gigantic discounts. About to $10,000 and all new and use vehicles. But if you're not in the market for new car yourself, you know, somebody with sentiment to be a little bit more. Because if they take to the river this month during March, beach Ford will send you two out of bucks in cash. And like I tell you every day that money comes from their advertising budget. So they won't pass the $200 cost along to your friends price. Don't mess out of this once you're event. Beach Ford's madness in March, instead of camp forward one 50s low, as 249 bucks a month discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and $200 cash just for referring a friend. For your ass in there and say hi to Paul. Come at Neil Sanchabai to beach Ford. You'll find them two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street and West. See you, highway guaranteed. Will bet your grave reads life on it. You will love your beach Ford experience. This is a new rush. This is 5. 162. A. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8. Emm. I would be opening up early this morning, run for a year. It smelled like rotten carcass on a dinner plate. I pulled the cover up over my head, so I could believe. But your rumours keep in me way. Even though I know you never shave under your arms, I've been trying my best, that's complain. Reminds me of my toilet-rape burn. Leave your hand wash your hands, For sure keep it for your ever. I'm speechless for your armpits, your so stingy. It's not like can't be on my sweater, I'm a real wet tire, setter, I'm a fake arms on a schedule, and I'm saying you're so stinky. I'm a real loser, I went out driving holding me in the streets, because it smelled like someone's vomit, making me stale beer. I'm so scared, I get some feeling just a little bit tired of me. It's open nice for you, you know, it's a big thing. I don't have any blessing, Rept you my name, and I put it like woe, behold, when it works. Check your pulse, you smell like a corp burn, and leave your hand and wash your hands, for sure keep it for your ever. That's a sweet, thick ball, you're on it, you're so stinky. It's not like you can't be on that's the new bottle guy. They should have been right. I'm stuck in the last few days. They're just bombing and bombing and bombing around the clock. Better play that one. I'll call him down. Right. We're really well the first time. Tony and Huffington clash over a blog post. You know, this has been a stellar day. I think we had a Marlin game every day 12 or 15. We're such a great man. And then we're for you, sure. What about that Stern thing? I hope you open it. It's just nauseating. I'm good at it. Let's see. I don't like it anymore. I believe in censorship when it benefits me. Oh man, that is just, that's the epitome of what it's all about. Just like that, Tony, below anything. Well, I'm crawling a norm on the personally on behalf of the Howard. He wants us to get Neil on the, right. It's not about me. It's not about damn. It's not about anybody else. It's about, it's not about, bubble the love sponge. It's not about for hours. Life is about Howard. Life is about Howard. And that knows not here and booms. Associated Press, writer Los Angeles. So what's that? A soft edge shoe, right? It's George Clooney versus Ariana Huffington and stand off for the good night and good luck. Now, who is telling me that it's very dry and don't watch it? You mean, you see it? I'll sort it. No, I think you made a good pull. That is I've lived through it. I watched Edmoral every week, religiously on TV. And sitting there, saying smoking, which is why he died in nasty. It's very interesting, but all their conversations are like in slow. Maybe it's like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Kind of like that movie. I was telling you about the one with Nicole Kidman. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. That's a, see, I didn't realize I had seen it before because I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I told you. And we ran blown about that the first time about how screwed up. I was, but I'm glad I saw it again. And then that little kid that's so annoying. It's in the movie with the narrow gods, a send. Oh, brother. awful. Just kill that kid. The newly-mended Oscar winner says George Clooney that he didn't write a blog post in Monday on the commentator, how can we in his website? So he gave her permission to use the type compilation of his critiques to the rack war from interviews with Larry King, uh, and the London's Guardian. Miss something that's blog is purposely misleading. I've asked her to verify the facts, Tony, 44, send a statement of shooting yesterday. I stand by my statements, but I did not write this blog. You know, this whole blog thing other than last of it is which I do read all the time. Because I have a personal interest in, uh, making sure he's still hanging in there. But other than that, it's just, uh, too many bloggers, you know what I'm saying? Everybody's a blogger. Oh, and that reminds me of that fabulous, uh, your, your buddy, man, you were right when you discovered Doug Thompson. Capitalist. I was a little slow, come on. He's the one who's at that moment. In Monday's profanity filled posting, Democrats are faltered for muting their views and criticism of the Bush administration a month before the start of the rack war, toughening the night and they were on doing a rebutton on her website. Clean, she enters staff initially compiled a sample blog for Clooney from his interview answers because he wasn't sure how blog worked. And then said that after she sent Clooney to sample a firm publicist email, they went and had told me this morning that he's drinking at Wilson's grape juice. I just wanted to cry. Is there any hope? No. I told him he also said that after she sent Clooney to the so I mean, of all and like, don't be wrong. I love grape juice, especially well sure. Sure. I love it. But of all the things that you could, uh, either drink. So it's like a sugar infusion. It's like taking a syringe, right? Taking pure sugar water and injecting into your veins. Let me say I got great Jewish genes. I don't know. Often, instead after she sent Clooney to sample a firm publicist, uh, a film publicist emailed her and three days later, approval without any changes. This was an honest misunderstanding. She wrote an email saying that occurred to her between Clooney and the publicist. We based artists isn't supposed to be on the unambiguous approval we got in writing. Clooney's publicist, Stan Rosenfield, this agreed. Oh, if not a misunderstanding, it's misrepresentation. He said, she knows what she was doing. She was saying to people that she had George Clooney's blog and she was printing it. George Clooney doesn't make statements. He answers his questions. Rosenfield said Clooney had requested an attempt in a clarification of the posting. Clooney, who wanted to best of all by read, but read the bad, the read, uh, yeah. Good I could love. It was no crash, but never left. See, we're never there. They were a little more than I can enjoy watching, but like you said, I live through it in the Home of Cartoon thing and Bobby Kennedy and Jimmy Hoffa and Ed Murrow and all of this stuff. And the epitome of journalism. Doug Thompson writes, this ain't a blog. You know, this, the HB back to the days when we started our website and we were very naive and the stupid and young. Young we don't pull sure. You're going to have to play the blogger song now. You're getting me Jones and Ford. Do I have it? I think you do it's under blogger. Oh. The M-A-B. Yeah, it is. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. I have to keep in mind. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's who I am. It's me, the four of the fourly, when I go on, sorry. It's me, the fourly, when I go on, sorry. This is not talking about my shirt that's not going to act great. You can't believe that the people of the world are a fool of the world, but are for the activity of our law. There is a different way to look for shame and pay me prestige. And I believe that the origin might contain two of my things that as we've my stupid fingers are in kind of pain. But I can assure you that some unusual heavy audacity to call the owner, why that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Just because I believe the boundaries of the monarch will develop a subspace time shifter in sending the oldson twins back to friday or to establish the unshifts of bovinev. This is true. I have no picture in my profile. But I can assure you I reasonable the silver surfer. I've had a goodly amount of porn. I have my clear. I am just a speech in the fabric with the logo sneer. Or the evid may seem pathetic, but I have moved on my head a polygon prosthetic. It would be me to get a few more days on my extremely rare pops of pleaser. Yeah, I was good timing. Anyway, we got a good break this hour because we got the Marlon Pregame at 1215. We've only got two breaks because somebody really messed up. I don't want to say who. So that's good because it gives me time to go through this whole thing. And the first paragraph on is this ain't a blog by Doug Thompson Kevill Hillbloot. You this will be very familiar to you. There's a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It was a dimension as vast as space and timeless as infinity. Sound familiar? Showed out. The middle round between light and shadow between science and superstition and lies between the fit of man's fears and the sum of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It's the never we call the Twilight Zone. Thanks, Jennifer. A fun part of running a new site like Kevill Hillbloot was in a ration with readers. He writes. The only 500 emails today flow in over the electronic transcend reader ran our live of the discussion board most nearly 4,500 members and grows daily. Our daily email newsletter goes out to more than 150,000 readers. So at the beginning of the month I decided to try and blew his a blog style format inviting direct reader feedback toward daily news articles. For a while, it appeared to be a good idea. Lots of live that discussion on Kevill's excellent interaction with those who would ideas to share. Then the crazy's moved in homophobes, racist, conspiracy theorists and trouble makers whose goal was to control this website or to enter into a breeding ground for a hate for a Mongrion hyperbole. First rated writers were nice to grind to set it up for long essays and treat our common section as their own personal publishing system. That's not what Kevill Hillbloot was about. That's not what I've spent the last 1,5 years in my life building this website into a place where our readers can find unbiased news and a standard for accountability that applies the same rules to look at officials from all political persuasions. For the last 2 weeks, our email from readers ran 2-1 in favor of pulling the plug under rect article comments and returned to the old system of publishing news and using our reader ran forum for comments. On Wednesday, those who worked for me and contributed articles information in time to this website conducted an intervention that laid it on the line. Blue was not a blog against a news site, let's get back to bases. They conducted an intervention. Good. As we covering alcoholic, I know a thing or two about interventions. He says they spring from love. Capital Hillbloot was a collaborative effort by many people who share my love for the project. Blue was not a business. Never has been never will be. It's a labor of love. Oh there you go, Eric. It's a labor of love by dedicated group of volunteers who donate their ten minutes to put together the oldest political news site on the internet. From our moderators who run reader ran to the writers, editors and productions staff, open together a new site every day and to the readers who make this effort worthwhile, blue was many things. But an ain't a blog never has been never should be. Technorotty crashed some 30.7 million blogs and reports thousands more spring every day. 30.7 million blogs. Reduce confined many excellent blogs out of variety of topics, movie politics, which has always been a popular local point. More than 2,000 blogs lent to blue daily and Technorotty says we rank 1606 in links among the 30 million sites they monitor. But turn the man. Linkages of a most blogs provide a collection of links to information resources. A few original research, but most blogs political otherwise are one person's stream of consciousness sites based in a singular point of view, based in that person's political leanings or philosophical vent, linking only the articles and information that supports a singular point of view. A blogs often become the backyard fence of the internet, a place where neighbors got some of them spread unfounded information or wild-eyed speculation. While some of the same misinformation we found on purported news websites that are a little more than part of the news for parties or ideologies, but that the blogosphere is where you find the conspiracy claims that the CIA brought down the world trade center and similar tinfoil had theories. Over the past two weeks, those of us who worked to keep this website up and running have had to spend too much time dealing with flooding of the site by racist, hate mongers, political extremist and conspiracy buffs. In one day, we had to jug more than 2000 comments that used racial epithets threats of violence against elected officials of federal crime, or lobbyless, libelous comments. Last weekend, when my wife and I needed to deal with the emotional trauma of learning we couldn't save a pet we both love, I spent 12 straight hours on the computer protecting our system from a spam where we tried to disrupt the comment section of our news articles. All of this detract from our primary goal of uncovering and reporting news, we're here to serve the hundreds of thousands of readers who turned a blue for unbiased news and considered analysis not lose time dealing with a handful of disruptors who seek to separate the process for their own narrow purposes. So, blue returns today to with news format. We continue to encourage welcome reader comment both on our reader ran form and via email, and we're sure that those with something to save will use both of them. You still have to know how we feel. And I thank those who try to make our experiment a success by offering good ideas and reason to baton these his raised by our articles. Please continue to do so on our reader ran section or talk me via email. Here on the news side of blue, we also concentrate on the politically formed project we launched over the weekend. An additional soon launched new grassroots initiative and the increase in citizen involvement and politics and generating positive change in the system that's been ruined by money power green corruption. Lesson learned my apologies to our readers for the brief detail to really. Twilight cell. Did I raise your body? Good man. Yes, he is. And I do a nice head of a job. I'm like Brownie. They read the other one. Favorite cross-culture. How big of a foreign? He's my favorite cross-culture. He is. He's great. I say let's get him for personal. Tim straight. He qualifies. Of course I'm not sure what he's drinking in smoking money. He's a bit. He's a bit not drinking in the company. What simply doesn't mix is our poll question today. We got way over a thousand. We got it at one thousand and seventy six. Not even twelve thirty yet. Pretty impressive in it. Church in state three thirty nine. George Bush and the White House hundred seventy four. Jews in a red 152. All parts in driving ninety four. Sex in party ninety one. Folks and movie theaters eighty nine money in friendship 42. South Florida and hockey twenty six. What's that? Business in Family twenty three. Sex in food thirteen. Radio and dumb jocks eleven. I'm under third listening cross the street. I'm sure they are. Too bad Joel. Guns in blues ten. The erogist show in phone calls. Sultiment they trace three. Humans in Democrats three. Dolphins in a Super Bowl two high school emotive recruiters two. Panthers in the playoffs one old parts of movie theaters one. And like I said Panthers in the playoffs. Nobody cares first and at first last in between. They don't care. They can care less. First say let's see. They made a playoff three times this. The franchise. The like I said nobody cares. And they haven't they've won one playoff game since whatever that. What was that one going to see your remember what they're. Eight eight not whatever long time. Ninety-some. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. It's Guitar choke. Jord is got a card. I'm calling you possibly one is the question. Yeah. five bucks? How much? 10? 10 bucks? No, 400. Cost 10 bucks to get in. Yeah, I'm saying. Well, some say you sped on you. I don't know the exact amount. I like this. I spend 10 bucks while your family is home starving. That's right. Good thinking. With lightning twist speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board. You could put a tuna under the abit without money. Today you can get on board for just 9.95 months or two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL-15 up to a hundred times faster than dial up or throw in out with high button shoes. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast action means you'll be flying to the Internet. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get into the access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rhapsody Radio Plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you also get mac and PC security tools included so you can rest assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what do you wait and for start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before. Son up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or too much or whatever range without it. In Dave called 305 Comcast and of course in 9.54 Comcast. This is Neil Roger. What's all this? And hold it. We will American A-holes. We surge you. Mr. Roadcomb placement engineer. After testifying against the Neat Order Leaning, your membership to the team's union has been revoked. Now the FBI is who'd you up with a swank child? Writing up a back of a pickup truck but Pete hours a day. You weigh your car odds with pride. As you strategically arrange your barrens done steps and enjoy the obscene gestures of the drivers you are so gallantly trying to protect. After you're three hour lunch break, you make another pass. Replacing the pylon so recklessly knocked over by old ladies and student drivers. With your Timberland boot, given you a confidence drive, you pick up those cones faster than a metallic erodeon. Prouding your form into patch your on a back and say, job well done and ow, so we surge you. Mr. Roadcomb placement engineer. You're a real American A-holes. How did you like that? 1222 at 560 I'll tell you what we like that Marlins. We love the Marlins play. Every day come on, every day would be good. On you round. On the snow. We'll be fine with the snow. We'll be fine with the snow. We'll be fine with the snow. We'll be fine with the snow. On dotted by the difficult one, a rack president, Bois, we affirm his first ride policy against service enemy nations today and said, I ran, they posed the biggest challenge for a mirror her. What he said. He also said, Abugar, rape, and a 49-page national security report. The president said diplomacy is the U.S. preference in holding the speed of nuclear, a nuclear, and other heinous weapons. I wonder if he was famous heinous. If necessary, hi, ever under longstanding principles of self-defense, we do not rule out the use of force before attacks occur. Even if uncertainty remains just in the time and place of the enemy's attack. Now there's a wonderful way of feeling like it or have. All I think they might just be the ones that they did was well, but I've known that a man, of course, we know who the work, we're going to get the troops to do these things. Just in 700 more, they do a rack to be human sacrifice, but nevertheless. And speaking of the great care, we're taking the troops. And the fact that these grave robbers are just a bunch of greedy lunatics, and that's the nicest thing I can say about them. How a burden company failed to protect the water supply, paved to purify for U.S. soldiers throughout a rack. That nice? Lovely. Let him drink soil. However, to protect the water supply, it's paid to purify for U.S. soldiers throughout a rack in one instance, missing contamination that could have caused mass sickness or death, and internal company report concluded. Report obtained by the A&P. Said the company failed to assemble a news that's own water purification equipment, allowing contaminated water directly from the U.F. radius river to be used for washing and laundry. It can't air Ramah camp our Ramahty in Ramahty Iraq. So, it's fair is exactly right. Now that's not just to the water, but to Haliburne. Or remember at the beginning of the war, we were posting all those stories about how they worked delivering food or transfer water, or anything. All of the overcharging work of the U.S. are going to eat and write. At least they're consistent. The problem is discovered last year with that site poor training, miscommunication and lack of record-keeping, occurred at Haliburne's other operation throughout a rack. Counting a country wide all camps suffered a stomach stent from all or some of the efficiencies noted, willed Ranger. See the water quality manager in the war zone for Haliburne's KBR Kellogg Brown and Roots of City, where it wrote in his May 2005 report. AP reported earlier this year allegations from whistleblowers about the camp our Ramahty incident, but Haliburne never made public Rangers in turn or before led you wider problems. They kept it mum as you would expect. The water quality and expert warn Haliburne and the problems we'll have to be dealt with at a very elevated level of management to protect the health and safety of U.S. personnel. We don't give a damn about U.S. personnel, okay? Or their health or their safety, that's plain and obvious. Couldn't possibly be who are obvious. Haliburne said yesterday conducted a second review last year that found no evidence of any illnesses in Iraq from water and believe some of its earlier conclusions were incomplete and inaccurate. The company declined to release the second report. The company declined to release the second report. How do you like that? Another line that needs to be read again. Howard Stern says, I believe in censorship when it benefits me. God, that is just, it's just, it's just grow test. In other words, I want everything to be about me and let's sense everybody else because they don't have that hairy hypocrite. What a crap crap crap. I say crap or crap of crap. A crap of crap of crap. A crap of crap. It's a beautiful harvest of it. And internet chat room met streamed video of live child molestations have been shut down in 27 people of insurance with online child pornography offenses, federal authority city, yesterday and there's a picture of alternatively virtual VIO 5 who looks like he did just keep it on his banana boat. I wouldn't be surprised if he came into that tunnel in Permeister, you know what? That wouldn't surprise me either. Nice hair, by the way. Just as the Department of Immigration and Customs and Force officials are still looking for one suspect after an undercover sting operation shut down a website called Kitty Picks and Kitty Vids. It wasn't for exactly how many suspects have been arrested for Randall Sandborn, a spokesman for the US attorney's office in Chicago said most have been arrested. Randall Sandborn, I want to be his kid to the chasing Sandborn people. One of the set of molestations victims was younger than 18 months. Four miners under the age of 12 were also shown on the internet side of the email listed. I wanted the Catholic Church to have a whole other website. Immigration and Customs Assistance Secretary Julie Myers yesterday described the chairroom as molestation on demand. The name of the two videos listed in the end statement are explicit. One suggests that one of the victims was a 70 year old girl. Lovely. And speaking of fun and games, Sony Corp. will delay the launch of its much anticipated PlayStation 3 console until November prolonging the agony and only for itself, but also for many others in the video game industry. Aren't you depressed? No. Well, why not? I'm sure that I'm sure you're already got the PS2. Well, I'm sorry. PS2, my ass. That's old news. It's a joystick. That $10 that you just toss away in its stupid hoops card. They have to win this. All right. And how much can you win 40 bucks? 400. 400. 400. Like I said, good move. Gambling, man. That's where it's said. Let's just all tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I think if that stuff would be tasty. Good tonight. I just might not be here tomorrow. I'm just going to take a big sign. Big cardboard sign. I'm going to, like, of course, I don't know where to how I get it though. That's from another. The fact is that it's been on the such great demand. That's why a lot of those people were peoed who posted the things on the Amazon.com because they couldn't keep up with the customer demand. So as bad as some people say it smells and taste them whatever in the uh uh and I just really doubt that because it's just flat and I'm like regular pasta, which swells up on your crooked, you know? You know how it does. Yes, I do. It swells up swell. Like this doesn't do that. You just wash it off real good. You rinse it and then you parboiled a couple of minutes and just heats it up, but it doesn't like you span. A little curious. And it's also very high in fiber they said so that like especially if you dive in ad diet and babies, it's a lot better for them. Well, it's as great choose, Humper. I just mentioned that in passing, Humper. Can Couture, you had a Sony's video game's division said Sony is still trying to finalize the copyright protection technology other standards for the Blue Ray DVD. You know something? Who cares about this? I'm care about this. Right. Maybe some of the, I don't really care if they do either. Right. Good. I'm more concerned about the HD DVD player and this. That's right. They told she will want to supposed to be out sometime this month. I think maybe you had a google ad for me. What am I looking for? I got 22 minutes. I bigger part. So she was there. She was there. She was just a Google to achieve the HD DVD player and it causes it to supposed to be out sometime this month. And I want to be one of the first ones to have it. Not because I care about being first because I just want to have it. Although of course it's kind of useless, you know? So I have it's like having a fall season, having a toothbrush. See, see my point? I say it not too much to a point and go to the official to sheber store. Remember that's where I had about how they got their thing. And of course then there's going to be the other one from Sony and somebody else who I would have had a hell of it is the end of the year. Because we can ever agree on one. It's always this crap. Well, you got to buy our brand. Just like the VHS net beta. Oh, yeah. Anybody else that's got a beta VCR good luck to you. Okay. Well, what you're laughing about? How did they know supposed to be a better quality was supposed to be this, but it would be better to remember the big pitch. I do. Well, this thing's taking forever to load for some really. Oh, don't tell me. You go. I actually done it myself, man. This computer is faster than grease lightning. I don't think I'm coming up. What is it? I'm on to Sheber's official site and they don't have anything for sale yet. That's all. Just keep your eye peeled on that baby. 113 votes on a pool. And it's only a 1230. We had 114 plus votes. That in 40 cents a buyer, a fraction of one of them basketball cards. What simply doesn't make church in state? 351 George Bush in the White House. He's moving to the second place. He's got a long way to go to church in state. Long way to go. He's got one in need too. When has he been making fantastic big goose stepping strides, those and so early before. Oh, hey. Good stuff. Thanks to ever fast set in. Jews in the A-Rabbs 153. Old Farts in driving 97. I forgot to get that halavada. That's bad. It's got sugarwin and I'm sure there's got load of a carbs. That's a taste like taste like cardboard. Why don't I want that? Don't do sex in party 93. Party. That was, that I want to hasten to point out that was Sean's term and that's more like it. Black folks in movie theater is 92. Money in friendship 42. South Florida and hockey 26. Business in family 26. Sex in food 13. Guns in booze 12. Radio in Dunn, jocks 12. O. J. Cubans in Democrats, Quattro. Neo-Ragosho in phone calls 3. What we take in sugar seven today? At least dolphins in the Super Bowl 3. High schools in military recruiters two. Panthers in the playoff still only one could still nobody cares and are used to it anyway. And old Farts and movie theaters only one. How about a little louder? This is Neil Rogers. This is 562. A. Oh. It got those checkered pants. Hey, it's Ali. Ali David. Welcome back to the Mohalibaba Show. Where would Chuck Bullo Zayney but good clean family one. I'm here and you're there. It's a tight-up phrase. You know that pipe smoke and things rape is funny. Is that funny, man? What? What? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What's it you require of me? I require you drive your veins. Now see he's right now. I don't know if I can just do a good job of it. We own a dirty like a name. Get your hands up. Get out of there. That's a face. That's like a house. Don't touch my delicate suspenders. Let me say everybody will rape me. I feel like the choice is not that why. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't mess. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Did you hear that? That's it. I got a last easy. Let's help my hand. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. What are you some kind of fairy? Dang it. What do you know about the inquire you're more on? I've been right back to know the difference. We suppose to be talking about sports here. This is fought free of your over here. We love men. I'm just point on it. I don't plan to get paid by the good boy. I'm going to make some matter. It is great. Hey, for you understand? You can maybe let our polar links or sit just out of my pants. Okay. I'm going to do it. It's a joke. You're moron. Stop. Oh no. There's bars. Show them my pants. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oh. You say you're a hell. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What? Oh. Can I help you? Oh. You see what? I'm going to get in the air. Keep getting raped. Did it. Joe, look into it. Ryan, oh my. Thanks a lot. It's about time. Some blood. And it's out of drop your pain. And I said drop your pain. There's a smoke candle. Give you something to do while you're watching golf. Like good. Or in the hot liquid in your eye. Or like this. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oops. Oh. And I look what you made me go. I can't get paid. So it's not been lied. Oops. You want to walk my show? You're doing your told. So get over me. Man, that's right. You're now coming. I got over there. Come here. The coming. I'm up. I'm up there. Over here. Oops. Those. The pizza. Oh. I did not feel guilty to go. Those. The pizza. Now see here. I ain't no pie. My blood. Those. The pizza. I did not see. Oh. Look at that. You only had one slice. Footsteps and gloves on a glass glass. See if anybody's inside. Help me. Oh. Wow, so little clothes. I can't like that. Oh, my God. I'm sweating. Please. Boom. Boom. Boom. Oh, you're a tough guy. I had. Why? I ought to. Boom. Boom. Boom. Now see here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Now, right there. I got my stuff aside. I'm a little pouxie. I stand before you now. Okay. Let me bless you, my son. I'm going. I need to go. I'm going. I'm going. Oh, my God. Well, perhaps you'll find your mother, my tutor, is it? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what you're doing. It's all the way. It's all the way. I don't know. I'll never find the answer. Boom. Boom. Of course it's worth what that I have to review. Why I don't have the answer. Yes. Good morning. I go home now. Who is yours? Watch out for Mr. Wittles. Please. What? Look at this flowery! It's OK! With a Studio Fish. We've got a screen. Oh, good! Yeah one piece ofaraus for 500 bucks per hour. Oh, God, I gotta 끼ze this. That's what I answer. But kiss my dad. It's a DVD. Well, $0. Well, I've said it was sure in my sim though, eh? Well, it's kind of a mix bag. Somebody says, big and a mix bag for the poor sufficient guarantee marriage. Right. What anGivey Fortune, economic life and marriage. I hate this in America. You know, I'll take myになussen with George Eastern War Thunder. He's Ho losing his marından married son's finemame! Something good song,vel. Good song title. Anyway Bob hitting his hands. They bob herbert writes, stop Bush's word, which we say. In New York Times today, he says, by some estimates, according to the A-reest article in Foreign Affairs, the number of Iraqis who have done as a result of U.S. invasion is reached six figures. In other words, 100,000 are mole. We're passing more than to make killed by all international terrorists in all of history. Sanctions on Iraq probably were necessary cause of death or an even greater number of Iraqis, most of them children. Not everyone agrees that Iraqi deaths have reached six figures. President Bush gave an estimate of 30,000. Not 30, man. Not too long ago. Probably low, but horrendous nevertheless. In any event, there is broad agreement that the number of Iraqi slaughteres has reached into the tens of thousands, and ocean of blood has been shed in Mr. Bush's mindless war, and there is no end of this tragic flow in sight. Jeffrey Gettelman of the Times gave us the following chilling paragraphs in Tuesday's paper. In Sotter City, the Shiite section in Baghdad were the four terrorist suspects were executed. Government forces have vanished. The streets have ruled by aggressive teenagers with shiny soccergers, these and machine guns. They set up roadblocks and poke their heads into cars, detainment, whoever they want. Mosques, blaring warnings on loudspeakers for American troops to stay out, increasingly the Americans have been doing just that. Everyone who thought this war was a good idea was wrong and out of a minute. Those who still think it's a good idea should get therapy. Last Friday in Saturday, a conference title Vietnam and the presidency was held at the John of Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston, discussions about the lessons we've felt learned from Vietnam and thus a failed or applied or rack were pervasive. Some of the lessons seem to embarrassingly basic. Jack Folletti, who served as Special Assistant to Lyndon Johnson, reminded us how difficult these to impress democracy on other countries. And he noted something that the public and the politicians seem to forget each time the global brand new wars upon us that wars are inhumane, brutal, callous and full of the pravity. Think, Aburgar, red and gitmo. Think suicide bombers and death squads and roadside bombs. Think of the formerly healthy men and women who've come back to the US from Iraq, paralyzed or without their arms or legs or eyes or the full use of their minds. Think of the many thousands of them dead. Most of the people have thought this war was a good idea. Also thought that the best way to fight it was with other people's children that in itself is the form of the pravity. Among those who played a key role in the conference was David Halberstein, not your friend, the other one. The author of the best in the brightest was he's not just the best book about America's development in Vietnam, but it looked that grows more essential with each passing year. If you read it in the 70s or 80s, we need to again. We can all use a refresher course on the link between Folli and Madness at the High Slavos of Government and the all-but unimaginable suffering you can unleash. In the books, Apple, I'll miss your help, or stand, both at the same time. President Johnson and the men around him wanted to be defined as being strong and tough. The strength and toughness encouraged were exterior qualities which would be demonstrated by going to a clean and hopefully antiseptic war with a small nation rather than the interior more lonely kind of strength and courage of telling the truth to America and perhaps incurring a good deal of domestic political risk. That latter kind of toughness is what's needed now and waiting Iraq was a disastrous move by the Bush administration and there's no satisfactory solution for it coming. The White House should be working cooperatively with members of both parties in Congress to figure out the best way to bring the curtain down on U.S. involvement. Before that can begin to happen, the administration left the riddance of the delusion that things are somehow going well on Iraq. The democracy that was supposed to flower in the Iraqi desert and then spread throughout the Middle East was as much a mirage as the weapons of mass destruction. President Bush continues to assert that our goal in Iraq is victory. General Peter Pays, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff recently told Tim Russet on face on the meet the press, things were going very, very well on Iraq. They're still crawling toward the mirage. It's time to give reality a chance. Let's talk here for a few more time. Just got to some right on it. You go, Bob. That's going, Bob. You go. The area in Brotherhood recruits sociopaths and inmates willing to kill about his hesitation a former leader of the prison gang testified yesterday in the conspiracy and racketeering trial of four of its leaders. And a picture of one of these really fine-looking guys right? Oh, brother. Looks a little like somebody we know. Are you sure convicted killer Clifford Smith who sat shackled and chained at the witness scene in war of black eye patch was the first witness called by prosecutors one of the largest death penalty cases in the USA. Not everybody wants to kill somebody. Some people are kind of squeamish about that stuff. Smith who admitted committing eight murders and directing at least 10 more. Send him to describing the were in May welcome to the area in Brotherhood also known as the brand. You know the brand? No, what brand? Asked by prosecutor, Brand X. Oh, asked by prosecutor to further describe a candidate for the notorious prison gang. Smith was in protective custody after dropping out of the gang, clopping with authority said, a sociopath, oh, how about starting with ourselves department? Area and brotherhood chief, Barry, the bear and mills, top of the ten and taler to Hulk of Bingham, Christopher Gibson and Edgar Snail Hevel, are charged with ruling US prisons through a murder assault and intimidation. The defendant said they're not a criminal gang with prisoners who banded together to survive. The fence lawyers are giving their government cases filled on testimony from convicted felons willing to lie in exchange for leniency. Smith, recall joining the area and brotherhood shortly after arriving in prison in 77, I wanted in because I'm a predatory set. The prison is made of two types of people, predators or prey you have to pick one. In order to get into the brand, if prospective member must kill somebody in spectacular fashion and vowed inevitably in the group, he said, and his initiation was stepping in federal inmates 37 times in full few of the guards and other prisoners. It was meant to be a public end of execution, Smith said, even Jesus Christ in his disciples are not going to help if we want to get you. Even Jesus ain't going to help you. I didn't like that. Not even. You can say, if you rise, that's right. Not even him. Even with those fancy sandals and that really nifty head year. The fence attorney's used their cross examination to Smith and Bertram is a liar, saying he was hoping to win parole someday from the maximum security prison where he's housed. After Smith told Jersey until the truth about testimony in two trials involving members of the House Angels motorcycle gang, the fence attorney Michael White played a tape as Smith telling a sheriff's deputy in 98 that he had lied during those cases. White then accused Smith of being evasive on the witness stand, looking for a way out of being caught in purgery. That wasn't a way out. He said, you caught me. Smith respond. I wouldn't know where I got my ass. But whatever that means. Really classy folks. I straighted it too, by the way. I'm a liar. I mean, sure if you want to be a degenerate like yours truly, a function you've got out of woodbond or just on those advanced book cards like Josh and George, log on to WCUM.com and make your picks were saw bell sounds whoops this area. Picks are made round by round, round and round, round by round. So start making your first round selections right now. Use it with the most points at the end of the tournament wins a grand prize of a thousand bucks. See, that's the one you should have gotten into. I mean, 400 that's chicken feet. Right. I mean, I'm starting out with low, you know. It's starting slow. That's right. Nice. Kind of a dish. Marlon baseball, we got company men. We've always gone decked 1250, oh yes, that time was real. We're not too happy but we're going to have to leave really, but we got another same spot. We're pretty angry about it. Are we? Yeah, yeah. Marlon's at the end of the world five. Jim Mandel's manager, Jeff D'Ali, a baseball man. After the exhibition is baseball. The Roberto Longo show when Geli has the West Market in both his six three to seven seven seven seven of the clock is three can't highlight a pretty close our state council, just the anger and drive 40s of the way that we're a bunch of our best those of. Uh, but. I'm sorry to mention. He's in the teachers. Now all you need to do is get 265 bucks. You get a couple of 20,000 of an act of worry about tomorrow. Oh, okay. Yeah, 265 right aside in your all-pro. Then just the anger in the studio at nine, which he's been having to make the fast run against. But that's right. And any case on my line of city can't recognize. Cuzding things ever loving brains in. It's a fun year. God's saving. Thank you so much. I thank you so much for that. I've got our four for least eight consistently. You jackass. You lunatic. Hey, casino stand. I have so much. Don't call me again. Whatever. Please. It's a. I think it's amazing. It's a. It's just fantastic. It's a big deal. It's with lasers. It's with lasers. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yo, I've always wanted to do this. What is it? It's not the music we'll quick like that. What would you do? I would do this. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We don't have our music in it. We don't have our music in it. That's the movie. You. Oh. Oh, for you. It looks like part two. You don't have to watch part one. It's part two. We've got it all. So many minutes. They're the best investment in time and you'll like it. We'll even know what to be one of the most fun. We'll watch it. Watch it in the lead. I'm dying. I'm dying. You're fair. I'm dying. Thanks.