All right, Neil's back. Yeah. You on better? No, little bit. What's up with you? The blood pressure, high blood pressure, band headaches. I was going to love that I got up this morning, but then the last hour and a half. A lot of idiots coming in there. Yeah. Troy's transferred. Clarence. Oh. And so now by the time I'm here with him, I'm ready to go back to bed. Don't let it get you. Yeah. What you told me, just think about that check. Yeah. If you, if you'd have been in the same position as I was Friday night at Pompano Park, finding out that they're trying to like, extort money from your clients, you wouldn't have been too happy about it either. You were even off. They were not. Oh, Pompano had a problem with us. Oh, no. They have a problem that died in Nobby. That's okay. At least they crawled on them. Go stream our call over last week, closing weekend. Yeah. Nobody called them to get copy. That's because the places in total state of dysarray. I hate to sound negative, but the places in case you haven't noticed is in a total state of dysarray. No matter what the question is like, well, who's the general manager this week? I don't know. I don't know. No matter what they are the week is it. I don't know. You know. So yeah, we're trying to squeeze five grand out of Pompano to like fund this best of Neil 30th anniversary CD, which we're not going to have one by the way. It wasn't my idea in the first place. But nobody ever bothered to tell me about that. And I told Steve Wolf, I said, if you people paid out money, I'm going to be so pissed off. I said, don't do it. Cancel it. And they did. Can you imagine that? What a millions of dollars in damage that they just had there and just, you know, missed a month of racing and they're trying to like put their whole program back together again. And, you know, and they just go and put the full court press. Let's slow them off here. I've only had them on for 30 years. They, you know, to the let's spot go away. Yeah, it's not like we were oversold here. And that's, you know, you just don't get that money back. Steve, you were right. Like I told you last week, you sure had your thumb on it about him. Yeah, why? No question. So, yeah, ghosting opens today. Well, I hope you'll be a good talker betting it. I will not be there. Oh, no, I said it called him. I know, I'm done. I opening day card is brutal. Eight races. In fact, I noticed I read in the paper because I was there for the three days over the weekend and believe you me, I don't want to come back there anytime soon. But they're encouraging people to go to call their advanced stream because I wanted to see the places and finish yet and we want you to be disappointed. Well, it's their smart that way. You know, I took the tour on Saturday and it's, you know, it's going to be a, you know, it's going to be a, the slot and forium is going to be incredible. There are a lot of seats facing the race track. There's probably a good idea. Yeah, right. Why would you want to see the race? It's the upper right. So, you know, they've got this big centerpiece walking circle that's behind the building that is spectacular looking, but it's, you know, they're going to, you sit there and watch races on big monitors. And, you know, the Simon cast rooms. It's all about that. Yeah, I think they only have about three or four thousand seats that actually, well, that's a race track. That's enough. Yeah. Well, some days. But it'll be nice. I'm not going to judge it. Let people live up the other people do that. See how they like it. That's right. Go out there and tundra and go to that. Yep. And please go to Pomp and O Park because they got any free to cost to that five grand that they were not going to pay, but they might have had to pay. I wonder how many. I got the literature because Steve will give it to me. So I have the evidence. It's really scary. I'm going to talk about this on the show today. It's just, it's frightening to me. And I'm nothing about this. Absolutely nothing. I didn't either. So is that Troy's a counter? Yes. Oh, he was in there for 50 minutes. It's more in front of me as stroke. Troll. I have a book. I have a book. But I have a book. But I have a book. But I have a book. But I have a book. But I have a book. So I take back what I've already said. I'll, you know, about Troy's dread for a nice guy. Just another sales guy. So I think like, Gostry, what we ought to do is say, hey, all you, radio people out there, all you listening to is somebody else. Go over to 790 and try them. We'll let you know. We'll start running maybe an ad campaign. We'll run a sandwich board. Maybe we'll get one of those planes that flies the message like Jeff Cohen does. Those banner planes. Okay. And the coast is clear. You can come back now. We've got our act back together again. We know what we think we don't what we're doing. It's amazing to me. It's just astonishing. I went and advertised our mind on Sunday. I'm beginning to feel like the people I'm endorsing. I want to go see them to make sure everything's okay. Yeah. Well, no, I'd start to see. As I have no idea how many more of these things have been passed out and how much more money to try to restore it from sponsors. I get the feeling that the company is trying to make it into a money grant for themselves. Like, remember that online auction they had that embarrassment? I, uh, remember that? This is your time, we're on the ground. I said, what the hell's that all? He says, oh, well, it's another revenue stream for the company. Yes, it's stream on this. Yeah. Stream my ass. Mr. Company man. Well, by the way, the coal miners, they're all still alive. It was a mistake. First they were alive. Yeah. Not about that. Now we're going to say they were alive again. Oh, they are? They told them. They told the families now that, oh, we made a mistake. They're dead. Yeah. They're always. They died. Yeah. Yeah. It's not fun. And we're supposed to be whipped up into a frenzy about that. There's people dying all over the place every day. But this is the TV event, do you, you know? Like the other day it was the fires in Oklahoma. Hour after hour after hour. Thank God there was a lot of football games on us on our container. Yeah. Lots of games to bet on. Yeah. Not a good pick on a dolphin-patre game, by the way. No, well, I didn't know the place where any SPN Saturday morning or was it Sunday. When we went to bed day. Well, you know something, I didn't know the Brady was going to play a quarter. And in Bill, I just got the nerve to get as much as I love him. He's got the nerve to come on and say, well, we didn't take that game. How could anybody say that? They told me they picked the starters for one quarter. And the fact that they have fluency do that drop here. That's a tell you how seriously they did. They didn't want to see Pittsburgh in the first round. That's what that was all about. I'll guarantee you that when that kid came off from a day after they scored the last touchdown, and we were a couple of seconds left. Yeah. And the kid met Castle, whatever his name is, quarterback. He went over to the sideline and you're a team of ballets. I told him if you complete this past, don't ever show up here again. The guy was open. Yeah. He was wide open. Yeah. And he overthrew him by like 10 yards. Yes. Then what ball was it close to him? Now, who would you rather play Pittsburgh, which is what I'm saying? Well, they got in the last. Jacksonville, which is like, you know, got a good record, but they basically a girl's team. Uh, we'll see. But they, you know, they definitely didn't want to see Pittsburgh. It was no question about that. And now they will see Pittsburgh either because. And you notice in the frame, the second quarter after they took Brady out and the starters, the crowd started getting really pissed off. And I don't blame them, you know. If you're going to take a game and not play the starters, don't don't turn. You give people a rebate. You'll give them money back. Those people have been loyal for a long time. Yeah. Right. Good luck with that. Yeah. So anyway, I picked up the paper today and lead on the Penn State. Game is in Florida State. Two old men shared a late night out. And I'm thinking, it's me and Eddie Kaplan. Yeah. So big and a old man. I'm so glad you brought that up. Now, this Joe Pa, what's he ever liked him in the first place? He just, I just hadn't said about him in noise me. But his behavior on the sideline, if it was any other coach, anywhere in the US, he would have gotten kicked out in the first quarter, but it kicked his ass off the field. He's like a half a step away from what he has. He behaves like a crazy person. He's been like that for a couple of years. He's a single play. He's swearing and screaming. And the veins are popping out of his forehead. He's a crazy person. I mean, I really don't hear the damn what you guys think. That's him. That's him. Crazy person. Well, I learned something the other day when I was watching the Notre Dame game in high definition. I kept reaching the Interpet and Brady Quinn on a shoulder, tried to give him some encouragement, but they were outman. Yeah. But I learned something that Woody Hayes claimed that he never played Notre Dame, never put him on a schedule, because he didn't want to divide the Ohio Catholics or what are these? Well, a lot of that. But our top out there is that's such a freaking lie. Right. Man. You know, these empire building coaches, you know, the bear Bryant and Bobby Bowdman, and he said, I'm going to get a life already. Will you please? What is that all about? That is their life. That's pretty sad. Very sad. Well, I'm glad you're feeling better. No, I'm pretty good this morning. And now my head is, I might just go back to bed. I mean, I did the crossover. We had a pretty good time here this morning. I might just go back to bed. Yeah. I'll do the rest of the show. Until they stop bugging the craft. Sure. Sure. You're there. Thank God for him being here yesterday because there's no way I could've done that show. Yeah. I had a trip back here from from hell. Oh, that's another thing. I don't know if you fly for a lot of day or my own year for it. For a lot of day. That was my first experience there in years. Now coming in, it was okay on Friday. It was fine. But I came back. It's my bed. Although it may be it's like this every day. But I came back. What the hell day that I come back? Monday. Monday. Monday. Saturday. Busy a stay or the year. Oh my god, that place was a manhouse. Yeah. And then you go through security and they had this zigzag line that just zigz and zagz and it goes on forever when you think is there ever any security check it or is this just a joke. Man. And that place was just they have too many flights. I was in terminal for air Canada. And they have too many damn flights. Like every five feet and other flight they got like four seats. You know? And everybody is standing and milling around my flight was an hour late because of which was an hour late because of incoming was an hour delayed because of mechanical. And I'm like wandering around or wondering like here's San Juan and here's Montego Bay and here's Jamaica Mon and etc. Speaking of Jamaica Mon, speaking of Jamaica, you know that there's a population of Jamaica of two million people and there are many murders they had last year. How many? 1630. The bees who make this population? The bees who's having house down there. Huh? Did you know the bees who have a house there? Go on, let's take a place for them. I found me figured out what to do, making it as like the best. A good machine gun. Man. People always said hi, crime rate. A good machine gun. Yeah, they like care kiln each other. And anyway, have a great day. Don't lose too much and they're opening day card. You know, you got to like see that. I will not be. I'm not gambling today. Come on. What kind of what kind of spirit is that? They need your money. That's what horses are hungry man. They're having a soft opening might they call it. Yeah. I know some people like that. I'll be outside today. That's what I heard about screw in. I wouldn't know, but I'm saving myself for Saturday. Okay. Okay. What Saturday? That's when I'll be going back to the operation until Saturday after today. Oh, I see. Now, are we going to have spots on promoting this or not? Uh, I don't think they're advertising. Ha ha ha ha. A Gulf stream. Gulf stream is not running a lot of advertising. Oh, I see. They don't want people there. Right. Until they get there. They're all the way. Hey, listen, all your people out there. Gulf stream opens today, but don't go there. Whatever you do. And last year, they gave the other station the budget, which makes me think they want people there last year either. Yeah. And I'm sure they succeeded very well. Have a great day. Thank you. And I'll call you from bed. Hope you feel in better. See ya. Oh, God, you're breath so beautiful. The nature yet act to still on the ground. The government is still in your face. They go bend those where it's all belong. So they can't eat, drop on you. All these things will rise to go away. They can put a camera in your room. Our four fathers wouldn't be surprised. We're all leading the graves now. Now you'll know what's actually going to do it right. To move your finger on right. With the free and full name whites behind. Back home. Okay, church, to her stuff. But my friend, my family now chied up. My gold daughter can be fast. But I've heard my tea day can be too fast. Get a fruit and a stand. Boots are round and they're in the place. I can't do it. So find out what is life. To have no pride in his life. Abu Gara, 1013, 560, W. Wednesday, January to 4th. My first show of the New Year. You've said it about that or what? Well, I'm not. I'm a little scared, actually. Why is that? Because I'm afraid that you might fall over any minute. I just might act to you. You know, if those people, I'm going to make the body guard the audio from now on. Okay, if Doug Kozina is okay, because he's supposedly selling the show, which is about time somebody does. But if those other people come in like the sales holes or Clarence, especially if you just come get out. I just leave the old man. That's right. When you were your witness to it, like about an hour and nine stop aggravacinous morning. Yeah. And I put all my fingernails off the whole while. Were you really? Yeah. It's probably the choice thing. I could just hear, you know, your blood pressure. Well, I finally got involved out. I went made my vehicle. I microwave bacon. I just couldn't take no more. You're not fooling anybody. Troy, all you are just another sales holder wants to take the money and stuff in your pocket, which we all got to eat. You know, it's fine. But that's it. Everything I have to do is for him. And what am I going to drive a Corvette? Oh, oh, oh, yeah. You're an idiot, Troy. You're just a skin-headed idiot. And I hope you and the sales manager have a great life together. Maybe he and the Curtis can loop. And that's Curtis Raymond Burr by the way. I don't want anybody to think we're talking about Curtis Stevenson, who we like a lot. Who's a good guy who's on the year. But this is our salesman, the back there, who's a very thin skin and very uptight and doesn't communicate with a talent because he can't handle it and because he's drowning in a sea of incompetence. But nevertheless, ten, fourteen. We hope we had a great new year. We hope that the year brings us all wonderful massage as somebody would say. And it is that time of the year. Again, for those new years resolutions this year, you have the best chance to lose weight and get healthy again, balance for life. And this year, we're going to help the beast up. Get him ready for his wedding day by providing him and his lovely bride by the way with gourmet meals from balance for life. Little Spide told me his bride to lose an answer to, I, that's just what I'm hearing. Anyway, what could be easier than getting three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks to live at right-tier doorstep every day at your home. Your work, your puppet and still lose the weight. Why would you want to join a gym fight to traffic fight to crowds in the gym? Follow somebody on a sweaty machine, wait for the cardio equipment and then quit after just a few weeks out of frustration, and worse yet, still a big fat tub. So, relax this year, sign up for the easy way to do a balance for life. It'll weekly menu of menu selections and let them do all the work for you. The meals come right to your doorstep and you will lose weight. They bring you that magic sack. And in that sack is your food for the entire day. Sit back and eat gourmet meals as your friends and co-workers are rushing off in the dead of winter to the gym, snacking on carrot sticks and rice sticks. And we know rice cakes and we know how bad the dead of winter isn't how Florida Troy. So, get in the zone with balance for life. Call them now, toll free. 1-8-6-2-2-5-45-43-arch who considered about the dead of winter? Yes. I'm being considered about being dead in winter. Call balance for life, toll free. 1-8-6-2-2-5-45-43-archekamanna web. Balanceforlife.com. Don't wait. Make that menu as a lose-to-reality this year finally. For real, call balance for life today. 1-8-6-2-5-45-43-archekamanna web. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-4-4. Who's gonna get breakfast at home? In an isolated region of the West, comes the heartwarming story everyone is talking about. What started as a fishing trip, became something much more. The chicken, chicken, all-in-oh, it stars in. Broken back, mountain. What's up? What's up? What's up? How? The brook's way back. I can't move. Hello? Hello? Oh. Damn. The critics are raving about broken back, mountain. It's about a man with a broken back. On a mountain. I think that was a wolf. That was a grizzly. Oh my, I'm lost. Now where am I? That sounded like a homosexual. Oh my goodness. You're heart. Yeah. Definitely homosexual. Throw back mountain, ready to ask for extreme stupidity. Now I'm sure you need to want to see that. Yeah, that's good one. Come on. No. We have a little bit to take. I can speak for Josh. You might have seen it. Yeah. I think Josh, I'd twice feel like it's so much. Anyway, here's your poll from here's my poll from yesterday. Right. So then I want you to take and credit for it. It's all yours. Because I was all set to come in yesterday, but boy, so sick for that. And it would long overdue for a few sick days. Like today sounds good. Oh. Was that just talking not too long ago, but it's been at least a couple of years since. I had even one sick day. That's right. Well, just live up for the end. I feel like it might be the end. That's why I felt, let's see, two last night. Don't let the people be here. That's true. That's true. I'm very sure. I'm voting for sale on the poll. I like that. That's why I put it on there. I see Moan is wife and voted nine times of peace. Why is America so much in the guns? Why is it the American as well? That's one. 14, 126 votes. They love my poll man. I may be old and fat and a fatty and stale, but they love my poll. Why is America so much in the guns? It's the American effort way. Maybe 622. I'll ride and you'll ride it is. But they're exporting it up here too. It's part of our culture, 1951. Because they're basically violent, 146. They don't trust each other, 138. Americans are just scared, schmittless, one-on-one. Where would that one come from? Was that one of my choices? Uh, someone called it a subalcoholic. Yeah, I'm adding here. Because they can be 89. They don't trust the government 72. They sure beat Boson-Aro's 48. Yeah, I'll take my gun. If you're doing it, I was most of the days of the week. And they left Chuck Heston, movies 11. How do you like that? Well, he had to tremendous impact. You was son of a bitch. On America, he's dressed like a nice spanned ex-pants. And he goes bottling away. Oh, yeah, it was on again the other night, Furnit 911. Cool. And everybody got to be forced to watch it. They ought to be forced to a toothpick's in their eyes to sit back. But they won't. And they don't care. And they're all worried about the, uh, the coal miners in West Virginia. Who were alive and then they were dead. And now they're still dead. But who knows, maybe next time they'll be alive again. It's like magic. Or speaking of magic. Oh, my God. You know, Bob Hamilton, you are a happy Christ. Oh, my God. You know, Bob Hamilton, you are a happy Christ. Oh, my God. You know, Bob Hamilton, you are a happy Christ. So if evidence here, Troy, I'm going to rip you an ass and your buddy Curtis Raymond, whatever his name is, Bert, he's going to have burrs in his saddle by the time I get through. What a scam. Every no matter what you involved in with this company, it terms into a scam. And additionally, which a bad scam, you know, it's one thing to be a good scam, or just like Jack Abram off of lease for a while anyway. Oh, good. Yeah. What the, isn't it, isn't it convenient? Isn't it convenient for these talking head channels? That we got the coal mine disaster now. I think I'm 95% of the time, as supports to talk about Jack Abram off of total in Tom Delay. And what's the other guy's name from Ohio? Bob Beney. Mm-hm. Just take a ball of time talking about the coal mining disaster. And last couple days ago, it was the fire, the wildfires in Oklahoma and Texas. And the, the plane with emergency landing at Logan in Boston. It's always something that we get out in for our after hour. So we don't have to talk about this other stuff. All these crooks in Washington. And this latest business, they're saying, I'm actually going back to the executive branch. What I say, up to 200 people might be tainted by the light. Taint the lie either man, bad news. So here's today's pool that we're doing. I'm starting to feel like my left hand is a little tough. I just said that for your own. No, it's true. A little bit just a little touch. No, I'd have it a heart attack. Since carrots was well done. You weren't always well done here in there. My phone was ringing out at the end of the boat. It is probably just showed up downstairs. I might just go and get it, you know, or not. I'm not going to sample it on here because. I'm not going to go into it. There are so many loose ends, you know, just hanging all over the place. And it's like, oh, well, we don't know nothing. We don't know. And nobody tells us anything. You know, carrots is one thing to go through life as a total quizzling. It's another thing to open up a mouth. Have little parables and say, you know, what's the story here? What's going on? Greg. But haven't had any of the buildings. It's got the cones to do that. Here today's pool. We did this long time ago and a year ago as a matter of fact. And but back then, it only let a couple of choices, you know, like three choices. And I thought, well, let's give them a lot more bad choices. Give them a chance for a cheap shot. Even though they're all listening, of course, or they wouldn't be on our website. The roger is very entertaining 170 out of 408. For a five, whatever it hell with is, a voice of reason 85. A genius 55. Yeah, can't you tell? A freaking genius. A fat or all-fag 42. Well, there's no debating that. That's why I voted that. Our panic 27. That's what I voted because I find myself most amusing. Our panic 27. A laugh riot. Steel 18. So that's more than as why voting nine times each. Divisive five. Burying four and a bigot one. Yeah, there you go. There's a little something for everybody on there, right? The people that voted boring, man. Yeah. It's boring. Hold on. But there's no way to what choice you put on there. You're going to get something. That's why I put them on there. I think I'm not as exciting as most of the people of Call of Radio talk. I was like, to once you had on Monday. Oh, it's you. I'm five here. Yeah. I was in transit. No, anyway, that's the four-loaded earlier. I'm kind of debating whether I ever want to fly out of the organ. And Hank is right. It is the busiest probably. That and thanksgiving you know, the two busiest days of the years for his flying. Yeah. But that that place was a zoo just insane. And they got like 7,000 different flights all the parting from the same terminal air. And they're all like about 10 feet apart. And they got all these long lines. And everybody's in a total state of panic. And seriously, they got about 15 seats for, well, my flight was sold out. So there was like 170 people on my flight. Well, how can 170 people stick their fan ass in the, you know, 15, 20, 30 seats? But turn man. Huh? Yeah. Can't do it. Well, if he's in everybody's milling all around. So finally, you know, the planes an hour coming in an hour late leaving. And they finally start boarding the flight and they put the ginseng. You know, of course it's for a lover. They'll say, it's got to be at least two few wheelchairs. And they start to load them out. Well, you know, once they put the ginseng, it means they're going to have pre-boarding. And it momentarily. Right. So unlike aircanted in Miami, international, which is always very orderly and very calm and very, you know, or in a person the same way, no chaos. And all of a sudden, here come all these idiots pushing forward line. I thought, oh, she's having Europe again. This is like, hail on part two. Or you were, you were, when I came back from Amsterdam, even here by my KL and D. Oh, I'm 47. I mean, I have to repeat it all over again. And about getting on a plane after this chaotic insane boarding. And, oh, ladies and gentlemen, they, one of the, uh, uh, carts, one of the call is the catering trucks. One of the catering trucks hit the plane this morning. And maintenance failed. I noticed that there was a damage to the aircraft. So we're all going to have to offload the plane, get your luggage. And we got a number of 747 at the gate next door. And that was, that was that. Traveling is becoming a real pain in the grass, you know, you know, you're in a, and it was a bit failure. And I was just, that was just by car. Yeah. When you talked about, I guess you talked about it at length yesterday. Uh, whatever it was Friday, I think, or I guess I came back on the year, uh, what's it's losing? It's a bit of blur. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Uh, whatever it was. Whenever, whenever it was. Yeah. Well, we're still in the middle of the holidays. A QAIMS, so if I were also okay. We're still, uh, busman vacations. We'll, uh, to the lower. That's right. Well, let's, you know what we're going to do. We'll show on a real station. We'll sales manager and a real general manager and a real, uh, whatever. And a real bunch of scam going on back there with promotions. By the way, you oughta get me killed in there. You're ms spanking. Well, he's at it. Well, I know he did say something to me about. I wouldn't have to put the seed money up this year. And they were going to go out and get, uh, you know, but he never gave me any specifics about that. He certainly didn't let me know what they're going to try to rate my good sponsors for $5,000. Huh? Yeah. I mean, the seed money I put up and I wouldn't have bothered. I wouldn't have bothered me to put up the 10 grandest. What I give to the charity or be you're anywhere when we do this thing. Wouldn't have bothered me. But no, let's go out there and try to screw up some accounts. Let's try to, you know, we don't have that many left. So let's try to screw over to few of the meals got left. 28 past 10 of QAM. There's still time to get the best prices on 2005 and 6. For the folks that I'm strong for to homestead. It's for keep it simple pricing. The price you see is the price you get. No ties to look for. No hassles to get tangled up in and no gimmicks to steer clear up. The price you see is the price you get. Keep it simple pricing. Simple and straightforward. That's the Armstrong family guarantee. Keep it simple pricing extends to 2005 and 06 model Ford cars. SUVs and trucks through the F350 and E-Series through E350. So now's the smart time to get down Sierra Friend David Rich. And let it put you behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. You'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for live program. That's correct when you buy it Armstrong Ford from a homestead. You get tires and batteries for life of your car. That could save you thousands of dollars. David Rich and the staff guarantee that you won't find a better price anywhere. And with Armstrong Ford, a homestead vehicle in local M.O. to operate it. They'll treat you like always. Tell you like family because they want to make you a customer for like no bait and switch. No BS call David Rich 305 247 51 12 and ask for the meal deal. You'll save like never before. But you need to get the Armstrong Ford today. Armstrong Ford a homestead 307 25 South fixie highway. Just 20 minutes out of the 836 keep it simple pricing ends. January 3rd 2006 that was yesterday. Ring in the New Year and make sure you keep it simple. Keep a simple pricing out for our schools Ford Fusion 4 GT Ford Mustang in 2006 F150 Harley Davidson. And January 3rd 2006 that was yesterday. Check them on the web at armtrongcars.com. Then travel the lecture to save thousands of Armstrong Ford home stood and be sure and tell that Jeff high-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye sent you by this is Neil Roger. This is 5.62. In October, Sylvester Stallone announced Rocky 6. Then in early November, the announced Rambo 4. Now the news Stallone fans have been waiting decades for Sylvester Stallone is Rocky Balboa. Are you doing an John Rambo? Are you doing? In Rocky 6, Rambo 4. Rocky versus Rambo. Are you a Rambo? Are you a Rocky? Are you doing? Are you doing? I'm doing very good. Are you doing? You're a pro! Are you doing? From the producers of Freddy versus Jason and Alien versus Predator, Rocky 6 Rambo 4 Rocky versus Rambo. Hey, you're a robot. That's a mean little cookie, guys. Oh, hey, you're a Rocky. Hey, you're a... Rocky 6 Rambo 4 Rocky versus Rambo. That's really a do. And we send you going away, Hanson. 1033 27 before 11 o'clock. Let's take a look at that award winning. Christine lineup. This is the first day we've had in a long, long time with the whole family. They got some much buffers here today. I'd be like that. All right. We had to go this morning followed by the thumper. I'm here, at least for the time being. More Howard David and the... No, no, no, no, no. Not a dog at Fortal 6 3 tough as he's back after a long hiatus road. Panther preview, Panthers were at a coma last night in Jersey. If there were 1500 people there for that game that was a lot. I have never seen a place that empty. It was like the inside of an oxygen tank. I mean, it was just sterile. And the game moves about the same. Anyway, Panther preview with 6 30, they play at the Islander 7 o'clock tonight who are right for the picking the Islanders suck and any K after the hockey game. Pretty pristine line of a Vsme. I'm waiting for the fruit. My first call of the year of 2006. But how do you like that copion at Armstrong 4 to sale ended yesterday? Whatever. Exactly. That's, you know, we love David Rich and all our friends down here. And maybe we'll get a real piece of copy. We'll find out what the real deal is starting today. Because that was a copy that evidently ended yesterday. Although that's the only thing I got on my fax machine. But nevertheless, but I beat by the boot, but I'm... We got a little chaos back there. We've got a crisis in sales at QAM. How do you like that? Oh my God. Exactly. Well, they can't be bothered so in spots or service in the account. Because they're too busy going out through trying to... Trying to psych and money out of my... The few sponsors we got left on the station. Like, pomp and o park. I got that thing in my hand right now and the brochure too. You got it there, right? Yeah. You got it. Well, that's a nice cover for the CD. That's not going to happen. You got it. WQAM. Hello. Happy New Year. WQAM. Hello. See our press debunk. It's a very slow. It just takes forever here. We're going to get it. Wow. Gobbing through, take your seats. Yeah. Khaben crew would take a dump. Wow. That was not good. That was not good. My last K-Lemik sprints. They just don't know how to board a flight. They just don't know how to do it. It's just chaos. I don't know why I want to go through it again. But traveling is a pain to the against. I mean, yeah. In addition, which... Well, let's you go. You can go through it. I don't know why I want to go through it again. In addition, which... Well, let's you go. You guys can go to Amsterdam next time. Great. And maybe walking is the best way to travel anymore. Well, that's what I do here. Of course, the three days I was there. I laid on the counterwatch TV in 8 all day, which is, I think, I'm a bird, you know, a death. Right? Now, that place is hazardous to your health. And I'm serious. If I had to stay there, I'd have been dead a long time ago. If I wouldn't be here. I... It's just... It's scary. How the people stay alive. In addition to which... Let me also say this. To talk about it is one thing, but to be there and look around, in terms of the devastation from the hurricane. Yeah. To see all the trees, the millions... The only good... A good and a bad. The good thing is that most of the Malalukas got knocked on the bad part of that is that all that crap from the Malalukas is in here. Right? Right? Yeah. So it turned all of that... The allergens loose in the air, which is why everybody is weasings and sick and puke in their garden. That's why... Anybody puts up a Malalukas tree ought to be shot. Okay, no more Malalukas makes you want a puke, okay? No more. But you drive around here and then, of course, all the tarps on the roofs and then everybody including me is preoccupied with trying to put their property back together again. That place is years away from being back to normal. Not months, years. Am I right? Yo, you're right. It's a... It's a disaster zone. It... It... it looks like they were a war zone. Looks like he were dropping bombs there when a bomb aground they made it every hood. WQAM happy new year? Looks wrong with magic. WQAM happy new year? Yeah. Yes sir. Hey man, how you doing? Okay. Back to you. That's the what we should take. Did you? Were you watching the... Did you attend this thing with Dick Park? When did that happen? I'm not unbelievable. I didn't see it alive. I saw the call. I actually slept in the monitor and everybody's screaming about how grotesque was to put him on the air and the level of respect. The guy's like, what's... I can't believe he did that. Yeah. Well, of course, he'll show you his PR people. Only care about it. Like somebody said, I think it was Keith Oberman last night. Only care about his Dick Park productions and all his business enterprises. They don't give a crap about him. Yeah. Anyway, let's have a happy new year, guys. Same. I'm telling you that you made fun. The Lord got even with Dick. How did you that? Did you see it? No, I would like you. I saw the clip afterwards. No, I went to bed. I got a new year's. Even in fact, starting about 72. I've been to like all the, yeah, who's my neighborhood star, but the fireworks. And then the next morning, whatever they had left over, they were shooting those off the next day. Nice. Oh, yeah. We got some fireworks. Let's blow off some fireworks today, here. Yeah. And... Something to do, I guess. Yeah. How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Speaking. Hello. Hello. I've been even the gun control. They should hold the gun with the hand. Okay. Somebody QAM, hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Do more have a girl to get you in. You and the guy in the morning, you do the cross from a lift? Yes. Oh, hello. Somebody QAM, hello. Hey, Neil, I'm happy to hear you. Happy new year, man. Hello. Hello. You same girl, so short. We're from Thailand. I got a good machine. Good. Good. Good. Good. My machine gun, man. I'll do with a pre-operation. Two million people. I got 1639 people murdered last year. That's kind of scary. That would be like in... That I guess here, we got about double that population here. So it would mean a... Four... Four... It would be like 30... 30... 200 murders a year. And again, I'll bet on a shape of about 70 years here last year. And 52 with guns? No. I didn't even write. I want to get into this thing about the Pomp and O Park. And then, not so much, you know, although I will give him a free spot, I guess they deserve it. But about the... and see, keep in mind, okay. This is something I found out by accident just having to be there. And the fact that they brought this up. And I said, well, and Steve will say to me, oh, I've got the presentation downstairs. I've got... I said, bring it up here. Please, I want to see that. So I got it in my hand right now, and he presentation as well. About this so-called best of Neil, a CD, which is not going to happen by the way. Nope. It's just... that was the beginning of my blood pressure just zooming up there. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, why would you do that to me? Why would you do that to find people or a so supportive and one of our fine? I did have a good time with Dick Finder. We set together in the A-Dinner and you have to up about reminiscing about old drivers and tracks. And all of a sudden, we had a good time. And Derek, my friend Derek was there making everybody an offer. They couldn't refuse, but other than that. And by the way, Steve will have to lose an answer to for Neil, or will you please, if you want to make it to 2007, my God. No free spaghetti dinner, I guess you knew that. Right, they had me read the spot. They didn't have any money. Steve will have to eat all the spaghetti. That's what happened. I guess so. I do there with more tonight. I'm talking about a puppet from hell. But anyway, they were very nice to me, and they're great. And I loved them like crazy, and I had a pretty good time. Only made a couple of bets and lost them both, but I just... Yucked it up all night, which is a good way to do it. Twenty-before-eleven at five, sixty-w-q-way, and when you're shopping for shoes, I've been telling you for a very long time. There's an unbeatable combination waiting for you at Brandeys, because comfort fit and value is what it's all about. And what comes to those three ingredients, Brandeys is absolutely... ...an beatable. That's correct. Brandeys carries a humongous selection of all the top brands that they got rock-port, floor-shime, echo, muffisto, new balance essay, and all the big names in the shoe business as well. And the professional shoferes of Brandeys will make damn sure, you've got to customize video-favorite comfort shoe every time. This has for Arnie, he'll take damn good care of you and your feet. The pros of Brandeys really understand fit and comfort, they even specialize in wide widths as well. So Brandeys is well worth the trip from just about any more in town, because you really want to take care of those feet. For comfort style, fit value and selection always think Brandeys shoes, and you'll find Brandeys at 12.90, more federal highway in popato beats, open daily to line every Sunday till 5. And it's a great time to buy essay essay Brandeys this week. Take an extra 20% off on all great men's and women's essay estows this week. So be sure to get your essay in the Brandeys this week, or do your shoe shopping on their most prestigious website, Brandeyshoose.com. This is a meal rosary. This is 5.16. I follow him as a real conversation between celebrity on star operator Ron Jeremy and on star customer Susie Jenkins. Okay, I've never been here before and I need to get home. Let me turn on my own star. Hi, I'm points for Ron Jeremy. Where do you need to go today? I need to go home please. All right, turn left. Okay. Go straight for 20 feet and go right. Okay, all right. May God last. And turning. Now turn into the driveway. Okay, the driveway. Hey, this isn't my house. I know it's not your house. It's my house. Come on in baby. What? Thank you sweet Jesus for saving all of our kin. Oh, wait a minute. Damn you, Jesus, they're all dead. Yeah. And that's something. Well, not all of them. Well, one guy. Well, he's close. Although they said they they'd check for Brandeys. And they couldn't find one. 485 votes. Neo Rodries is very entertaining. 198. Oh, yeah. A voice of reason. A genius. 66. Two bad moms in a ground. You know, it wouldn't be proud of genius. A fat old fat, 50. A panic, 32. Stay old 20. Oh, no one is why keep voting in voting. You keep your honor off that golf course anyway, Mo. The vices of six boring five and a big one. And all those four and any five people by the way, keep in mind. They're all listening. Whether they like it or write it. Keep that in mind. And that's why put all those negative choices on there. Cause I find it most amusing. Oh, they show us. So stay out on. We were all as stuffy for. And that. Yeah, Jane. Okay, what you hear to you? I'll tell you what's really still. In fact, I'm going to start dumping him as a guard. He just, you know, he doesn't get it. He'd be funny like once a week. And I already passed him along the moment. We passed the torch since Mo finds him most amusing. He's like that guy. I like the. Great. The two of them can make sweet music together. And you think? Yeah, right. So, well, once a week, it would be fun. But I'm just going to start dumping him all the time. Because he just out of control. I guess he has to figure see something with the show. Yeah, like run. When I'll run, we're going to see him. I just agree with you. I'm run. I mean, right. He's annoying. But once in a great while, he blew up something. He's a great while, but he calls me. Well, he's a great while. Well, I mean, goes to show you. But the other guy is never going to be anything different. It's always the same crap. That's all he's got. Anyway, so I'm at Pompano Park on Friday night. He's got a good time there. And I find out that this radio station and Troy Stradford, who inherited that account, he inherited a lot of accounts and just keeps ciphoning off the commission and struggling in this pocket. He passed along this scandivin. I'm going to read this too. Okay, it's got a picture of the cover of the supposed 30 and the 30-year anniversary. But that's a name of it. The orangish presents. Not third man. And it's got the Emperor's a character of me stopping on the bridge tender's grave. And with a hand sticking up out of the ground, you better know your laws, Mr. That's kind of cute, right? That's cute. Although, unless it's people that go away back with a bridge tender, they haven't got any idea with that song above and nevertheless. It says, WQM's deal rages will be celebrating 30 years. Not third man. And South Florida market in March 2006. Doesn't say March 1st, it just is in March. That's probably because the people have put this together, don't realize when it is. Just like you realized that we just had our 8th anniversary on QAM on December 30. No, I don't realize that. December, you know that and you were on the air that day. Huh? Did they come in and say, did they have balloons? Well, I don't know if they had the anniversary George, pass along all our best in the air and you two did they do that? No. No, it's something because we were only at IOD seven years. Right. So eight years, December 30, in fact, that was the day I told them in the way either when great head, tough call me and say, well, the studio is not going to be ready. And I said, either that studio is going to be ready because or I'll be in one some other station. Remember that? And all of a sudden, we had that last minute, uh, brother running around and scrambling to put together a makeshift studio because they lie a lot, you know. Anyway, goes on to say in recent years, the best in the arraggers charity driver's $500,000 in donations to a band and ferrescue. Why don't they point out the fact we raised probably your close to a million dollars all together for all these other charities, but they don't want to do that. And you want to know why? Because they probably don't know. Right. Camila sounds better one all they probably over million. Who knows how much? They will be our charity tie in again this year. This year's compilation CD, Neil Rogers presents Bob 30, man. Bob 30, man. We'll have cherished memories from his many years on the radio, retailing at 20 bucks each. As a loyal New Rogers advertiser, we want to give Pompano Park racing the opportunity to be part of this Great charitable cause. Your sponsor, she helps to defray the cost of production of the CD, guaranteeing that a hundred percent of all funds raised from the sale go to charity. As a per-this is the second page. As a presenting sponsor, Pompano Park racing receives the Pompano Park logo and phone number on the CD cover. Wow. I'm just breathless. Inclusion on 13 week promotional campaign February to April included our minimum of 35 recorded mentions per week. Not exciting. Campaign could be shortened if we saw the CD's it says. And inclusion as a sponsor on the internet total investment $5,000. And they agreed to this. They said, oh, I mean, I had no choice. They felt like, you know, they owed to me. And it was, you know, obviously presented them in a way like, well, you know, do this. And they said, well, we didn't want to, but they're okay. And I told them, don't, don't do it. You got a long life, honey. I'm like me. You got a long life. Don't do it. Don't just give away five grand maturity because like you're always something. I'd rather have them, you know, run the regular spots to wanting to allocate a career, racing all the other racing stuff they got coming up. The fact that the track is, you know, coming back into one piece, we got slots coming in the spring. All of these are all of these things as opposed to just given away five grand to make a Curtis Raymond Verhappy and Troy Strafford and Miguel Escobar and all these other goyam. Steven, I'm saying what do you say? I'm saying that I knew nothing about this. And that's I had never heard one word about the fact that they were going to go to the top of the park and try to restore it. I mean, squeeze $5,000 out of them. Yeah. Was it ever suggested to me, well, you know, we're going to do it again. And you can put up the 10 grand seed money like you do every year is your contribution to the charity. And then we'll just go from there. Have I ever objected to that before? No. No. I would have done it again this year. Now, you see, if I'm working for a company that appreciates my efforts of this radio show, well, I know it's something that's amusing. That's hysterical. They eat any company would put up to 10 grand and say, well, is our way of thanking you and helping celebrate a 30th anniversary. We're going to under, right, to cost the $10,000 to to start the production of the CDs and get to this thing going. And we want to be gone. We'll be behind it. Right? Right. Like the old place used to do. Right. Not here. That's not the diesel eff and way, baby. $10,000. You think money grows on trees or what, Mister? They got to pay that six cent dividend. They'll share holders. Spent those growing trees though. Vangio's dobro on trees and so do Hillbilly's. That's, I bet you some of the CDs will wind up and help the lay haven. Wouldn't surprise me or maybe Hillbilly Hills. Yeah. They're picking it right now and I'm tuning it. So there you go. That's the deal with the pump and a partner. That's what really set me off and got me really just, and I'm still highly upset. My pressure is just soaring right now. I can go straight on the ear. Be sure and tape it. You know what I'm saying? For a point already. Right. In a heartbreaking turn around officials this morning first and on. Yeah. And this is really amusing because this is from the New York Times. Now the reason it's amusing is that most of the news. This is like doing beats Truman. Right. Most of the newspapers that went to bed before 1130 last night. On the front page, their banner headline this morning is. Miracle rescue 12 survivor. And of course well guess what? Surprise. Psych. In heartbreaking turn around officials this morning first and out said 12 to 13 min. Is trapped in a West Virginia cool mine had been found alive and then three hours later. Surprise. Disclosed that all but one of them in fact had died. The reversal of the brothers who had gathered at the mine and Sago West Virginia's stunned and furious. One minor was rescued. A doctor told the AP that the survivor ran down the Chloe June 27 was hospitalized in critical condition. We believe there were 12 survivors been a cavehead field. The on this guy. Oh brother. This is the one that was on all weekend and all day yesterday. We believe there were 12 survivors said been in hatfield. Chief executive officer of international cold group the mine's owner. That was the initial communication from the command center but it was wrong. I mean it's kind of hard to tell if people are dead or alive you know. Sometimes here is a sound soft Florida. Mr. Hatfield told the AP that the mistake in reports spread when people misunderstood a cell phone conversation it overheard and we out of he said the call was reporting The 12 miners had been found without information about their condition. Well that sounds like nitpick into me. Praise Jesus. Thank you sweet Jesus. Oh oh. They're in your sweet Jesus. They're in mind. Oh I'm your sour Jesus. I'm sorry. I mean Jesus is a net sweet and sour pork these days. Poor it. I doubt it. He was kosher. Now. Mr. Hatfield told the AP they waited to correct the false impression until he knew more about the minus condition. Let's put this in perspective. Who do I not to celebrate? What does that mean? Who do I tell? Not to celebrate. They didn't know who it was that had the you know the survivor's family. Yeah. Can't say that they're all dead. So let's just say they're all alive. Governor Joe mentioned the third was it lost this morning this plane how the false report of a rescue would come about. There was clearly. And then this is going on now hour after hour. Oh yeah. CNN is immersed in this. There was nothing else going on in the world that they hand out 85,000 indictments against every member of Congress and all the ships had seen. It's not going to make any difference at all. Because they're in this up to their earlobes. And by the way, they also had the wrong information. Anderson. With the loose pooper Cooper. Yeah, what about him? He's the one. Anyway, man's in said he visited a room next to the one in which family member. Oh, and I guess who was right there last night. I saw her. I was channel surfing. He's across the earth. And he was sharing. Some of the other just punch your right net nose and that big nose. I'll do. I love to see it right on the ear. You said, if they'd find a way, go get a vocal box. What is it about you? What anyone? Yeah. Anyway, he had all of there. There was a row of dubulation. Manchin was told that all the miners have been found alive. We swept the log and see if people. Everyone was so euphoric. They were like high five in and low five in, uh, grabbing it and everything else. But several family members told MSNBC that officials from the money company were the source of the false report. Mr. Manchin said he repeatedly asked the official he was with. Whether the information had been confirmed and said that he went to the command center. Whether the rest he was being overseen to see more information. When we got to the command center, they were static too. They were high five in and uh, duke and in driving. He said in a statement, it might have been to resolve the different teams going in out of the mines since their since were limited for safety reasons. We knew from the first the odds were against this mansion. Said we were hoping for 13 miracles and our still cling to one. He acknowledged there was a lot of anger among family members as a result of false survivor reports. I don't like that. Survivor West Virginia. You can't you see that coming on on until they pretty similar to our comedy bit near you. I'm going to be surprised to that shows up on my cable system down there one of these days. But in any rate. Oh boy. I'm biting my tongue. By the hard. There's blood just spread out of it. You're invited to hard. It's earned spurt now sometimes. Yeah. Neoroges is 524 votes. That's not too shabby 524. We got a shadow of what 600. But 28. Neoroges is very entertaining 223. Those are all my votes. Voice of reason 112. A genius 69. Fubbup. Fubbup. Not as smart as any though. But Bup. No no no no. A fat old 553. A panic 35. Stale 21. A stale last year's Motsiman. Device weight. Boring 6 and a bigot. One. You back start O's you. This is Neoroges. This is like this. This is 5162A10. This is the Neoroges show. This is your play. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? Deep in the jungles of the Amazon. Live something so large. So amazing. So wasted. It can't be held captive in a zip lock sandwich bag. Two ten charm star in team. Ball. It is great. During the expedition team as they venture deep into the weeds to wrestle the hay from the cannabis dry. Hey hey you guys. I'll be right back. And bring it to New York City for distribution by day. It's not here. Even in BoaPersa, just to be blunt about it, King Bong is some killer song, Cheats and Tom, star in King Bong. Maybe it's engine must be at least a quarterback and Showing every afternoon at you, no wait, for 20. Okay, man, start it up. All they're gonna have, 14 bodies, we come from the German skating ring. How come they're not making a big semis to about that? Of course, most of you are not worried about the cool minors. Nothing to be finer than to find a bunch of minors alive, but they didn't. And we don't care about the poor people that were skating on tonight. Look at this, there's your favorite during Kagan. I'm dear and Kagan. Yes, what's the other title of that? I don't know. The West Virginia body disaster. Tragedy at Segold Mine, it's got its own big headline now. Not just the story and the news anymore. It's its own, in fact, pretty soon they'll have a show on it. I understand the beat you're working on a song on it. Yeah, the West Virginia mining disaster. Now, I remember you were asking me before the show, if I have one of these handheld devices. The blood pressure tester, because we got one here. A little beep, I did. Do you want to be? What? Oh, that's exactly the sound arsonase. Yeah. Only mines of brown, brown, which I'll be brown. Brown? Yeah, we take your blood pressure then you shave with it. Clean it off afterwards, you'll be now that problem. Time? Huh? It's given there. All right, be banquished. Actually, I know what mine is now. Wow. Yeah, come on, chair. I'm not done yet. Oh. Whoa, stroke. Stroke time. Oh, my god. How do you like that? Thanks a lot, Clarice. And you idiot trust your ad for it. There's a one that pulls me over the edge. I think I should probably go back to bed. My pulse ain't that bad, it's 89, that's not good. About 10 points higher and usually it's. You want to know what the numbers are? Yeah, wait. 178 over 102. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Yeah, 120 over 70. Now you want to know what mine was this morning before, when I got up there before, even took my peels. Yeah, give us the 139 over 85. That's not bad for a. I don't know. I'm not that great. No, I mean, trafter, who am I? Sweet when you have, I love. First, that's not a bad number at all. And now I come in here and I take it a couple hours later, two and a half hours later, one, seven, eight over 102 after all a stress. I think a lawsuit is in order, okay. I think those people in there, place are trying to kill me. They're trying to lay a kill to goose to lay the golden big fat one. Is what I'm thinking. So during the next break, I'm going to take another peel. The what? I'm just going to keep popping peels. Oh, what the hell? Like, rush. Look what it did for him. George and Miami Jorge says, last year you picked USC over Oklahoma. I followed your advice and made some cash. What do you have tonight? Probably a stroke. What do you have tonight? USC or Texas. Do I like USC? Don't you, Josh? No. Why don't you take Texas all you want? You can take the long horns. I'll take USC. I'll take the Trojans. Okay. From my name, and you probably have some. But nevertheless, so Josh picks the long horns and I'm picking the Trojans. How do you like that? Be Neal, pervert the name. I don't remember what they're quarterback, or slay. See, I like to pick the teams that have the hot quarterback like Brady Quinn. I didn't really care that no one named God. Be in fact, I had to best of it all the way around. Ohio State kicked the rash, and I saw it again. I'm a big HD TV, big beautiful picture there and Brady Quinn. That looked really good. Better than ever, no matter fact. I was going, Brady, too bad you lost the game, but you're still okay with my book. I reached right in the screen, gave him a little pad on the back shoulder. A little higher up shoulder. So I think like how about every half hour, I'll take the pressure. Because if you take it a lot of keeps going up. But does it? Do you know that? No, I didn't. Oh yeah, well, if you were to stress as you are, if you keep taking it, huh? But right, told you, it was all stressed out when I got home and then like an hour later it was down. Well, you don't take it when you're all stressed out. Like, no, I should have done that right now. She just sit back and take a chill in the peel, man. And maybe a few people I'd like to kill, like in the tail back there, starting at the top. I mean, what kind of an outfit does this to there? And this goes to show you once again, the tremendous disrespect that this company has for this show and for all of us who work on it. Absolute content. I'm just just to try to lighten things up a little bit. Remember after that spot, which was obviously the wrong copy, by the way, written in lower case, small type way too long about a five minutes spot? It'll be happy to know, yes. It's obvious that it's way too long. Oh, I see. And what was said? Nothing. It gave it to you. It just showed up, uh, definitely. So this time we'll just have to be walking this way. So he probably would have shut the door. Yeah, that's going to be the liaison between sales and us because nobody back there once to deal with us except Troy and I don't want to deal with him. You just about got one foot in my grave, okay, Troy, you idiot, you quiz-lings. You're fair. You're simple, then. Anyway, here's the story that the auto voters have been had field guy again. Uh, I would do anything. I would have had not. Feel like better, buddy had field. Bobby had field or been had field. I don't know. His Bobby had field of one of the daughters that, uh, Bill Medley. All thought it was the, he had field guy. Was it Bobby had field? He died of righteous death as well. I'm here, brother. I sure hope he got things right with Lord Older. There is the year right copy, okay. I think maybe I ought to do this spot tonight. I'd be the white thing to do. I mean, the right thing to do. I mean, no, because we had the wrong copy for Matt's not really very nice. And says one of our fine sponsors. And we can't afford to be dealing with our sponsors. Happy New Year from the fine folks that are Armstrong for the homestead. 2005 was a great year in thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal. And bought their new fords that are Armstrong ford. Why do people shop there? It's easy, baby, because Armstrong ford guarantees you a great price. Great service after the sale and that personal touch of comes from a local family under dealership. So pick up that phone right now, Coach General Manever David Rich at 305. 2475112. When you buy new ford that Armstrong ford on the city, you can also get the exclusive tires and badminess for life program. And tell you about that for a long time. No place else would dream and do in that. But when you buy the Armstrong ford home city, you get free tires and badminess for life of your car. That could save you thousands of dollars too. David Rich in the staff at Armstrong ford guarantee you won't find a better price. Any place with Armstrong ford a local joint. They'll treat you great because they want to see you over and over again. Make your customer for life. So start off the year with a great new ford from our good friend David Rich in the staff at Armstrong ford home. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. So you're going to get a better price. But this is the kind of shenanigans we've got going back there because any audience, I'm sure thinks I'm exaggerating at Neil and he's a real panic. Yeah. And even the program director, he doesn't know where to stick his ass. And nobody said this morning. He goes to the viewer. He goes to the viewer. He doesn't know where to stick it. I told him to stick it. He's lost. He is lost. And I've turned his raven burback there in the sales. You're fair. Wow. This guy, he's got more different shenanigans going on. And all the moral screwed up. That's about at least he's consistent. The lunatic. Well, let's start off with a new year's resolution, huh? Okay. Well, that's not. 560 votes. Neil Rogers is going to die from a stroke within the hour. 600. Very entertaining 233. A voice of reason, 119. A genius 75. A fat olfag 57. We better add a dad fat, a dead fat olfag in a little while. I'll keep it ready. A panic 37. Stale 23. Oh, he's so stale. A divisive nine, boring six and a big one. See, I feel better if they're more hosts for big it than like somebody other ones. Because I am. Right. And I'm honest about it. I have prejudices and like everybody else, only most people I have about it. Oh, not me. I think that everybody people are people and you're right. Okay. Whatever you say. Gypsies. Do you really? I do. Tramson sees. Just they are. How about that Gypsy that comes and does my driveway? Well, he keeps showing up every six months, but every year and a half or two years old. Yeah. Your pissed off. I mean, for the hose. He has his own hose. Does he? They travel in packs. Six packs? No, two pack. Let's take my blood pressure again. What do you say? Come on. Do you want to kill me? I'm in the Donald. Okay. Again. That's central. See, and you see, you're knocking him. But he was the only caller we had right there. You think, oh, hey, I'd love to be a whole he called five times and that's five out of eight calls. At least he had him and at least you had him. Oh, I had the guard. How could be that? Now, he's done today. You're out, guard. You're the guard. Your last time on a show. Go, guard, go, raise your blades. Okay. You idiot. You slime boy. Yeah. Yeah. We don't need him to do that. No. We can do it ourselves by now. In fact, we got him at Tiger. They're having imitation guardlers. They're having guardler junior. Because he's just prophetic. Just tragic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Better get them these phones. I might be dead before he gets finished dialing. 5, 6, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11. That's a scary blood pressure. You know what? There's a lot of work in on the year. Because you're nearly about now, during the show, my blood pressure probably would be like about 130 over 78. Something like that. You know, I'd be calm and cool. But it's bad. Smoke a, a spree. Oh, yeah. Then we do it. How about a big fat stony? That would, I think, put me over the edge. Former high powered lobbyist Jack Aberlaw, played a guilty yesterday. This ought to be the biggest story. But of course they got too many other fish to fry and a very this story. And how'd you like the way he walked in the court there. So looking like John Gotti Jr. He's a celebrity, you know. Conspiracy, fraud, and tax evasion charges are great. A cooperating man. And then they said, the aimless done here. They're talking heads were saying, oh, he dressed like that. Because he wanted to send a message. You know, like Joey Zaza, send a message. And that is that he was taken, he would take no prisoners. Oh, everybody was going now with them. Good. Oh, yeah. I agree. Delighted him. Rubbing myself wrong. Aberlaw, aberlaw 46 admitted he didn't disclose receiving cave banks on payments from native American tribes to a partner's public relations firm. We're talking five million, no $50 million on that. $50 million. Five million, beteenots. $50 million. Starting in 2001, he persuaded Luis Yenatra, pain early 30 and a half million for grassroots work to a scandal and company, which in turn, take back nearly 11 and a half million back to Aberlaw. I'll go through the whole list eventually. And of course, all of that goody two shoes that the one from Ohio tells his name again. I love you. Nay, nay, Bob Nay. He's one of those religions, right? Goody, two shoe religion, just like Ralph Reed, who's also went up to his earlobes. Remember Ralph Reed, the Christian coalition, all of the other. Oh, yeah, all these good Christians, man. Praise Jesus and give me some money. WCW, I am happy new year. Yes, sir. Listen, I spent last week in Oakville, Ontario. It was very nice. Right now, right now, I'm from Virginia. That's a Mrs. Saga. Right, when we went to the mall there, and we spent the day in Toronto, which was pretty cool also. But you like to complain about the gas prices at our president. I would like to thank the Canadian government for three hours and seventy cents a gallon more or less. And right, and five to fifteen percent sales tax along with the surcharge and the liquor tax. Yeah, but you know something as well, worth it. And you know, I was watching the TV, watching all the news. And the crime up there isn't too significantly different than the crime down here. Wrong. Well, because they have the shootings on the boxing base that I mean, the crime that here is not even the same league as the crime right there. It's totally untrue. It's okay. Well, it doesn't even blow it on a proportion. I don't know. But unfortunately, because we had seven people shot on boxing the in one day, which is very rare. And the big deal they made about it should tell you that it is very rare for things like that to happen here. There were seventy-eight people murdered here all year long in a city of four to five million people. Seven eight. You could do that in a good month down there. Yeah, well, you know, I saw the scorecard shot and the somebody else got held up and then you know, it took the crime up there's still pretty good. Yeah, it's pretty good, yeah. Okay. Well, that's all. 90. How do you know? Good time, pal. Okay. See, Timber is stay right there. Okay. Don't come on up here because all you want to do is Matt. Typical software. Matt. Belly eight. Goods and moan. We don't want no vision. Belly eight in Americans coming in here. You know what I'm saying? It won't go up. Same throw in the pod. You can smoke the pod if you want. And we'll throw your ass in jail. Yeah, you know, talk about talk about a guy that was here for a couple of days and right away He's an expert and the crime is just his bad and he's right about the gas prices. There are wages, but they've been that way for a long time. That's nothing new. See, if that's the most important part of your quality of life is what the price of gas is. Well, good luck to you. The difference being that before Bush came in and started robbing from a Doomni Robin Hood and we've heard from the horse routine, robbing from the Pouring given to the rich before that. It was like, you know, what was it? Two bucks a gallon, one 79, one A couple of days. And I was like three, well, it was up over three bucks a gallon. See, that's the difference when it changes, you know, when people have to budget, I just pay for gas. That's a difference. In addition to which I have a feeling and I really don't know, but I have a feeling of the average wage here is probably a lot higher. I'm sure that the minimum wage here is much higher. Yeah. But I'm sure that there aren't too many slippers here. In fact, if you look at the way of property, you think you got a property for a woman's son for a, here, you can't, they can't build them fast enough. But nevertheless, I'm not here to be the chamber commerce. Okay. You like it where you are. Have a great time. I was there for three days, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, it seemed like only ten years. WQAM, hello. Tell us that's a story to you. Okay, great. Oh, by the way, look at what time it is. It's way past the time for the breakers. They did other spot. Right. In 11, 16, a QAM. If you're looking in a mirror, I'm wondering where their hair went, which is probably on a floor and down a drain. Chuck Alphiaries been helping famous and not so famous people look their best for over 30, but two in the years. But you wouldn't recognize this work when you see it because Charlie Squid of the best, the most natural looking piece in the university, new skin-like natural hairline system. They look like real hair growing out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard animal that roosting on your head. Ever heard anything roost on your head? Not lately. Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You have nothing to lose, but that ugly shiny bald spot that makes you look about 20 years older. You try Charlie's system for 30 days. But, 30 minutes. And after a month, if you don't love the way Listen Feels and Smells, if you're not getting an action up the Ying Ying, return it for a full refund. Make the call today. 1-800-3-2124-13. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Eorider Show, getting your special $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. No dangerous pills. No nasty looking animal on your head. No holes in the head. Just a great looking head ahead of here. Pick up that phone today and Charlie. No obligation. Just how much younger and better he can make you look. 1-800-3-2124-13. That's 1-800-3-2124-13 around the wicked web. It's Charles Alphayeri.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. If you came back or dressed with what would Jesus do? Tell dressed you to give his eyes. If you came back or dressed with what would Jesus do? Remove their bumper stickers until gray skinned to kill his eyes. If you came back or dressed with what would Jesus do? Find a power of past removed that bumper stickers until gray skinned to kill his eyes. If you came back or dressed with what would Jesus do? You, Sip, pillow, Riley, find a parent that's removed their mucus, stickers, and took place in St. Peter's house. If he came back, or Chris, this is what would Jesus do? Close, long mark down. Sip, pillow, Riley, find a parent that's removed their mucus, and took place in St. Peter's house. All right. Okay, 1121, 169, over 96. See how that's coming down nicely now? Good. Good one. Ridnis? Yeah. To bed, rubbish? Yeah, come on. It's Aljust to calm down a little bit. Here, in fact, it would be normal. I'm pleased to see that. It would be nice and low, if I'm probably about, I would say about 30, uh, about 30 minutes. Low, on both ends. Chats of mantra. If it weren't for that crap, I'd tell you one thing. I'm not, uh, I don't mind coming in early into concamulating with you guys in the morning, but before the show. But now when he's other people, I just, uh, will not. Next time that they come in with this crap, I'm going to get up and walk out like, I get it this morning. What, what did you night do with? You, I, I, I, I, I went, I went, made my bacon for breakfast, and I just looked in, uh, sitting there, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, it, this shows you what a bunch of animals we got, and everyone more ons you got. Uh, well, he was out six for the first time at a long time. I mean, it's, there was this story. Really bad, high blood pressure. Blood pressure, anything, which you've ever had one of those. It feels like your head's going to like, uh, explode, you know, it's bad. And even every time, like, move your head a little bit, like, oh man, like, that's sick, I can't even describe it to you. It's like a hundred times worse than a migraine. And there you go. So let's go in there and see if we can meditate. I don't mind, tough coming, and tough as our old, and tough as our old, and tough as our old, I never thought I would say that. You're fair, but he, he's the only liaison we had with reality. And I tell that the parents this morning, because he got all bent out of shape. What do you mean by that? I just, what I said, quizzling, a little clearance there. You know, I see it goes to show you. And it's had somebody's butt for a long time there. Got himself advanced from being a sports flocking to be in the program director. And now, uh, nobody's telling him nothing. Or at least, so what he tells us, then you hear him say that this morning, you saw on a stack of vibbles. I got a tune it out. Like, I was tuning up the whole Troy thing. So when you work making any sounds, you know, if I didn't hear you like fixing bacon in the background, I was going to call 911 and not going to hear it. He fixed and vacant in the background. I got good ears. It must have. Well, you don't want to be up here with these expensive gas prices and all the violent crime, uh, uh, that TST and PST and the AST and the, uh, ASS. I'll be honest. I'll be honest. Wrap up before I go up there. Right. Go rob a bank first. I mean, here's a guy like I said, he's here a couple of days right away. He's an expert. He's giving me a song to dance on how bad it is here. It's bad. Believe you, me, you don't want to be here. I mean, it's like 40 degrees and murky. There's no snow on the ground, but it's not better. There's some coming one of these days. It's murky looking. The weather was good while it was there. It's about the only good thing I can say. The weather was sensational. That's great. That's great. It was beautiful. Do you want to kill a M? Hello? Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. Hey, listen. I just wanted to ask you a question. Did you happen to see Dick Clark on the New Year's Eve? Now, somebody already asked in the answer. Now, while the reason I'm asking you is, what was the difference between what kind of stroke he had and what you had? Because you obviously didn't have any, you know, poms with your speech or poms with it. I had for a few days, but he had two strokes. See, the second one was a massive stroke. Don't you understand? There's like a little stroke in there as a big stroke. You can relate to that. So he had a hit. He had a hit. You had a little one. I have a little one. That's correct. Got that. Now you got your sum on it. I'm glad I'm glad you're all right, man. Thanks, Palli. And we have you made this out. Check it again next year. Happy New Year to you. Check it again next hour. See if he's still alive. But that could be a scam for the whole year. Let's have a, remember how it used to be. We're glad to come in there and do a few shows there. And they would all line up. All the sales people line up at the door. Oh, yeah. Let's go in there and ah, hey, oh, put on a phony egg. Go fake. Yeah. And then screw in would be out there. Although I think she was even more legitimate. I think she actually, I think a part of her actually liked me a little bit. Let's go with, yeah, they are. Okay. Seriously, well, she knew that I was the cash cow under my golf cart. Huh? Huh? Yeah, no thanks. So how are we doing on that poll so far? Okay. Here's a chance to take a good cheap shot early in the new year. New Rogers is six hundred eight votes. What do we got a shot at? 800. Okay. Well, let's not start too high. I noticed that nice poll like maybe yes. So you had a resounding number on a. Yeah, a lot of voters. Huh? It was great. It's especially since I forgot to talk about it. Well, you're welcome. New Rogers is very entertaining. 250 one. Even always a piece of crap. We hit him like boys and the hope he died before the end of the show. Right. Very entertaining. 251. A voice of reason. 120 nine. A genius. 79. A genius who goes. And can't make fart sounds no more. What would I like to? Oh, and speaking, I don't want to go into it. Wow. You weren't there when I talked about the getting fouled that I had on a plane on KLM. You had some foul getting. Oh, my God. If they didn't have charcoal in the seats, it would have been people's swimming. I think even a pilot would have liked passed out. Just remember your seat does double as a floatation to buy holy cow, holy moly. I have never passed such a mal-orderous gas in my life. It was foul. A genius 79, a federal fact, 67, a panic 38, a laugh riot. Stale, 26, the stale Roger show. And I urge you to listen to the show that follows mine. Divided 10, boring five and a big it five. That's good. See, I asked for them to like boost that up a little on the big it's side. This little obedient. Huh? And they and they did it. Oh, my, there we go. I got my Jamaican problem on. Yeah, that guy thinks there's a lot of crumb here. How about going to Jamaica, Mon? Go to Jamaica what a bee's lease hang out. 1639 murders last year and then a copy that's got two million people in it. Two million people. Let's see, there's 30 million people in Canada. So multiply 15 times 1600 is what? Oh, here I see a new math question. No, I'll do it. Let me get my advocacy. That's like 24,000. 24,000 murders a year. See, that's that. That's simple math. How come I actually did that long math? I heard it. 1600 times 16,000 and half again is eight is 24,000. You a math and we had medical genius like me can do it. Guy and a genius, you know. So they said, the poll there 79 people said I'm a genius which goes to show you their IQ. 24,000 murders a year if we had the same rate as Jamaica Mon because the Jamaicans like a good machine gunman. Yeah, a good machine gun. I don't know what would be the reason for it. I don't know poverty. I mean, I can, oh, that's always a good excuse. Poverty, right? Oh, no. Oh, yeah, I'll read it. I'll read it. Somebody need a 27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQAM resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1-800-MATRIS right now. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health. Well, being in productivity than a good night's sleep and you can get one tonight from battle mattress by calling 1-800-MATRIS right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or if noticeably sagging or lumpy, time for a new one folks to listen the complete line of ceiling and serve as Simmons King Quill, 10 perpete against turns and foster you. Dilemmactors take same day orders all day long from candleless door from Palm Beach to Ford Myers and like always, you still pick the two-hour window for deliver when you want it deliver. Once convenient for you when you ask this out of your home, they're proud that they're delivery record on time deliveries 9-D-9.7% of the time. Lots of folks at QAM are satisfied with telematrix customers including me and you will be too. So, start off the new year, start it off right with a great new mattress from telematrix. Don't put off getting a better night's sleep any longer pick up that phone right now and give them a call at 1-800-MATRIS. That's 1-800-MATRIS on the web at smatrix.com. By the way, 1-800-MATRIS RES leave off the last S because it stands for sales holes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. It's day in Miami town at 5-6-0-W-Q-A. Saloon meditating Ome Dragons Thimerk No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, two teams have five, right now, little LIGIN trigger voice, there's no door right I don't know anything, I won't go here water and don't go away, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, just go away, no, no, no, no no, no, no no, no, no no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ok, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Monday, right? Not Monday. What it says in my school, I guess he was here. I guess so. Hey, listen, he had almost the whole day in Montenegro. I didn't think anybody was working on Monday. Except I had to get a four to six thirty tough two and a four a time because we got Panther preview with six thirty with Jesse Agro's at his doing it. Yes. Followed by the Panthers at the Omnors and a clock. Any K after the hockey game. Any interest those Panthers are red hot baby up until last night. Well, he came with him all, you know. Five six seven, five sixty time. We're getting all these new years wishes today. Men it's you can you feel the warmth. Can you smell it? I feel something feel the love. We want that great South Florida love. WM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. When you should go home, I'll let judge. Take over the show, man. I am home. Your home. Yeah. Get off the answer, and the answer.jen Wei Carla Seoul. Oh porta. Diane. Monten Yang Reckham, pound five six and he Verizon singular wireless line can't you feel the love was that right on top of that I have my thumb right in the war tier Yes, W QA and happy new I need a dog now. Okay good. All right. I'm coming over. W QA and hello 2 a.m How you doing okay one for the poll New Rogers is on a flat flag Yeah But thanks for listening five six seven oh five sixty then that was at the Joel do in a voice Anyway, Dick Findergarten poppin wants to make sure that nobody confuses him. He's never related to Joel findbert And who can blame Dick Five six seven oh five sixty boy. You're right about these calls. No, yeah, they've been special But you were away. We actually had a one pretty good week. Did we Josh we had the Yeah, we did special days. They don't ask me why I can go away. Yeah, no things. I don't know. That's going away. I'm on my last leg Here's line nine you're just as favorite and see there's nobody on it. That's why you're like so lot Can't get no crap under nobody on the phone W Q a m hello Hey, Leo have to do you yeah. Thank you, yes, sir. I think okay good deal to big dummy W Q a m hello See, that's why I said I think I knew right off the bay jack-ass yes, sir I'm the complete opposite of that lady never put George on that guy Whoa, I guess well, we don't care what you say. Okay. We'll do whatever it help we want Okay, we don't need instruction. We don't take instruction from the audience put this one on don't put this one on Guess what you're putting it on right now right now right nobody's got a gun to your head You've got to turn on because you're getting a sexual assignment for every minute of the show. Okay. You're getting good vibration back So that's where they're at You probably got your thumb in there and maybe the rest of your fist as well or some of these Well, what is this don't ever do there? Yeah, like the instruction crowd. I'm gonna tell you man that place is like the it's the Sump pump of the universe. It's like an outdoor well, I guess they are outdoor like a universal septic tank That's right the build of America. Oh my god. I spent three days there that I wouldn't wish on Hitler, Ganges Khan and Osama Yamama put together What a place God And the interesting part of it is I guess all the smart folks who were able to do what they got out because I like it to forla to do their port Who are those people? How do I know who are they and where did they come from man you read this and some of those jacks all bro I'm not talking about japan easier my god Seema see my honey. Oh my goodness wow Somebody QAM hello Hello Hello Yeah I am yes the both of you Did you let them in last night with a ride? I don't watch I don't watch later now Yeah, well you let them in major damn pool out of them with who? With a Riley yeah Well, yeah, what's that why don't you waste your time watching that? Oh Because I just wanted to see how let them in would you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like all these people. Oh, we listen to rush to see what the other side is saying Yeah, what do you need to hear that on a top show group we already go away man 5 6 oh geez, these calls are good aren't they the best ever they get my pressure right down there like 400 over 300 5 670 5 60 Con 5 60 and a Verizon singer wireless line more bad news from Iraq, but I guess I'll save it for a minute or two that's the two bad stories What are you reading any of the good news from Iraq? Because there is many oh they got those wonderful fixed elections and those she i clerics are gonna be the winners And they're gonna have like Iran over again. I mean the best is that baby, you know that one baby We're saving one life and exchange for all those thousands. We can that's right Seems for all in thousand and that's another one of those stories on and on and almost is nauseating is that the kid The kid that we're supposed to be all whipped up about Whatever his name was far far rest Hassan He had a big shanized Hey get a shanized job sweet heart all the money that daddy wasted and sending the bag dead give yourself a shanized job God Looks like Jimmy Durandia a bad day Q AM hello Somebody Q AM hello Yeah, hi, I just wanted to find out why what is it with this wrong guy If he real or or what what's the job? He real is he he's real He's real Pretty person well, I think maybe you need to give my job He sounds like he just needs to get work no thanks That's his girlfriend. Yeah, who is him. How many Q AM hello? W to Q AM hello fake guard where week Q AM Name deal yes sir. I was wondering have you given up totally on going to satellite or that's Philippa's ability there is no possibility on Nobody's interested in bringing you to satellite Let me say it again. It's not gonna happen Well, you know I first I was skeptical by really things that's the way it's to go I think it's gonna be really big in the next couple of years. I don't Well, you know I people said that about cable to the nobody would pay for something that you can get over here There's a pool in a sunset that's a less stuff for about over the weekend for two or three days and the sixty-some percent said They're not gonna pay listen to radio and I agree Well, yeah, but like I said there's something if there's something that's gonna be honored It's gonna be that's stimulating that fantastic maybe I might pay for it, but I don't know what that would be You mean I don't know when we had Howard on the air for free. I did listen to him So why would I pay listen to we show one on not just him, but I mean even if you want to listen to Hungarian polka music There for that 24 hours a day I'm sure if I went into my local record story my CDs do I could find lots of Hungarian polka music We're like a palmy. We're still fumbling. No, we're not giving up. We're still fumbling our way along I love that don't give up. Yeah, oh, said like radio is on now. We all better go home. I'm going back to bed How can we survive? Just keep the paychecks coming okay see your Hank is right. I should stick to that This business you know what you can take the sales department there and stick them in the damn ocean for my part I don't really care in one say yeah the Indian Ocean for the new year This is all of our resolution I'm gonna show whatever it is. We don't care you know Programming sales engineering hub their interior. Okay. We don't care we we've done our best eight years Eight long excruciating years of trend desperately to find some semblance of a radio station We can't find it we can't find it See the question shouldn't be are you we're gonna go to serious rated a satellite radio the question should be would you ever get back into real radio This is the real Roger. Unlikely this is five 16 We're ready to go this what they do We're gonna have a mission Well, I'll go up and I feel I don't be a children book Where you think that's why they don't find me like a snap of bacon You know what what I don't okay What Yes You know something we ought to add that to the pool. Neoroges is the antichrist. Well, we know that. Well, it's good on there We got that voice mail the antichrist leading right that's all the balls thought you see the numbers right there Neoroges is very well about about those numbers by the way now that we have dust no more We got to rely on the answer now. I have a mirror and then I want it's not that important. You said we were flat flat We were yeah, well, that's not bad Considering the removal is a will-momum and also considering the fact that it's like it's just bizarre You want to hold on tonight. I don't want him. Okay. All that's good by way 145 over 91. Oh It's better better. It's better, but not as good as it could be Well, I got news for you. Who's dropping as fast as you would like to see it obviously I'll be on the floor. Okay. I just love pressure 60 over 30 And it's coming down because I'm relaxing now because I'm enjoying all these great calls have a cocktail all these Ojo and Provacitor and Gljam I'm not gonna really get to him. Yeah, sure you are wait for you see my paycheck on to next Tuesday Neoroges is very entertaining to 74 voice of reason 142 a genius 85 a freaking genius Not just regular genius, but his Randy would say a freaking genius I wonder where she got that a fat roll. Fag 75 panic 42 scale 27 Uh oh, most have the odd vote divisive 10 boring six and a big five so many sinko, jinkway, whatever out of six six six But I bet you if I refresh it, maybe what you put on it in the one The antichrist that's right there it is. I'm yet but it'll it'll go zooming up there. You'll see I am the antichrist, okay? I do I do like a good steak now. This is really too hard, but I like a good steak What actually like a good steak? I can do I love one. I'm not gonna be no no man. I'm off the food food will kill you I sat there. It's all I did for three days. You know, it's very interesting that every time I come there I have a stroke Yeah, cause I did a mile on oh seriously at last that that time a couple of subboys ago Remember that right and I told you I predicted it because he is sitting you sitting you eating you know And by the way dick, I don't want deserted top of the parking anymore. Thank you very much But don't anybody be give me any desserts Although they will send me flowers. Maybe like Jeff Cohen was sending me flowers. Oh Did I go that any head of my mother's funeral and said this funeral catered by the pizza law? I like that that was nice. But I had someone else check your package for you because I heard a room of the somebody said you some chocolate What does that mean Chocolate are you serious or you just though? Yeah, no, I just made that up Someone who in itself John Jarris came back from Germany. I think he said he's in chocolate Well, that's what he wanted to be addressed for was to send me chocolate. He was in there one day And I thought he was a good guy. We were having our usual nice friendly chat and he was stopping around in those big hit boots He wears right well singing to each line of Barales is a little too nice. Yeah. Yeah, exactly just like Albert Speer So he I remember he or one of the address remember that guy It's gonna talk you dipping dog. Yeah, give it to him. So he sent me a bunch of chocolates. I thought he was sending me like a some literature or something That's the last thing I need is chocolate. So K. John J. R. You lunatic you're not seeing man. Oh My god. How I'm not gonna go in with the audiences bored with that already how many times do I talk to talk to us screamed about it? People killing you with kindness and he could have saved it for me Right, that's right. Give it to George. He and his poor family need the damn chocolate Geez that's right. He's our desperate family off in there all the car problems over the weekend in a suit of Christmas Man Could have given you done something nice for it. Oh, he sends me a bunch of chocolates this fat old diabetic fat was got blood sugar of 9800 over 800 and on the verge of death On his last legs on the way out When it doubt he's on a way out. That's what you think. I'm gonna. We'll live to 100 just out of spite just being a mean vastard just out Little do do do do do do people. Do you know me Q a m hello Do you know me Q a m hello? Hello ragged how are you? Okay, all right Listen, I want to Have to pull there for me yeah the Let's see I was thinking he escaped from chaos To listen to you is escape from chaos of this You are is is the escape from chaos. There you go No, we passed it by the judges the judges said W Q a m hello What's up Neo Bo sir? And back to you. Hey, let me ask you man. Oh, he didn't glaze my on spigeting glaze for sure Man, you know, I'm gonna tell you the first round with bro. I know that Our detective poisonous for dogs Yes, you know, it's interesting now. Now George right away jumps right in there. No, it is not dark chocolate is poisonous If it's a little dog in the eat too much or can be but The dark chocolate is what's really bad because because I just haven't seen a shawn at just a few days ago on city Posts and they were talking about dogs in chocolate and one guy talk about how his big-gives great day Get into a whole big tin of chocolates and open it up any to whole thing Yeah, does that hurt? I got to like some people tell me yes some people tell me no, but I heard a story that a little dog to give him a chocolate birthday cake So he like a slice and I need to Is it a little sleep with the cake? You know like as a president he wrote that I mean he never actually woke up Wake up tonight and that interesting way you said that he woke up There must be like all those homeowners was originally we're alive, but then they woke up dead That's no chocolate baby. No chocolate for the dogs please Hey, let me have a poll. Do they have a to someone mentioned new Rogers is God or no? That would be good because you know I'm feeling like I used to go to politics for unfortunately and the one thing they told me is if you keep faith You won they talk speak to the God and I'm right in it right now This is your chance. I'm your news pal. Okay. Have a great day Kiss my ring or something you rhymes with ring Okay, let's put that on a week and put God Put some self serving crap on her enough. Chief shots. You know, I'm one of those people who are words about Chief shots all all I were you know, you know, my pressure came back down so fast. I give up because I started that routine again about thinking about the paycheck Oh, yeah, that's good plan. I see I Am I right off just like I went off my Bob Blanceter induced Very very strict, you know, don't eat any crap and I did that for you quite a while and then I was home And I'm not blaming anybody by myself. I had cold stone My skin crap who quit rate great a lot of it Kind of good I go by one You know, I put it for me for me that's a kind of stuff once a year is enough I just I don't know something kind of stuff you might like all the time I can't just write a live, but it's just it's very unusual very nice. Okay. Yeah, it's very fat rich Oh, and I had quite a conversation with my friends at the track about that night But I was good thing I wasn't there. Yeah, because if you have an experience like that it lasts with you forever It's one of the things you can't get out of your mind, you know And he had the super he had the super. That's the best part or the salad No, he had the crude I did 567.0560. Let's get this a rack stuff out of the way. Okay A suicide bomber set off as explosives the middle of a funeral Wednesday That sounds like today killing at least 30 people I'm German and wonning 36 police nospital officials said this is in Bakuba For all you Cubans out there was in Bakuba For us flights in for a lot of the man. They're going to Monte Go Bay and Kingston and San Juan and It says zoo in there, but I guess I guess you're right Must be because it was New Year's yeah, I have it heard from one person It's gonna give me the low down and met four lot of nail airport if it's always that chaotic Because if it is I would never fly there again I lost a couple times. I was there. It was not chaotic. Oh Because Miami is farther away, but at least it's I mean American Airlines is chaos at my MIA, but I never fly American So Miami's way worse. The know is not yes, it is You see you know you've been hanging around with George too long. You say things is the what's the matter of fact Miami is way worse in terms of certain airlines like American is just total chaos with more people But I don't find no the wrong like terminal G wherever our Canada is is nice and I mean there are some days Obviously when it's heavy duty is packed But most of the time is very orderly and very like one of the meal and it's not is not chaos Okay, the two times I've been to the Miami airport. Oh two times wow Yeah, well, it's taking about two hours to get through the terminal. Yeah But why do you think they call it terminal? That doesn't happen if we're ordered If you could have seen this scene, but again, it was the celebration of a new year's day, but it was the day we were celebrating the holiday Monday You would you was thought to be giving away free time tickets and a thousand dollars cash to everybody It was just madness unless you had to go twice because of the whole exchange student thing and it was a breezy For a lot of no yeah, okay I'll try it again once but I'll say anything bad about Miami International I'll never had a problem there either to speak of no In all the pens of a terminal year when men course Josh doesn't fly or Canada because he doesn't come here because he's in a legal alien Oh another bad no by G Iraq VG by Gianraja said and who cares? Aggie a US Airstrike killed several members of a family in the early finding time of by G in Northern Iraq one Several members the US military said aircraft had targeted the house after three months Inspector of plenty of roadside bomb were seen entering the building late on Monday the military statement made no mention of Canceles and said Iraqi police in a handle to see after the attack local people at the scene of the blast said seven bodies were recovered from the rubble including at least two children That'll teach him to be there a police official in the regional capital to create said six people were killed and three wounded Although an official at the joint coordination center with a handle lay a joint which leads And liases between US and Iraqi forces said 14 died Forty died. Oh, oh, wrong house. Sorry. Sorry, Mr What do I have I got a lot of good stories? They're not a lot but I got a few that are pretty good like the swing or party under soccer parents of Orlando hotel Like the way swing clubs are legal and Canada now Well, we need they got a big one in Montreal so next time you want to go somewhere and go swing in it Okay, fine. So what to go with I'm serious. There was a big article about that just the other day Or was it the uterus day? I get my orders and my uterus is mixed up Don't you all the time? I say a good bomb Tell Dr take the day off a good bomb back there and sales couldn't even a bomb agrande would be good starting right under criticism Yeah, that's Curtis Raymond Burr. Yeah, but I'm not gonna get about like I said no more Case to roster Rob baby go out and sell a bunch of crap or not whatever you want to do It's got a good effect my income any any worrying come on and show And as far as the bees leaves are concerned any bunch of Yahoo's that are too cheap to put up the 10 grand even see they could have taken it back That's the best part to see money for the CD Right right And that would work for me. No problem But they're too cheap to even do that they can take it back out of the proceeds all No, we want to make sure that all the rubber so basically what they accomplish is making sure that animal pet rescue doesn't get anything So I'll be sure and send them and I said check like I do you know like I used to do with a charity. I'll be sure and send them my own check Without the CD and all the hassle and I grew a friend goes along with it and addition of which you know as well as I do that with the last several years As soon as that CD comes out it's online They're downloading it for free. They're burning their own copies and they're garnished health and man. It's a wasted time Right right I got one of the key. I don't dare let's see. I don't know which one is going to come up and I have to dump it See there's about how we're David Keating Right and then of course the mad dog ones were like rock like pancakes oops Did you have to dump that one? Yeah, oh that was the one I was hoping that dog He's such a potty milk. Oh yeah, I'm 57 a QA and we got the mole mice do the mad dog Panther hockey any K what's not to like and it's all for free no subscription radio baby. You don't have to pay for it Stir and scar smart. I'm sorry for the hour for the hour stir with every kingdom Our night Probably won't be on it because they're a king gets in a he gets interrupted and preempted every night for the the crazy story do you or whether it's the miners the fires at Oklahoma Are you in a dead end job under pain if your new years resolution is a high paying career you better act now Pick up the phone and call fast train right now at 1 866 fast train Fast train will get you trained ready for your new high paying career just a few short months That's right. I've taken your new high paying career just a few short months The demand for medical coding specialist in computer professionals is right now at an all-time high fast train offers convenient day evening. We can classes jump placement assistance and financial aid for those people to qualify So pick up that phone to call fast train at 1 866 fast train fast train Face over 100 individuals just like you in 2005 fast train Chick fast train out on the web at fast train.com You must act now in order to obtain your new high paying career classes are quickly filling don't miss the opportunity This year called toll free one 866 fast train this year. Make you need your solution to reality a real life and a real job that goes along with it fast train 16 Well how did it and this portion of the new Rogers and 12 so when however is growth you buy 1112 1 2 4 by 6 8 11 12 So I says a pizza Oh I'm Jim Purdue owner of Purdue chickens. You probably heard a little bit about the bird flu Well, let me just tell you there's nothing to worry about you can eat Purdue chicken all day long and never have to worry That's because we thoroughly inspect every chicken on our Purdue farm So you can be sure that chicken you're eating is safe. This is my farm Let me show you some of my pride and joy all of them have names This one over here sleeping is birth that everyone's sleeping over there is pancreatic that one's doors Amy Abby Barbie Cynthia can be down the industry in Katy marine Monica Martha well They're all sleeping too. They must have been up all night long thinking about their trip to the market This is my friend Joe over here. It takes candy I got the water All right my friend Joe tells me it's time to wait the birds up and feed them some bird food right Joe Right Joe I Found a freedom of every side so don't forget head on down here look and grocery and ask for my special Instructed extra site chickens. I know your family will feel a whole lot better no one it's Looking for a value meal that's live and typically infectious Hand-hound a KFC killer blue chicken for the bird blue family back Free extra crispy legs Two thighs and four contaminate in weeks all bromine Good a killer meal I think that kid in four lvdl. I went to a Baghdad came back with a contaminated beak Let's say you did I'll get to that store and a minute. Oh, I got the morning down column she says it's not personal jackets strictly business Jack Abraham off water. We all over the news man, but instead we're like back on a cool miners again False report blamed on a miscommunication They're alive. Oh, they're dead. Well. Well. We don't know. Oh, we said yeah, oh, there's that jacket. It's not true Straight self-uncomfortable. You'll remember after the TW way 747 crash over years ago Right in New York and then the Bob Francis came on there from the NTSB and him and the guy from the FBI They lied and they lied and oh brother Remember that I do they lie Anyway, you're love this story. This is amusing. I love we need a lot more of this prove Christ exists judge orders priest Really what is this going on and how can I watch oh? Well, you have to go to Italy, okay, and Italian judge has ordered a priest to appear in court this month to prove that Jesus Christ existed From the state what tickling myself. What are you really the case against father and we go wiki has been brought in the town of it terrible north of Rome by Luigi Castioli It retired agronomist to one study for the priest. It later became a militant atheist you go Luigi Senior cascule author of book called the fable of Christ began legal proceedings against father wiki three years ago After the priest announced senior cascule in the parish newsletter for questioning Christ historical existence or is that hysterical? Oh sweet Jesus. They're all alive that that was just so beautiful, you know They're all running around high five and then drive and everything and oh there lies a miracle They were ready to then pray. They're all playing they're all praying to God and Jesus to save them all and then Oji their dead well Jesus must have been busy Here we got all these college football games. He's probably bent on Texas When you think he'd bet on Texas Giants there are a lot more religious at least allegedly than USC I'll improve it's in California. That's right Yes, today guide tunnel my Tony a judge in Veterrable guide tunnel my Tony I just I just love Italian man social monsoes just can't get over it. It's just so wonderful although some of those people do smell bad a judge in Veterrabo said if he'll never hearing for the end of this month and ordered father wiki to appear Maybe you ought to order Jesus to appear The judge had earlier refused to take up the case, but was overruled last month by the court of appeal Which agreed that senior cascule they had a reasonable case for his accusation that father wiki was abusing popular credulity Jever abuse popular credulity that led the then every day. I think about it. Yeah, abuse it Senior cascule is contention echoed in numerous atheist but and by the way can I interrupt myself for one second if you must See the purpose of this show. I know this comes as a great talk to you is I'm not I'm not here peddling Toronto or Canada or Upstate New York or any other place on our role or Berlin wherever you like it as the Chinese say Gagos of their hate gay. That's it. Have a good time. If you like it in Fayetteville or Carolina You all have a good time. You like it in the entry. You have a swing in time So this I love these people are trying to convince me like it's there everything in Florida's got to be a big argument All in all this is better than where you are the hour. Whatever Believe me. I have been there recently. Oh Senior cascule is contention echoed in numerous atheist books and internet sites is that there was no reliable evidence That Jesus lived and died in first century Palestine apart from the gospel accounts which Christians took on faith There was therefore no basis for Christianity claims. I was existed What do I know being the militant bastard atheist that I am? Senior cascule is one man campaign came to a head at a court hearing last April when he lodges accusations of abuse of Papyrus quickly and impersonation both offenses out of the Italian penal code He argued that all claims for the existence of Jesus from sources other than the Bible stem from authors who live after the time of hypothetical Jesus and were therefore not reliable witnesses. I don't want to have a wonderful feet Paul in mind. You know, solve Paul whatever calm this week Senior cascule maintains that early Christian writers confused Jesus with John of Gamma Gamma and anti-Roman Jewish Insurgent and first century Palestine Insurgent church authorities with therefore guilty of substitution of persons Kind of like a illegal substitution in a football game So while you Christians out there 15 yards in the the down stays the same The Roman historians test it as insutonious mention a christus or christus But we're writing well after the life of the purported Jesus and relying on hearsay. Oh, no Didn't I have like no printing press where they read the good books? No, here this father now see here Father Reggie said there was overwhelming testimony to Christ's existence and religious and secular text Millions had an in case believe in Christ is both man and son of God for 2000 years. What a good scan If casculei does not see the son of the scod Medehy can not sue me because I see it and he does not father Reggie said Senior casculei said that the gospel themselves were full of inconsistent sees and didn't agree on the names of the 12 apostles even He said that he would withdraw his legal action if Father Reggie came up with him Irreffutable truth of Christ's existence by the end of the month The Vatican is so far decline to comment and then of course this story now what websooter? Oh the times the bread paper times online The UK now we have to have the evidence Ready for the evidence I'm hanging on the gospel say that Jesus was born to the virgin Mary and Bethlehem grew up in Nazareth preached in perform miracles in Galilee and died in the cross in Jerusalem But what kind of evidence is that the gospel say the gospel written long after he allegedly died right in Is antiquities of the Jews at the Emily 1st century Josephus the Jewish historian refers to Jesus as a wise man a Doer of wonderful works who drew over to him many of both the Jews and many of the Gentiles Goyam Muslims believe Jesus was a great prophet many Jewish theologians regard Jesus as an itinerary rabbi who popularized mainly beliefs of liberals Jews Oh Jesus was a liberal well, we do that neither Muslims are Jews believe he was the Messiah and Son of God Which we also know that that's the bulletin The pastor this the Roman historian who live from 55 to 120 mentions Christus in the in his anal I annals in About 120 suit Tony a south of the lives of the seas who says since the Jews constantly made the stirpens is at the Instigation of Christus emperor Claudius expel them from Rome honors Jews were always making trouble You know I was looking for wholesale right make a god not to show the neighbors man. Oh man I didn't tell you because you weren't there about the around me. It's not a big deal. It's not like a story But when I was in the Amsterdam and Skiphole waiting to come back from my Amsterdam to Toronto And the two Orthodox Jews the Getskis with the big hats and the whole and the whole I don't know It's just affected me in a way that never has before working I get what about sets Huh, we're gonna get one of those big hats. Oh Run it look like a hockey puck while you're all the count. You gotta be able to hook you up He got those to fill in on another star. I got to return your voice male David. Sorry What about this he wants he was a wish and we have be holidays over the holidays and I was just too wrapped up to return anybody's calls Boy talk about a Getsky. Oh suit wrapped up get it. Yeah, I just said I'm fine. I slow down Speaking of that speaking of a sliding. I don't see how that pulls coming Neo Rogers is what do we got 744 hosts? We might have an outside shadow in a thousand during the show, but I don't want to like now You think no maybe 20 with that Why why why not why should we go there too much pressure too much stress? We don't want to get stressed right? I don't want to get that pressure back up take a little bit light take it light Neo keep it light Neo Rogers is very entertaining 303 a voice of reason 163 a genius 95 and you should live so long a fat old Fag 89 You get in close a panic 43 sale 28 that means the 14 votes each for mole and Mrs. Moe Divisive 11 God 7 pouring six well God can be boring need doing much Obviously is not responding to anybody's prayers boring six a big at five and the antichrist so on They trace at a 7483 only three antichrist when you double that multiply times Whatever right right hundred eleven Soccer families and swingers do not mix Especially when the parents of adolescent soccer players checked their daughters into a hotel And was hosting a new year's e-partie for more than 200 self-ascribed swingers who deserved a downstairs ballroom along with rooms on the ninth floor Parents who traveled from South Carolina and clear water To bring they were 11 to 13 year old daughters to a five-day soccer tournament said they were shocked By the parade of sexually adventurous partygoers who sent shade to the glass and closed atrium Sometimes flashing breast and bear buttocks and further children Back over how do you like that a lot like it a lot that you did I knew you would They described the dress as some of the swimmers at the crown plaza hotel airport in Orlando as see if you know that when you broke down You to stay there no question They described address as wrongy despicable and worse than prostitutes lost prostitutes We thought we were coming to Orlando not to Las Vegas strips at Mar Gilbert father of a 13 year old replace on the clear water chargers A group of 13 and under players The teams booked the 92-dollar and I'd room us for a Disney soccer showcase sponsored by Disney wide world of sports to the internet from Anthony travel They said hotel management didn't tell them about the swingers party or try to keep the uninhibited adults away from their children Hotel managers wouldn't comment However, however several hotel employees who spoke on the condition of course of anonymity like just about everybody else Said about 200 swingers attended the New Year's Eve party Saturday night about half the number the attendance similar of any year Earlier one employee said the party was advertised on the swing or website and participants Some of whom engage in partners swapping and voyeurism came from across the USA All of the swimmers All of the swimmers had checked out the hotel by late Sunday and could be reached for comment We're not prudes by any means that rob young of Greenville, South Carolina who said his two daughters Lea 13 and Lauren 11 were asking questions that were difficult to answer like one of those big briefs What it's all about? We would have liked to have been informed when we checked the hotel so we could have made other arrangements He said young said hotel manager one point told the children from Carolina elite soccer academy to move on to lobby into the swimming pool area The kids could see through the glass at him into the bat ballroom where naked people were dancing young said They were exposed breasts songs That's with a TH songs and seafood dresses on women who weren't wearing any underwear Young city complaint hotel management and the john Hollis and octodero and o police officer asking if the swimmers Gonna be kicked out of the hallways in lobby. He said needfully officer know the manager acted on his complaints He said you mama Hollis was heard by hotel for new years Eve security detail did not witness any violation of the law Lieutenant John Meina a was commander for the Orlando police said Sunday night Officials of Anthony travel couldn't be reached for it. I already said that didn't yes Walker down 15 and then a race track like Dorfield I No, I'm way over but I got it finished this. Sorry locker down 15 city was walking through the lobby about 8 p.m. Saturday with a sister Molly 13 and two of her friends But he saw something he'll never forget some lady pulled her skirt down and the show I black thong with diamonds and Walker a Tenth grade with mold and high school and mold and september line It may be uncomfortable because that was there of my family You've heard they weren't there. Yeah, he liked it a lot Walker's mother Julie down say 43 registered nurse that are children asked whether we're treated their rooms could party on New Year's Eve Paul Camparini brought his wife some of the great daughter and he created some from safety harbor Said he had a delicately explained to my Catholic school children that swingers change partners during the evening Camparini 49 did a son initially didn't want to travel to watch his sister play soccer but stop the swingers party was downright hilarious You go boy trust me sometimes they do it during the day two my biggest record is that hotel on two to stinkly different groups Under the same roof a soccer team and middle-aged swingers should not have been booked together Oh maybe the you know Maybe the soccer team would like to participate and ever know or at least we'll make it a little along the practice makes perfect 12 15 a Q a s This is real Rogers This is five 16 There was a no farmer who live don't a rock He's adding the mellow just sleeping is that some boys who were down by the prick There being the water there ends on their marbles and play things and at last more their table young lady She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and leases and white-plucked dark She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptius in later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the mellow was rubbing her eye at the fellow Found by the dog He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big face out front If he asked her phone lightly she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to this and Maybe she went and grabbed hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick and Then she then over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter Scott and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf If they this is dirty you can go 12 19 136 over 90 Yeah, in the right direction at least what's wrong with that in the middle of the show right and it's not that bad I'll be where mine. Next time I do show see what happens. Yeah, we're in don't bring it just wear it. Yeah, don't wear it So Marie-Dadra all breaking news waiting for us from the mine coming to the Oh, yeah, the one and it's a good distraction. We need a minute We sure want to talk about Jack Abraham often all those that big Republican scandals coming up with their saying is gonna make water He looks like a Sunday walking or can't wait And it's something That's fine That's fine. That's the game. That's small potatoes Well, I just in fact funny should mention that I just said they're long a story to Josh there about the the NSA with the ones who initiated the whole spy program in the first place So all this crap about well, he's got to protect American that's not a bunch of baloney. Of course it is right Well, everything oh, you know, it's natural security and it's shameful that anybody let that out And it's a system with established for them to spy and he violated it right that is correct That's why they have the emergency courts right the secret courts so we can go there They don't even have to get a warrant all they have to do is just a we want to do this. Okay. Go ahead They can do it approval and they can they can apply for the war three days Little later retroactive like you said but no Not that because in fact now they're saying that they're they're you drive there wire tapping and you dropping over 500 people a year Mm-hmm and of course who knows who those people on my feet and what are the stories that I posted you might have read it or not The NSA also sharing the information that they got it with other agents like the CIA and the cry So even if you're you're not involved in spying or terrorism or anything like that They're gonna get you on something that's right when you hear that little not kind of do right about to a clock and I'm warning you won't be Xavier as far as in his bathroom Okay, or maybe will be Marine downright. It's not personal jacket strictly business How do you like that that Marine man? She just continues to establish and astound I think what you try to say is you're taking a sparing person like that This is early long so bear with me. Okay, oh, okay, and that is good as all those great calls we've had so far But they have really just awakened my but The site of Jack Abramaw is trying out a federal court here yesterday looking like a stocky gangster from a 40s movie and black fedora and trench coat Macy like the strongest evidence so far of how graft and hubris have overwhelmed the capital and Could have been a scene from the gun father a favorite film of the phloenious lobbyist The Washington Post report of that he did business with people linked to the underworld built Indian trams of tens of millions and And elaborished up bundle and travel gambling profits on greedy members of Congress The post-administer Abraham off-loved to a musical ex-vimitating Michael Corleone as he rejected a corrupt Paula Pellett business for demand for a share of mafia gambling money Senator you can have my answer now if you like my offer is this nothing Yeah, but we're just an interlovin a do Which is because this is a scale of immorality and blatant sale of government that astonishes even Washington, Sinix I look on the dark side The abraham off-play bargain may have left his former business partners in political pal's panicking One to give the rat will rat them out They were voting congressmen Tom Daly and botany are among these sleazy solans cut up in the scandal and House Speaker Dennis Hasterd Scramble yesterday to longer $69,000 in dirty abraham off contributions donating the water to charity and then there's Ralph Reed the Cariboy Bible thumper who uses links to Christian groups to a more immorally Pliantian a play Indian trams off against each other But looking at the big picture in some ways the imperial presidency is working out quite well for everyone Think about it all those congressmen don't really need to do their jobs anymore But the president able to make war more or less as he chooses treat the enemy as he sees good and snoop on Americans at will I represented it's have more time for the duty many are clearly best suited to playing golf gratis in Scotland Remember how the White House press used to give poor bill Clinton such a hard time about mere Mulligan's Now that ticchania's read Congress from the father of advising and work consenting lawmakers can work on new ways to gain the system and Wallow in the GOP's culture of corruption while tut cutting about the decline in the American world values Since the Republican run capital doesn't have to worry about holding the bush white house accountable for excesses in torture and spine and the other Marie raises place itself above the law congressmen have more leisure hours for Abraham lost success to treat them to some redskins games and state dinners Chexon balances and hours quay does these unique conventions Congress is complicit in putting it some on the scale for the executive branch The post reported a deputy of taking the bench of an innovation started years ago by Samuel Alito Jr. to shore up executive privilege As the young justice department lawyer in the Reagan administration Mr. Alito created the strategy that has the president declare what law means when he signs them Mr. Alito wanted the courts to focus as much on the presence interpretation of a law is on what he called legislative intent W. Hissin should at least a hundred eight such statements the process rejecting provisions and bills that the White House Regard is interfering with its powers national security intelligence policy and law enforcement And since the imperial presidency is run by the vice president W. Hissin a lot of freedom to do things he likes to do can find with his wife and mother and law to crop her ranch He spent his Christmas vacation mountain biking and curing brush He left the ranch for a brief visit at brok Army Medical Center in San Antonio where he kidded in a way that again showed his jarring lack of empathy with the amputees from Rack and Afghanistan As you can probably see I have an injury myself not here at the hospital that incumbent with a cedar I eventually won the cedar gave me little scratch as a matter of fact the curlized if I needed first eight when she first saw me I was able to avoid any major surgical operations here, but thanks for your compassion turtle To see that little scratch on his forehand you know Maybe they're doing a little about me W also used the occasion to defend any so need in euthropping program that made even John Ashcroft and his deputy James Colmy skittish As the times reported and the cardinal birth organ Zollins had to make an emergency trip to see the reluctant Mr. Ascroft in the hospital in mark 2004 to get the program re-certified because Mr. Coleman had blocked You know you're in trouble when John Ascroft is worried about overreaching It's just marine doubt that's today's conference in Woodrow times. I want to know who that is based out the same New York Times that had the big headline on the front pages morning is that so many other American newspapers Miracle rescue all 12 a 12 live out in the coal mine Oops How do you like that? I guess that's one reason that newspaper sucks is this going to be a really crappy now I wonder how many newspapers had to final the ordnable last night Josh What? What time did that came in they went in three over times? I don't know I didn't watch the end of the game well neither die you'd been up till two thirty in a morning who the hell knows what time that game I'm sure somebody would know not important stuff Come on baby Penn State state's and the crazy Joe paternal now I do only one who thinks that his behavior is outrageous or what Josh No, he's he's lost it a long time ago over the top baby and like a lunatic like a madman Bitching out the referee swearing and cursing and yelling and just spitting blood. Well, they won the game though And that's good point if you weren't like 92 and you know, yeah, but I think it's legacy man. That's his legacy bad uniforms by the way I don't care if they want their uniform suck and how about those hurricanes? 40 to three Against LSU and not exactly I mean, you know Was that embarrassing or what and then they could fire like three or four coaches? Yeah, pho Not coach cocoa but full coaches had to go because at UM against just like noted name You know if you don't if you don't win every game you're out And noted name on a blues in that game to the end of the hurricanes LSU 40 UM three they didn't get the first to be posted again But that's something to be said Something yeah, now what was that was that the cracker barrel? Fiesta taco schmaco what was that that was the chick filet all the chick filet all right Even coach cocoa was saying well, yeah, we're honored to be in the chick filet a piece bowl Whatever he's talking about 28 well not much honor anymore when he was 40 to three to a girl school 28 past noon at five 60 WC away I'm a human to dead and job it underpaid if your new his resolutions and get you a high pain to be in a likely better right now Pick up the photo call fast train right now at one 86 fast train fast train will get you trained already for a new high pain career Just a few short months that's correct You can obtain that new high pain career in just a few short months the demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now So it all time high fast train offers convenient day evening we can classes to job placement assistance financially for people to qualify So pick up that phone call fast train toll free one 86 six fast train fast train is placed over a hundred individuals just like you in 2005 So check fast train out on the web at fast train.com Act now in order to obtain you new high pain career classes are quickly filling don't miss the train of opportunity this year called 1 86 fast train there is absolutely no obligation to come to Tondrick Totally to call the give a big chuck a lot of that this year make your news resolution reality get yourself a job and a real life By calling fast train today This is This is a Are you tired of the same old same old when it comes to ice cream parlors Boy well You're alive from a company that brought you the successful ice cream chain fast get Robin 41 flavors Please you the first ever inner city ice cream parlors from public enemies number two reference Introducing basket robins 31 flavor flames Yeah, boy that's right at 31 flavor flames with little something something an ordinary ice cream Instead of a boring old chocolate at 31 flavor flames It's called scoop a chocolate bitch and boy They'll let's not forget about the scrumptious treat rocky road mother Fuck us there's also neapolitan can kiss my black ass strawberry can suck my ghetto And our brand new flavor moods tracks up on your what ass yeah 31 flavor flames where our motto is stop it and grab a scoop fish Let's play that 100 times what do you say do it good bleaching it you know what we got what we're gonna do a thousand votes today What a good way for me to break in the new year? I can't believe you did a show on Monday and either can you oh, I was a shock to the ladies that nobody else is working Either well see so I see this thing you got to do the money yesterday because money was just like a walkover was like a Yes, yeah, you told my material and love they said nothing for yesterday Well, you should just done it again because nobody obviously was listening money anyway. Oh, we did now this show is very Stale is no question about that. I'm boring, but we do have 799 which means by the top of the hour We'll have like probably each 20-y 30 we got a shot of a thousand of a which would be a fine way to start the new year even Josh and being pressed by that I would be a better way Josh was really bitching you out bad when you run vacation about sending him evening and stories every day well, you know I mean, I know your conscientious you want to do a good job on it, but like you know I have to get through the first 60 stories you got to realize that this young man has got Others don't understand they weren't redundant. I made sure that each one was unique and different and important. Yeah, there you go Josh Okay He's see that's not I don't think he's so full. I think he's gonna have to try a little harder than that Oh, he said he didn't want to do the money. Where do I sure? Okay, I don't know the other look good. Well, it's gonna save me a lot of cash I can't keep waiting for that thing to cross over to 800 something. Oh, you got it. Yeah, oh They're coming in by the ones now. So as I said we're going for a thousand a stop 800 votes on our very scientific pool And I take it very personal by the way, but my blood fursures come back down and let me see this we went through this once before Remember Couple years ago and I said I wouldn't talk to those people when it came in there We went through the whole thing and my problem is that I backslide So to speak and I'm just not doing it no more. I mean you want to come in to aggravate me in the morning on that end I'm just gonna get more count In fact, I can just hit the button here and just shut off that return pot I'm right in button you could be gone back by and I don't even hear it. I like that That's probably the best idea. Oh, so I guess it is So people like twice draft for okay stick all a crap on here that you want baby whatever you like But just stay out of my face and you're not driving my Corvette and I don't want anything to do with it And just go away and as far as fat boys concerned, are you still alive? Yeah, I'm on this board maybe the rumors on him are odd dammit I was thinking maybe he was like those cool miners. It was a false report Let me kill me. I am hello Hey, you know how you doing okay, sir. Hey, I want to know something Don't we all how do you think the American people feel about the United States being the only country to In fate another country that has weapons and mass destruction and then I use it on us. They actually go and hide their weapons Well They didn't have a little hands any my friend. They were hiding them. Get it. Yeah They don't have any exactly. Yeah Oh boy You know see people are trying to be clever when they call it about as clever as a fart, you know Oh man, I seriously that that Guinea foul That made me cut the foulest cheese. I think in my I even I was getting grossed out. I went oh boy Good thing that was like all that big space in the upper deck there in first class Man 567. Oh 560 pound 560 in Verizon singer because you know when it makes you swoon If anybody else walks by and catches wind of it. They're gonna look at you like all my god What died and crawled inside your back though man, right? WKOM hello all thank god you're back WKOM hello Okay, palmy just want to wish you happy I'm happy birthday happy anniversary and happy shivu Okay, and happy tish above too and I'm about those peter WQA and hello Yes, I was a game last night. I got over quarter after a warrant We're after one okay. Thanks so much. I went to the mega leasing over time a game was over And that sounds about right to me so the newspaper is all went to bed before the game was over And before they found out that those cool miners daughters and all that other stuff they're all they See if you're wondering about politics in American my things are the way they are and I you know I don't want to like trample on people when they're when they're down and they got all I grief and stuff But have you noticed I mean you really can't help it Because even the food channel has got the a cool miner story on 24 seven now Have you noticed those people and I use that term very loosely? Oh, yeah, yeah I'm kind of surprised because West Virginia is very often the votes democratic Isn't she Rockefeller from West Virginia? Yeah, oh, yeah I guess maybe the Democrats are in the cool mine They've worked in the cool mine Whoop No, no, we Dorsey very good is it really if it was wow See it took me about three seconds while I haven't heard that song in a long long time lead or see no relation no kid to Tommy Dorsey or Jimmy Dorsey Oh, I can't believe or what was the quarterback for the hurricanes? There was name Dorsey kind of or season? That's it Kenny wow Do I know my Dorsey's or what huh? I know I'm right You raised to now my my pressure is coming on down very nice. I hate to break the news to you have your chance You could have got me when it was like 172 over one old whatever was you had your chance to get a start again We all and now it's like no problem. No sweat ski man Not back to like abnormal So that's the stories you maniac. Yeah, you idiots. You know the other story that song you should have played What Tennessee or any for you? I don't think we have that in here you load 16 times you don't have 16 times Look in though come on and that's one that was number one for about 400 weeks How much I've actually snooky Lance and saying that on your hit parade I've had to book around we do we close We have a Johnny Cash version Hey, that's a good If it's on here that means it was a hint kind of sees wasn't I'm working are you crazy That was not a hint well killing That was not a hint and let me get the book Oh, I just have like top five stuff that didn't make it in the bus app when you want to start giving me a saw in a dance about Oh, let's see if I like the Tennessee report version much better for what it's worth let me let's get it again and remember this I only have from 1960 up it was probably up kicks Yeah Let's see now what they'll be under forward and here's your old forward He's still alive to man to keep trying to take him out your old forties still alive What do we have to squeaky from things about that number squeaky from yeah, it's our just the other day Tennessee or any for it was number one for eight week 16 tons 11 12 55 November 55 I guess I got that well how do you like that number one for eight weeks baby? It was huge it was gigantic it sucks it was on capital records You know and you said snap the fingers. You know what they are really and not three you're good at I don't know about you I well how do you do it? I'm not a good finger snapper or there you go You got practice I'm gonna finger cracker. Oh, what like that? That's that all the time a knuckle cracker, huh? I'm snapping all the time and I'll tell you and Pat cool probably also a little piece of tribute that you're dying to know Pat bull in the most song love letters in the sand on dot records Remember on a day you couldn't sing a lick you could look it but he couldn't sing a lick All right, we did have a cute boon in the box, but he did the whistling on that song Remember day in the middle they have bridge What you got it love letters in the sand Pat who you don't you don't don't man That's I thought you had the ultimate collection in there man. You better get with those time life people and start for expanding your collection Got that he river See I know my Pat boom. It's your trust me. What about this one? If I could hear I could probably know better. It was a moonlit night. Oh, yeah, it was a Pacamoon lit night I walked alone a piece of old Adobe Hussian So that was that I heard the play I have heard it was a hit of a young now It was a hit, but it just isn't ringing any bells in the mind Oh, it's really on So any go Oh, it's a speedy ride speedy a Gonzalez There you go, it's been a alien Gonzalez right away You better come home speedy gone Not I rather hear 2D fruity that's enough for a lifetime and if you ask me and spread of Oslo's protests You friar yeah always look a little 2D fruity to me 19 to one then they a Momized you're coming along into a clock and what are we to start the new year? This is new The John Runnand files to this day the government refuses to release them tonight Other history channel you will find out why only this to each channel has uncovered never heard before Cates of Lenin's rehearsal sessions recorded under their constant surveillance of the FBI I know myINE or pull a film down, and still they do. A mad bed, still no club, How much would that go? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Aren't you an out-troubles in Thailand? If I should be fucked right now, that way, I don't idea. And as you would, both of us. Thank you. Around the town of the centre, we had the kids who get your balls to a grade. When the phone is, don't you attack. You've had a back-body mating the rack. And I can pack up fellow bulls. We need all the news and news. So I can show you some triumphant down. I'll make where I know. It's too big, how do you start? You want to go to jail? I need a back-body mating head. Good answer. I'm a little boy. Just call the little girl the eye of the stupid ass out there. Jay, and get the bell. Change about the middle button. And his 15 dress, and yet sweet neck, He likes best-for-a-day night toll, Up-to-ter. Or the winking night on pizza, Little clever, old, white, white, blind, and drag. Busy, old, the fads, not his type of hell. That's the flow. Hey, you're all going to get busted. I'll touch the social arm. Just have a little bit of golden. H-R, old rhythm. H-R, old rhythm. Love to see John Dean's wife beat the ball. 1248 at 5.60W to QI. I'm happy New Year happy Wednesday, January 4. 844. We need 1506 hosts between now and 2 to get that thousand. I think we'll do it. Can't you smell it? I suppose that could be the snack. I must be fat boy being in the building. I'm bigger-porting. I'm sniffing the snatcher marker. Former Washington lobbyist Jack A. Were mulled for clearly the federal corrupting charges and washed in yesterday. Pines today. And just a few minutes to plead guilty in a separate case in Miami. Involving the purchase of Rower Based Sun Cruise Cousinos a fleet of gambling ships. He's scheduled a repair and federal court at 1 p.m. today. 12 minutes from now. A Vermont and his business partner Adam Kadan 41 were indebted last summer charges of beforeating lenders and there are 147 and a half million dollar purchase of the floating gambling operation they bought the company in 2000. South Florida Prosecutors charged the pair with line the lenders about putting down 23 million to qualify for a 60 million dollar loan they never made the down payment. Ah details, you know. They should have called die tech. Could end 41 to the gully last month to conspire with Abraham often a Sun Cruise case. And is if that is enough. Governor Jeff Bois your fat ass governor signed it a lot today and bill that allows four-brower parametrials to begin offering slot machine. Look at that good machine mine. As opposed to the good machine gun mine. That means that as soon as this summer three-way tracks and a fron ton can offer slot machines in addition to the dog and horse racing and high-line machines they are ready offer matches. Whatever. Horse racing and high-line matches. Do you ever go to horse racing match? Well lately they must wait high ever until the state department of business and professional regulation draws updated they guidelines for operating slots. Those rules would also include the way the slots work and guidelines that ensure the fairness of the machines mine. Oh everybody wants to get the hot machine mine. They would also include rules of what kind of background checks employees would undergo and how the proceeds from the slot machines would be audited. Proceeds from the machines will be taxed at 50% a ridiculous rate. Money that will go toward education Florida. Lawmakers have any entertainment. How they'll spend the money and estimated a hundred million dollars in the first year of operation. Lawmakers pay well we know about that but if you put a blue plan they drag their feet. We can already be a pay-a-half people plunging into a go-to. Wouldn't that be great but they're not. But this spring. I'm thinking by L. SyncoDemio. That's what I'm thinking. Okay. 5605060. Did we get any calls about the four-later nail airport? No. I'm sure the majority of the people in the visual are. Users are four-later nail Hollywood international. That will be probably most of them don't use terminal four. Like how do we're came to that? Everything I can't have in opinion since 9-11 because it used to be a higher and both. Yeah. There was nobody there. Right. And now you can't let you in past like just inside the sliding doors. That's about as far as you can go unless you're a ticket passenger. Right. So I had to be the adult escorting the teenagers back in there. So I got to go back in there and it was just fine. But I don't out front before they let you in. It's like standing remotely because it's so crowded. You know what I mean? Because they don't let anybody pass that point. Well did they have did you go through the security or not? I did. Yeah. I did they have that zigzag security where you go through that. I mean like a maze like in San Adel. No. I didn't go there during a rush time. Huh? I didn't go during a busy time. Oh. Maybe that's why they had that maze because it was so busy. Probably. Amazing. Crazy people. Come any QAN? Hello. Yes sir. And what they're not talking about with the mining accident on the news. It's the most important thing. That police had 205 violations last month for health and safety. Yeah we know that. That says they must be talking about otherwise we wouldn't know that. When I saw that on TV nobody said the talk to about it. Sure then. But where did you find out about it? Another radio station. Yeah. And that's where the whoever was on radio station is full of crap because I've seen that on the TV coverage a million times already. Well I didn't. Well not. What show did you hear that on? On scam America. Oh well, Scarameraf is full of crap. Okay we get like it's a big exclusive. Okay it's been on there eight billion times already and they've shown the chart how many they had last year and either in the opinion of Pollock crap. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Also the people who have to guide us run to the agency use to be a coal mining executive. Yeah. There's that really surprising. I mean the way it's president's doing. I'm asking a question. I'm asking a question. Why are you so worried about that? Because the media tells you to be worried about it. And now the disaster wait this administration runs itself. No that's the way the people around themselves. Okay as they let the media tell them what they ought to be all whipped up into a frenzy about. That's why I couldn't give a flying crap. A lot of crap crap crap crap less about this so cool mine thing. And guess what's on CNN right now? Live on the air right after it happened. There's just so many. I mean 80,000 guesses okay. Again it's the risk of sounding in sensitive. There's people going all over the place all the time. And especially the 2,200 that interact based on a bunch of lies. But the media doesn't want to cover that very much because it's bad for business. So let's zero in on the the hysterical story do you sure which we've seen any billion hours of coverage on. Well let's use to put air america man you get some exclusive crap that nobody else will know. Tony. Sure. Yeah. What a you bet. I got two stories by Doug Thompson your favorite. Yes he is. I got all his stories on there. I don't know if you know good for you. Vosious drinking and drug use must be investigated. Anti-gay group disrupts funerals of slain soldiers. But first speaking of stories that we have to be really whipped up into a frenzy about. So one of the first thing George said to me this morning said why should we care about that. Thompson for a long day who went to a wreck. And I thought to myself for a second I said. Good question. For I don't. I mean he's got a bad nose. And then come to find out that after I see it's like this story that we're supposed to be whipped up. For the cold miners they give you the false information. Like all of his kids sneak out of the house and he somehow he managed to get. Colony. Then he was the one who said it all up for him. How do you like that? You didn't see that didn't you the follow up? No I didn't. I've been ignoring it. His information comes on the TV. I came to channel. What you're taking. And American team who cut class to make a solo trip to a wreck we turned two day. Two days to his exclusive private school where official said they weren't sure how to punish him. Fair how about sending him to Abugar right. Ferris Hassan will not be expelled from Pancras but the 16 year old junior could lose his honorable status. Face requirement and the service or have points deducted from his grain for an average for skipping class. Said Lord is Calgill. President of the prep academy about son and students in Fort Lardadale. What are Florida's Calgill's kind of the cow seals? Remember the cow seals? Yeah. And here. Right. And everything. Here. You got here? Uh-huh. Not much. Not on the top. Hands on gray. I know. Still she seemed amazed by the voice Odyssey. This is probably the most egregiously interesting as could pay the students of Hedepank. I hope it doesn't get any better than this she said. What could it be to the mind of a 16 year old who knows if face. The son who my god. Now maybe this one doesn't have the story that I saw the update on it. That he comes to find out was the one that set up the flight and the range for the hotel for him to stay. And then of course the kid won't want to bring out in the streets. And everybody started looking at him funny. I'll have better go home. But cool to hell are you and what are you doing here and when you like to live another day. Stuff like that. You know? We're supposed to care about this. If I remember the reminds me of a ranzia that posted the illegal aliens that kids stuck in the wheel well of airplanes. You know what I'm talking about? Right. That one is the smuggler. Right. In the wheel well of airplanes. Oh, we're supposed to be really with them about that. You know, there's too many important things going on. Like Howard Stern about an unallairing king for the hour. Model 90. There you go. For the hour. Pouring some more publicity. Next call on how he. So let me ask you. You think that traditional first of your radio will be able to continue after. I don't know somehow we all seem to be still on the air and collecting a big fat one every two weeks. While everybody in their brothers trying to pedal a song to dance, the last time I checked, they still got three million subscribers and next time it's got five million and an equal and I've called that much. See what I'm saying? What do you say? I mean, what's three million and in fact the other thing I read was that Oprah and Anthony are not used to not like not getting any calls. Can you want to know why that is? Because they're on XM and is anybody listening there? No. Nobody's listening to Oprah and Anthony. So I'd be like that. Although it would be nice to have like a whole new, you know, a new horizon, a new bunch of not fruit cakes out there as opposed to the usual fruit cakes. But nevertheless, we'll just have to make do if we ever decide we get like a, let's say we need a station manager, a sales manager, a operations manager, some sales people. What are we going to have? Oh, please. What are these things? What is it? What's the work on it? Yeah. A sports lay eyes, a liaison guy. See what they're doing is they're like eliminating positions. And what I heard and it could be just a rumor but I heard that they eliminated the favorite position. You've heard it's Neil Rodgers. That's him. This is 5.16. Two days. But it's the one to do our. Our soldiers just know that they're close to the ground. I saw him out of my mouth so scary to see if he's not my cause. Overbrew. Think of the. And let's make far. Oh, now. So big. Oh, round. Oh, round. I'm in my shaving cream. So I left it home. My face. And I went to work under black nature. And I was fired in this screen. Drive in home. I was all alone. Take a simple way and trick somebody. I believe you better. I could see Jesus. There is back at me. I saw Jesus. I saw him all alone. I saw him all. And my mouth off to the. And the seat's been in my heart. Oh, my friends. Think of the. And the. And the. And the. So big. Love. I saw. So big. So I saw her all alone. So. So. I saw him in a boat with me feeding him the shadows, my first car Yes, I saw him in this boat with me, my lover, my lover I saw him in this boat with me, my lover, my lover You fair, I saw him home, I found a boat with me, to the park All my friends, they got much Downed into it, they fought All my sorters, all the sins All the love, all the love, all the love They're very easy to hear These are all of the players, man, one, two, a five, sixty, never cue him They just showed the USA today headline Miracle, 12 miner saved yada yada yada, how do you like that? Talk about having egg on your ear Wow, I still don't care about it 872 boats on a pool and we've got a shot of a thousand, that's what we care about The Orochis is very entertaining, you believe us? No, somebody thinks so 343, voice of reason, one ninety five When I read in the weekly reader that they had all those violations of the cool minors Yeah, it's a bulletin Genius, one-on-one Like that In fact, I got my dentist dig right now, I'm picking bacon bits out of my teeth A fat old bag 87, a panic 48, these are real panic Stale 32, most of those are mo, God 24, I'd hear like that Damn God The advice of 13, the anti-Christ 8, boring 7 and a big at six See a little bit of big at an everybody, like Jimmy Timmy Dean So we moved that one up a little bit, see if we get to nine hundred, that's 85, what's we get those other 25? We get down over there, it's downhill, right? Right, we roll right to that thousand man, but a good way, we believe you were the good feeling As I lay stroked out on the floor with my head off to one side Actually, my pressure is down very nicely, good I'm ready to do another three four hours, how's it that joint would help tomorrow? Or speak of that, good segue for Doug Thompson, the capital hill blue, the rant Forses drive and drinking and drug use must be investigated, he says This is kind of a long one, he's looking at the long stuff Is it a little bit long, it's long, it's real long, good I think I got time to do it too, it's real long He says it's my belief that person in Bush is drinking again, even worse he may be missing alcohol and anti-depressants A dangerous combination for anyone, let alone the so-called leader of the free world No one would have any proof of this just random events and comments from those who work in and around the Bush administration And who tell me that Bush has acted in ways that suggests the use of alcohol and drugs I'm recovering alcohol, I'm so we're 11 years, six months and 24 days And I've run across a lot of relapse drinkers who show the same symptoms as the present including Blanking out while watching television alone Slurred speech and stemming responses to simple questions, anger and hostility in front of staff members Unesplained bruises on his face and trouble remembering recent events or comments A lot about that scratch on his forehead During his trip to Mongolia last November where he was evidently seeking out other Mongolian idiots Bush openly sanded the local drink air ag, which is fermented milk with an alcohol content ranging from 3 to 12% In other words, booze Same trip where George tried to evade reporters questioned by attempting to walk out a locked door And then turned sheepishly to the cameras and said he was jet lag Some of the events that is tried was on steady and speech was slurred Uh-oh According to reports President Bush may be drinking and they would let him in sit in late night monlogue And I thought well why not he's got everybody else drinking Rumors that Bush was hitting the bottle surface and washed in two years ago Sources told us the present was using anti depressants in 2004 we reported the story The same sources told us last year he was drinking again and we reported an August The National Enquirer also ran a front page story on it But no mainstream media. Let's pick up on the story An August 27th of last year the Houston Chronicle reported on a party of Bush's ranch noting that Nothing the president said could be quoted But it's rare that reporters get underrated uninterrupted access to him for 90 minutes Especially when Buries served Bush who gave up drinking years ago drinking non-alcoholic buckler In alcoholics and anonymous we were in the stay away from a so called non-alcoholic beer Or a near beer as it's called the rude doesn't affect contain some alcohol in concrete Where we knew desire for mole The November issue of the journal alcoholism clinical and experimental research sites study by a team of California scientists Report the justice smell of non-alcoholic beer may be enough to trigger cravings And a subsequent relapse among certain alcoholics And my original articles about Bush's bonds with anger and depression are quoted duck through Gerald Frank A George Washington University psychiatrist author of the book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president Two questions that the press seems especially determined to ignore have hung silently in the year since before Bush took office doctor Francis is he still drinking and if not as he impaired by all the years he did spend drinking Both questions need to be addressed in any serious assessment of his psychological state Doctor Frank's analysis of the president which is based on watching and reading And not actual treatment of Bush agrees with those who told me the president also taking anti-depressants In writing about Bush's halting appearance in a press conference just before the start of the Iraq war Washington Post media critic Tom Shell speculated that the president may have ever been so slightly inmedicated Dr. Frank explains Bush's behavior is all too typical of an alcoholic who is still in denial The pattern of blame in denial which recovering alcoholics were so hard to break seems to be ingrained in the alcoholic personality It's rarely limited to his or her drinking he is the habit of placing blame in denying responsibility So prevalent in George Bush's personal history that's apparently triggered by even the mildest threat None of this of course proves that Bush is drinking again or taking anti-depressants The only evidence we have a Bush drinking is the sampling of a local alcohol based drinking Mongolia And it's consumption of a so-called an alcoholic beer to party in proper Texas, but But my instincts tell me he's doing both booze and drugs and I believe as both a journalist and recovering alcoholic That he needs to prove to Americans that he's not attempting to govern while under the influence The longer mark climate writing in the reality based community notes lower over with rare exceptions The press seems very reluctant to mention heavy drinking by officials even when it's widely known Ted Kennedy's drinking gets an occasional mention But I bet that most of Pat Moynihan's constituents never knew their brilliant senator face they permit and battle with the bottle If Gary Hartstaking problem has ever made the newspapers I've missed it there was behavior in the Don and Rice Affirmative pretty obvious Those in the no-one understood that the frequent media references to bill wells is lazy And this has got her massive chooses refer to his persistent difficulty in keeping himself vertical after lunch But again the voters didn't even formally do's get the same delicate treatment Boris Jelsen's erratic behavior was in fact quite regular and predictable once vodka was entered in the equation Climate is right about morning hands drinking could find the senator capital hill watering holes almost any night Lunching in May different lunching in May different directions at once while stirping down his drinks A number of members of Congress are notorious drugs, but their annex are almost never reported by the press unless they get Neo for DUI or caught Flawicking nude in the title basin As a journalist, it's my duty to raise questions about the fitness of any elected leader Let me argue over whether or not it's proper to print speculation, but in this case I believe it's justified I'm doing my job. I just wish the so-called mainstream media would do theirs. He writes, how do you like that? You go Doug? Huh? All right, good work as always. Want to take a few calls? Do I want to know I want you to know? No, why don't you take a few? You might get some good ones today. 567 0560 You might get the guard over back for non-core All right, hey, yeah, we're run Now listen, we're not going to make that thousand votes the way this thing is going man. What do we got eight uh something? Eight ninety seven We get to about nine twenty five by the bottom of the are all fuel like that take a deep breath relax See here goes that pressure again lots of pressure Don't you feel the pressure? Yeah, a little bit different that I'm feeling like I cut in a big one It's a break since I'll go relieve it Really You have to be joking. I hope I just got a peanut Oh, I think you're just in on say see I mean a yeah an 11 Ha ha ha ha ha I'll take it home. The urge is going to do an 11 that's a one and a two and a one and a two and a one and a two over and over again Like I'll work as well. Would say five six seven. All look at that. W 2 a m hello I remember that last story there my friend. Yeah, but W 2 a m hello Hey, you know how you doing pretty good, pal. Hey, you know their head Mr. Wooder Everybody are fine Chris. She said that kid was the most interesting thing. Yeah, he's fascinated by it Yeah, I know but didn't married Terry go there to the porn star the ran for governor and telephone Beatle on a me. I think she graduated from fine Chris. Yeah, I think that's a whole lot more interesting the most of the boys there I would agree with that. Yeah, but I'm a good one guy. Okay, you two. See if he to eat it right off to Orlando and go to that swingers a hotel And people say I'll write a saloon man. He got a badge. No, it's a really badge. No, you know That's probably whether we're looking at What probably why blended it well. I will say this the Iraqi people. How do I say delicately are not among the most They are how I'll try to put it delicately. They were appearance challenged Maybe it's just our perception. You know no we're jaded by those. You know no No It's not correct. I'm supposed to be a palestinian people of whom I would say yeah, oh yeah, I haven't taken a consensus. I guess Man you gotta be kidding me That the Palestinians like to Jews are circumspect That's right why some of the Iraqis are also maybe even the women the Iraqis are also circumspect while they're a rad buzz I'm not when you're voting for all or you're a schmotha heads man all those raghead she ice See this is another thing that the mainstream media doesn't want to tell you too much about they tell you well Assunies are pissed off and are demonstrate well, that's only a part of these civil war that's going on there Plus of course the Kurds are all are racing toward those or gas oil type lines Then that's only a part of it part of the chaos But the fact that the most of the winners were the Shiite clerics who are just like the Iatola That's not exactly what anybody had in mind when they started making up stories Well, there's the Virginia governor who says but have eaten a looping and I didn't make it as a possibility We have one or two or three more There's anyone really now And we're I think the effort of questioning is other than their families and relatives is anybody really care Do you care do you really care about that story? Oh, what story? How about you Josh you all would have about that coal mine in story definitely not Dammit See this is your insensitive show man. We just don't care we're supposed to care because the media tells us oh You've got to be worried about this. I'm not like I care about spygate and abamun and all those people dying in Iraq including Americans who ought to be alive And I'll be family and the blowing up right that's a great room of good family values How about the innocent family where it's like now? It's maybe 14 innocent members got killed because it was the wrong Oops, they weren't as that's one of our favorite words. Oops that took him on the march 113 man you sweet little Jackie brides see there. I kind of be able to cover up with all these other side stories forever I mean there's always something going on But you'll see the day of reckoning is coming baby the day of reckoning becoming And time delay and Bob may and Woody Hayes and all these other people what do you say say he will he may is you'll see The crash gonna hit the fan It's a crap hit the fan in your house and it's all over the floor. Call our good friends it dry concepts because they are simply the best Carbric cleaning company in the world and they want to make your life a lot easier During this month during January Guy concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract Now dry concepts maintenance contractor for his use savings and real peace of mind enjoy the benefits of their planned Carpet drag training service not only will you save 50% off the regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the Adi benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there when you need him Right concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach rather than the common clean dirty carpet approach Don't be fooled by those 1995 specials that leave your carpet so for days without treating the real problems You've made a big investment those carpets of poultry and grapeberry so that drag concepts protect your investment Drag concepts for facial staff fully certified their service and standard is unmatched That's why I've used them in my home. It's over 20 long years now So take the worry about having your home sanitized out all year long with dry concepts maintenance program call them today And they'd rather than the fond beaches. It's a tool for you call the leave you mean nobody does a better job And they'll give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their spectacular job call dry concepts in 1800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 run the web it's dry concepts dot com and be sure and tell them when you call the twice drag for authority to call This is meal Rogers This is five 16 Then I've dirt coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story In the superficial world of a music business where only attractive people make it big They where we're freshly repulsive They were blues travelers Hey, this is a top business John poppa was a fat guy no getting around the blues travelers manager sloppy goal If you've written these fears they make fun of you because you're breast of faith I told popper hey at least you're press a reel be proud of your man boobs But there was more to blues traveler than just John poppers wait problem for example he was an accomplished harmonic of land Yeah, and only a fat bastard like him could work up a sweat plane the damn mouth organ still Inside the behind is about the artist not just the superficial aspects of their outward appearance What I can't make fun of fat people now. Yeah, it just seems like a pretty easy target. Oh It's yours name is the high and mighty as suppose we should stop and something gay people now too And Asians Tell me I got a layoff Asians I mean the accent alone is a guaranteed laugh Well, this wasn't supposed to turn into a debate about your type won't be happy until everybody thinks we're all human beings and Who we sleep with the color of our skin or where we go to church doesn't even matter? Pretty good to me you're sexy and yummy sick Those traveler pretty heavy stuff It's a big juicy something with like a show business tonight on inside the behind What 18 at five 60 WM to mole myster come along into a clock to dazzle you with his Inalization of the football all the stuff Putting nice nice ordnable game. I heard end of one 15 in a morning. That's poverty to rumour trip all over time state 10 and Stay away play oh FSU I forgot about them Bobby Bowdoin even George knows that who? Old Bobby Bowdoin man. He's got some issues him and all these other Empire buildings. Oh the tragedy at Segur Mine it just goes on and on and thank God there's nothing else going on in the world Okay, have no fear everything good at all. I will say this suicide bomber kill 32 a little more and that story we started with a Suicide bomber kill 32 mourners and wounded dozens at a funeral for the nephew of a she-eyed politician Want a several attacks today across the rack to kill a total of 53 people Now how many people died in that accident the cool mine 12 12 right Well 53 people died in Iraq. Yeah, but they should have attacked us on I love that's true And they shouldn't have been making all-in weapons. That's right the sudden surge in the vibe The follow-in and they should have been making them long distance phone calls to Al Qaeda The sudden surge in violence followed three weeks of relative combat for Rax Landmark parliamentary elections on December 15 and came as it's three major political parties Near to the on-forming or coalition government that a she-eyed politics in seven include she-eyed Sunni herbs and curds The curds in ways and the worst attack of the day more than a hundred mourners were walking alongside the coffin of 14 year old boy in a cemetery And then other in town of Mook Dadi and Mook Dadaia. That's right Mook Dadaia when the funeral process was joined by a stranger carrying hidden explosives Suddenly there was a strong son and we returned upside down so Amar Kazim 37 I saw many legs and hands flying all over the place The semifinals and cemeteries concrete tombs were stained with blood and body parts were strewn on the bear earth And at least 32 people were killed in 42 wounded said Dr. Furus on Nida of the hospital in Mook Dadaida and that whatever that is 60 miles north of Baghdad a seven so on Good place to send your kid by the way on a larke don't you think sure? See they're all worried about that kid They had to be worried about the father There is the one they had to be taking a log look at what kind of a nutjob senses kid over and puts him in a harmless way like that Maybe just trying to get rid of I could be Maybe just don't like what kind of a nutjob puts it on the news day after day after day like we're supposed to care the American media I see oh 560 we got nine 17 old being which means we got any three votes to get to that 1000 and 49 minutes Should be able to do it, but if we don't I'm gonna be really porked off my blood pressure is gonna go scare Rocketing and it should be my last show for a long time put your back on put your or check that You're not sick of that Beyond it too the moment 922 votes the arraggies is very entertaining 35 a voice of reason to oh six a genius one 14 You should only live so long a fat old fact 98 now we're getting to the meat of the matter a panic 49 sale 35 Stay last like last year as much a bri God 31 divisive 13 the anti-Christ 8 boring seven and a big it Solimentic say only six so do you do it on say or what I did I do say do you do a do say no I do she Dominic qa m hello Dominic qa m hello Oh yeah, I've got a multi line phone before oh has you really well Who called a phone phone and a home star hopping around Dominic qa m hello Wow WQ a m hello Yes, sir I guess I just got a couple quick things Is that guy? Kid when I got killed the body when it's getting a blame the government yeah, yeah, I'm like somebody else beside himself He'll be damn sure that exactly and Anything has a the energy of guy I don't want him to go out of his mind and die But the wonder if you'd wanted a friend who was in the The chapel there at the church and he sent you know one minute we were praising God and the next minute we were Cussing them that incredible yeah when they got the bad way news and They're the senator calls that Alex Noah portella here in Miami They're sent out Christmas cards With when appears to be the staff on it on the front of it on the inside Look at it closely and I need it to capital That'll be damn it's incredible He's a little baby in the oscillorego Are we for their 567.0560 Like I said the things that people get all whipped up into a frenzy about just like that one woman to call last week God, I was speaking here. I don't think speaking I should not start when that crap again the bilingual bitches, you know They're back on a rampage again Yeah, what and we've asked that question many many times. What is it about women? Oh? You're gonna get me started are you? No seriously, but what make it is that makes them so bigoted? It's just I mean we're all bigoted by I mean just like an obsession. They're all bitter about a whole bunch of things So they're so that bilingual thing W2AM hello Line one good QAM hello Show him hey W2AM hello 2AM And we're just gonna wish this guy real happy new year too. WQAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir. How you doing buddy? That's not let me ask the question says what what was the first time that you knew that you were actually D About five minutes ago right before you called 567.0560 pound five six to the Verizon singular wireless line mighty con look at all in there You make you happy okay, I'll ride yeah, I'm so okay. Probably seen at the beer back mountain movie about fifty times Okay, oh yeah WQAM hello I know I'll stop putting my digital sucks Okay, WQAM hello Hello, Neil yes, I changed my mind put George back on and you blow Okay, thanks five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five see at least he's all over the place is consistent WQAM hello Hello, Neil yes Welcome back I appreciate that George did a good job, listen I after the sky's my voice for protection But I worked for a very big company and they treat us like crap I went online to check online and like inside a trading and Guess who's one of the silent partners? Oh Donald H. Rose found themselves any treat just like crap and I just you know it's not that interesting But I just you know it answers a lot of work already treat us like that Dominic you are in hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, listen, I swear I let you know man What I have a bone to pick with this uh with these people on channel seven and all these other new shows What's the deal with this kid this rich kid going to a rack Coming back like we give a damn I mean what's the deal with that? Now what I just said who cares? Who cares man? Why do you wasting our time with some dude who's got money in the bank and no one gives a crap? Because it has nothing in do with your federal government being a bunch of Nazis and all these innocent people by that's why Also listen, I want those people that started listening you Right, you know when stirring went over to your channel there right and I want those people that stayed with you Well, thank you. I'm keep up to good work Thanks, Pally but see you next guys not going to serious he might listen the Howard on serious, but then after that He's right over here baby we twin 10 and two and then it probably be gone right away To be very too far into watch that all play out What do you mean you know the serious thing if they make their money back at all these things? Oh, I know they're pushing it so hard. I don't care It's a yeah, I feel the same way about that as I do about to single mind tragedy with all the respect It's a whole world yeah, it's a different volume It was a lot of similarity to the de medias in the dating us with this stuff so he means everywhere how the media The media being because of the fact that they figured that he's going to you know attract a young male audience Which is what they're all desperate for and therefore and him being the biggest media hand in the king of all publicity It works out just fine. No, he's got a Larry King for that young male audience What which is which is most of them? Well, and that King hoping to get to her three people under 100 Which is most amusing because it's thanks to me and I'm positive that I'm correct as a king is always always been trash Oh a shock radio and all this stuff in a language You know, he's always been so negative about that, but it just goes to show it and this business we're all much of horrors That's all we're all about your horrors And so he's pouring all immediate time and they're pouring his hair and big nose and everybody's really happy And quite frankly, I'm sure we don't give a flying crap. Just give us the check I Moherin with this weekend's call it Now see here Now see here hands are essential who are man's attire now? I got all kinds of things for my fans and emotions They did the finger better easy Who knows where I'll find it in there? You know many things have been said about my pants. I may not be wearing it now But I've only caused an aflary of excitement. I sold them But it more for pets But moits a James Cocole Damn, and another thing Who pit more for hygiene? So there's Eve? Mr. Whipple. Then I think you know the answer to that one And while I'm on the subject of sports Who pit more for the dolphins offense Who will Rosenthal? Well Mr. Kittel Like me if you sell something you're paying for the smoke Who pit more for Glade missed bathroom spray? Who are hey, back at the one Rodriguez? They were a by him den of he And Am I You know where you can insult this I'm the fact here If Joyce will only die Wait Leave it your go You can't go nowhere I'm not the I'm on a suggestion That 1 32 a Q a m speak at a him he'll be along a two o'clock ready or not 944 a vote We need 56 and 20 a minute since two a minute nice math I'll take it pretty easy we ought to be able to to to to to to to to to to to to to in a minute Do do in a minute I can do it I'll say one thing why do you are out Josh courtist did a doce in about the two and a half minutes yeah or less Pickin up for a right on on my song book yeah First of all I'm warning that what you better be ready because then and he was back before the breaking and problem is uh, you know I just never know you know sometimes it's short and sometimes I don't want to go into a whole old song and let's not get to eschatory Okay 947 we need 53 more votes to get to a thousand and then we can then we can like put everything aside and say Now we've done a good job right When you think yeah, I think something plus we want to take a whole bunch of calls this last half hour because This has been really something special today five six seven oh five sixty it's been real Yeah, that and pound five sixty and a Verizon ticket around a slime that's because it's not one of those building pulls You know we added one or two Uh adjectives or whatever but that's about it and So these people are really and especially after having been there for three days and looked around and said oh geez It's really scary being there, you know is really very scary. I know I want to take a whole bunch of calls like how many Q a and hello Good afternoon listen to me God but that's not what I'm calling for Neil God. Yeah, I get my vote. I'm in my car so I can't do it The news is not how are going to serious the news is how bad days we rock What in a way this week yeah, well, yeah, I want to surprise that is huh Yeah, well, I said you know I mean you're proving once again that That's sure maybe distance, you know people may disrespect and but the fact is it's hard to do what he does Well, the fact is that there isn't just isn't that much talent available anymore because for years not even They've been discouraging any any talent in his business and there isn't any well. What was he available talent pool out there? Yeah, you're right together. I'm just reading right now that Sean Hannity I just read a minute ago during the break Sean Hannity just signed up his 500th affiliate for a syndicate a radio show And we're Sean Hannity is on 500 stations in this Greek and country. What does that tell you? Oh, they have to worse worse than that Bill Bennett Bill Bennett's got a lot of a silly it's now signing up and then what's that? I mean you It's it's talk to do this and be entertaining It's a bad for your Neil got okay, thanks. Have a nice day Of course who else beside Bill Bennett would say you could have bought every black baby in the country in your crime rate would go down Yes, he that's his punishment man Just like Carl O. Member his punishment was no more in the family business. That's right and I'll fill Ben at his punishment is he's on eight million radio stations Okay, that's that's a good punishment. I would say for the audience Wow You think he shows him last long don't bet on it He's six seven. Oh five sixties and all they have talked with Sam so tired of it man I'm so tired of people with bullcrap just wait till his jacket Abram off thing really comes down. What's that spin in a round man? That all the names that are going to come out Republicans Democrats wigs. I mean you you name it Oh speaking a way. Oh, don't don't don't do it How many Q a M hello? Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? I'll ride all right. You're back in town. No What's back in time for three days? I was long enough for me. Oh, okay. No. I was gonna think because it in the old man Threaten you that he was gonna kick your butt and now the budget. Oh, yeah, that's why I wouldn't come to that station I'm terrified man. I'm afraid of a touch in the nose. Oh, yeah Yeah, absolutely Yeah, but yeah, I'll happen to you here and that's all I can say I just want for you to be careful. It doesn't get you're back in town. Okay. Thanks, Malay I'd be careful watch out for the old old old He's got punched me in the nose. He's he's punching the world in the nose. He's punching the universe in the nose From Mercury to Uranus 560560 it's uh, you know, and in fact, who was saying this morning? It couldn't have been pirates could it? No, I don't want to get him in hot water Was somebody saying to me this morning about being in that place is just in sanity And nobody knows any and the audience probably maybe you don't care, but that's we do care a little bit We don't have any ID who the general man gris or is gonna be or who's staying and who's leaving and who's on first And what else going on? I mean it's right. It's a really tell you something when I get a piece of copy for one of our best clients This is oh and be sure and don't miss this sale at end in yesterday How do you like that yeah? I got to that and I just thought to myself what's the use you know? I think that was about the time pressure was 600 over 500 gorgeous tell for you wow And no excuses because you saw that type of garbage in the building right you saw a lot of around this morning before the show Yeah, and what it was okay, it was in the doorway and I don't know if he didn't give me a Kind of a talk and but I got the feeling that he was gonna come in and say something to you or something. Oh, yeah, and I told him Do it just right just one way just one way in his case W Q a m hello W Q a m 567. Oh 560 you know the rest W Q a m hello oh yeah, you would talk about the hippocrysts earlier and a couple of months ago If you and I No kidding something I said Kevin you're poisoning at the end of the conversation. What? 7 new poisoning yeah, and my friend Kevin who supposedly never listens to a m radio Yeah, let me back and say I heard you say that on the air. Well, I'll be then Kevin you are a quizling Okay, nice job, pal. I know what else yeah, yeah, what else? Thank you, very That's a good test. You know what I'm talking about somebody that'll find out only claim there Well, let's say we're listen that fact on a radio. He's stale. He's boring. Yeah How do you got to his blurred out there name? And of course, so once a quizling always a quizling. What was his name again Kevin? Kevin you're the whizling and Frank you're fair right? Or speaking of that speaking of you fairy Doug Thompson also writes antismarica and Anti-gate group that skews hate in homophobic propaganda is taken protest to a new-alot staging photo Optimistrations of funerals for soldiers killed in Iraq Waving signs with slowins like thank God for dead soldiers and God hates fangs The group from Westbrob Baptist Church in Tupicic Kansas is apparently As a period of feudalist for slain soldiers in Missouri and Illinois recently Spouting their homophobic bio and disrupting what should be a solemn moment for grieving families led by the lunatic Reverend Fred Phillips say hate spotting firebrand the group is protested few and was a homo-star social for the past 15 years But have expanded their activities and reached the months to these services of fallen soldiers appearing at some 70 ceremonies in recent months Even though there's no indication of soldiers being buried our gay Our view of the situation is that God Almighty blew these kids to Smith and Reigns and sent them to hell Friends to 76 year old Phillips who said God is punishing a fag army don't ask don't tell for a fag-loving agenda of a fag-loving nation What do you think he's trying to say he's gay? The protest is sparked proposals of legislation limit search protests and a backlash from some who confused the actions of the anti-way group anti-war group With those who protest the Iraq war a lot of typos and dark toxins, they need a proofreader on this website Missouri Senate and majority leader Charles Shields of saying Joseph has proposed legislation that would ban protesting in front of or In front of or near any church cemetery or funeral establishments in Illinois lieutenant governor Pat Quinn is proposed prohibiting South ticketing from within 300 feet a half rb of before to a half hour after any funeral The last moments of family has with their son these ought to be opportunities that aren't interfered with that aren't harassed There aren't destroyed and disrupted by a group that's seeking to do exactly that to be cool Says Quinn who attends funerals for Illinois soldiers In November Jesse Alkazer of Elmer and Illinois buried his son Christopher Alkazer a 21-year-old army infantryman While a half a dozen of the folks protested or chanted across the street and waved their son a sign Only who doesn't that enough that I got harassed after I got our via out of Vietnam Alkazer said But after 37 years of trying to get rid of this wound they're doing this to my son How do you like that much as far vision? And don't forget babies we got that video on sale. I forget about that best in the opening Railways millions claim gone while starts February 1 The most talked about film a year is now the musical event of the year the broke back The songs you learn from the movie you're afraid to admit you strap on your leather chaps and yell right in cowboy the broke back nothing sound You Are more sounds good Like 45 a year ago it was a song I think was buck ohans more than country songs called hillbilly heaven Yeah, I dreamed I died went to hillbilly heaven. Well, I'm thinking that's what the US is nine it The USA it's Hillbilly heaven a tailbealer hail if you have say well It's one of them things and you're got to play a joint up there in North Carolina Say like our final plane the rate no one around see I don't go there for people but for the absence of them There are no way on anywhere like a drive to town and they're all buncher hat tip in gentlemen That's what you can't complain about the people you're presenting That's right. That's good. I like that nine hundred and seventy four votes. Are we gonna make it or what? Make what like bacon But sneeze oh You say that no, didn't happen. Okay, I do sneezes interrupt us ought to be oh god I hate that nine seventy six we need 24 and 14 minutes. It's less than two a minute We better get to that thousand or I'm not coming back tomorrow. We'll put George back on I'm in hurry game all right and they check for a church is chicken the piece bowl whatever How I was 40 to three and four coaches get fired in Could have you people can over there huh? I think they're cool and somebody down a chelily and that whole bunch What else are guys named the auton the Ted the food is that the guy is in their different one? Who's the athletic director over there now Josh at at UM? Yeah, Paul D. Oh Paul D. That's right Paul D is opposed to like Lee work P 5 6 7 0 5 60 ever see Lee war P No, I did 5 6 and he Verizon cigarette wireless line WQ a M hello WQ a M hello I'm caring the matter what George says it always comes out Good All right, Gargoy Jr. Let's see that our respect that's a hell of a lot better than that same boring guy because at least you know Somebody different was that a Gargoyler was that like a girl that was a warbler and I think we ought to have like a new promotional campaign Will the old man forget about that CD will the old man make it to his 30th anniversary of March 1st way listen for New Rogers to die on the air When that be great right any minute you see the billboards right now and we're like a tombstone WQ a M hello WQ a M hello Oh, yeah, yes, sir. I'm always listening to Neil Yeah, he said that all those miners died All are said for one he said 12 of them. Yes. Oh, you know the Miami hails said this morning that one died in the red and 12 survive Yeah, so did all the other newspapers and if you were listening to show you realize that's because they went to bed before the story the truth came out Now they're saying that they're company knew nothing. I want to give that story because I don't care about it But we can't help you can't get away from 20 minutes after the initial false reports. They said that the the company knew about it But they didn't bother telling anybody about it for three hours You think they were worried about how to cover their arse? I've seen the me the hold during the whole time that was their number one priority was worried about covering their arse Not that I really care, but it's like a well and when even the comedy channels got a number. What are you gonna do? Yeah, right when show time and the HBO and the food channel and the ANE and the ENA and Couldn't get away from it. They MTV didn't have it on still can't get away from it. Oh, yeah Those they're saying I'm West Virginia cool mind songs WKOM. How Neil got it. Yes, sir. Neil. I would I would love to be a flying the wall right when you do the crossover to To mole how it David it especially when you play those very cross over I do a cross over with Hank. I do not do a cross over with mole how our David did Well, I know but it's as usually when you finish up with a one-fiky nine You've been playing these moments and I would just love to be in the studio to watch most heads spinner out. Yeah I'd like to see that myself Thanks a lot, paly Love your show. Maybe we can do a more What are those little motiles for the Marlin games this season you want to get the meat work on it, right? Okay Yeah, we're the revenue that we raised some son and little motiles we can build that new stadium But you think a lot of motiles You get a lot of dough from those mow No, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't move than you think Don't forget speaking of all who's everybody's favorite topic conversation you'll be along in two o'clock It's not just me everybody's obsessed you hear about mow mode. It is my amy everybody's including that pizza thing See I'm not I got that about eighth a 10 that pizza story. Well, I got it first hand did you really right for the horse is right from the horse's ass over there power 96 And not that he in no piece of burger or nothing like that, but it was kind of most amusing to all of us. Yes, it was coming to Q a. M. Hello Yeah, you were talking about people dying on the air. Yes, I mean we're watching I'm inside in the air We're watching the clerk and the air right We're watching why don't you should I be any different that's right? You're not gonna be the first you got the two grand closer with dying on the air That's like that they couldn't get a bit in time. Yeah, you're not gonna be the first hopefully we can see the old man after you that be on the year before before you Do do do do do do That's our open pal. That's why I'm that's why I'm breathing the taking one breath at a time I just took my pressure one day was okay In fact, we we can have a segment every day like about 11 30 meals blood pressure Yeah, yeah, and we give us concert for now you're talking now you're talking positive my propinopark Right sponsored by dry concepts For $50,000 a day, let's get meals blood pressure on here Seriously, don't if I ever say to you anything about that sales department just tell me shut up. All right I'm serious If I if I let those people get to me they they're just they're just killers and it doesn't make any oh and guess who inherited Brandies Brett Okay Girl Brett what was the other one he inherited a world coast see these losers come in here and right away Oh well, what do you have in this one? How come deaf doesn't get a few good accounts? Ah, pop shit counts at all yesterday was sit back and take the commission, huh? I don't know these guys like to raise traffic just sit back and suck up the commission. I bet you a duck could well Dominic you way am hello Yeah, still now Yeah I want to steal pizza. I hear pizza WM hello I mean, I want to tell about the timing at that day with that girl Michigan state and you got drunk. Yeah, no thanks WM So once you tell us about even though he already heard it. It's cute. Hello, Q. I'm yes Yeah, I've been here and back to you. Police say mimoimo Thank you. They're um, I don't know what it was the official holiday for New Year's and yesterday you were sick Right I think you didn't come in because you didn't want to face the fact that the Miami Dolphins be you knew in one Patriot That was that was a real tough game. Yeah, that's why now the group they often beat my team Yeah, the dolphins beat a forfeit the the Patriot should never send him more injuries. They just said okay. We'll forfeit the game Didn't want to come in because the dolphins beat my Patriots how did often play off so I hope coming up huh? How did you prepare for them play off? Who would play that press huh the train and hard is what I heard. Yeah, they're trainin it If ever there was a strong game man. I don't want to like questions bill Bella checks integrity What would you rather play Jacksonville or Pittsburgh Josh who would you rather play in the first round Characters will name in even Joshua hates the Patriots like poison. Are you sick or something? They don't sound good. No, he just does stretching right here. Yeah, oh, you stretching it. Yeah. Oh god I want to hear about it. No, so even Joshua despises the Patriots Realizes that the I don't even see buys the page they didn't even do a good job of going through the motions in that game I just don't want them to win the same I guarantee that that kid that a string quarterback that 10 year old quarterback When they were going for the two-ported to send a game at overtime Don't check so even if you complete this pass don't expect to walk off this field alive sweetheart. They said okay Something like that but that then again keep in mind. They wanted to win that game real bad Vailler No No No no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no there porridge, there porridge porridge porridge,foey, I think there is another one who makes it, one-up, we need to give it a bit more, but to be great and do that, we can do it, we've got to just die. We don't want to talk, they've got to fucking disay....they don't I'm not gonna do it, I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna do it like this. That's how it goes. That's how it goes. It's a kind of sucks age. He's like I'm gonna boom over there. When I go, I'm gonna do it. Why it always falls it out. It's like boom. You're not all saying, gofort, you're chicken UCLA or whatever. Puey Lenaeg. As 9.96 we need $4 and a minute on it imagination. I think we're gonna have to hold it over. We'll have to run over a little bit. 996, I mean, that's a week is what that is. Week. Neo-Roger is very entertaining 380, 2 of Voice of Reason, 2, 2, 2, 2. A genius, 1, 20, right. A Fatal Fag 107, a panic 52, God 41, Stale, Stale, Mow 37, divisive 13, the Andy Christ, a boring 8 and a bigot 6, 996, are you refursionate? And is it still mild? It is a stale. It's refurciting, and it is mild. That would be really bad to go out of here on a 997, and the Voice of Reason, by the ones. 997, are you refurcionate? As often as it will. Oh my God, 997, what do you got? 997. Oh, geez. 998, 998. We're gonna run over a few seconds too. That's a way to go. Sorry, Mo, gotta run over maybe five seconds. That's okay. A thousand, how do you like that? Bye, bye, bye. Woo!