Good morning. Oh yeah. Well you were right, pardon upon the election up there. What does that mean? Right. Yeah, far right. Yeah, they didn't win by much. But you said they would win. Well I mean if holes went and holes all showed their 10 points ahead they would win by that much. Yeah. We got our own issues to deal with the WQAM. We got a program director who thinks he works at WVUM. Your boy, your protege. You M stuff? Well he's off to do basketball again you know. Oh yeah. After losing my talent sheet that I've faxed twice so I didn't not going to get to it. And you know every payday for me, I don't know about anybody else that works for Beesley broadcasting, BBGI. But every payday isn't adventure. You can't sign your life around it or you make investments or do anything because God only knows if you're going to get paid on payday. I'm tired of it. I have spilkeys every 10 to 25th of the month. This is about the 30th time. About 30 man. Okay, pull this crap on me now. Would you get paid differently from everybody else in terms of what in the way it's structured? Let me ask you do you have talent fees and I know you have life spots you do like the rest of us. Yeah. When you get those on the 25th of each month? Yeah. Well that's when everybody gets them same with me. There's nothing different there. The difference with me is that you know they have amount of installment plan whenever they get around. Underlined the stock. Underlined the you know how installment is called underlined the stock part. Yeah. And our program director is too busy playing the amateur. See, I don't know about you. But once upon a time when we had tough there and we had the with clearance like his is underling under his armpit Or maybe he was hiding in his own way. Right. But you know, something like that would happen. You go to him and he would always take care of it. But now that stuff has been demoted and believe me, they demoted the wrong guy. They made a bad mistake. And now death is a sales hole, which is the way of saying, I guess what you're a pricey got screwed over. You know, it's really something when they make somebody your assistant and all of a sudden your assistant's like look it over your shoulder And get ready to like move into your desk and stuff like that. And then all of a sudden like 60% of your salary disappears and you become like a glorified paper pusher and have no authority. And then next thing, you know your salesman. Well I think there's a message in there, you know. So when his big consolidation took place in December when they blew way peri out the door and they blew duck out of that side of the building over to the sales, they made the wrong move there. But then again, why would they talk to any of us? What do we know? See, that's the one thing about the good people in this business. They talk to the town like the cast member. Remember we talked about him couple of weeks ago? Yep. I go to lunch with him. We brainstorm come up with ideas. All sorts of things. He was anxious to hear what you had to say. Joe Bellas. Well, that may be a but he's he's inheriting a situation that I don't think he's, I don't think he's aware of yet. But he'll find out. Well, you know, something he may find out. But I already know that this has happened just too many times, you know. And I get off the yesterday to a clock life goes on. I'm sitting there. I know as matter of fact, I went to lunch at two o'clock. I come back at three o'clock. And here's a frantic message from our sometimes part-time program director who's off to play. You and basketball in a list of whatever he said as I know his games to disappear for two or three days. What was the problem with your talent sheet didn't show up and your check, but it means that above. And your regular check will be there on Wednesday, but your talent won't. And by here's a fact that to accounting and that's it. And he's getting on a plane. So I come in there looking to schedule sure he's getting on a plane because the hurricane basketball is at Virginia. So that's what he's going to be doing. So hopefully he's an engineer. He'll find you lots of Thomas. You know, your market radio stations can't afford part-time program directors. Okay, and I told him I, it's kind of ironic because I told him on Friday. In a human effort, remember on Friday, you can't. I told you, you came in for 35 minutes and hassle me for like about the book and might have eaten. But I, and I didn't even know where my log was. I was totally unprepared to go on a year because he bugged me for 35 minutes. And I said, you know, you really ought to make up your mind whether you want to be the program director or a sports nerd. If you want to be a sports nerd, go a bit of the U.M. with Mike Rosenthall and J. Rokee, you know, and be a baby to rest your life or even be a program director. And the last thing I talked to him yesterday when he came in there and George was out said, yesterday so we had our own issues in the studio. And he comes in in the middle of it and I said, when's the payday? He says, what can I do for you? I said, once they payday, please make sure that I get paid on payday. Is that a big request? See, I am all about you because we both been in the business about 100 years and worked for a lot of people. Payday to me was never an issue. That's a very least they can do. Yeah. I mean, I think that's what we're showing up for every day is to get paid on payday. Yeah. And not all these about a week, but a loop and pass it by this one and, you know, I run a part of this is that I, that particular talent you. I, I, I fetched it over their twice because he was often California doing a basketball game for three days one time. So it was given to tough the first time. And then when I was told, well, maybe we can't find it. I, I fetched it again and George and Josh both know this because it was put on clearances desk the second time. So, clarity of the wife is asked with it or he, um, aided for lunch or, uh, made a watercress sandwich with it. I don't know what he did with it, but it was just, um, I'm missing again. And then the first response this morning for, and I didn't sleep for the crap last night. So it's just because it screws up my bookkeeping. We all have both ways that we do things, you know, I make all night deposits up here. I synaptone their FedEx and, you know, I have, I have like a system in my life that whatever thing go in. And when you not could go get paid on payday, it screws everything up. So I slept maybe three hours all night and then the first response from accounting back to this morning. Well, the first time we can write a check will be on next Wednesday the first day in January. First of February. I fetch back there in accounting. You know what, I've never had a problem with that here for some reason, but I had a problem. If I haven't had a problem of 30 times in George can verify it or any of the listeners and I talk about it on a year. Oh, I know. I know. I know. I first bought company. This is, this is a joke company. This isn't a real company. This is a make believe company. Just let's talk that thing with direct TV where the Odom 1800 bus and we had direct TV shut off. See, it's like, it's like, have you go to the track and you keep buying tickets. You keep making waiters, but when you go to cash it is, oh, well, we don't give any money out. We only take it in. Yeah. It's like if you go to your local bank and the ATM says, uh, incoming only don't try to withdraw any money here. We just, we just accept deposits. We're not giving any of it back though. And that's the way they want life to work with the bees. They make it so difficult for you to get your money from them. It's just, it just tears your kishki's out. So I'm a little out of sorts to say the best. I understand. I've had that trouble at times with the SPN. Yeah. Really? Well, you know, I think that's, you know, you got a big nut to crack. It's because of the way the corporation is structured. Yeah. It goes from the... But keep, I could see, I could understand that. It had a big corporation. Things could be lost in the cracks. But this is a mom and pop operation here. This is not a big corporation. They like to have people think it is. Oh, we're on a NASDAQ stock exchange. Yeah, right. It's a mom and pop corporation. It's a Georgian Carolina Bruce Beasley and Joyce. And that's basically it. You know, I don't know about your flunkies. It's too many steps. That's what you're doing. Well, when you got nobody to like... I emailed your bell a five o'clock this morning because I couldn't sleep. And I got, I just got another message from him back, which I appreciate his efforts. But nobody should have to go through all of this to get paid on payday. Over, over and over again. You know, there's him about the best laid plans of my son, man. So you can see that George, you know, under what's going on. He, it's got to be a while before we catch his identity. You were, you were the one that told me yesterday that Greg Reed has got ten more years and is deal with him? As a consultant. Oh, my god. I think all that band you were picking up there in the tree is affected what used to be a brain. Actually, I told you it was eleven years. Yeah. Just to make me feel worse, so I'm not going to be around now. I'm probably won't be alive. Another eleven minutes based on him. Is that to be ward him for reason, competence and all the bad things that he didn't jeopardize him the license and put him stern on the air and for well on the air and moving me to nine and hiring mole and trying to fire George and all the other stuff he did. I'm not going to let him do that. I could write a book, not about two a.m. Not about this business. Just about him. Just about him. And there be ward for doing the things that he's done is to say, hey, come on, can sell this for ten or eleven years. We'll put you on a payroll. Well, I think that's just deal. We don't want to pay the people. What do you mean that's his deal? He had his deal for extra number of years. Get out of here. No, but what? Twenty-year deal? I guess. Even in sports they don't give out twenty-year deals. Especially the guys are like fifty years old. I don't know. I'm just a soldier here. Yeah. I just come in, fight my battles every day. Yeah. Well, that's same with me. I just come in every day trying to show up and get my money. But I'm saying, if I didn't get my paycheck, I would wake out. Yeah. Yeah. So when anybody? Well, the tenth and the twenty-fifth. Let me say it again. Payday is not rocket science. I mean, yeah, I make a lot of money there and I bring him in a lot of money. And that's the way the deal's supposed to work. And I get him some big numbers. And I expect he to pay and I'm paid it. I need anybody to kiss my ass. I don't need any, you know, what carotism he, what do you need for me? Just make sure I get paid. And he can't even do that. And then he leaves me a message he's giving out a plane. He's leaving on a jet plane. I've told you, shit about on a plane. That guy that freaked out and jumped off the plane before the order of the plane. They would have served him right. Canceled his quick and flight to Virginia to be a sports clocky with a Harry Keynes. I mean, don't you find it a little bit bizarre? Have you ever worked in a radio station with a program director? Was a play by play guy? This is a guy, right? This is a guy who doesn't want to grow up. He doesn't want to stop with a sports crowd. That's why when his boyfriend's two guns was over there on our effects. The big nine forty fought sports. So excited about ten minutes. That's why he was helping a book guest on the competition because it's his sports buddy. He was helping a book guest. We have a fraternity there. Don't you understand we have a Hurray Keynes for turn. I don't know how he fits in that because George is trying to be this morning. He didn't even go to school or went to Penn. He went to state Penn. Yeah, Penn. He didn't go to school or went to state Penn. I know, but I bet that's my, I'm just, I'm belishing it a little bit. He belongs in the state Penn for impersonating a program director. I mean, how is it a little quizzing like this? All of a sudden, is our program director and comes into an agitate. Yeah, when my mother died here and a half ago, I thought to myself, oh, you know, I mean, it's, you know, it's not a happy feeling when your mother dies, but nevertheless, after being nagged for all those years of my life for like 62 years, I thought, finally, I don't, they're getting nobody's a nagged me anymore, you know? Don't have to be, that's the one bright light. I mean, she with 91 years a long time would help. Now I don't have to be nagged anymore. I'm kind of like free. Guess what? 35 minutes on Friday performance that would just set your ass. I'm fired. You just wouldn't believe it. And in your case, that would be a hell of a fuck for a spark. Believe me. Talk about a gigantic road. How come I feel that I'm really much fucking here? I'm just taking it all over. Yeah, I'm just saying nothing. Nothing like you said. You said if it was you, you go ballistic. Yeah. I just, I think it's having me twice here. I know all these things. Because I have a system that's like foolproof. I mean, it just automatic. I got a friend there to dissolve my bills. I'm just kind of like a sexy ghost of the post office gets the mail. It gets the checks. I make the deposits up ahead of time. I fed some down there. And everything is like clockwork. No problem, right? I'll tell you something. When the floor in the system is not the post office and the post office is involved. That's saying something. The, the, the, the, the, the thorn has never been the post office. Never had any. First of all, we're not using the post office. We just fed X or D.H. So that's never a problem. The problem is that, okay, most of the time, this is parents is one of one of his, I don't know how many times. But usually it's corporate because like I said, they want to pay people on the installment plan. Underland the STALL. They like to stall and him and all, but it would be, but it would just like to use to pay. Remember all the problems that Wayne had given the money for the, right, for the broadcast rights. Oh, yeah. You guys have like a major scandal. And back very used to put that in the paper all the time. Just to give a little stuff to his buddy Greg. You're loving your man. Remember those days? I saw a million short. I heard the, I heard the complaints from the dolphins. Right. Well, I wonder how they do it now over there. Would they got, you know, make believe, loan by the R radio over there across the street with your, find her with her four and a half million. I wonder if he, well, of course he's got daddy's money though. See, that's different. As Greg once said, it's one thing to be a big shot with your one money. It's another thing to be a big shot with other people's money. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, it makes me want to reconsider my whole life here. Yeah. Yeah, but you're not having any problem. I must like you. I get paid on the, I can't do this. I really go to my life poison. I get paid on the fifth and the 20. Well, yeah, that's because you got to write deposit. They, they tell me they keep telling me I can't do that. Oh, because you're in Canada? No, because no, I don't get paid here. The text will come here. I could understand if they were coming here. They go right to my box there. So why coming up here? Why can't they do you direct deposit? I understand it. Ask them. Ask if if your program director ever comes back from being a maple you've a play by play girl. I mean, guy, ask him why they can't do that. Ask the program director. There you go. The fact maybe there's a new segment for you. I used to do that. I know that. Now, which PD was that? That was an upward gear. Andrew Ashwood. Oh, Andrew, ask in the woods? Yeah. How's he doing? I mean, how's he doing? Well, just to show you that there is no basis for judgment. This, this, this, this. Yeah. He's in charge of some major radio network. There you go. I bet he's got an 11 year contract, too. He could be. He's been there for about five or ready. One of these days. Next time you and I talk off the air where my mean, I tell you a great Andrew Ashwood story that I'm sure you're not aware of. But you talk about slipping your lead. You'll just, it'll, you'll just laugh so hard. Your innards may fall off. He's wasn't. Huh? He's with one of the big, uh, what's it like to get with you? Which, the one that was based in San Antonio? What in that work was based in San Antonio? You're asking me? Oh, I thought you knew. I don't, I try to avoid this business. I don't know. It's MS, but that's what sounds too Jewish to be in. Oh, I'm so he left. So I want to say, I see. Right now, Andrew Ashwood's program director for Fox Sports Radio. Wow. Well, that's your offense, right, and. Hey, Andrew. You're fair. Anyway, don't forget to let me take that story. Sounds good. It'll curl your hair. The few that you got left believe me. Well, listen, it's already 1013 and we're already passed the first break. But, you know, I don't really care because I'm just, I'm in La La Land today. It just didn't sleep. Sure. This is, this is just not the way to treat people. You know, this is the way this company treats people. And then you got the PD, oh, well, I'm getting on a plan. See, it wouldn't have bothered me nearly as much as I had the feeling that he was actually going to be there. And I will tell you he was involved in a couple of calls this morning because probably Joe must have gotten a whole day in rip them and asked. But this is, this is, make up your mind clearance program director or Sports, uh, little boy. Okay, make up your mind what you want to be. This is a major market radio station alleged. We can't afford the luxury of a part-time program director who wants to play sports and take showers with the guys after the games. Anyway, you have yourself a great day. I hope things get better for you today. Gosh, yeah. Yeah, I mean, I don't want to hear you like this. You're all, you know, you're the one who told me, but I understand. Take the money to the bank, but you can't take the money to the bank. If you don't give it to you, that's the deal. Take it right to the bank if they give it to you. Have a great day. You too. You called this big market radio. Woo. Hey, Clarence, you're here. You're kidding. You listen to the movie, you follow me. That shows the day I know that. You never know it's not a way that they are from all me. First start to know you, no. Sorry, thank you for your sunny Earth. You chose it car. It carácanges carano, bye. Now I will remove it from the cracked, Without any announcement. If you count as we body, I'll be tired. If you pass me over the garland, I'll become valid. If you count as we will die You're dumped, If you2s b. iPhone ofenen. seeking for! And I made the side by seek! The ceiling went loose and broken my buds run down! You may make it so true but you're missing it for But maybe you can't bear the defeat there But all you'll ever see on the journey Your arms are filled with And those orders for your love It's always thankful for your sunny version Your joseokakakakakake they all are nobody now Go away, y'all remember this You got over a crack If the town would die keep the place running And this up for their donuts now Let's go and do it now You're ready for it, you're ready for it And now Shoot it out You're ready for the second break, y'all I think we sure win this one Yeah, we'll stop it instead of a That's how it is again The years resolutions this year You have the best chance to lose weight and get healthy again Balance for life And this year we're trying to get the beast ready for his wedding day At least keep them alive there long And maybe one of these mornings So come and actually give us an update Let us know how he's doing What could be easier than getting three gourmet meals And two delicious snacks delivered every day Write your gore step in a little black sack And you still lose weight like crazy to weight Poor job you asked And because you have five feedings a day You're not starving all day long like those other deals You don't have to stop running the gym And fight all those other small people and take showers with strangers Sit back and eat delicious gourmet meals In fact they send you a menu every week And you pick out your own selection for each meal and snack And the folks at balance collect through all the work They design the meals based on very zones very very zones Sears diet Reset the Brian Sears diet area is owned diet Well whatever it is I balance for life So call them now nothing cook up fantastic meals for you every day Bring them right to your door at your home your work whatever And watch the wait pour off your fat ass Call 1-86-225-4543 Or check them on the web at balance for life.com And don't forget mention me or QA when you call me Two days free free food this week when you call Two days free a food One 866-225-4543 of balance for life What are how the business do? This is meal rotters This is 560-8 All rotters Who says like the more Best of luck Every time we see this the way God wants to feed Once the day comes and cover it and sleep They make it pay Rain and water Rain and water Rain and water Rain and water And thirsty wants to make new or leaves Two days free food And I have to tell what people are saying As I can see Jesus We are black people His garments are the best Shuler God is bad They compare the locals to well-wearily Wank upon shocker They can pay The baby Yes, right now you can pay Rain and water Rain and water Rain and water Rain and water Rain and water Rain The turn of the water comes together The turn of the water Rebuild a new relance The one that should be Uptown All way out with it all This city Will be chocolate A chocolate new wall You may have to take the blame Or anything Chocolate That day in the day That shop brings in some coffee And a few of one for days We make a thing We make a thing We make a thing You know I can Rain and water There's the worst to make new or leaves Two days free food You just can't have new or is no other way It was the main wall Oh yeah, how about like a little mocha latte Would be good too, you idiot You quizzing you simple demand What a jerk 1023 at 560 WQA Happy Tuesday Is that what day this? Yeah I thought I mentioned this Thanks we got earlier this morning About the Bobby Kennedy shooting Also for the pool today But in the midst of all the other It's like a couple of songs Yeah, let's get that on there Yeah In fact it's a good thanks here from Bob and Carl Springs He says Oh and you to been very impressed So it's called in yesterday Ready One two today's pool Which we got to get to yesterday's first We actually saw live on TV The news broadens there was so many that Lou were brings out on the air Wow that must have been something There's somebody else saw it too Maybe they saw it on tape I don't know if they saw live Because that wasn't required for the pool Which by the way, it's beautiful I saw it I was gonna say I forgot to tell you yesterday That at the end of the article that I read That inspired network Really Really And then you fell asleep I wish you all I can I'm not sure I would have been fall asleep right now God if anybody needs it Anyway Bob says My nomination is the Bobby Kennedy shooting in 68 And of course we didn't see that live on the air But we did see that and most of the lot of these we didn't see live But we saw the films They didn't have no video back and end But the film of it And I don't know when you see it live It's got much greater impact Although the film was pretty scary too The fact that Sir Hans Sir Hans Shot about 82 shots That one gun was pretty magical However, since Bob my vote is going to the ruby shooting of the Harvey Oswald So Bob must be an old visa like me too Because he says there are only a few moments in life Where you can remember where you were at the exact moment As such things are normally the birth of a child, etc Just like the assassination Kennedy Yet I can remember sitting in my living room with my brother and parents glued to the TV watching the Kennedy funeral in the events Around again when they start to bring LHO Out to armored the bank type of truck Clear Harvey Oswald And ruby pops off the shot Now I'm sure you've seen the film of that Yes But I saw that live on TV NBC actually had their cameras under the Dallas police station They had them live feed And the guy who was covering it later became the president of NBC news I can't see him as face I can't think of what his name was It says do you remember to look on LHO Harvey Oswald's face As well as the Dallas cop in the White Cowboy head Yes Bob I certainly do like always just yesterday I said they're watching on live TV Here is a man who is accused of just assassinating the president of the United States And Lee Harvey and Jack Rubie who was just a mobster Flunky hang around the cops station One of those guys used to wine and dyeing the cops at his bar And his top was part of it and get him laid in whatever else He just waddles in there he just happens Because he's got his contacts there he knows what time they're going to be transferring I was rolled to the prison This waddles in there and about a band He's got a band in front of everybody's face Oh jeen I remember to look on as well you saw that Didn't you? Yeah kind of a pain expression like somebody just shot him into the public Hey I didn't see that coming Yeah Oh like man at hoi like that's a guilty bit you know I'd had hoi that time And I guess it probably did We should have won Oswald around to talk too much in the course of your Ruby well I was a patty Yeah, there you go And then Jack Rubie was having an interview with Dorothy Kill Galen She died mysteriously and I'm all of a sudden Like overnight he got cancer and died in about two minutes That was really amazing I don't want to say it's a stretch of the imagination But the government lies a lot Kind of like the drug weed school The 11 year man you know him? See probably didn't believe that So you heard it from the Humper's mouth Oh yeah, I believe that one of them He's got 11 years on the payroll That's probably why they can't afford to pay the rest of us on time Because they're peeing important people like Great Ha ha ha ha Getting his reward for the fabulous things he's done He started screw up even before I had my first day on here You want to really spend the whole day talking about that today See the audience is probably Oh jeen we're sick and tired and hearing you belly ache about not getting paid all of my your You know and that can understand that Talk about it how many times 30 times in less the several years Remember the one day I just went on strike and I played musical day Right? Well that sounds like a winner Because I was so pissed off And it just gets old there's no excuses for not paying people on pay They this isn't rocket science This isn't like some complicated weed, big of Einstein's body and find out How do you get people paid on pay day? How do we find those talent sheets? Who do we have to pass it by how many committees that we have to pass it by And get it rubber stamped and approved is so I'm going to like lie on there Or something okay just pay the freaking money that's all you cheap nose Pick and bands you'll pick and idiots over there I think they're probably upset that Wilson ticket died the other day Isn't that their middle name ticket? 27 after 10 if I sound a little bit aggrieved Hey resolve yourself to a better night sleep in 2006 by calling 1 800 Matters right now nothing's got a bigger impact on you daily health well being in productivity And that a good night sleep and you get one as soon as tonight from battle mattress by calling 1 800 mattress right now You know the one thing I discovered in this business is the people are really doing good job Get screwed over every time and a flunky's the hangers on man air raken that they're taken home and they couldn't give a crap less anyway If your mattress is more than 10 years over it's noticeably sagging or lumpy it's time for a new one folks Choose in the complete line all the top names in the betting industry cili served as Simmons kithemper pink Kine coil stirms and foster a hewit he can do it Dalmatrix takes same day orders all day long from kettle the store from Palm Beach to Ford Myers And like always you get to pick the date into our living window for your mattress to be delivered when it's convenient for you When your fat ass is gonna be home and they show up 99.7% of the time on time So all of these reasons are the reasons I've used Dalmatrix for years and why I know you'll be a really happy customer too So start the new year off right with a great new mattress from Dalmatrix and get a better night sleep for years to come pick up the phone right now It's the easiest piece of shopping you could think about doing call 1 800 mattress or do your shopping on their website at mattress dot com Dalmatrix 1 800 mA TTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational stupidest savings This is Neil Rogers This is 560 Fams for nothing Do the do the do the do the go back Mountain dude That's what you're gonna be working here Breaking family's our country yet I love the way it's failed when the bubbles stand up for my son for a year And the way to make the 10th answer You got that Oh back Dude the dude 103327 before 11 at 560 I'm thinking of that day I was sitting out there with my plunger my got some money my own business And I got an email on my blackberry Oh please don't shut blackberry down I thought I had an email was oh call a deferred's right away I got a yachting and I call and that was the day they told me that Oh guess what you heard the rumors about stern coming on and Greg was really intrigued by the idea but a bit blue And I guess what on Monday he starts on I Q whatever it is whatever the station is Remember that? Yep That was it just all these things just keep flashing through my head all of the devious back door deals All of the violations of people's contracts You know it's one thing if you're gonna be like an up front if you're gonna be on a stock exchange You're gonna go operate up front like a monkey like a mint you know like an honorable person As opposed to somebody that lies and lies and lies and makes all these behind-the-back deals And you know and this was in just direct violation of my contract Not of course that they would listen to me about what the repercussions would be about putting that show on here Because what I know what can I possibly know about anything you know So happy 30th anniversary Neil Not to me You're a money might or might not be there tomorrow You might have to like we do all your you know on your deposits and your investment and a whole deal you might have to like rejigger everything So there you go Here is yesterday's result from the pool We should see how it would have known this I should put on there about the knocking his paycheck on time That's right getting sick and tired of hearing that well I'm getting sick and tired of it happening too You know in fact during this last break I'm sitting here my life is flashing before my eyes Well, but what's the point of just working and working and working? I'm an old tired told you know didn't get any sleep last night And I just do what why am I gonna do leave all this money to other people screw them you know Right, well, not spend it travel the world have a great time enjoying my dottering old age Hunter guts, and I said well forget about that. I got other things in mind Anyway, here's the effects I turned this year off on Neil or George talk about we had 17 84 votes It's pretty good. I think we're on a roll the where we even do it up until the day I think they just you know it when Hank made a comment about well You know Joe Bell cares about these things. I'm sure he does because he seems like we leave a guy on top of this situation I emailed him. You know, I don't know what time he got up this morning, but I'm sure he saw my email early But the problem is it's like, you know changing captains on the Titanic when it's halfway to the bottom of the sea, you know what I'm saying That that's what reminds me of because he's inheriting so much Swill So it's not it's not just the sales department It's not just the the messes on the floor that Greg read you even my little minutes your picture never left so much on the floor as Greg is left behind You know, and just like the dog, you know running about 100 yards away and tick up your heels You know like, hey, I'm clear that my mess right the 11 year man good God Are actually just stupified by that? Okay Well, he was always fond of you. That's for sure. Right. That's fine. I turned his show off when the Lord George talk about I never turned it off 857 That's 48 percent almost pretty we had like well over 50 most of the day, but then they started thinking about it Horse racing and hockey man those are the two 143 for horse racing 140 for hockey Wow neck and neck nose to nose like a photo finish right right the S in at a horse race. Yeah, all big days 101 Now right now that come from that that came zoom me out of nowhere. I mean it was way down in the bottom of the That happened well like on holidays. You got caught in yesterday when you were out. You and and the guy calls him he says well You know on those days when you know you it's supposed to be a holiday, but you're on the year and some of us also have to work on those days We want to hear the show. We don't want to hear like you know What she's got a point but screw it's not like we don't try to put a show on on those days What do you mean by that well? I mean that the fact that we're working on those holidays I mean how to get someone to call try to get someone to go right. Yeah, that's a good net in excellent point Like we're gonna actually have calls or something in full on those days now Here is over least we can do is go for entertainment. We try to mix it up a little bit not tight a same crap over and over again And we've only got about 82 million bits in here. So there's no problem with that But that guy he didn't like it just like they could just like that guy to call and you'll see when we get down the list You'll see all the stuff although you know religion is next 81 you're making fun of my religion And you know what I say to that you and I am and you ought to kiss the ground that I make me make you think a little bit instead of going through life like some kind of a Some kind of a lemon. I got George got the movie primal fear came for I can't wait And the other one I keep going on Aaron it says we have no information about the tracking even though it's been set up Amazon.com is just I don't know And I'm gonna have a free super saver shipping. I think they walk it over to you Is that what it is? I like my check exactly they walk it over to you and they also give you your talent check by with an old man with a walker and they give you the original Talent cheat that you've fixed into clearance because he can't find it he couldn't find his he could find your ass with both hands. How do you like that? Let's get bigger every day. There's it really couldn't find Hank's ass with both hands. What does that tell you how this but he is? You know if he would just stay away from me. He'd be a lot. We'd both get along a lot better. I am saying like me and Moe might be in clearance if he would just stay the hallway No, no seriously you know as well as I do how many months has been like over a year now that every time payday comes and passes like the next day I still reminding the powers of being it all forget now two weeks till payday and I kind of half jokingly but knowing what a nightmare is always touching go at his outfit Oh, we got some story. Oh, well the package got left on the counter and then in the course there was a time they paid me twice Remember that right yeah I got being a smuck I gave him the second check back because it was a very substantial pay me twice for the same time I should have kept it just in case for the other times they wouldn't pay me at all and you should have put it in an escrow account Yeah, that's right and then it could have like drawn on it like right now That's a good I could have drawn interest on anyway the buffer account there. Yeah For the times that the beesleys can't get around like and this business from that bitch back there in a county about well over the soonest weekend You check Is our nice when you when you would listen when you told me that if you had any idea how close I came to go and right back to bed You have no clue. I mean, but it was not with a curly bear here It's not to them here in a county when they can cut the checks as you know that's not the point It's also not up to them to make that decision. She should have asked of course You couldn't ask her program director because he's he back to an aboggy Where is he being like Rosen's policy? He was going to come to you in Not seriously. I just been a program director to make a market radio station Isn't the kind of thing you learn on the job, you know, you don't get on the job training for being a PD You know like like like being on the job training to be a heart surgeon just just not something that's done It's done in the course in the QAM religion 81. They don't like that politics 73. They shut it right off. I was right winners too bad You're not see bastards. More Howard did it at 68 You don't have to read Don't do that. Oh, this is obviously got to great bits a lot more coming Fag stuff 66. They don't like that. Yeah stuff at all. So we see movies 50. So what do I mean? Right. I thought that one guy would be the only one to call it. Oh, when you guys talk about movies Who wants to hear about more I don't know when you're talking about breathing the air. It's just, you know, who wants to breathe a fresh air? I don't give it But anyway, 50 people don't like to move is radio stuff 44 like today for example talking about the inside stuff and believe me I'm not even close to you. I love that stuff And I know that's what we were talking about yesterday. They love it. I think I let's just spot out of my I think it totally disorganized. Is that okay? Oh, here it is. Here's this far right there. No, I'm not disorganized. I'm ahead of myself Here's this spot for two days anyway getting back to the poll. Can I finish this please? Radio stuff 44 music 42. I think that's primarily your crap. Right. That's me. All the way to God. I call in did mention you and your stuff But obviously they hate my music much more because I'm an old-todin what do I know about music? Sports 34 sports food and restaurants 24 meals bedtime stories only 20. I was hoping for like a hundred for that So I have to sit here and keep my expanding all this energy the poll 18 Sex 12 and gambling oven so they like gambling and sex and the pool which do you see the and the good times to You don't talk about gambling or whole lot in gambling. I make it probably not really talk about any of the hopper I talk about it occasionally mentioned some of you know visits out to woodbinder whatever now. We don't talk about it a whole lot And what's there to talk about right? It would be like Rick Riley talking about the stock market. You know fair value today is Brother for such a great guy called an yesterday like I told you I feel so bad for him Talk about guys getting screwed on payday. So the 1042 at 560 WQM the ammo coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet That's not just the opinion this old fat slob, but that's his rate of ice and get restaurant review and now every Friday through Sunday night You can enjoy lobster fest at the ammo coast featuring main lobster thermator style and every night is crap fest Would last in snow crab legs dungeon as crab Jonas don't craft the many still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell on a sushi bar with over 30 You can come believe me the ammo coast also served delicious juicy New York stakes cooked order and handcar prime in and on the weekends for Desertly room for the ammo coast famous 40 inch chocolate found you can end if your own strawberry is marshmallows other decadent treats And January 27 through February fifth which sounds like what's the 27th Friday? Yeah February fifth come celebrate the Chinese New Year With the ammo coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken sweet and sour fish fair and roasted suckling pig every night The ammo coast is got sweet convenient location to serve you you'll find them and sunrise. What was that against sweet and sour fish? Let me see it again Fair three locations are in sunrise setting out's beats in Pembroke pie reservations suggested Chinese New Year come up starting Friday So come and have a real feast and pass on the fish call nine five four five seven two 38 22 This is New Rogers this is five 16 16 God now the kids are getting adult diabetes. They're also at risk for other grown-up ailments That's why your young one needs very children's arthritis formula Oh my hip hurts so much I could stop very children's arthritis formula goes to work fast to relieve the pain that comes with young age But now I can crank up the ritual and dance to jitter bugs The major children's arthritis formula delivers relief to where kids needed most are try to swim my hands so stiff I could barely sit on a downport and claim I knew fangled video game But thanks to their children's arthritis formula I could place super Mario Strikers until the cows come home Study their children's arthritis formula it'll make your kids feel like a kid again It's a real going home I'm dying of the year 1047 at five sixty w q a and so today's pool among for day and thanks to Sean again Blood studies life's everything else he is we had ten people like Sean out there sending this new pull ideas We're gonna have to wrap our brain to come up with the original great ideas You know I could I should hoard those up but I don't know you better not Especially today I know the last thing in the last year where I need to be worrying my pretty little head about is to come up with a pole for my stupid ass shows God Five It's just it's just mind blowing you know it's like it's like the better the job you do for them and more they keep punishing you and punishing you It's like remember when I came back up here about three weeks ago right after the new year right and I had that grow test The flight from a hell in fact I should have jumped off of that plane and come back here And my pressure was higher and hell and I couldn't get it down and I come on the next to him in fact I took a sick day that's the first sick day I take it in years and I come back in here And then the next day and I said please just everybody leave me alone I still got my head is killing me. I'm finally got my pressure dot. I hit out really horrendous trip and then comes parents I have that by and it comes Troy again see we got a bunch of overgrown children there who don't understand that people are not we're not just pawns Okay, we're not just pieces on a chessboard or human beings, okay And so you know you tell Troy to get lost right. Oh wow, I want your people want to talk to my people since you don't want me in there And we're like like an overgrown child like an infant all I asked is that cut me some slack today I don't feel really going to have a bad blood pressure my head is splitting just stay away from me with your baby crap today And come back another now if you know your people on a talk and which of course it be a convenience use while we get no response on what how do you accounts You're doing what and anything you know as a bit of excuse or he's such a bastard anyway. You don't want us in there in a morning But you got that right just stay the hell away like I said you idiot go be a top show host, okay Go be in fact maybe he can be the program director on these references there because Troy obviously is looking to do anything he said sell So maybe that's something you can do is be the PD You think The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is oh listen, I'm only getting started now I might just tell the whole story about Greg and Joyce and I contract because that was another classic example And they didn't not just to me although I don't know the degree that they did and they pulled it on mad dog They pulled it on Hank all three of us And those contract renewal deals there when the ticket was trying to get the Hank and mad dog to sign up over there and jump ship But what they put us through and you could ask Norma can't she'll tell you what they put us through for day after day just psychotic Psychotic psychotic crazy people and Caroline Beesley and Joyce are tell them all everybody's gonna sign these contracts And if you dare say anything against management or anybody with a sports franchise or anybody who ever went to a ball game You're gonna be fired and you know, and we're gonna sign that what kind of a contract is that nobody signed that Kaka And that's exactly what it was that's what they could do with it. They could wipe with it Just show everybody what big bosses you are But are you really very important? Nobody in Naples, Florida, man you are really hot stuff man I can smell it all the way up here. I can smell it God I know that Beesley smell from a hundred miles away God the stench We're very important people run a soccer stage Yeah, right Caroline get serious Get a life Just pay the check okay, just sign the check and quit dittling around okay The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is the 9 11 attacks passes everything because it was recent and because Quite frankly whoever signed anything like that anyway, especially when the tower is fell And you know what's the number of people in the tower number two that didn't have to die because they were told to go back in a building Now even taking into account the flawed communication between the firemen and the police department because they hated each other like poison And if they were communicating well even setting that aside the FAA certainly had to know that there were floor Plains that were hijacked right right I mean they knew that almost immediately it wasn't just the one the first the one one and the tower number one There were all these other planes that were missing and it were on account it foreign and author radar screen and off course So they knew that there were series of planes that had been hijacked That's correct. So the possibility that there was going to be another plane hit there the idea of sending those people back in there to put their lives in jeopardy Would of course a lot of them did die they did death tool there could have been a fraction of the 3000 what it was If those people would have been in a lot of more on the way out right a lot of those people are way all know go back everything's okay We got the all clear. It's just the other tower and you know, it's just the melting and going to falling and put other than that So just tragic and how many thoughts about these things? That's why we got all these commissions and these committees and they're studying this and there's to you know something they can take all of that and wipe your ass with it That's that's you might have good that it does because well, what does it ever change does it change anything nothing nothing Just a lot of ruby and joke because we want to like sweep everything out of the carpet make people feel better. Oh, geez I'm sure that all the revives of those people have died and on 11 feels so much better now that we had those commissions What which of course they were pushing for that but the problem is nothing ever gets done and do we hear any more about that why would we hear about that when we got all these Cool mind disasters right right. We have a missing check from a rub on the missing guy from the cruise ship Why would we hear about talk I like that nine 11 of tasks 389 or nothing like it hopefully never again 392 Neil Armstrong walks on the moon at least allegedly 47 I think that was in Nevada the challenge to explode 37 that was the one with a school teacher Reagan said is that the one of the school teaching? Yeah, that's the one the one that they rushed because they wanted to get ready for his sustainability union dress by the way They were arrested. They won't ready right now. They're all dead Jack Ruby shoots the Harvey Oswald right there 37 So must be a lot of other well I guess you know you see the the film of it, but to see it live is really something right there unfolding right before your eyes The JFK assassination 17 2000 election count 12 they went and how could it have only 12 in Florida man as long as we live can we ever get the division of the guy the judge with the eye the that kept for true Prop the look I guess I've always been a pop out of his head kept holding up that ballad and looking at that hanging Chad Everton the Jeremy Clyde old Google line Yeah, yeah, he probably got a lot of Google stock that guy Google EI the OJ Bronco chase 11 and fat rich rest in peace said oh, are they they already He just committed suicide on the side of the road. Remember that we're in Vegas all of us that was that bottling trip The Viva Las Vegas at the body. Let's have a I tell you what I got a great idea. You want to put me over the edge right there now Yeah, let's have another one of those Vegas trips. By the way, thank you Bob Green for sticking it to us See there was no money in for them, so they didn't give a crap about it. They didn't want to support me and you know something when you come right down to it And you know, it's nice to think back in the past and else tells you can about getting paid on time on pay they which we did over there But what we always bitch about the only thing they cared about which is why that Vib came about Or think they cared about was the keys and the dolphins and the dolphins of the keys and all the sales efforts went into that and a pre game and a post game Just like on this station we get a fast last week for an email from FACBoy about how are the real pre game show Sure kicked the last season like we care about that on this show. What do we care who cares the real pre game show my ass? That would be a show. Well, it sure is help me whatever they got on here With those retards they have over there across the street and we got some too Anyway, the OJ trial ate and another thing and there you'll see that's the thing with a stage you'll never forget that'll stay with you forever Right and we're on IOD Ronnie or we'll sign a casting KFI in Los Angeles The day that the jury came down with a verdict and when they announced not guilty my chin dropped to my toenails and all of all three of my chin Because at that time I think I had a couple of extras holy remember that good God how how is this possible? Just overwhelming evidence and then of course that great acting put on with a glove which of course it shrunk from being wet from the blood and everything But that acting old you I can't get these on and those ugly brutal Molly shoes which of course later on we had to follow him wearing them at a jet scale Whatever the ass is those ugly ass. Excuse me ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes Well the world brown well what can brown do for you? OJ trial ate the Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 7 chocolate Alien comes out of the rest of six colabine masquer for Bobby rigs and the Eugene King for Clinton impeachment hearings for LA riots for more chocolate Wake OShoot out three water gate hearings three bombing a bag dead part one three Janet Jackson's booby flap three more chocolate Sarah said a woman kills herself on a year two Ron Ragan gets shot to run the King beating two dark chocolate Oklahoma city but chocolate. I'm sorry Oklahoma city bombing two princess dies death One and how can we do it also? Well whatever a shock at all Iraq part two one Columbia shuttle breaks up over Texas only one and non-for shine had all kind of riffs up a picture of the Pope which I even know that was I was just not good in Bobby Kennedy shooting or a value dead plane crash in the Everglades or JFK okay Whatever's name was a plane crash wait a minute don't feel right first I've had I'm gonna take a little around a little shorter this time don't worry at least 10 minutes sleep Me to let me see it again. You know remember Captain Queen with the the steel balls with the ball bearing the major bell seems like a weird in the sky But once he starts uncovering all the skeletons that I feel the material I'm gonna see you're gonna start seeing him looking for strawberries And I'm afraid you're ready there and roll in somebody's steel ball Think we're gonna have a deep-bought it maybe a deep-bought link 10 57 at five 60 you fair But you can if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid if your new year's resolution is a great high-pink We're then do something to go to right now pick up the phone call fast train at 1 8 6 fast train Fast train will get you trained ready for a new high-pink rear and just a few short months That's all it takes that's the emus just a few short months can get you a great new high-pink rear and a life the demand for medical coding Specialist and computer professionals right now is at all time high and a bunch of when you get your new job They'll actually pay you on payday fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes Gal place of assistance and financial aid for people who qualify pick up that phone to call fast train at 8 6 6 fast train And don't forget to place over 100 individuals just like you in 2005 check them on the web at fast train I'll come but act now in order to obtain that do high-pink rear because classes are filling up fast Don't miss the train of opportunity this year make that new year's resolution We out a cigarette body or boss net dead and crappy job and get a big fat paycheck Then actually shows up on payday call toll free 1 8 6 6 fast train and be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck told you to call This is Neil Rogers This is 5 16 This is the Neil Rogers show This is your boy Any questions Do you know anything about chocolate from the controversy on the Arab New Orleans comes on brand new chocolate train This will be chocolate racist peanut butter cups How do you make that? These are delicious one There's dark chocolate They dark chocolate Surrounding a super dumb peanut butter and because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut butter cups All the peanut butter has been moved off and replaced with chocolate That's the chocolate I'm talking about just the word gone intended It's the way God wants it to be And we should try the delicious little chocolate drink Megan's quick mix of the right note and it becomes a Delicious drink and for chocolate Another lunch on old trial racist pieces You can't chocolate the water. Oh, yeah, love out to it five six. Yeah, here. It's real bad for you Give me a bad BBs. That's what I'm hearing yeah five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular right O'San if I want to take any calls to them just not in the mood, you know Well, all these lines ringing you don't know their flash like crazy man. They're smoking very considered aren't they? It's smoking something yeah Well, they're gonna have a tiny must have been smoking something. I still say he should have been on Clarence's plane You know one taken to do that silly ask boggie him up there in Virginia. Hey, it's the king baby. It's the king Grow up already get a life you idiot see that's another thing you know if from that nice lady that you said back in accounting I was I don't know who she is Michelle who's always speaking to everybody could have been either one of them But in any way if she would like gone to Clarence to get a signature on the Palantine that I've fixed in she the common empty dust Right, you see how he almost this guy. I I because he ain't there and then she could have gone to see Duff But then again he's he's been relegated to the role of salesclunky now because I don't know I guess he didn't have his head far enough. I thought after all his years He'd know where to stick it, you know and they said to you It's not alone. Yeah, but I guess Greg's I guess it just wasn't enough room left back there What would Maddie Bell and Gary Sarner in the watermotsie and formerly screw in you thought that when she dumped out there It might open up a little crevice Or that candy in the crevice Oh, it's melt will you put it there. Oh, yeah, like crazy WQAM hello WQAM hello Okay, like I said I don't think we're taking any calls today QA and hello Hello, yes, sir Come again you're on you read. Oh, okay, man. I get something for your pole there For the one today or the one week from circus today the okay virgin Mary had toast What a pretty incredible. I would agree with that the virgin Mary on the ride. I don't know we grilled What's it whole week grilled cheese? It was my real thing. He heard you marry on a grilled cheese. There you go And you know what kind of bread it was I do not it was wonder bread. Oh, I wonder wonder who I wrote the book a line But was it kosher her paced off that's the question You know something I have that I haven't played that in oh I Always By the way, stick it over our last week program director SXZ as I hope you understand the theory of life and his His experience of life there are only two radio stations in the south photo market us and the people across the street You do understand it don't you right? That's not the case. Oh, I'm sorry How many QA and hello crankline? Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I have one for the Pulton it okay How about for all the getting hit in the face with the chair by Yeah, I thought we'd put that up there. I guess we left it off. We meant it yesterday getting his nose busted with a chair I guess Josh your fell down on the job. Thanks a lot, paly For all though gets up uh bus in the nose man Life TV is funny. It was great and well deserved by the way We're gonna replace him with the clearance next show Speaking of crazy people a paced our onboard a delayed continental airlines fled from four-lettered to the newer became Edgitha yesterday you see this guy nope you didn't see him sorry. Oh, it's chocolate Dark chocolate open the door and jump to the tarmac ground state of field office of Israel So that's what it makes any difference it just mentioned that in passing and I'd like to know why he doesn't have a shirt on here Put some clothes on pal shows the BS Oh, he's got a mirror whoever that is it is and he's just that way to shirt off not a good idea on a playman and Pistarch will not that's why he jumped out of his hotness Troy Anthony rigby 20 at a top of no beach Ran away to the front of flight for a wait is attached to the runway about five 15 yes to the afternoon Sure Ken Jenny said that throw the possum Ken Jenny But his Troy has oh that's his name rigby banged on the cockpit door the front door and the door in the food galley Jenny said Anybody home? I'd like like Michelle is doing on currencies door right now Passengers and crew rush to stop him in the ruckus a passenger was bitten on one hand and possibly broke the other hand on the other hand Wow finally the crew the pressure rise the plane so rigby could open the front door of Jenny said when he jumped to the tarmac Deputy shut him twice with a taser Absolutely bizarre Jenny said it's the second time in South Florida why did expect it there you know a lot of stress a lot of pressure Maybe he didn't get paid on time on payday think that could be what sent me off on December 7 federal air marshals Fiddley shot the well we know about that well he had that backpack You know any we have city head a bomb or somebody said he had a bomb and oh Yeah on the flight for Miami to Orlando as a precaution rigby was taken a browogen will medical center for waterdale Face the charges of criminal misdive criminal trespassing mr. meaner battery We're just to arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer Don't say anything about Sally fits his battery Paul Sigler for law did it was in first class one rigby rushed by he tried to subdue rigby and what he described as a chaotic ordeal We all just sort of said back and looked around like what happened The signal said is right hand-bandaged You didn't know what he was gonna do Sigler said rigby complained of claustrophobia as he struggled with flight attendants and three or four passengers the flight was delayed Keep in mind was supposed to leave it 515 till 915 in the PM Well, as you can see it wasn't current since flight he domesticed a ball game And what's life without that hurricane ball games right not worth living that's correct He comes in to come here is my suggestion anybody out here's got claustrophobia don't get on a plane Oh, yeah It gets really a close in there. You know especially when they close the door That's why as we went to open the door a little fresh air and no Yeah, please, you know although quite frankly it's a good thing you did it at that point as opposed to like 27,000 feet That's a good point. Yeah, I thought so 567560 pound-filem I am so incoherent you have you can't even begin to amage on your wildest dreams pound five six in the horizon saying look at that look at those calls are pouring in man The 24th of January 2006 I'm coming at big three-ieth anniversary on year March 1 which I can imagine is a big whole of a new coming about can't you see the response of the town The whole town just filming it them out all gathering around their radios a ticker take parade Get ready for the big celebration although who did I read about oh Dick Perton just got we have to Indy tried again for like the next I think he's got 11 more years like Greg at the old East station there He's been on here for like 45 years in Detroit There may be not any Detroit he was involved a more for about five minutes and somewhere before that Cincinnati Our old friend Dick Perton used to all a show Loving this a lot but they he's out of touch probably probably can't just stay awake them any hours now W to Q a M hello What's it a poll? Yes, sir. Yeah Some years ago the John Stothel was I think hit by a world wrestler or something and it Yeah, I think he lost some periods here. I can you some kind of you I thought that was funny. Excellent Actually, I saw that I was it saying it Okay, I got it thanks pound. All right. Thank you. He's a little slow. Yeah. You got a John Stothel looking in the head I can know Google it and find out the name of the wrestler is a kind of fun event. Yeah, that was things so 5605056 the pound five system fed awake up here. What do we got on agenda day any? Let's see and they revolving I do or that's gonna be good today. We've all been doing we got both to the foe Kim broke camper and a tree or clock jocmar 10 coat of your Florida Panthers David Devils I'm gonna bring Dave Schulz's on yeah No, I'm not a lot of you guys confronting David Schulz the pro wrestler saying that you know David Schulz the Philadelphia Flyers and David Schulz seconds says that feel fake to you he smacks yocmar 10 right Anyway, that would be something Kim broke camper talking hockey with the frog panthicote you by the way Jocmar 10 you can take your black Quebec wow, what a way to let it is in stick him block him back on my ass What a bunch of militant nasty frogs and that you'll do stepista well Quebec is our nation and you won't call it our nation nation my ass, okay? If you want to be a nation to see you already get lost So that the rest of Canada doesn't have to keep pouring all that tax money in you are a stupid ass frog place All you Pepsi's God if you had any act you think you got problems, man the Quebecers They're just a lot of like it's like they've county all over again only with a different language with a guttable sound Like that the came out walk Man, and if you don't know how to discuss in there just just think about Denise Pac-Man That should tell you everything you know Yeah, exactly probably boo Jean-Fancy Providence after 11 at five 60 WQM said I give the schedule or not always a bow at the two to the foe Mad dog four to seven panther preview speaking of your Florida panthers man they are Something not like the Leafs for close 730. It's the panthers at the lightning in Tampa Bay and then of course on that's on QAM But on 1360 the cat WKAT You got hurricanes warm up at 830 and then on a clock the hurricanes and Virginia Cavaliers on 1360 Any K-Follows the panther game on QAM song all that no far-mout which means of course since we got two ball games Going on when you come in the studio tomorrow morning. It'll be a real mess Can't wait. It'll be great. 12 minutes after 11 at QAM hey attention men as somebody we know what say Isn't the must say that attention man all the time if you have a hairloss problem or if you're curly wearing a hair system You must listen to this message Charles Alphayer has been supplying and designing hair systems for showbears people politicians and most importantly You the everyday guy for over 40 years most people say you can always spot a bad here so I say You're right if the bad ones are the ones that you know notice the good ones go on Otis all the time Follow that now Charles Alphayer is here systems are complete natural design We're just right amount of hair in the proper recessions run your hands through it and a hair too It looks and feels just like your own hair and for just 99 bucks Charlie will custom design a hair system for you try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels It's yours for just an additional 500 bucks You got nothing loose, but that shiny ugly balls butt It makes you look about 20 years older than you really are and Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied He offers you the following guarantee what's not to like if you're not completely happy with your hair system Just return it and Charlie gives you 99 bucks back so cost you nothing to check it out That's enough we've got to be a maniac to refuse So call Charles Alphayer or today as studios in for Lauderdale column toll free at 1 800 321 24 13 and Making employment. I'll show you just how much better and younger he can make you guys look 1 800 321 24 13 or on the wicked web it's Charles Alphayeri dot com This is new Rogers This is by Holy macadam This is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to this amazing already Neil God Presbyterized I She's got a roof Reimbouter in the well Did If she makes your man your love life soaps, And so they don't make skies cry at small balls. She'll start by kick and I urge you Let the rainbow ever start. Get it all for you to get me views Because you want to forward this earth. She wants towards you in her gardeners who fall. What do they have to know you like to go? What is they hear you think they're from And the wing of makes skies cry at small balls. She's still all mighty up holy for you to set everything in the earth and for you. But what you're with her there's no reward And so we know makes skies cry at small balls. Before you know it can't stop the injured kid. All the way here I can stop. When she leaves you here like this girl, You'll re-evalve in her balls. That's the way that we're doing in the blinds. Maybe you should stay with your wife. She's like a play who's bad and trashed some ball. And so we know makes skies cry at small balls. And so we know makes skies cry at small balls. 119 to 560 WQAM. The Reverend Pat Robertson such as he is. His cancel the speech scheduled for next month at the National Religious Broadcast's Convention in Dallas. After NRB officials expressed doubts about the effect his appearance might have. I think he's a bad person. Bad for Venice. You can't release that check until great puts his squiggle on it. That was always the symbol that we find enough money to make the Curtis check so we can turn it loose. The great squiggle. After all if he's on the paper for 11 more years that's the least you can do is put a little squiggle on it. Yeah, I heard about that. The Virginia B.T. Vangelis who said is really a prominent role in Stoke with divine punishment for the country's withdrawal from Gaza last summer and related our progress for the marks after Wave of Criticism was to have spoken at the February 21st closing banquet. NRB later leaders met with Mr. Robertson last week according to AP Radio to express their concerns that his appearance could be tracked from the convention. Although the evangelist was not told a step down he didn't release the statement setting his demands on his time. Everybody wants to clown like that. Sure. Everyone loves a clown. That's what Gary Lewis said when he was speaking. A spokeswoman from Mr. Robertson didn't return a call requesting comment. NRB statement said the speaker's switch was resolved of scheduling complexity. Right. An increasing number of evangelical leaders including Richard Lain that the seven Baptist conventions, Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission author O.S. Ginnis, what is that? And Jeff Tornichliffe of the World Evangelical Alliance are publicly criticizing the televangelist for his outrageous remarks. Henry Blackabee, President of Blackabee, Ministry of International Atlanta, and author of the best-seller experiencing God will film Mr. Robertson's Blackbone spot. The NRB hosted annual convention for about 500 people including 187 Christian Radio and other broadcast professionals. Oh, and that might not seem more on. Yeah. Christian Radio and broadcast professionals. Tuxters they mean. In an assassination set of features 300 vendors in top name and Christian entertainment print, I want to think of the Christian wrestling going on there. I've got to think of the Christian video games and the Christian DVDs and DVDs in the Christian rock music and Christian rock throwing. And certainly Christian wrestling man with your conscience. Mr. Robertson who began his Christian broadcasting network ministry August 3rd, 61 on the North of Gary is one of the grandfather's in Christian media and crazier than a bedbug. His 88 run for the Republican presidential nomination was the height of his influence in the secular world. His interest in politics got him into how watermelodious when the broadcast is in Christian U.S. special forces should take out. He just meant for like tacos. Take out anti-American men in the wayland president Hugo Chavez later a apologize for his statement. He said, come and hear whatever that is. Let's see, here's some more moments for the poll. Baby Jessica trapped in a well. Well, well, well, my kid, you fell in a well. What do you think? Baby Jessica? I don't remember that with a big. I remember the name Baby Jessica, but I remember what she done. She fell in a well and lastly warned, you know, the pal. And Tommy fell in there man and last he went barking all over the place and then went and ate lunch. I mean, last at a Berlin week we saw that on the feeling that's big. That's Berlin well knock down. That's good. All right. Well, I'd that John Lennon assassination. Mark David Chap, a Chapman said it was a hoot. Now, did they just let him out or am I dreaming? Did I have a dream? Might have been a dream. Yeah, don't say that too often. I thought there was maybe he was up for parole or something like that. I don't remember. Well, he said he missed Yoko. So they're thinking about it a lot on a weekend like Hankley. So that's from Malau and at Riley guy again, the product actually. But send them good stuff. Thanks to Riley, whoever you are. Just as long as it's not Rick Riley. Oh, man. It's Bill Riley said it that time. Is it really? All right. Maybe it's John C Riley who was in puggy nights. Well, I've said it. Josh really struck out yesterday because Paul Thomas Anderson, who wrote and directed puggy nights and Magnolia, he used a lot of the same staff, right? Didn't go on notice. And the way he made Macy was it for movies, right? And John C Riley, Phillipsy Moore Hoffman, right? And what's your name? Julian Moore. That's correct. And all of these people. 726 votes. We're going to make a thousand today on a very off day. And we apologize for a few things for Clarence being a jackass. Okay. The most incredible thing. I feel the best part of that phone call yesterday of that voice mail was It's like, what's the time this happened before? And you were all having a big meeting in Grace House. Remember that day? Several months ago. Yeah. And we're having some kind of a big org here or something over a Grace House. And so I finally, I'm dialing and dialing and dialing and dialing. And he gets back to me. Nobody says, oh, I got good news and bad news. The good news is the paycheck will be there tomorrow. But the talent check is, you know, I said, I don't want good news and bad news. I want my money. You jackass. You a whole you idiot. You child. You overgrown. You know, this is what happens when you put a child into a man's job. And overgrown child, and mentally, although not by much, not by too much. You may as well be seen like percolies, like Westbrook and Boris, like a guy in CNN, what's his name? The, does the voiceovers? Oh, Darth Vader. James Earl Jones. The most incredible thing I've ever seen on TV, the 911 tax, nobody's going to come close to that. And why would you want to? Do we want to breathe that air? Do you imagine how many people are like having all kinds of lung disorders and all, you know, and again, well, kept secret. Once in a while, you read something about that, and not too much. Because it's bad for business. It's bad for their fascism. About the people that are dying from the polluted air in New York. Where the bushes and bin Laden's had little business disagreement. New Armstrong, Walsh, and the moon 59, the Chounder explodes 44. That was along with the school teacher. Jack Ruby shoots three harvey miles while writing broad daylight. They're in Dallas, 43 in the police station, no less. Nice job there, Dallas police. JFK's assassination 20. The others two fit right together. They're side by each. 2000 election count 18. The O.J. Bronco chased 12. O.J. trial 10. Absolutely 100% guilty. Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 9. ML Gonzalez rescue 7. Fisherman in the closet. Clinton impeachment hearing spied L.A. Riotspot. Collab by Massacre 4. Bobby race against Beligine King. She kicked his ass. And she was a lot more macho than Hillary B.4. The way goes shoot out. Nice going, Janet 4. Bomming a bag dead part one. Four, Janet Jackson's booby flat three. Sarah Silverman killed herself on a year or two. Blur brains out right on the news like Howard Veal. So actually she that was inspiration for network. I did not know that. Yes. Well, see we learned that even though Josh hated the movie, you've gave us some good trivia. Ronald Reagan gets shot too. Columbia shuttle and brave. But breaks up over Texas. They're all dead too. Rodney King beaten two. Can't we all get long? Oklahoma City bombing two. Princess dies death one. Shot an iron rack part two one. Ah, shucks. And then all these have nine gentlemen. The assassination. Follow the Berlin Waller just put these on there. John Stassel gets smacked by Dr. D. Dr. D. You see the D doctor. The parole gets busted in the nose. Virgin Mary on grilled cheese. Come on. Let's give some for the Virgin Mary. Give it up for the Virgin Mary man. Who chanted O'Connor. Rips say a picture of the Pope. Bobby Kennedy shooting. Friday dead fine crash and JFK juniors playing crash. I think they agree with me about him. He was just he was about the same as the number of hosts he's getting. Oh, yeah. He's a real Roger. This is by the magazine of Johnny. Who brought back him? The witness of the hotel and us now. What's up with that really? Showroom. Some days you say that he is fine. Some days you say he has that line. So come on and then us. Will he stay or will he go? He would not pay, take, say. He had a stroke for heaven's sake. I think someone is telling lies. Don't even know if he's alive. Maybe he's doing just so so. What's up with that? I'm dying over here. You know what's we don't hear a damn thing about him. No more. You know, it's not a word. This kind of reminds me of yes or I'm a fart. Remember that? Right. And all we don't know what it is. Was he poisoned? Is he have AIDS? Does he have the flu? Was he dead? And all of a sudden, oh, yes, what he died? They poisoned his punch and he's dead. I think I'm assuming I'm left over can only from Godfather 3. Sheapt in special from the city, from McColleoni. And I think maybe the same thing with Ariel Jerome while these days are coming. All by the way, he's dead. And by the way, kind of like the liberal government here in Canada, that is the Canadian's elected conservative party leader Stephen don't call me George Bush even on as fascist like him Harper as the next prime minister yesterday, but tonight in the out Rimejority would need to take any strong change of direction. Thanks God. Tonight, friends are great country has voted for change. And Canadians have asked our party to take the lead and they change. Harper told a two in crowd of redmix in Calgary last night. There will be another chance and there will be another time Martin said the people can't have chosen Harper leave them in order to government. I wish in the best and hubm in Dred. Void by a political resurrection in the French speaking Quebec, the Conservatives won the most seats and they took a redade seat house to come and suspect a campaign in which liberals tried to stop Harper by looking into American Conservatives in general and George W. Bush in particular. However, as votes were counted, the Conservatives and I see this article was like before by 10, they got 124 seats. While short of the 155 of the need for majority and the scandal played liberals got 103 down from the 133 they held go in the vote in their previous minority government. Well, short of the 148 they were predicting for the Conservatives and well more than 80 they were saying liberals are going to get. Nationwide Conservatives took about 36% of vote compared to about 30. The new Democrats took about 10%, the 17% and the Quebec separatist blocked him at Gua, which only runs candidates in Quebec had 10%. They are just nauseating, disgusting. It would be like in Dave County only Cuban candidates running, you know, something like that. But that's what I'm saying, disgusting. Look at that full of man on the one day when we could use him, it's just nothing. That is a door now. Almost makes you want to play all those bits like that, I called him. And he says, oh, why not? And here's, look at the Senate, you're this year committed to doing their final committee vote on Lito, which of course it's a done deal. But keep showing Lindsey Graham, okay. This is the guy that coached him, one of the guys that was coaching him in a White House had to answer the questions and then he went through that long emotional speech about how they picked on him and Lito's wife starts crying and runs out of the room. And he's got a vote on this. Like there's some degree of objectivity. This is some jackass that's going to sit on the Supreme Court and decide the future in favor of people's lives in crap and immediately just but a beep, but a boob at the day they know nothing. Okay, don't confuse the belay thing. Okay, once the next full mining disaster, be sure nothing no one's going to be. I'm going to tell you who is really much to do about nothing. See, really cause these gotten the excuse. She's got no vocal cords. Okay, she's got no excuse. Besides being an idiot. But the media, they become obsessed with these mediocre people. Anderson pooper man, that's where he sends me. What do they see in him? What's the big sentence with him? I think he's connected. Isn't his mom famous or something? He's he is? That's what I heard. Who is she? Gary Cooper? No, somebody famous like a famous actress or somebody. Anderson's pooper? Yeah, I'm going to have to do a bio now again. Oh, God. Yeah, and just look right next to where it says. Yeah, look next to that. Or just under the paragraph where it says, Anderson, you're fair right there. He is so vanilla and so boring. And he's like a step away from me to Cosby. Can barely get the words up. He is so weak, nandy, tandy. And I've got news for you. I mean Aaron Brown was whiny and went beyond knowing too, but Jesus got at least at least maybe he belonged on the air somewhere. Maybe in teoria, but somewhere. But Anderson pooper. Oh, let's see in our crazy. Who is it? Who's his mother, Mary Martin? Yeah, the lawyer, Hagman. Gloria Vanderbilt. Yeah, Bill one. Anderson. Gloria Vanderbilt is his mother. Apparently. How, how's that going Vanderbilt? Like about a hundred years old. Get out of here. Oh, you have Vanderbilt. You have a second source over here now. Yeah, out of town, man. Gloria Vanderbilt, my ass. Cooper. Look at the other son of writer, Wyatt, Emory Cooper, the artist and designer. Right. Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt. How old is she? About 98? Like I guess. Jesus Christ. 560, 5050, 5060. He's just in a so many deal crew that Media Crew would be a high compliment. 560 under Verizon, singular wireless line. How many QAM? Hello. Vanderbilt, my ass. Come on. Come on. Hello. Yes, sir. I got one for the poll. Yeah. What about Andrew Kannanan? Remember I got a, I'm right here on the beach. Yeah, and at the boat house. Hey, Andrew. I want to see him no more. You can't stop for a, they saw him with something, right? No, he killed himself. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They went in the first time. They said, oh, they're right in no body. And they're eye and got no body. He was singing that. And then they went back and, oh, yes, what they're easy is that he was brings out. Don't you remember the, the security guard who is looking to a pedal, make some money. Oh, yeah. The entrepreneur. He was in there all. They came, and then he heard, kind of being he ran out. And did that sheep with the blood, right? Or at the bottom of the door. They couldn't find a minute. And then, of course, what's his name, John Wall showed up on the season? Why don't you look again when the smoke clears you know, because they put those think bombs in there? Right. The amazing part of it is, I mean, I'm sure you feel, I don't know. I mean, Collins Avenue there on the beach. Everybody who was in South Florida's driven by where that boat house was was kind of an e-riding. Andrew Koonanan. How do we want to put that? The Andrew Koonanan, if or so. I don't know. Yeah. That was just coverage. Do you want to put that on there? Just because that's why you don't want to put it on. That's right. It's a Cuban thing. By the way, the watch, the security guard was a Cuban guy. Some old, who do you want to make it all? I think a few bucks. Maybe the pedal if you buy that. That's right. Let's go back. Well, he's a good entrepreneur. $80. You people can sell this about anything. You can sell it in, what's he beans? There's mushy beans. That's right. WDQAM. QAM. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. Uncle Shows. Yeah. I will pay pay. I'll take it. To get the power of nightmares. I can't find it anywhere. I want to take it. Why don't we get an earthquake? It's not a real disaster, Dad. Oh, the lyncher dead. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I want to listen. You can download them with a bit of a bit of a different side to get some effort. I'd rather pay. Well, okay. Well, I'll take it. Send me the money. I'll make up for a little bit of pay. So, did the lynch on there? I mean, they should have been taken on. Are you starting to pick on here right now? Jesus. God Almighty. You are just relentless. Hello. Good point. How come they're still on there, Fatso? Get it off of there. You clown. Well, no, but the fact that they're on there is a subliminal idea. So that even though the lynch didn't, people will say, I should probably see that. Can they should see it? But we're going to see it on the CBC. On a variety of sites they have them available for download. There you go. So, go find it. This guy just Googled a man, Power Knight, Mary, and he was a little bit of work. He did. He's a lazy guy. He's one of the pay for it. Which we think is a lot like working to get it. You know, sometimes you got to work to get it. Although it is a lot easier just to pay for it. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. WQA. We need a leader who will be the best back home track. Maybe it's time we had a president who's left. I see them all TV just helping us so that it goes. I heard his run and made my Japanese change their job. He's made this whole and healthy. I've always treated me for that. But make this whole state things for the leader of the track. Some folks just go with them and they say they're in a way. But the time they change, those are next ones to the day. Yay. I'm going to talk about the casualty. I'm sorry, Dr. Wright. I'm sorry, Dr. Wright. For the best UPN and WB to be the merchant. A lot of broadcasting that we're CBS and our teacher. You said it about that? Yes, you're. All the way. There was a good show that I saw on the WB. What was it about? Two brothers. What is it about? I don't know. Yeah, you do. Look up the WB schedule. It begins with an S as in sexy as hell. What's that was in name of that? Dr. Boogled. I just happened to like a bumblebee accident. Channel surfing one night. It's a series. What the hell is that called? You'll find it. It's about two young brothers who are out there fighting crime and passing the time. The hardy boys. The hardy boys. Wait to hear this. This will send you right off your seat. You're not going to be too happy about this. And let's say that everybody in the audience together again. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. You ain't seen nothing yet. Oh, man. Just wait. Come on. Give me the WB schedule. What are some of the shows on there? I think we're the Wednesday night. We're looking. Streams. Something. What is it? Searching for Mr. Good Bar. Nothing. I think he has even got to the WB for crying online. You've come down. I've looked at the floor. Jesus, boys. He didn't test you. What? Cancel the raise. That's right. Even if he didn't get the raise, you're not getting paid anyway. What is it? We're looking. Yeah. We'll don't have the name of any series on the WB side. There you go. Super natural. That's it. There you go. Very good. What does it say? Never heard of it. We do it. Let me click on it. Watch here. It's a little bit more than two. But the two brothers, like, got it. I looked at that and I said, Can that thing be written at the show be real? Man. Super natural. Not a show you'd watch for the plot. The plot was kind of crappy. Anyway, what does it say? What is it on? Will the boys survive their investigation of an abandoned cemetery? Why is your hope so? To like, you'll meet up with them? Well, what days it on? Is it say? Wednesdays at 9 or some Tuesdays at 9. There you go. Like tonight. Oh, don't miss it tonight. Not a clock now. Of course. You could be listening to that hurricane game on 1360. Super natural. Maybe that'll make me feel muggy. That's not conflict with the shield. Well, there you go. It's kind of interesting show. It's the premise of the show. It got some good shows on WB and WB. Right. And not willing, even in this one. All the one guy he is swelling, but not time-welling. You're going to be swelling when you hear this. A surge in oil prices last week to nearly $70 a barrel. On a perfect storm of global energy related fears, only hints of what may lie ahead. The experts be saying. You mean to say it's not even noon yet. My head is just pounding. Like somebody's got a drum inside. Like the energizer, bunny is banging on that drum slowly. Broccoli. Narrowless investors look on his conflict wages and several strategic areas of the world. And Paul Vignations as disparate as Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Hades, Russia, Ukraine, Nigeria, Venezuela, China and the USA. This morning, cooler, I'll rose again and after hours of trading. It rose 72 cents. Or 1.1 percent to 69.20 is the call from Swoosh Across Europe. Experts say the Iran issue alone could push oil prices past $100 a barrel. Well, my God. If the U.S. Security Council were to water our sanctions against Iran, which the West accused of trying to make nuclear bombs, who's that nuclear, Iran is threatened to curb war. I'll experts in retaliation. You hit us, we hit you back. Even if we hit brodochatagia three o'clock this morning. Once you just look at what he says that, that's tesio says that, right? That's right. Yeah. Well, tesio wants to hear no more. Even if Iran pulled a small amount of its oil off the market, says it say it pulled a half a million barrels a day. I could see oil prices literally jumping over the $100 a barrel marks to change the virus. A senior researcher at RAN Corp. A sharp peak at a globally canometer slow down can follow. That's the dilemma of the U.S. and European nation's faces that decide whether to act on Iran. But Iran, we also pay hefty price if the petro dollars and now represent 80 percent of export revenues are reduced. Potentially steering civil unrest in the country that's already got a 14 percent unemployment rate. How do you like that? It hurts. So instead of going into the country where we should have gone in there, if we were going anywhere I ran, when in Iraq, because I had better targets there, I guess than Iran or Afghanistan. And he tried to kill my Paul. And I tried to come by daddy. It's right. He's a bad guy. That trial by the way is post-bought until Sunday. And he interests still up in that oil now. All the judges keep quitting, the prosecutors, everybody keeps quitting. He can't refuse. You must be a fool of crap. 797 on the Apollo, you ever flashed 797 just wait till they build it. The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is the 9 level of attacks 5.06 goes without saying. Over 60 percent we're still trying to soak it in, believe it. We're hoping it was just a bad dream. But then Bin Laden's and Bush's man had some issues, I guess. And then of course there was that Pentagon can't find a scrap at that plane, but that one of the plane we're right there in the Pentagon. Must have gone deep inside. Neil Armstrong walks on the moon's 60. Jack Ruby shoots at Lee Harvey Oswald 48. The challenge was slowed 46. The JFK assassination was 22. How is that possible? I'm not realized. Well I mean the Jack Ruby thing is the same time like a few days later. Huh? I don't think it was like two days later. Better faces better grimacing, I guess. Cheers. Talk about stupid. 2000 election count 20. The OJ Brocco changed 12. The OJ trial 10. It was Vile the OJ trial. And if they did a quit, he's full of Schmidt. Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 9. Chocolate. See, you know that would be good pull to take some day, but what's the point? Who's Dumber? Ray Nagan or George W. Bush? Oh, I'm a contest. That's no contest. Get out of here. Telling you. Ali Amgen's honest rescue aid in the closet. LA Riott 7. Wake O shoot out 5. Pinten and Pichman hearings 5. Without nose rolling like Pinocchio. Call a bi-mastergher 4. Bobby race and Billy Jean King 4. She want his ass. Watergate hearings 4. Bombing a bag dead part 1. 4. Columbia shuttle breaks up over Texas 3. All the bad things happen in Texas. Rodney King beating 3. California is where they happen. Like I said, Janet Jackson's booby flag 3. Frall of the Berlin Walls got a pair. Frugian Mary on the grilled cheese sandwich 2. Sir, sir, a woman killed herself right on the air. Bloodshot. And somebody else too. Two people seen it. Rodney Raging gets shot 2. Oklahoma City bombing 2. John Lennon assassination 1. Horol gets busted in the nose 1. Robert Kennedy shooting only 1. Jeff K. Jr. is playing crash. Find a guy 1. Somebody who liked that. Wasn't that magazine? That awful magazine he had. George. Oh, my god. Why you remember? Yeah. He could even spell right. He couldn't even spell right. Frugian is death and funeral 1. See I wanted funeral 2 but Josh wouldn't put it on her. Emma, old and John. Yes, sir. So he has song. Good bye, Frances. Hi. Oh, please. You're not going to go to the life or cry. Good bye, Princess Die. Although it rhymed, had nice elevation. You're going to the princesses. I beg you pardon. Shot can all part 2 and I rack 1. And then the Andrew Kgananna episode he's dead. John Stossler gets spacked by Dr. D. None. Shine Hendo Connor. Rift some a picture of the Pope none. And the value of playing crash in the Everglades. On the 800 votes, we're going to get to 1000. I believe it in my heart. Your heart apart. 1000. Now if we can get like a dollar of vote. Come on. You remember the scene and I'm sure everybody does in Godfather? Yeah. After they shoot down Corleoni. After Paul sets him up. Right. And they shoot him and he's trying to run away and keep shooting five shots. Yeah, it was five. And Frado, who's totally helped us. He fumbles the gun. Right. And he's sitting on the curb and he's rocking. He's got his head in his hands. And he's rocking back and forth. He's going. Oh, God. Maybe it was five. Maybe it could be. And that's what I was thinking of when I got that message. That voice mail from Clarence yesterday. I put my hand in my hand. Okay. Your laughing man. Were you sitting on the curb? I was trying to curb my enthusiasm. I'll take that. And in fact, that called big curb my enthusiasm for life and for this place. Meaning that place. Oh, God. See, you know, Joe Bell's a good guy. But like I said, it's like taking over the Titanic when it's about three feet from the bottom of the ocean. And a dish in which. Go pull it up. Listen to me. And a dish in which why should I have to like email my talent sheets special to this one. And she's got to walk it over. Yeah, you know, if you've got a program director who's not capable of getting people's talent sheets turned in and signing them and getting them paid. Maybe what we need is a full-time program director instead of a want to play sports to baby kind of guy. And what I'm saying from now on, you've facts it to me. I'll wrap it in the background. I would think that either it's a great way. Is over. That some of those horrible mistakes that were made because of, you know, personal involvement. So various kinds. I think that some of those things need to be corrected. Pronto. And that's one of them. You know, you talk about a lawyer or people when he did it. To your buddy mufflands you there who will say what you're weird, you know, he may be an emotional cripple which he is. You've never, nevertheless, which is why you're relaxed once again. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. But at least when going got tough he ran away and cried. No, when it going got tough he would like to go knocks some doors down. You know, you are not alone guys. Well, that's it that we are now. Now look what we got. Pop had jankle. Look what we got. Pop had the dufferado deferino. Look what we got. And I'm a quizling a little hurricane see anybody associated with her hurricanes automatically. I just write them off, you know, just like the beast realize what the beast is there. That's because he's coming to his boyfriend. You know that. I don't say that literally necessarily although there was a period of time. And what I'm saying what he said. That's what that's all about. You know that. You're going to want to tell me all of these. I'm going to let you do that. Yeah, you know that. Get out of here. I'd love to. The two of them are joined at the hip and what an ugly picture that would make. Can you even begin to imagine that? I think we have that picture. Wow. We try to and all of that hip. We like trying to hit, try to hit, try to wag, and on to the side of the earth on side of your rainous dot. Got it anyway. The beat goes on. So we've got good intentions there. Maybe we're like turning the corner and everything's going to be really just fine. But at this particular time, I kind of like, You know what I'm saying? Yes, is. Is that your garbage? That's right. at home, Lancet Kiriti Tom Ridge, inviting you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised a warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. A long time ago, it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store, just ended this vanishing American war, so they reported like it was 1890 nine. All right, there were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did a liver. A promise that was kept with that famous one small step, I can't remember each event or everything that meant it in advance. A century we were present. This is how it went. My mind, how the time it did fly, sense it started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries, but that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Our hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right, when they put it there, blaming to fight and the star of Brady Yowe. Signified had his mother's thing and once and theory and next night, and the Titanic that story we all know. Well world war one is soon began with shooting off to Francis Bird and Land, millions died from the flu. And where's thinking was brand new? And then Russia had his revolution, and a market active of the oceans, but now please we won't see again. The hunt. Triggies gone by. And we were singing in my mind, how the time it did fly, sense it started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. And then we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Our hundred years have gone by. It all began in the Titanic that's produced a new model team, and then Birdland did feel very. And some oldy breadcats and a silver wall street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War II was soon began, major of sovereign land. The project that had taken now the flu should try and live in a sea. We caught a first look at TV. And the day that it's in and from me on, Triggies gone by. And we were singing in my mind, how the time it did fly, sense it started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. And then we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Our hundred years have gone by. The brave flame went, and they were soon be wading, starting with the TV invasion. But at what in a polling cause? In Russia no one did the cross. In Germany they'd find these laws, discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. And they'd have been a little boy and all the games. She's the whole world on that very day. Me now has just begun. And China ruled by the sea, the first player in baseball that was black. It's reality they're home and back. Massachusetts as a big jack, go home. And we were singing in my mind, how the time it did fly, sense it started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. And then we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. I'm on your ears, have gone by the head. Separate, where the world made such a fuss. We're supposed to tie it when on the bus. Only your cure with the vaccine. Then Russia's get us big time with Sputnik. Our troops into Korea quake discovered the double helix. We're supposed to tie it when we're on the bus. All jams can let us wait too soon, but promised to get us all through the moon. Your ears first and space can't fulfill it, did it raise. And the rich said the climb to the night. Cubus missiles gave us quite a fright. Selfie's seizure is on new fight. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my mind. My army used to defy, sense it started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. Time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Neal's giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about water games. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by iron and a virus made us too scared to go date. A test to babies held the law. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Cubus. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China they did try. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. I'm dying on the head. And they were singing. My mind. My habits. I need to fly. Six. It started, some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. Time that we said goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. We were singing. My habits. I'm blind. I've been blind since it started. Some people had many tears we'd cried for the centuries. Time that we said goodbye, because a hundred years have gone by. What's even like only yesterday? You know, he's got a very annoying voice. I took it to the guy and did some of the bits. But that's a great thing. It's about the one good thing he ever done. That's great because it's long. It's a long and the reason I played it would be side effect. By the way, I got the facts. You just said me. Okay. The amazing thing about this is somebody that thinks that our pool today. See how topical and timely that is. Yeah. Like the hidden bird. How come we don't have that on there? The hidden bird now granted it was what? 1929. Whether it move Yola. No, no, but we've seen it. We've all seen it. And we heard that. Oh, great answer from Chicago. No, from New Jersey. I'm sorry. It was in Jersey, right? And the answer is, oh my God. This is the worst thing I've ever seen. It sounded like almost like Jose Gaki. So it's clear. I like the King's just where to touch that. Oh, I see the King's lost. I'm one of the big prospects to a Pennsylvania. Don't forget. You can't spell. Scum without UM. Okay, let's see. The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV. I don't want to read that whole. That's what we're doing. It's your bad. That's because you send me that fact. I bad. I just, I can't take it no more. You know, you need to meet a saturation point. I think that all of us in life, we have like an aggravation meter in our brain. You know what I'm saying? In other words, a quotient. And when it's like filling up a gas tank, when it gets full to the brain, when you're like Start top and off the tank, it like start spewing up. You know what I'm saying? Like scoling over. And I think I got scol over today from the scol. Yeah, because the scol keys in scol over. Forlornadale for macusus selling cell and phone records via website. Oh, my God. I'm not going to get that again. Take all these people and put them on death row. Okay. And you know, talk about larcenine people's hearts. I'm so sick and tired of this crap. I mean, everybody's belly aching about the government rightfully. So the government is listening on your conversations and are opening your mail. How about all these companies that are like selling your private information for Christ's The state attorney general's office today, sued for larval corporation and its officers, alleging the firm and properly sold confidential cell phone and telephone records to its internet sites. The firm first source information specialist ink is accused of providing its customers with confidential telephone calling records of unsuspecting consumers. The Florida attorney general's office said in a prepared release to suicide filed in Leon County, Circuit Court. Ever been to Leon County? Not that I can recall. That's how I hands he in it. Must have long time ago. Remember Leon? No. Who is Leon? When there's somebody named Leon? Think about it. Okay. The state claims first source to the seed telephone companies by impersonating either customers or company employees in order to obtain the personal calling information and violation of the Florida unfair and deceptive practices act and civil conspiracy laws of what he said. Or if we have a floor unfair and deceptive practices act, how can the visa be in business? I'm sorry. And undercover investigation by the Florida PIVA service commission confirmed that the website should offer to sell a list of calls made for many given phone number including cell phones. This is beyond an outrage and a gross invasion of privacy said attorney general Charlie Cresste, who is running for governor. Gay citizens have a right to expect that their private personal telephone records will not be used as a cash cow for a third party. All I wasn't even invited to the first party were you? No. I wasn't. According to the state first source runs civil websites that offer call list to anyone who wishes to purchase them. Investigators determine that buyers did not have to provide any ID to obtain the records and they need to provide the telephone number to be looked up. I'd like that. They sell in your phone numbers. They're canceling my blackberry probably pretty soon. They're going to put them out of business. Damn that. I thought they settled on something. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. I'm on settle myself. That's just another thing. Although it's a Canadian company. I wonder if they would stay in business. I mean, how many subscribers could they have in Canada? About 30 minutes. You know what I'm saying? Certainly not enough to stay in Venice. Well, we'll see. Maybe they'll just cut their payroll way down. You know, like we're doing. Going all the wrong people out the door. Well, I'm not saying all the wrong people. 12 13 at 5 60 W. You have no idea we got both for well, and we're more used to be. Bowen and most fought at to a clock with Jacques Martensory. That should be really Sunday, radio. You want to miss that. Mad Dog 4 to 7. Panther preview with 7 o'clock. Panthers at the lightning in Tampa Bay 7 3 tonight. Must win game. They don't win this game tonight. Bye. Bye. And meanwhile on 13 60, we got the Cains baby. It's the Cains. You got to see it right. The teens per can warm up on a 13 60 day 30 nine o'clock. It's the teens and Virginia Cavaliers basketball. Any interest? No. Maybe they were belly. We got to have the on campus arena. That's why we're not drawn flies. And they built the on campus arena. Guess what? What? They're not drawn flies. Although if they just open doors up. Any case follows a panthera hockey on QM. The other things on 13 60 even civilvin is blushing about that. It's that time of year again for New Year's resolutions. And probably the most popular resolution ball is lose some weight. Lose some weight. Remember hand-bank crafts screaming in the funeral. The beginning of the fan. So yeah, she's pounding on the basket. A basket. A basket. He's banging the basket. Anyway, this year we're going to help the beast. They alive and help him get ready for his wedding day. Providing him with great gourmet meals from balance for life. And by the way, beast. This is your food for the whole day. Not in addition to the other stuff you're all day. This is your food for the whole day. What could be easier than getting three delicious gourmet meals. And two delicious nice delivered every day. Right here, Doris have been a little black sack and still lose weight like crazy. So forget about joining a gym and paying attention for that. Fighting the traffic and taking showers with strangers. Just sign up for balance for life. Every week they give you a menu of meal selections. You pick out the stuff that you want. And they do all the work preparing for you. According to these own diet. The fantastic most delicious stuff you've had in a long time. Because you're getting five feet in today. You don't feel the pride or the prey of your starving all day. So it's easy to stay on it. You will lose a ton of weight. So get with the zone with balance for life. Call right now. I mentioned that you heard that on the near-ride your show or I mentioned mentioned QAM. And give two free days of food this week from balance for life. Call 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543 on the web. It's balanceforlife.com. This is meal rotters. This is 5-16-18-18. Bill Rogers is my lover. Congratulations, get a life. And now the lead of retardants is to the silver road. They're ready to go greener and dirt don't make fun. They won't be hard for the start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. They're too short to start. I think if we do it by in server year 12 19 and 5 60 WQAM was it play for the models and the Groves Scarlett Johansson's breast looked down Terry Hatcher's breast. I asked Eva, I'm worried about her pubic here, and I've asked her to let her off guard. The openly gay fashion designer didn't mean to offend anyone, even ever's presence. The Yotet Harbor told the AP that I'm prone. In fact, Ms. Rahe was just what the network ordered. He's already been assigned a car for duty if he can't even be words in March 5. I hired Isaac because I felt the red carpet work on television, not just on the heat of the unpredictable state, and frankly boring, what I wanted is somebody who brings surprise, Harbor said. But what if he's going to go spread pit? What did the state of American Academy of Motion pictures arts and sciences will take kindly to the way we're peat of Ms. Rahe's golden gloat behavior on its own red carpet? It's another question entirely. I have no idea what plans he has on Oscar night if they're suggesting we do something similar on our red carpet. We'd have some good discussions with him, said Academy of Scrochman John Pavlik. I can predict we'd be extraordinarily angry if that happened to our carpet. I can't predict what we do afterward. I'll bring him both of my dogs today, I'll bring him back to life, and wait for you to see what they're going to do on your carpet. No, no, no need, dry concepts, and look at that coming up in the next break. What a lead man. I agree that it wasn't me squeezing Scarlett Johansson's bread. Well, there you go too bad. Maybe if you were to it would help. Maybe then she wouldn't be intimidated. That's a bad news from Palm Beach, dead guy. Yeah. And any two year old man drowned in the swimming pool this morning with his elderly wife nearby, but not able to do anything about it, I'll go and call for help. The Palm Beach Sheriff's or a fist at the elderly wife called 9.11 for help at 9.28 this morning, after it has been went to the pool at their home in the 10,000, 900 block of Boca Woods lane, which is West of Boca. Well, I wonder who that might be? The wife told his fat she's a husband who was drowning in the pool, but she couldn't do anything to help. I wonder if she had like her foot on his head. Maybe she just used the fish net. The strainer, what do they call his nets? I mean, not a fish net. What do they, you know, and that's a tickling the pools with? Yeah, the pool cleaning net. The pool cleaning thing. Deputy said the man died at the scene. He also said they were treating the nets as accidental. And all top season order, however, to determine the exact time because of that, and the investigation continues. Maybe she just tied the old goat. Maybe she wanted to live it up. Here's a little more of these skinny or the chubby as the case may be on that story about the WB and UPN. What's the show on the WB? Pop brothers? Super integral. Super natural. You ever heard of it? No. Well, seeing? I'm opening up a new avenue for you. I actually like the show. Forget about the fact that guys look good. I'll give it a shot. Yeah, it might be pretty good. And it's pretty good to the story. I guess it's kind of like, hey, you know, like a nighttime soap bar for some like that. Warner Brothers and CBS Corporation on the fence. They for the grace to be a new broadcast TV. I didn't know, I showed you. I'm out of touch. Like Tom Jickuss says. I didn't know that CBS and anything do with the Warner Brothers UPN today. Okay, I guess they did. Oh, never thought of a new TV network called CW. That would replace WB and UPN in the fall of this year. The new broadcast network will draw on programming from both WB and UPN and be a joint venture between Warner Brothers and CBS with each OIC with each company only 50%. The new network will serve the public with high quality programming and maintain our ongoing commitment to our perverse and diverse audience. Unless Moon V is the Moonman chairman of CBS. Time time programming will target the profitable 18 to 34 age group officials of Warner and CBS said. The new network will broadcast such UPN shows as America's next top model for Ronika Mars. Everybody hates Chris as well as the WB programs. Beauty and the Geek small villain to go more girls. It doesn't say a damn thing about the supernatural craft. How do you like that? Maybe the super stitches. Is that what it is? That is really sad. Everybody hates Chris. What is it? He doesn't know Chris. Oh, I see. I mean, that's why they hate him. No one wants to love me. Well, I've said we got to blow my students after. And then the Marble got purtis on there. And then the third or third that we got guilty and Friday we got guilty again. It's Nixon Max. It's you old and I'm Max. It's you old and I'm just much. And I guess the reasoning is that we can't drop a little one one. In other words, if we just just have the transmitter on going like. You know, 60 cycle tone. You still got a breaker one one. When you think I'm the stage, how would it add you right? Yeah, we're breaking it. Although I think Greg already did it. Well, I said it. You should hear a committee approved the nomination of San Toledo and out towards the full Senate. What a shock. A surprise. Oh, Lord. Yeah, there's Pat Leahy said F.U. Two big training and there's Ireland and inspectors. Here's going back. He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher. Oh, speaking of this stuff. Good night. Good timing. Thank you. How come you're not taking all those great calls? Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, what's up? Yes sir. Yeah, just one of the talk about supernatural real quick. You're talking to him. I'm him. Oh, I have a minute. It's pretty good. How long has that been on? Ah, 20, like two months. Maybe three months. I think about that. It's been like seven and eight episodes. But it's a great show man. Right. I think it's pretty good. It captivated me. I feel like a story was about. I think it was two weeks ago. But it's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like it. And if I said there are two hands with fellas. Now I'd go along with that. Okay. I think his boyfriend was going in there. Did he hear the other gay cowboy? Get out of here. Oh, and did you see? There was a clip. And I saw it there and watched any of it. There was a two hour marathon, a fourth on it. Oh, and Lou, a dog's hobs, dogs. His last night, I'd see it. And I think the president very well on his town meeting. Yeah, right. But his little American flag on his lapel screaming the old about illegal aliens. Who are you kidding? You closet Nazi you. Who are you faking Lou Dobs? You jackass. You lunatic. You fairy. God. I want that was a oil. And so they showed some clips on the news. And somebody in the Sims Smart nest, there was Kansas State. And they asked him, have you seen a bear bag mountain yet? Yeah, I think so. I think about that clip. Did you see that clip? Yeah. And he's through the end. There are all sorts of things. I haven't seen it. No, he hasn't. What do you think about it? Yeah, I haven't seen it. Yeah. He was probably thinking of himself. You're fair. And actually they showed some clips in the audience during the news. And because of the fact that it was stacked with mostly bush liqueurs, as a result, it was all. But you could see a couple of kids, college kids and better. Like that with their hands, but you couldn't hear them. And that's the way it is. Another stage event by your fascist president. Anyway, speaking of San Belita, this is a good lead in. At the historic swearing in John Roberts is the 17th Chief Justice of the USA, Nice September. Every member of the Supreme Court except Anthony Scully, it was in attendance. ABC News has learned that Scully instead was on a tennis court. At one of the country's top resorts, the risk-cult no-tell in bachelor-gulch Colorado during a trip to 8 legal seminars sponsored by the Federalist Society. Not only did Scully as absence appear to be a snub of the new Chief Justice, but according to some legal ethics experts, it also raised questions about the property of a British called judicial junkage. At least he wasn't duck hunting with the vice president just wait. It's unfortunate, of course, that that's what kept him from the swearing in was an activity that ended up itself as dubious ethical property, said Steven Gowers and NYU law professor who's recognized Scott our legal ethics. Scully has spent two nights at the luxury resort lecturing at the Legal Seminar where ABC News also found among the tennis court, heading out for a fly-fishing expedition and socializing with members of the Federalist Society, the conservative activists group that paid for the expenses of his trip. At a press conference almost two weeks later, Scully was not inclined to tell reporters his whereabouts during Robert Swirrigan. I was out of town with a commitment I couldn't break, and that's what the public information office told you. He said, it doesn't matter what it was. It was a commitment I couldn't break. He continued with question further. How do you like that? Well, a crocker crab. What about your crooks? The fastest at taking over and you heard it first right here on the show that nobody knows about. That's kept secret in the USA. The New Roger show where you can't even get paid on pay. That's how shabby they treat us like crap, like garbage, like the stuff you scrape off had to bottom of the barricals, you know? The barricals on the bottom of a ship, you know? Whatever the slime is underneath the barricals, that's the way they treat us. Just like that slime. Ooh, barricaphyl like unclean. Yeah, well, I'm used to that. Every time I look at that check, I feel unclean. Twenty-seven past noon a queue and of course I can't look at it, then you got it. I'll tell you what it might make your carpets clean as opposed to unclean. And that's rock concepts. The best in the world. I've been telling about these people for about 100 years now. And the reason being that I use myself. I've used them in my homes for over 20 years. And you've got to be crazy to call anybody else. And this year, rock concepts wants to make your life a lot easier. During the month of January, rock concepts is encouraging everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract. Rock concepts maintenance contract are used savings like crazy and real peace of mind too. Enjoy the benefits of their plan, proper dry cleaning service. Not only would you say 50% off their regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the edit benefit of knowing the dry concepts will be there anytime you need them. Rock concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach. Instead of the common clean dirty carpet approach, don't be fooled by those scamsters of 1995 specials. That leaves your carpet smoothly in so-for days without treating the real problems. You made a big investment in those carpets in your grocery, dairy free, and I've dragged concepts for tech that investment and make them all look just like brand new. Their staff is fully certified. Their service is standard on matched anywhere. So take the worry on having your home sanitized all year long. Would rock concepts maintenance program. Call them toll free today and tell them old Neil told you to call and I do emphasize old 1-800-248-5071. That's in Dave Broward and the Palm Beach is by the way toll free. 1-800-248-5071. Nobody nowhere does it like dry concept. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. Public baby, only in Miami. Sounds like a moron. Everytime you see. It's the way God wants it to be. Once the take is steady and cover it, it's easy. They make it clear. Great, hey, man. Good. Great, hey, man. Great, hey, man. Because he wants to make new or leads peaceful. And I don't care what people are saying. Because I can't see Jesus. We have black people. His diamond star is on. Show the God as bad. He compares the locals through a way we want to find. God. He compares the locals through a way we want to find. Yes, right now we can find. Ray Maintain, Fancy, wants to make new or lead peaceful. It's dark, black, but come together. That's time, black, to rebuild a new wellness. The one that should be uptown, all the way out with the hope. This city will be chocolate, a chocolate new wall. He never takes the blame for anything he said. Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate. Let me touch off, playin', some coffee and some boo, off one, fall there. Ray Maintain, Fancy, want to make new or lead peaceful. You can't have the wall, there's no other way. It was the paint the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the towns image, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. You can't have the wall, you can't have the wall. Why aside from religious knowledge, exactly. Why exempt them the God squad? You got the Mormons and your Christians. Who the ones that come to your home is with? This is with a watch tower and a board again. Christians and all the other getks, so lump them all in there. They're religious nuts. A sort of nuts. TREKES. TREKES. TOLITICAL Junkies. God's people, I'll leave that for you. And I added informational hosts. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I do. Hey, this is the greatest piece of cake in there. I'll just bubbling over them up, following including that one cross-eyed bits that's on her half the time with the juicy man. And by the way, spirit of the juicy man, Jack Lillane just turned 110. This is the new Rodgers. This is 516. The Rod Rod Radio Network. Tho-raz b e Building one door! Oh no, no don't... Five! orders, dostar! Don't me nor something you get together. Don't they understand that? Not yet. Oh, where's the shirt? Hea-ah! And the other way, You're going to go. Yeah, I got it. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. That's right. I got it. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go. Psalm 47, over here, we got gulley Thursday and Friday. Any interest? Go, go, go, go. It's got the missing match, our two to four. Now, did you fast that thing the era? Cause I tried to pass him and pull it as long as he's in and you were a fact. Something? No, I was there. Well, shame on him then. do this then keep trying or you can back to me and I'll make sure that he gets it. Yeah just like that paycheck. Okay I'll fetch it to you right now. Okay. Just like that time sheet. Okay you got the start or list to come in action. All right. Wait to hear this. You're going to fall on the floor. Are you sure? Feel like hear that the fact saying sound and that is in the press. I love that. Oh yeah this one. These these factor. Phil Henry's new TV show said today. You. I heard a rumor about that. Well there you go. Premier radio networks man of a thousand voices will appear as a cynical history teacher named Dick Green on new NBC TV ensemble comedy teachers. The show will bow a process in the 930 p.m. of time slot immediately. Follow this scene's breakout comedy and my name is Oil. The executive producers of teachers are Matt Tarsese and Bill Rubel. Only creative forces behind recent prime time TV hits, scrubs and will embrace gay. Henry will continue to host his nightly syndicate the radio show for Premier which currently is on a reported 100 plus stations nationwide. Okay. There you go. You're old buddy Phil Henry. Remember I want to be used to be good. There's a silly and used to be a good guy which we find out pretty early on he was never a good guy. But he used to be good but not no more. But he's going to be a big hit on TV man. You're just jealous. Yeah. I'm not jealous. I just want to get paid. That's all I want. Seth is that too much to ask. Who's enthusiasm is most annoying? How about sports fans? Huh? I'm pulling it right back out of the tax machine. Please. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. You know the ones I'm talking about that we're all the person in your. It's one thing the way to parapherf and they do a ball game or a hockey game. But it's nothing to walk around like an overgrown child like our program director. Would it Kings cap and then the outfit. Oh geez. Like they don't want to be dolphin. Then you're something. Or do your kids? What's that with the Kings mascot? I should know. Because I'm going to want to historic? No. The other one. Some baseball mascot. I this. Don't I this. W 2 a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know who's in the house. Is way to annoying. Who's that? Richard Simmons. Oh, God. Oh, you're in or repair it. You remember him, don't you? Yeah, but he's the dead. I, you know, he might have died. I sure. He was he was gay. So he might have died. You know, and also. You know, he's been straight. You might have died too. You know, that's where it goes. I have to say yeah, everybody died. See you later. Okay. I might have been gay so he might have died. Yeah. Theretic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and he Verizon. Paul in was gay. He's dead. Raymond Burrow is dead. He's dead. The child was a real straight arrow. He's dead. I'm making fun. I don't know. He was gay. Oh, are you starting it again? No, no, no, no, no. Just leave him alone already. When you please, I mean, the bits are enough. You're going to start again with a moment. Maybe. What do you want? W 2 a.m. Hello. Hello, you. Yes, sir. Daniel, for today's poll, do you have the Beatles first appearance on Ed Sullivan and February of 64? No, I do now. The Beatles. 70 million people watch that. I'll be there. Let's carry in it. But a really great role. Yeah. Now our stage. Okay. Thanks, pal. You're a little bit late to start adding on to these poll, but we shouldn't have that on your right. That could propose. I see it. I see it. I see it. The Beatles. And it wasn't the Beatles. It was the Beatles. Sir, so we had Sullivan said it's Solomon. The Beatles. Here are our stage. He. I mean, you got ahead of two of man. It was like I would know talent. He was like a writer. I newspaper writer in New York. You're so old. So I was with a big apartment. No, not. No, wasn't they sure. Sure. That was a said Caesar was the toast of the town. Was that it? Yes, he is. He had Solomon show. Wait 30 seconds. Pope of battle. And then senior Wences was on there too. Sorry. Sorry. And the hand Elvis, of course, that we could only photograph him from the hips up. You may find that most amusing nowadays, but happens to be true. Elvis is he was the hipster. He was a hipster like somebody else. So don't you talk about it. Not quite that hip, so it's a thing that only company. Dominic, you like who I am, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing, Alex? Okay, sir. Hey, you're a guys who are on mustache intensive last segment, huh? Yeah. With with the with the girl from New Orleans, Hitler and all that's a poll. There's a mustache. Oh, we've done that. Have you done that? The best mustache? The mustache. How much the most unusual mustache? Well, you can do that. You got Hitler. You got Solomon. You got Frank Sapper. You got a woman who is a comedian and had like the long old geez as his New York. Even I'm not old enough to remember that. Had that big long curly Q mustache. Oh, god. It's nicely with lash must rest something like that. That's his lot. I'm talking about yeah, that kind. Hey, pal, I have a great day. You too. Kina Win who Peter Rinn? No, Kina Win. I'm just that. Kina, I'm talking about a long long long time ago. Had a Kina Win didn't have that kind of. But that's a good point. The idea like that. Thanks, pal. You're father. Your mama's mustache, right? Right? How about those mustache pizza? Pizza. Oh, for me. Who the hell was the hurricane's mascot? It's a guy used to be a South Carolina who's called coffee up there in South Carolina. And it's a college world series. I told around Frasor. So we had to get that guy. John Ruth was his real name. Come on, Josh. What he already told you that it's the eye best real mascot. I don't know. No, that's not what we're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. Ah, geez, you better start hanging out with the other Josh more often. Get hurricane intensive. You better know your cane, Timmy, Mr. Cause you sure don't. Well, that is their mascot right now. Well, the one that used to be the mascot was he finally probably I'll grew it unlike J. Roe Keats and Mike Rosentaugh and I like your program director. He probably I'll grew it wanted to grow up and go into the real world. You know, was it a pelican? There was not a pelican. It was like a, uh, I don't know what he was. Forget about it. That's what happens when he get old and feeble. Somebody Q a m. Hello, that a dodo. It was a dodo bird. Q a m. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, that, uh, Anna Benson bitch you were talking about yesterday. Yes, sir. When I was the one that was a ragged on what poor Michael Moore did exactly. Or her husband got traded to the Baltimore Orioles. Good. Sirs him right. The picture that got traded back to the Met for him. Name is Jorge Julio. I'll be damned. Everyone. Okay. We got Julio's coming out of the room closet man. It's frightening. That's right. I just thought you'd find out funny. Thanks for the bad news. All right. By the way, George was out sick yesterday so we didn't know that the oldest station in the state of Oklahoma, the oldest AM station just went. A final casting the refemes. Finally. Well, I was the most sick in English. Huh? That's amazing. Oklahoma, Sidious, was all in illegal of beavers are coming up across the border. And of course, Texas can't hold all of them. So they sure have not been Oklahoma. So they say, just follow the fires. Those are those mushy beavers, too. By the way, right. Just follow them fires like early fires and late fires. So how many Q a m? Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, just got a little bit of interesting trivia for you. Okay. Okay. Kobe Bryant scored 81 points against the Raptors. I seen it. It was 666 game. Wow. That's not the weird part, though. The weird part is it was it's 150. It's without a rape charge. Excellent. Nice going, pal. So only the Raptors could give up 81 points to one guy. That's beautiful. Yeah, and we're supposed to admire Kobe. He's a really great up. So, wow, we don't care who he's a slime ball. And maybe occasionally, you know, he asked to a dip that whatever. Can't say it's all right, Joyce. That was far too many. Any more. No, it's it's bad enough that we're like supposed to, we're supposed to like make magic here. We can't say squat. We can't play the far sounds. We can't even, we can't even fart like in our real lives anymore. One of these days, we're all going to like explode. Oh, I think stopping me. So at least at the very least, just pay us on your idiots. So that you're on a West Coast, just pay us. Stop any excuses. Stop any stall installment plan. Just write their freaking check. It's not just a one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. We can bring it all in town when it is passed. Can't keep it in this hands. Hey, you come tomorrow. We won the past month now. But no, it's changed tomorrow. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. No one was going to cheat. It's my birthday. One, two, it's five, six. It seems like we only been here. What? 20, 30 hours. I would say. Not 30 minutes. No more than that. No more than that. Now, I just looked on there and I see the new fold. I was going to put up this hour and I was like, I'm not to find a result of the other one. And I didn't dare. No. No. I got a busy signal when I tried to find a lyric and I can't get an answer from him in the little chat room or on the phone. So I'll keep trying. Like I said, we had such a good pull going on now. I should we want to change it. That's true. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking. And now what you're thinking? I'm sure that's what you were thinking. That's exactly what I'm thinking. Oh, they're showing the video of Isaac Mizrahi. Isaac was still something. I'm wearing. VH1. Oh, they just looked at me. VH1. I'm not anywhere near that. Oh, look at it. There's Robert Bird walking out there on that cane. So go. Continuously it's recovery. In fact, random accruly is now. Oh, there is the other minor. Let's hear more about the minor, especially if they're over the age of 10. Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So I'm wrong. Well, but then we do about that. About this Eric. What are we going to do about this fat tug? Oh, there is. There is one. I mean, a little chat room. He's like, we only need him for like about a minute of his time. And then he can go back to whatever porn sites he was at trolling on. Whatever anything he wants to do is find with us, but we just need him for that one thing. You know, right. And then because Josh can add on the other thousands of the ones that are going to come for you. I'm sure he'll be delighted to do that. Was I didn't hear anybody eating today? Fantastic. Not yet. Well, we mean, not yet. It's already after one o'clock. Oh, we're late bluvers today. Are you really? We're wearing our late bluvers. Everybody's a little late. Just like my paycheck. Well, there he goes again. Yeah, that's right. Do I go again? Fist off, fired up and just worn out. Grounded along with other fellow terrorists. What can you hear this by your good friend Doug Thompson, capital hillboud.com? You did this is just scary. Of course it's all scary. The only problem is nobody scared. Safety safety safety safety. That's what they're worried about. You know safety. Doug Thompson says when my life's favorite aunt died last November. I say aunt, we immediately made plans to infrasain Lewis for the funeral. We drove the 700 miles to St. Louis. I'm not allowed to fly in an airplane with in the U.S. because the Department of Homeland Security and the TSA consider me attracted the security of the U.S. A. Yep. I'm on the official No Fly list along with some 80,000 other Americans. Most people, though, were in there on the list until they get to the airport to tentatively boarding past. I'm lucky. A long time friend of course were in airline to meet several months ago that I'm on the list. So I don't even bother trying to fly. Those who don't know in advance are allowed to buy an airline ticket and often make the long trip to the airport only to be told that they're not allowed to board a plane and must call an 800 number to see if they can be cleared to board the plane. Some are, some aren't, but the process takes so much time that many were cleared and up missing they're flighted anyway. As an unknown enemy of Uncle Samo got a lot of co-conspirators, U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy represented John Lewis, Democrat at Georgia, even actor David Nelson from the Adventures of Ozzy and Harriet. Each found themselves having to prove they're not terrorists before getting on a plane. But my favorite partner in crime is Edward Allen of Houston, Texas. Edward is a really dangerous man or a boy anyway. Edward is four years old and was stopped along with his mother when they tried to board a plane over the holidays. You guessed little at ease on the list. Another threat to the peace and security of the good old U.S. say, is this a joke at his mom told Cottonett Lairline's agent as out of all places, Bush Intercontinental Airport? You can tell he's not a terrorist, but Cottonett L's agents weren't laughing and told you I'm getting him would have to be cleared by the TSA before getting on the plane. They allowed him to fly, but he and his mom went through the same process when they tried to fly back home to Houston. I know the government's tried to protect because of the terrorist attacks, but Common Sense should play a role in him, as Allen said, I don't think he's going through the trouble being harassed and hindered. Senator Ted Kennedy understands what little Edward had to go through. He had to make multiple phone calls to get his name off the list, so did Congressman Lewis of Dodger. It takes a powerful U.S. Senator that much trouble to get off the list, and ordinary person is doomed, says John Soma, a professor of computer and technology locked the University of Denver and executive director of the privacy foundation there. We still don't have a mechanism to ensure that the government's no-fly list is accurate Soma said the only way you can get your name off is if you send it to Kennedy. He calls up somebody and says, you're not going to get your money next year, but what about the other 280 million Americans? The TSA won't tell anybody why they're on the no-fly list. That claim is classified. It's the list seems to carry a lot of names of people as only crimes being critical of the Bush administration or the war in Iraq. People like Democratic senators or Congressman or James Moore co-author of Bush's brain, the best-selling book about Bush and Carl Roe. More found out he was on the list when he tried to board a flight a year ago, he hasn't been allowed to fly since. When he tried to find out how he got on the list he was told that information wasn't available to him. I've been on the no-fly watch list for a year more says. I'll never be told the official reason no one ever is. He can't suit it get the information. Nothing I've done has moved me any closer to the Union of the list. There were 35,000 Americans in Med-Data-Bash last year, a quarter of a European government that screens hundreds of thousands of American travelers each year. The list they've been given to work from since grown to 80,000. So much for the land of the free. It says for Old Doug Thompson, who had a drive seven or miles to sing Lewis to a few. I like that. That was that prophetic or what? Pretty sad. Yeah. To many they don't put parents on it no fly list. Any might stick around for a little while. I'll allow not sure that's a plus. Maybe we ought to take that pool and next hour. Who ought to be the program director? Q, what about the Lenny Martins? At least maybe keep them off the year. Okay, here's the finally. That's going Eric. Now go back to your apporn site. Okay. Please. Go back to your lunches. He was probably busy doing some business. Okay. I mean he's not making any money for us. Especially since we had to take the dump that beat the current thing off. They're speaking to land of the free. Oh, well if you don't have the birth date and the exact size of our movies and the date that the picture was taken and the time of date and I'm what kind of camera was taken with? You know what kind of thing was taken with? Browning. That's the one. Heck, I'm a job. Here's the final pool. Maybe I'm printing that right now. There it is. The one where today. Oh, look at this. It goes on to another page. Kind of as that possible. The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is We got nine so oh see what a shame. We got nine seventy six and I don't like to go to with thousand. No. What difference is a make? I think it's so what tip about that thousand. I'll let her. Sorry. I ever talked to you to that. 911 attack six 14. 63 percent. That's a number one. No. New Armstrong walks on the moon 67. The challenge of explode 60 Jack Ruby shoots three Harvey Oswald 54. James Kansatz nations got about 30 man. 2000 election count. See the JK assassination. I mean haven't anybody seen his a pruderville about a million times and the whole thing about the grass. Yeah, I have you ever had a grassy. No. Yes. Grass on the back. Oh, yes. 2000. That's a grassy mole. 2000. Lush in count 25. O. J. Bronco Chase 14. Alien. I mean everything else is like Miss Cool here. The Alien Rescue would doesn't O. J. Trial 12. Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 11. Turned everybody out white L. A. Ryan C. Virginia Virgin Mary on the grilled cheese six. Column by Master of your six. Wake O. Shootout six. Clinton impeachment hearings five. Watergate hearings five. Bombie a bad day part 105. Bombie race plays tennis against Billy Jink King that Big World Bull like four. Janet Jackson's Gooby plant four Oklahoma City, Una Bamba Grande four. Corralor gets busted in the nose three got bus up Columbia shuttle break bus up over Texas three. Rodney King gets bus up in LA three. A lot of people get bus up. I thought bus in was illegal. John Lennon and Sanctuary two the fall of the Berlin Wall to Robert Kennedy shooting to Sarah subtle woman killed herself on the years. Those are brains out to including sons Colmer's. There have been the same Ronald Reagan gets shot to Princess Diana dies over here too. Shocked all Iraq part two is that only two JFK juniors playing crash finally got one and none for Andrew Koonann and that whole episode on the beach John Stossel gets met by Dr. D. He is got the big shine head of counter if some of a picture of the Pope we applaud hardly but it was nothing shocking about that and the value that a tank crash in the Everglades has also got to be nothing remember that would have come on the side of the plane. I think funny about that. Okay, change it. I'm changing it right now. Oh, what a feeling of power. See this lets him off the hook for all time sick is now he doesn't have to worry about this pin in the ice stuff and build a short of a mile. Eric ought to be pleased as punch about this when you think as punch. Yeah, why and punch? Okay, who's in pussy and him is most annoying? Now this is tough. Religious nuts, trekkies, recovering alcoholics, PC gamers, political junkies, golf people, infomercial host or sports fans. It's a real real tight race in my brain but I'm supposed to vote for religious nuts. Even though sports fans is right. Because because of them it is a religion. I'll vote for sports fans just. Especially sports fans for tend to be program directors. Really nuts annoying more but you know, the religious nuts annoying me more but the sports fans annoying me more often. And that's because you work on a stage of other wise it wouldn't be. That's correct. That's because you're probably in your crowd. You probably don't know any of them. Any what sports sports nerds. Oh, what got some? Yeah, you're really sure. I'm just like the ones who caught. Are your team lost again? Yeah, I mean, I just really, I don't have any. Like, or three words of men. They're a team one of the game, which is this somehow that makes them better. These people are clinging on. They're modern ways. I have no lot. So they're like clinging on. I mean, everybody if they're sports fans, you got your teams you like and you move forward and they're like, we're not good on. Those are the people I know. They're like, they're like Josh. They watch. They have a five minute conversation about it. That's it onward. Right. Yeah, that's how I feel. Like to make believes. I mean, who wants to a care about them? I mean, all last six and a Hey, resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1 800 mattress. Nothing. And I mean, nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health while being in productivity than a good night's sleep. Believe me. I know that for a fact. Trust me, where I'm sitting my fan asked right now. If you don't get a good night's sleep, you can't do a show worth a crap. And you can give a good night's sleep tonight. And for years to come, if people don't drive you nuts from down mattress. All you have to do is make that one easy call the easiest piece of shopping. You'll ever do this call 1 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older with sagging lumpy bumpy humpy time for a new one. Two Sunday complete line all the top names in the mattress. The bedding business. See Lee Simmons, sort of King Cruel. 10 for Pete experience and Beninas Foster. God, well, Beninas Foster. It's so sickeningly sweet. It'll send you in a coma. Daughter my first take. Same day. Orders all day long from kiddo the Stuart Palm Beach to four Myers and you get to pick the time they show up. That's right. You'll pick the date and to our living. You want that mattress delivered. They show up on time 99, 99.7% of time. I've been using for years. They're the best. And you'll be a satisfied customer too. So, start the new year off right with new mattress from dial-maters. Don't put off getting a better night's sleep one more minute. Give her to that lumpy old mattress. Pick up the phone right now and just give them a call. 1 800 mattress or do your shopping on their website at mattress.com. dial-a-maters 1 800 mATTRES. Leave off the life as because it stands for Stoop and this saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 AFF. Bill McColl. In October, Sylvester Stallone announced Rocky 6. Then in early November, the announced Rambo 4. Now the new Stallone fans have been waiting decades for. Sylvester Stallone is Rocky Balboa. Are you doing? And John Rambo. Are you doing? And Rocky 6. Rambo 4. Rocky vs Rambo. Are you a Rambo? Are you a Rocky? Are you a Dover? Are you a Dover? Are you a Dover? You're a Dover. You're a Dover. From producers and Freddy vs Jason and every inverse is Predator. Rocky 6. Rambo 4. Rocky vs Rambo. Are you a Rambo that's a mean look you got. Oh. Are you a Rocky? Are you a Rocky? Are you a Rocky 6? Rambo 4. Rocky vs Rambo. That's you. That's you. And we said we're going away even sooner. 117 we can only hope. Now Sylvester Stallone, I've actually knew that Paulford and Marwish is on there right now. Maybe I'll fetch him my December talents sheet again. Okay. A lot of him practice makes perfect. I'm going to do is I'm going to wrap it in a wet newspaper. I'll put it in and then I'm going to bury it under the backyard for like a moon. Right. And then I'm going to take a Billy goat. Yeah. No. Okay. Walk around a high person. Would you shut up at a high tech prison opening this week in May to where electronic wristbands and Amsterdam that track their every movement and guards monitor cells using emotion recognition software. It says they have on a story Dutch open big brother prison. Those nasty cheap ass Dutch. Absolutely the the refuse of the universe, the Dutch. Authorities are convinced the jail and laylist died quickly done the big brother prison by local press represents the future of correctional facilities cheap and efficient without calling criminals or violating their fundamental rights. The teenies will be a kept in six man dormitory cells that will do their own cooking, washing, organize their own daytime schedules by a touchscreen monitor to foot of their beds. I'd like with the mobsters have been doing for years. They set them up in a kitchen. They cooked the sausage and meat balls and all stuff. We hesitate to compare it to a youth hostel because the biggest part of being punished is that you've lost your freedom. Justice ministry spokesman, Hans Johnson said, Hans. On Thursdays have limited choices for the activities, electives included drug education president exercise and they're locked in their cells at night. Unlike the big brother TV program, camera surveillance is limited to public spaces, not on bug fades or in bathrooms. Oh god. Just a thought of that, watching a Dutch on the throne. Sells have equipped with microphones that really information that the prison's control center where software analyzes sound volume and rhythm to alert guards when a violent confrontation between inmates may be taking place. Prison officials expect to save money. The estimated cost for prisoners, 125 bucks per night compared with 170 dollars in other Dutch prisons because monitor rings easily, the laylist died facility requires for a few regards. I wonder if that's near Laileland, Lala and that's one of the stops on the train between central station and the airport, Skibble, Lala Laileland. No, that's the money gets to Amsterdam, that's Lala Leland. Piber of Leaming of the European organization for the protection of prisoners rights and prisoners should be given more opportunity for self-improvement and John Frenning, though he generally gave the prison positive marks. I like that. The big brother prison is the boy judge. He gave a little spanking. Time up for on some hand class. Yes. Some whips and chains, a little bit of spanking, put them in leather, satin down there on the air, a rude divaceline for some of those Wednesday night parties, 567-0560, town 560 on a forrisen and singular wireless lines. And look at those phones, baby, they're on fire, not who's enthusiasm, you know something we ought to change the full, who's lack of enthusiasm is the most annoying. Like this crowd, don't you think there's one for tomorrow? God, they're just wow realizing we're rambling on here, but good, godly, we should have a thousand different categories on here. We ought to. Who's enthusiasm is most annoying? What do we got so far? When you know the religious nuts, that's why Sean said, you know, aside from that. That's okay. We knew that the 911 was going to win the TV thing. We didn't care. 43 rows religious nuts 32, infomercial host six, sports fans, Solomon de Dose, Godf people won, political junkies won, recovery alcohol or swan, PC gamers and trekkies don't have any. Of course, Godf people don't know any, so I could have came to know any. But they're not enthusiastic by definitions. I see. We're black and that's it. Yeah, I was just reading about that during a break. Foring. Yeah. How many QOMM? Hello. Yeah, I didn't get the chance to vote. Yeah, today the most amazing show I have to follow. You're so on where many a couple of years back. Yeah. And look for likeness. Yeah, thank god for that. Is there something I just give up? I just add that note. I give up. Is that pathetic or what? Yeah, no comment. There's been nothing like it since that was the worst piece of trash the most embarrassing. Yeah, embarrassing. Tile of garbage the most the worst conceit put together. Not that you have to stop. Amen. Leave it to the mad dog to sum it up well. Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, W. M. Hello. Mustache. Yama. W. M. Hello. Yes, sir. How about that coming little guy? You can do it. Who's that? What a Tony little? Who got his name? Tony little? The guy he's the exercise guy. I don't know who that is. I don't want to exercise shows. Oh, that one. Okay, put him put his hands on there. I'll take another one. How about Tony Robbins? Oh, he got a Tony. He feet tall with a 45 teeth. You know the one. Yeah, the self improvement guy. Tony Robbins is that his pony is a 45-dollar bill. Man, he is so as it's fake. Do we ever put we didn't put Richard Simmons on there? Is anybody adding in this folder? We just we just leave in this entire. No, I guess that. Josh just waiting out waiting for the food now. Maybe that don't see Richard Simmons. I don't see Richard little. I don't see uh whatever this guy just said little. Whatever. What else the tell me? Yeah, buddy. Buddy. Yeah. You got your ears on, buddy. How about a pull on the most memorable coverage on radio? Oh, this is, this is almost as bad as they got it just called me about that whammy abortion. Orison wells wore the world. The coverage of the hidden bird disaster. Well, first of all, I mean we've seen the recreation of those things, but and the Rick Riley Allers Bennett confrontation. Oh my god. What do I always said about the radio of the top show groupies? I forget what have you always. Oh god. I hate him. Can't stand them. I don't think there's anything worse in the world than a top show groupie. They're in a category all by themselves. Just make me want a cute. You know that Randy was using some of your drop-ins and how come little Joey got that on the show? And I was made to stand in the corner and cry. Oh brother. How many QAM hello? Yeah. Yes, sir. You are too big. She's right around with the most there. Jerry Colona very good. What are you saying? And why is he? How's run out of the famous chilly finger dades? Get my interviews as you got nothing? She got nothing? She got nine. You get 129. Yeah. And then I think I was driving through Orlando. Yeah. And you were listening to another station and you were getting some invisible press on it because the scar that's like a fanatic on a cell phone. He was mad about everybody. He was a real bad guy. Not Jim Phillips again. Please tell me not about Jim Phillips. Oh please. Never heard him. Okay. Well, I just felt like you're getting a lot of pressure. I'm really I'm just gonna make me a lot of money man. Thanks. Thanks. This is my first piece of kids start your careers. I'm sorry. Jim started my pacemaker. God, just with the doctor ordered Tony Robbins don't have any Tony little little. I think Richard Simmons is probably because they just went on there. I think maybe Sean had a point. You know, religious nuts is going to get all the votes. But leave it on there. They deserve to get ripped. The Bible says and the good book says and we want to bring you the good news. Yeah, the good news will be when you get your ass off my doorstep and get out of your never come back. That'll be the really good news. Right? Right. God. By the way, don't forget our top or first to last you that new floor to law and then it will affect some getsky comes to your doorstep pedal and religious crap. This form way because he's right. He is a threat to your mental health and your whole family. Even your pets, even your cats. 26 after one at five, 60 WQAM. When you're shopping for shoes, what name pops into your mind? I hope it's Brandy's in Pompano Beach because Brandy's in Pompano Beach has the unbeatable combination. They've got people who really know your feet inside an outmitted. Sure, you get a perfect fit every time. They've got an unbeatable selection of all the top brands, rock port, echo, floor shine, new balance, essay as mafisto, and last more. And like I said, Brandy's professionals who produce will make sure you've got a customized fit at the right price every time. Their prices and selection are positively unbeatable. Brandy's even specialize in wide whistening. Got big fat ones. Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere in South Florida so don't forget for that unbeatable combination. Comfort style fit value and selection. Always think first of Brandy's shoes. They were 1290 North federal highway in Pompano Beach. Brandy's is open daily Monday's who's Saturday to 9 Sunday's till 5 every week. There's another special value in for Brandy's in this week. It's very topside as both men's and women's styles. You'll say 10 20 bucks after a pair. Only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Pompano Beach. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 516. George Bush doesn't care about black people. Charge after charge the judge with eating all of the facts of Indian prosecutions charging documents and insane over and over again. Yes, you're on it. Yes, you're on it. Yes, you're on it. Keep just the other end. We're giving lots of gifts. We fall. We're going to be the best. We're going to walk in through the prison door. And that's the show that came from off. We're going to be the best people off. You'll get what you deserve for your spare money. I'm tired on the hands. Nice to outfit by the way, Jack. 131 a Q.A.M. The master of the county outfit here. And I was very impressed. Federal health advice is voted yesterday to recommend over the counter sales of a weight loss pill now sold only with a prescription. How do you like that? You're all the sad people really mean we're always been looking for that magic peel, right? Maybe it's a regular one a black so Smith client consumer health care still needs the FDA approval. I guess they're going to have to set him a big bag of money. Before it can sell a non prescription version of all of that, a diet pill already marketed in prescription for my Zenacale. The FDA approved the prescription version of the fat block. Oh, fat block are made by Roche 99 fat block my ass. Oh, God, get a Mac truck. I joined FDA advisory committee voted 11 or three to recommend approval aid Monday after a day long hearing. The agency usually follows the recommendation of its outside panel of experts, but its final decision could take months. If approved, all of a star would be the first way lost road sanction for over the counter sales. Oh, in six month clinical trials, obese people who took all of a stat lost on average 5.3 this is to point two pounds more than did those who were given dummy pills. Oh, to have that quickly were dropping. You dummy, you got it. It's a new zone where. Yeah, clients who wants people to use the pill for only six months at a time, but as an over the counter item, it's used could not be police. Oh, no, he did the die pill police. The tells effect ends once its use of stops a doctor Julie Golden, a medical officer in the FDA division of metabolism and endocrinology products, a previous study showed a progressive weight gain in patients after they stopped using oral stat Golden said, yeah, Addy, what is got fat blocker in my body? Yeah, sorry. That's exactly right. You tell him, Rick, God, he was good. What do we miss him bad now or what? He was damn good. Let's see, are this riding? I mean, stop. Although, you know, something I like this. I mean, he's nice as a good buddy. He's just so out of control. Once you get your own show, like two to four Riley, number one and the most annoying enthusiasm, dick by towel, baby, you got it, Riley. His patches are great. He's just getting on my nerves. Maybe it's just some tired. You think that's it? Because I'm ready to run out of gas. We had to get out now. Now, if gas, what was it up to? The max about three and a half bucks a gallon, their boots. And if it's going to go, if it really does, this Iranian thing, go to $100 a barrel, we're talking about, I would say about 40 for what is it right now, about two, 50, their belts? Well, 40% of 250 is a buck in a quarter, right? No, I'll take a work, or buck. 40% of 250 is a buck. So that's the only back to 350. So what's the big sum? Although, of course, when it gets started, I was going to say, oh, what was this going to have to be five bucks a gallon? So thank you again, Mr. President, for those low bargain basement gas prices and for working out that big queue. I rack, even if we're not getting any oil from there, even though there were economies in the crapper, we should have hooked up that big queue Saudi Arabia, but that would have messed up all your families, business would have been ladden family. And all those other oil maggots. Let's say, here's the fact that says for the pool, not sure if it's today's or tomorrow's at 11 at 17 weeks from circus, what about the juicy guy with a big eyebrows and does the informersials? Well, let's see, it wasn't a say, an informersial host down here? It does. Right, the juicy man, I can't remember what his name is, not to be confused with the other guy. I just talked about before he said, open his form to the birthday. We got to tell his juicer the Jaco Lane. Oh, you never saw that? No. He looks like he's, remember Tom Edison? Baby, baby, like, like, or his name's with us? Can you say baby? Hello, goodbye. Well, he's about four million sold in this really can make a guttable sound. And then they got this silly ass cross-eyed bitch on it. It's just so funny. It's a 62-dollar bill with Jaco Lane Power juicer. Yeah, juice this. Now, this guy's talking about the juicy man, but the real thing, Bushy eyebrows. You never saw that guy with a white eyebrow? Well, I don't know. I see nothing. I mixed it in this, uh, what's his name? Andy, really looked pale into the wind significance. Nobody, nobody has those kinds of brows. Well, the juicy man, man, the juicy man can. Oh, it's been a juicy man can. How many times have played that yesterday? Do I talk about 40? It sounds like a mole. Yeah, it's a mole. Every time you see this, the way you got one. Now, is it just me? Are you also taking with this a bit? It's okay. I like the chocolate. George, don't like it. Oh, it's fine. No, like it. It's fine. When you say it's fine, I mean, why I take the titties and cover it. Sweet, renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Cursey wants to make new or release too smooth. And I have to get what people are saying. I can't see Genesis. We have black people. His garments are bizarre. Sure, the god is mad. He compared the local students where we want the farm. It's hard to get. Yes, Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. There's the ones to make new or release things further. It's hard for us to come together. It's hard for us to rebuild a new relic. The one that should be Uptown all the way over the whole. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate in the wall. He never takes the blame for anything. Chocolate every in the debate. Catch up, bring in some coffee and you'll fall upon. Renegade. Renegade. Renegade. No, I can't. Renegade. It's the ones to make new or release things. You can't have new or release new or release new or release new or release new. It's worth the means of all. Well, you can have it. I was at. Don't make you way in. Hello. A deal. I deal with it. Okay. Palmy. Good, man. I got one for your poll. I'm going knowing my wife watches entertainment tonight. Could you that guy the fashion guy? Never seen him. Yes. Could. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, God. Oh, code. Yeah. Oh, God. Yeah. God. Dang. He's so annoying. I'm not saying that. Okay. Time to go. Code Joe. I think he's talking about the Curtis Joseph. No, hockey talk now. Code Joe. That is him. Code Joe? Right. I heard they stole his mojo. How many can you weigh in? Hello. I'm a little bit of a little bit of a c. WQA in. Hello. Right there. Line one. Mark it down. We have a little problem on. Eight years later. WQA in. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Aggravating Chuck Norris and Christy Brankley hockey that flies things. He goes up and now that the satellite calls you. Sounds like your commercial host, you know. Yeah. A tie your lover of things with tie in. Have you read John Barron's City of Falling Angels. No. You must read it. I'm supposed to see a God. It's no, it's it's it's it's look about Venice and the inside politics is that city and the players and written over. Very good. See a place I wouldn't go to if they paid me by the second. So you got to know. Crafty water. What's the name of it? City of Falling Angels. John Barron. Next time I want to get a book that's said the second one. I'll get it. Thank you. I'll fool me again as the book I was supposed to gotten. Yes today. Remember fool me again. Right. My Kristen what's his name Miller. Whatever that guy's name is. What do you remember the one fool me again? There's another guy. I can't get any interviews for the book and you know, because he talks about. He doesn't talk about he documents the fact that most both last two elections were focused and so they don't want for a money here. That's all. That's a pretty good way to keep you American public from no one for show. Although, remember they hurled it all those and went on for months and months and then finally. Oh, guess what? Algorithm really won. And he's the preem set. Oh, stop the count. Stop the count. Do we have that bit? Some work. Is that a KJ or what? Stop the count. Stop. The count is called a child. For those who will hide kids squeaky voice. A vocal Brian. Man, he must have been borrowing Goli's nuts for that bit. This. It's how you Rogers. This is 5. 16. A. All right guys. It's a bow. That's a loole. When I'm watching bats, you fall on TV. One man is an army. Yet in words of nonsense, TV. You're fair. And when someone goes these lines, He starts screaming things on his sleeve. Switching like a batchee. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. He should shut his fire home. To give me. When he is talking, To play from his head, Flying to me. Where is this guy come from? To give me. To give me. To give me. Don't retain his arms. And everyone's be keeping. Which he keeps his job shut. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. to give busy. To give me. To give me. To give me. one forty six with all the respect shown i made a mistake i think this pool sucks i'm sorry well what do you do that what do you want to do now i'm gonna leave it up there maybe they'll uh... lunch on a wood doing the uh... be it huh could plan and maybe not any of what you mama who cares wait to hear this in this ties right in would be the pool well and it's great all the air connecting the dot stuff we've had today is in what's not and where's my damn paycheck rock was fancy was united by teacher see this thing about the sports fans we got under sports nerds which i'm already surprised only got five votes that's because it's on this station so that's right you know that's true be the falls and that's a mania i mean you said i'm just barely gonna make it today just barely gonna eca a show today and i don't need much of a show so we have a good pull out by way to put on a day like this right and if i get paid out to do a good show be refueled Pennsylvania 17 year old high school students that he was humiliated when a teacher made him sit on the floor during a midterm examiners ethnicity class for wearing a dendra brancos jersey all right the teacher john kellie for the Joshua van Oye to sit on the floor that's van all i sit on the floor and take the test Friday two days before the Pittsburgh stevers beat the brancos 34 17 and the f c championship game kellie also made other students grow crumpled up paper at van Oye van Oye who may call a stinking dendra fan van Oye to the apia on a night kellie said van Oye junior beaver area senior high school just didn't get the joke i if he felt uncomfortable and that's a lesson that's what the class is designed to do kellie told the end report it was silly fun i can't believe you's upset made him sit on the floor and and let the other students grow crumpled up paper at him van Oye was wearing a number seven brancos jersey on friday because he's a fan of john el way to brancos return hollow flamer quarterback van Oye said he was so unnerved he left at least 20 questions blank on the 60 question test he just wants our kellie's class because he's afraid the teacher won't treat him fairly now that the story reached the media i'm gonna have to deal with him for two to nine more week school quarters and i was gonna want revenge from all the boys said yesterday i took the test i'm shaking on furious i didn't know what to do for this for revenge we know need to go see down call the on kellie who were a ben rautless burger jersey friday and is principal Thomas Carousoucey didn't immediately return messages left on a school voice man yesterday how do you like that teacher jackass man big beaver falls to the problem is with this to teacher shootings they always shoot the wrong teachers you know like a guy pump each use a good guy this teacher but i've been just on your from florida's the florida fn way you must know me and uh... big beaver falls area school this week to portena dana nougent since he was a world of the situation but said confident she out he rules preventive from commenting specifically will take whatever action we need to do in order for the student to feel comfortable nudgen said right comfortable my ass is that a joker what you know comfortable my ass all these people at you know in fact when you watch them will be primal fear this will strike a court all right you know that's not the one i'm sorry they will not strike a court the one who's right for his sleepers with a big in bill here water cast man Kevin bacon i'll give you like a little background i want to for a spoiler for you Kevin bacon dustin hoppin plays the attorney brought it that's the one that we decided that we did see you have a night i never saw from the beginning right until the weekend was i saw one watching that right at the beginning that side it was all right it was all right that's all right how's Kevin bacon doing all seen a moment was Kevin bacon what and and and the most interesting well maybe not the most interesting but part of that's kind of interesting is that the author of the book was based on said it was a true story and the new or state department of corrections is there was never any such juvenile justice uh system or our our institution where that kind of thing went on that we have no documentation and the author says only the names have been changed to protect the gildy obviously and that's it he stands by the story and they then they put that stuff all up at the end of the movie and sleepers yeah you thought it was only good i was a long time ago i thought it was just fine i mean i thought it was a time in the mirror when you go to watch primal fear and i try to get it in tonight although uh you know big night tonight you got that show that you just discovered you know on a sample what's it called super suspicious uh super natural and then of course there's the shield at ten o'clock which is all the shields shield my ass all right please save the life of humanity please the shield is great is it really what's even a hyper netting for ever since it came on it's everyone's favorite well it's technically a cop show but it's not it just takes place at a uh ha no it's not what you can't show that you're just like no no it's not a cop show it just has cops in it how's that okay it's a soap opera it's a blazing a cop buddy show at a bodycups it's nothing like the hero is a guy to me the hero is a scummy murdering cop so it's a soap opera the take place at a cop show a 49 year old flying student from Denver walked away from a crash on harm today in land tana after airplanes of dober during a touching go exercise at the airport every to those touching go exercises just this morning because every time you touch back there you go the incident occurred around ten forty nine this morning that's what does it around ten forty nine is more in the land ten air four while Geneva Davis clues so all and was completing a series of touch and go landings and take off on runway 15 her instructor was was on the ground it doesn't say what that was before after it's not a ground you'll rush this is five sixty two eight it's day oh you might have each other but the food you have five six so she fantasized in firsts are vaguely raccome I can't fall off. I can't fall off. I can't fall off. Read about her in the times of our poems. There's no marriage safe from ghosts to ghosts. Me if she makes you may have your loved life soaps. And you'll read a makes-kiss time. I can't fall off. I can't start by kicking out her shoes. Let the way in the ball over her feet. It's an all-branded, just can't really be who. Because you want to pour this dirt. You want to pour it to your gardeners who called. What do you want me to know you like, King God? What do you think are you thinking of the frog? And you want to make a make-kiss time call. I can't fall off that stuff. I can't fall off that stuff. I can't fall off that stuff. I can't fall off that stuff. She's been all mighty, unholy for you. You'll lose everything in your divorce. But when you're with her, there's no remorse. And so lean on makes-kiss time. I'm all alone. If I know if you're not being your kid, I'll bring her like a doll. When she leaves in your life, it's a kid. You'll bring her wallet in her wallet. That's the way that we're slowly blind. Maybe you should have stayed with your wife. You'd like to play in bad and trash so long. And so lean on makes-kiss time call. And so lean on makes-kiss time call. And so lean on makes-kiss time call. Oh, black face, bring her on over, okay? I'm having a couple of cash, you would take my energy up for the last minute here today. All right. You know what's called today? I've had the greatest impact on my life and reminded me of why I'm glad I'm out there. By the way, first guess how many seats the Conservatives wanted in the city of Toronto last night in the Canadian election? Oh, no. I just mentioned that in passing. But they got a call in about Richard Simmons for the pool and he said, I said, Riptala, I think he's dead. And he said, oh, he's gay is probably his. That's that's how Florida. Are you seeing what I'm saying? Yeah, that's it in a nutshell, okay? And by the way, pal, you're fair. So the religious nuts, oh, it's bigger nuts. Maybe these are religious nuts I mean right now. I'll check the candy. Can, have a good one. Bye, bye, bye. Bye, bye. I saw them.