And now, get me and Bo, with Drew Rosenhaus, holding on forred whole radio, 560 QFM. Beyond the phone none other than Drew Rosenhaus. Thanks for joining us Drew. Yeah, I'm alone. For those that don't already know, give us a little background on yourselves. I am responsible for every famous sports figure you've ever known. Since the beginning of time, I discovered spotter kiss, and satial page, bed brutes, marff throne berry, that was me. I discovered Lanetina. From Lincoln on down all the US presidents, that was me. I put Neil Armstrong on the moon. In fact, it was I who invented the very phone we're talking on. What have you done for us right here in South Florida? I got your rental tarry for the dolphins. That was me. Randall Terry, here's his picture. Can we get a shot of that? Yeah, there he is, Randall Terry. Yeah, we hit the big time. That's the situation. Drew Rosenhaus gentlemen. Yeah. Drew Rosenhaus right here on the phone in South Florida. Well, whatever you done. Moile David, that wasn't me. Drew, can you show us your boobs? My boobs. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see your boobs. I'm on the phone. That's okay. We gotta make this entertaining somehow. Sure. Here they are. These gentlemen on my boobs. Nice. That's a nice and cool sound. You will only find on Drew Rosenhaus. Drew, Drew, are they real? That you want to know what? Tell you what, Drew. How would you like a female companion? Well, it's no secret, I like girls. I'll introduce you to our program director. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's a guy, isn't it physically? Yeah. But more girl than you know. The situation is good. It's very soft arms. I'd rather rate mo. Mm-hmm. Thanks for joining us, Drew. We'll be back with more fake collars after these words from Glory Hold Paradise. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. I'm going to tell you. If we play that between 7 and 10, we'd have a number. Well, we'll have a number. I don't know if it's going to have like a, uh, in front of it again, like in September, not we'll see. Well, there's a little unexpected excitement. I said, here this morning, I'm thinking to myself, I better look up the arbitrarian website because I know that we're due for a trend. You know, like in late November, some day, I had no idea what's going to be today. And there it is today, 1130 this morning. It's those things. Huh? That's your instincts again. That's my psychic, uh, premonition of crap again. Right. If I could be, if I could just find the good machine, my like that, I'd be in good shape. I'd be a billionaire. But anyway, so that clearance about 10 minutes ago, sends the word down a hallway that, well, there are numbers that are going to be coming out in the soon as they come at 1130. He'll be sending them by. And now he likes facts as over a bunch of a crap that I already got, you know, the monthly and but it'd be pretty good, whatever. I'm going to tell you one thing, man, it's going to be a really traumatic, a movie important day this, uh, for the morning show, this trend, because this would be like two full months of that stuff. And again, I don't blame those guys. I blame, um, that quiz link up the hall there. I mean, this morning, uh, because Josh finally came, what do you come in there about 20 of? Yeah, that's when I get here. So I finally, uh, you know, got a chance to get a reprieve from Muslim and Drew Rosenhausstein, Berg, whatever the hell his name is. And then curb cursed street, long street, short street, and the long and short of it. Almost back to backside by eight. And then I missed Ira and Alex Marvaz, but I'm sure they're going to be on. Wow. That this is current society of programming. You pay a high-paced, high-paid talent, and then you bring in a bunch of other people and pay them on top of it to take up all the segments and make sure they get the audience away. Which we're doing a hell of a good job of that. Obviously, during the sports segments, nice going, Clarence, you idiot. You know, mad dog, he learned for me, long time ago we said, guests are boring, guests are pondering there are two now, they're crap. And he was right. And I'll guess what he's doing. Guests? Yeah. Well, not because he wants to, but because I'm sure there's enormous pressure. First daughter Barbara Bush had her person cell phone stolen as she had dinner in the restaurant and when as Adais Argentina, even though she was being guarded by a detailed a secret service agent, according to law enforcement reports made available to ABC News. It wasn't the only miss happened the two week trip to Argentina by Barbara and her twin sister Jenna, the Bush twins, a secret service agent on the advanced detail got into an altercation with somebody after a night out and was badly beaten according to law enforcement reports. The secret service said today the incident was an attempted mugging that occurred while the agent was on his own time and the agent is doing just fine. Oh, we're fine. The first matching took place on Barbara's first night in town while she was dining in the picturesque, sent him on a neighborhood. According to the reports, the secret service agent's fellow notice the incident. Or maybe they just happened to be intentionally looking the other way. The secret service wouldn't come in on the first matching and the first lady's office said they wouldn't come in on any personal trip made by the daughters. There have been recent reports, however, that Jenna Bush has been living and working in Panama as an intern for a unicef. So if you're hunting down the Bush twins, head for Panama. Now to place that everyone wants to go to. In fact, Latin America is a great place for Mexico all the way down to the tip of Chile. Good place to get mugged, murdered, whatever. All of these are all of these things. I don't know why that is. Here's the poll result from yesterday. What do you feel most guilty about? And again, we all apologize profusely because this was almost a carbon copy of the poll in previous day, which was something like it. That was a big, a big, a big red. Don't you see? I mean, similar, but not necessarily exactly the same. It could be some crossover. Right. What do you feel most guilty about? Nothing, 578, 48 percent. Half of us have been a field guilty about nothing. That's good. Don't be living with guilt all your life. You know, Jewish guilt, Catholic guilt, Muslim guilt. And by the way, the Mshmatahids on a plain guess what? Go pray someplace else, okay? If you don't want people getting pissed off and paranoid and psychotic and having you rest dragged off the plain, then go do your prayer someplace else. All these, really, all these getchies, man. Try to, well, well, we'll get to that. That's cut to do with today's poll. You know, it's how I interact. I drag that on an oldie, but goodie for today. That's right. Which has nothing to do with Thanksgiving necessarily, although. Anyway, guilty, nothing 578, drinking too much. 270. We got several heavy drinkers out there, including Josh. He isn't feel guilty about it. Not at all. He's at a lot. Cheating on my spouse slash partner 134. I hate this poll 133. 11% hated that poll. And of course, a lot of that, I'm sure, headed with the fact that, you know, it's the same as the one that they before almost. Is that what you think? That's it? Yeah. I doubt it. They feel guilty about voting for Bush 50. And we will find you. We'll track your ass down and blow your brains out. Although it'll be, we'll get a search party to find the brains. I never vote 21. I don't feel guilty about that. And cheating on my taxes only 17 feel guilty about that. So, that means we don't have too many people to cheat on their taxes. Or we don't have very many people to feel guilty about doing it, especially with the government, just raping the public. And thanks again to the government for getting those gas prices up again just in time for the heavy duty travel season. Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year, etc. Now that the election's over, what did I tell you before the election? I said, as soon as the election's over, those prices are going to go zooming up again. And did they? Absolutely. Here's today's poll, which has nothing to do with guilt or although it might have to do with the Jewish guilt or Catholic guilt. When Neil Rips religion, we did this before long time ago. Long ago, when Neil Rips religion, I love it. 3901, that's because we have a Heathen audience out there. Thank God. Thank God. 3901. It's interesting to it in 28. I turned the radio up. 188. Turn it way up, okay? I hate this poll only 44, 4.8% now we're back to a much more acceptable level when you agree? I would. Feel much better than we just went to 900 votes on the poll. We'll make a 1000 to the easy. And then we're going to leave for the Thanksgiving attorney day for the weekend. Guess what, Clarence, we're not coming back any of us. Till maybe when we feel like it, you idiot. I hate this poll 44. I turned it off when Neil talks religion 33 and I hated 16. So we lose 3.6% of the audience when I talk about all that religious cravings. He's picking on my beliefs. Well, too bad. Two stinkin' bad. You know what, reminds me of it's just like this crap with, I don't want to talk about him, though. My croutures. Oh, yeah, you're a cramer. How big are you? That's the big story. No, it is not the big story and you're mind it's the big story. I'm going to say it again. I don't know who he is. I didn't watch that show and I don't want to hear about his crap anymore. Or about how Gloria already is suing his ass on behalf of somebody else because they were offended by it. But everybody else did watch that show and they want to hear about his crap. Let me say it right now. I think in America, in any country where you're allegedly have free speech, I think we have a right to offend people. It's show off. There's a lot of people. Just like this poll shows right here. They turn it off if I rip religion. They can't handle the truth. We have a right to say what we believe in. Even if it's offensive, too freaking bad. Okay, if you're offended by it, turn it off. Go ahead under the bed. Stick your head in the sand like a freaking ostrich. Okay. And this crap about world. Are you used to? Somebody sent an appole. Which is a good poll. Maybe we'll do it on Thanksgiving day. You think so. That would be very tasteless. So that's good. Let's do it. I mean the tasty stuff. That's the food on Thanksgiving. Which there is no Thanksgiving here tomorrow. We already had an October like I told you. Somebody going to be missing out on that. Well, all he twice as much for you. Yeah, eat the extra turkey and lots of stuff. That's my favorite. I do love stuffing. Even stove top isn't bad. You know, I guess I could go out and buy some stove top and I would raise my blood sugar real bad. And I would puke and have to probably call in sick on Friday. Oh, let's know what. What? Miguel just got really into the grill nervous over there. Why is that? Just because he's going to be sitting there all by himself. So did you ever get that straight now with parents about the fact that you misunderstood about coming in yesterday and Monday and today? We talked. I guess we had a, you know, what? We missed understood each other. Yeah, right. In other words, you're sucking up to him now. Is that the deal? I don't know. You know, I thought that we only talked about Friday. That Miguel coming in. Yeah. And he says we talked about the whole week. So, and what about Miguel? Did you discuss it with him? Because obviously he was sound asleep when you called him Monday morning. We had no way to run the board. But nevertheless, I don't want to go back over that again. It's Thanksgiving tomorrow. We should be in a really good mood. Here is the full suggestion. When do you use the N word? And there's the, this is one of our regular pull of suggestions. And usually, and not to bid this one's not bad. Never. Only in the right company for the occasional joke. But I'm not a racist in parentheses. That's cute. Sometimes in traffic, sometimes with watching the news. Sometimes in the shower, when I'm singing to myself, Booker Brian's classic kiss a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a. And when we're afraid of my close friends on black, it says, see, there's a black guy, dark guy that uses the in word. How about when I see OG on TV? Huh? Now that's an insult to people of the N category. That's a low blow. Fine, 118 votes on the pool. All this big sentence about, while Mike Richards said this, and he's an angry man, well, who cares, you know? Big deal. See, hot hysterical story, do you sure? Like I told you, the media tell everybody what they ought to be. All whipped up about. Forget about all the dead people in Iraq and all the lies that, uh, were, you know, resolved to be in there. Now, forget about those things. Those are an important. What's important is that some stand-up comic that a lot of us never even heard of, well, use the inward because he got, I wonder if the guys who are heckling him in the audience would have been white. Well, there would be a story. I mean, he would have still gotten pissed off, no doubt, because he's obviously very thin-skinned. But being a yo-fi's name is Kramer, he must be Irish. So maybe he's just fierce-skinned. I don't see Brad Kramer at Northfield, downs in his little parking, all bent out of shape. So I mean, there's one crappy drive, Brad, you idiot. You loser. I don't see that going on. But crazy Kramer. Remember crazy Kramer he's dead. That's long before your time. He used to be on with? Who's that? What? You're buddy, Tanner. By the way, don't forget you're working in the Tanner building, so govern yourself according to him. Okay, that's what Muff would say. Hey, Muff. You're fairy. Just remember that. You're working in the Tanner building, so walk on egg shells and don't be grabbing nobody's at private. From an attempt to 10 at 5, 60, WQMR scheduled today, I guess, Curtis is on for Magdogger, a Magdogger, too. Am I right? Yes, you are. Power, power, our hank will be doing it by himself, to remit our, which I'm sure he's got a lot of practice. Five to seven he'll be on again alone. Panther preview with seven to Panthers in the lightning in 730. The lightning today suck or what? Absolutely. I'm pathetic in that any K after Panther. That was Geldy doing it there again this morning. Hoping up the free char hot, is that it? That's right. Which you already have on the free char. All digging right in there with the free lunch. Only 10 13 in the morning. Oh, I ate mine at a like a little before nine. I know that. Hop, hop, hop, hop. 921 votes on the pool. I think this hour we make over the 1000 and then we can all take a nice long nap. Thank you, baby. Absolutely. Gaze and a cheese. Though that's not enough. Shot to you all. I shot when I expressed myself. Religion I have called. I let them know what you're going. Now I'm getting hate males from the pool. Pump the gamaddy he wants me to. We'll just have my two paymaid. I just feel if we sit with live on life. Better with our vision. You're fair. Never know in hope but show our fans. Once we end the chain. What I should have said was family and just followed by an I just You. I should have just my mouth before. I think my face goes in. Or something else. You fair. 10 18 at five 60 WDQM 90049 votes on the pool. Man, we are kicking serious big, fat, grotesque nasty ass. That's weird. Today. Already. I said we'll have a thousand by the time the little hand hits the top of the hour. It gets to be a little bit of clock. And then we'll play like music for three hours. What do you say? All right. I think you have to do that on Friday. And there's some music with all the comedy bits because we. They're not that many that we can play anymore. You know. Creates a real dilemma. I would even come in for it if I thought I could interest Miguel just to play the right. I thought we were going to play that. Didn't you do that one year? I know actually being a board did. I did that for a show. I remember I played this. Right. Was it on Thanksgiving? Was it on some holiday? I'm sure when I was doing it. I'm sure when I was doing it. I don't remember. Well, it's possible back in the day to do it. But not now. Because we don't. It's not that we don't trust you guys judgment. But it's you know, we're everybody's asses on the line. And you know, who's judgment exactly is it? Joyce. I don't know what you're laughing about. That's it. My aim is. See, we're sure not going to be playing that Friday. Sure. Huh? You sure? See, we would have played it. Yeah, that's why I'm going to be in Friday. No judgment. But like I said, so we got somebody that's such a limited number of bits we can play. So we'll play like some music in there to and between. What are you saying? Oh. Oh. Or we'll have like Drew Rosenhausstein, Burger again for another segment. And I were a win-back and herb Kirk Street long street short street long fellow. I could work on some guests for you. That's easy. No thanks. Guests suck. Okay. But you can't tell these people anything because they're the experts. Clarences the expert. And he's got his head so far. I'm Joyce's ass that it's coming out of her ear lobes. And that's just the way it is. And Joe, of course, he's like, yeah. Hey, Mr. Happiness. Right? Did I say this last January? That's what he is. He's the good time, good time, Jolly guy. You know, ought to be running around hand not lollipops. How do you know he isn't? He might be. I know he gave one to Duffins and said suck on this. But nevertheless, 1954 votes on the pool. See, we'll get to that thousand easy by 11 o'clock. And then I think it's downhill from there. Then we got the numbers at 11 30. I think we got this baby. Licks and happy Thanksgiving to everybody by the way. And if you're out there traveling, you're crazy. Josh is going to be out there driving. Can I say it on the air where you're going or not? Yeah. He's going to see bring. Well, I don't think anybody will be following you over there to see bring. No. There's nothing there. You got relatives in see bring? No. My family has a lake house up there. So. So you're all going or you're just going to do it by yourself to get away from your family. Yeah, I'm going there by myself. Because I'm see bring. It's great play. Oh, you're not. Nobody goes to see bring all by themselves unless they get a whole bunch of people there. They're going to shove a lot kinds of great food down there. Push, which I'm sure is what that's all about. Don't forget, here's my warning to everybody. And that's on Thanksgiving Day is a day. If there's a day that you're likely to die from what reading tomorrow's the day. When you agree? Yeah. All right. We find carb crap that I talked about yesterday. Man, going to get your blood sugar assurring and oil clog your arteries and that's very good to the heart attack and croak. I beg your pardon. I can't wait. Well, just don't overdo it. That's what I'm telling you. So we should overdo it. That was going to say so at least to be back on Friday. But look, I'm Monday. You might be back. You'll have the whole weekend to recuperate from tomorrow's indiscretions, which I'm sure there will be many. But anyway, Friday, I'll be here. I'm a gal will be here in George Hill finishes week of vacation in Josh's Leigh. And because he's got to recuperate up there in seabring. Well, come and back Friday. I'm going to that aerosmith concert. And probably even the leftovers too. Bring it back into car with you on the way back. Oh, of course. Bring a whole bunch of turkey sandwiches. And then a whole thing full of stuffing, you know. And just shovel it, eat it with your hand. What does this say? Oh, pace of global warming causes alarm. I don't want to sit here in a weed for four hours today because that would be bad on the day with a numbers are coming up. I'm sure clearance wouldn't be too happy with that. Because what does it have to do with sports? I'll tell you one thing he'd be very proud of is my desktop on my computer though. Don't you think he would approve of that? I'm sure. Probably for more reasons than one. Hey, clearance. You're fair. My 15 Brady quins there in his shorts and whatever those are. His, whatever. I sure wish he'd take him off, but nevertheless, he's just got there. We all happy look on his face. Now if he'd show up at my door, I'd have that happy look on my face too, but he won't. 963 votes on the pool. Anyway, getting back to Seth Borenstein's column. He says a very different and frightening world coming. I expected scientists warn. I like that. Oh my God. Animal and plant species have begun dying off or changing sooner than predicted because of global warming a review of hundreds of research studies contends. These fast moving adaptations come as a surprise even to biologist and he colleges because they're occurring so rapidly. At least 70 species of frogs, mostly mountain dwellers that had nowhere to go to wascaped the creeping heat, have gone extinct because of climate change analysis says. It also reports that between 100 other cold dependent animal species, such as penguins and polar bears are in deep doodoo baby, deep trouble. Penguins and polar bears call a bird's mirror to the right away. We're finally seeing species going extinct. At university of Texas biologist Camille Parmesan, author of the study. That's your name Parmesan. Now we've got the evidence it's here or is that Parmesan is Mr. Ego would say. Some Parmesan cheese. You idiot. You silly person. You professional law loser. Now we've got the evidence it's here. It's real. This is not just biologists. In the wishnets what's happening said Camille Parmesan. For review of 866 scientific studies, this is summed up in the journal annual review of ecology, evolution systemetics. Parmesan, I don't know what our name is. Reports in trends of animal populations moving northward if they can. Species adapting slightly because of climate change. Plants blooming earlier and speaking of blooming idiots. It's in raise there, various. And of an increase in pests and parasites. Parmesan and others have been predicting such changes for years, but even she was surprised to find evidence that it's already happening. She expected it would be another decade away. It's happening. Don't blick your eye because before you know if they're all going to be gone, all the frogs will be dead. And if they're from Montreal, so be it. Just five years ago biologists, though, not complacent believe the harmful biological effects of global warming were much farther down the road. Said Doug Vist Fudiyama. Professor of ecology and evolution of the state university in New York and Stony Brook. I feel as though we're staring crisis in the face. He said, it's not just down the road somewhere. It says, hurtling toward us. Doug. Anyone who's 10 years old right now is going to be facing a very difficult and different and frightening world by the time they're 50 or 60. Oh, thank God. I'm getting ready to croak. You know what? While over the past several years studies have shown problems with certain species animal populations or geographic areas. Parmesan is the first comprehensive analysis showing the big picture of global warming and do changes. Thomas, Professor of Conservation Biology at the University of York in England. While it's impossible to prove conclusively that the changes of the result of global warming, the evidence is so strong. Another supportable explanations are lacking Thomas said. So it's statistically virtually impossible that these are just chance observations. Parmesan says he was most about the cold and after species such as Emperor Penguins, who've dropped from 300 breeding pairs to just nine in the Western and Arctic peninsula. Just, yeah, that's it. Or polar bears which are dropping a numbers and in weight in the Arctic. Maybe if I want to lose some weight, that's what I should do instead of trying to do actions of these stupid diets that don't work. I should go to the Arctic. Yes, my answer. Please, wait, wait, wait. Go for it. Now, to 193 and a fraction on a scale this morning, I have to bed for me. That's because I finally figured out how to make a really tasty omelet in my whatever the thing is. That GT Express? Now you're not using those beaters anymore. No, not using the way to be. Why does that make a difference? These are real eggs, man. Real great A expensive honest to God eggs. They're the expensive eggs? Yeah, they're the ones Brady Quinn brought to my door this morning. I separated those eggs for me and he ran like a son of a bitch. 26 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM. It's first time I saw eggs with hair on him by the way. Very interesting. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I don't want to do that scrutiny milk to me. I want to give him a blinder name. But there's no chance at all. So does that make me a sports quit if I want to see him grab the balls? Oh, they can't wait. Look at that kid. You ain't seen no man quite like Brady Quinn. and I had him believes Great hope she's love I can do love all I wanna have to get enough time to walk there always God got great I want to win, you say, please don't let play like greedy, please. We'll leave you out. Look at that cute, you wait, you don't let play like greedy, please. Rectrum! By the way, Scott Brady is 800 year old actor. Only chicken neck would know about somebody like that. I thought he was going to say Tom Brady is out and you know what I'm saying? Well, that made more sense. But since he's living in frozen in the past, chicken neck, he comes up with these people. He died 21 years ago, Scott Brady. That's how he does it, chicken neck. Yeah, he's living in, he has frozen in that ancient ancient old the time. He's kicking an ancient style. 991 votes on a poll today, not bad. And I am going to use that poll thanks to ever-centred. And that's not a bad poll since it's so timely now. And everybody's all whipped up about Mike Richards and sign-failed and all that other crap. But it made me put a move for the mob. Anglery, all red. I'm really grateful for the fact that I'm so powerful and got so many people listening to man count. I mean, 995 votes. I mean, look what we got. And again, those guys could be very funny, even you said that this morning, who was saying that Miguel or are you? We're both. I don't know what you're talking about. You're such a worse man. I mean, I've listened to it. It's okay. What's that? Our morning show, Kenny and Bow Morning show with the sports segments that Clarence voiced on them to try to do everything in his power to destroy it. I think I guarantee he's working with his buddy, Stu got to cross his three clients. He's got to be. Those two are joined at the lip. They're joined at the rectum, he took to cheek. It's got to be. Doing everything in this power to destroy everyone of those shows. And of course, this one. Look what we got. Now we got a thousand votes. Wow. Wow. Oh, we're fine. Look at that. And the baby fourth Thanksgiving when everybody with a brain is gone. Aren't you impressed with that? No, you're not. I am. I'm pretty shocked about that. That's some serious progress. Anyway, one hour from now, we'll be having those trends, those ratings come out. And I'm going to kill some really good time on the day before Thanksgiving. I'll read them all. Even the stations that have like a point, you know, zero, zero, like across the street. See, that's another thing, Clarence. Don't waste my time with those numbers from the ticket. I don't really care that much because we're not competing with them on a show, which he still doesn't understand. Oh, that's the enemy over there. That's the sports station. Well, we don't care. I think I like that. Do you care? No. Do you listen to them? No. Because you don't listen to us either, but that's beside the point. I do sometimes. Now, Miguel does. He's a radio maven man. He's got that dial. He's all over the place. I try. He could tell you everything that everybody said in the morning like what Tanner said this morning and he's not even on the air. David S. Cloud in New York Times says, US considers raising two levels in Iraq. This is enough to make you want to gag up your Thanksgiving meal and you haven't even eaten it yet. Pentagon officials conducting a review of Iraq strategy are considering a substantial but temporary increase in American troop levels and the addition is several thousand more trainers to work with Iraqi forces. A senior defense department official will be saying this week. The idea dubbed the surge option by some officials would involve the increasing American forces increasing by 20,000 troops or more for several months in hope of improving security, especially in Baghdad that would mark a sharp rise over the current baseline of 144,000 troops. A civil war going on their full-fledged uncontrolled, autocontrolled bloodbath going on. And the 20,000 more troops is that the only thing that's going to do is put more Americans in peril and cause more dead Iraqis, more dead Americans, but other than that. See, this is what happens when you get yourself into a quagmire, when you yourself like locked into a situation that you can't get out of, like signing a long-term deal at QAM. And then finally they bring in a bunch of bozos like this to run a joint. If you think what we had before was bad, oh, these people haven't got a freaking clue. If there's one thing I want to hear, man, it's about college football. Because I'm going to tell you right now, if you don't care about college football, then you're not going to listen to this radio station. It's all we tell them. And occasionally the fins, the fish, whatever you want to call them, the sick puppies. That's all we got. And once and a very well, they're having a, aren't they up to a bad start? I think I don't pay attention then. Really? They lost to get in last night, I believe, didn't they? Yes, they did. Oh, no. And of course, isn't he out injured? Oh, yeah. Don't care. 10, 10 on the full already. How is this possible? I think a lot of people are voting multiple times. But I hate this polls along at 4.6%. That's pretty good. Now let's see how they feel about it. Because we'll do a whole show, not can religion on the day before Thanksgiving. Oh, that's so sick. Religion is how can you do that? First of all, what else Thanksgiving got to do with religion? Not being thankful for what you got in the God didn't give it to you. Right? You got it on your own unless maybe you were born in the rich parents like the Kennedy's. You know, like that. You know who I saw in biography last night? Ted Kennedy was on biography. I'm a big take Kennedy fan, even though so he was a slime ball in me, respect. Who the hell wasn't? You know, he had his issues including just like Josh. A little booze problem, but never less. I swear that's not a problem. A slime ball in me, respect. Who the hell wasn't? You know, he had his issues including just like Josh. A little booze problem, but never less. I swear that's not a problem. But it's a, well, it depends. It's a, you know what that's like? It's like that movie. I don't know what tells you call with Philipsy more often owning the homie, which you haven't seen. No, I have no. To choose to write was filmed right here in Toronto. It's about a guy who's a compulsive gambler and there's a great line in that movie. He says, I don't have a gambling problem. I have a losing problem. But I don't have a drinking problem. I don't drink a lot. I do. No, you're drunk, but you're just don't. I, well, you, that's not what you're always telling us. Well, I don't, I always get in the way. I'm the one I'd be for. You know what I mean? What? I get a hair on the other. Yeah. We get the hammer on a weekend who gets under in the week. When Neil Ripff religion 1018, we got already. This is shocking. This is just a mason's the crap out of me. I hope we do is well, when a trans come out with the numbers there as we would do it on the polls lately. Because you get the feeling that in spite of the fact that I'm reading all these stupid articles and not taking any calls. Although we took a really good one yesterday for about two seconds. Well, like, nine, yeah, and then the other. A lot's not up again, actually. I mentioned it. I beg your pardon. So what you got to do is mention it. I don't have the monitor turned on. So I don't know whether the ringing or not nor do I care. And if you think if you think I'm taking calls on the day before things are giving, you must be dreaming. You must be already a boosted enough for the weekend. No chance in your pants. The Bobby Kennedy movie comes out tomorrow speaking of the Kennedy's. I had a tear in my eye by the end of that biography show last time. I mean, I didn't hit like tears running down my cheeks like some kind of a, you know, silly ass queen. But I had to tear my eye. It was emotional. How anybody could endure and you're survived through all of things. The tragedies they haven't had. I don't know how he's done it. You're okay, Teddy. Have another drink. Oh, and I'm telling you, they showed some of the pictures when he married his second wife. His current wife. Remember what he had bulked up was like about 800 pounds. I just unbelievable. Like a moving mountain. He looked like the beast and fat rich combined. Just a giant in the political industry. When Neil talks to Richard, I ripped through a legend. I love it. Four hundred and forty eight. Yeah, I need to do a lot more of it. Oh, there's a what's his name from fish and possible. Peter Graves. My husband totaled our new SUV on my birthday. But you know, I still love it. Anyway, when Neil writes for legends, interesting 253, I turn around to 111. I turn it up. I blast that thing so that everybody all these, uh, Getskies out there can hear the truth for once in your life. And maybe they stop being emotional cripples all the time. Oh, the good Lord said, there's the good Leia right good Lord my ass. I hate this pool 47 4.6%. You see how it went up a little bit since I mentioned that? I turn it off 40. That means we lose 2.8%. If we talk religion, see, threatening to turn the show off or, uh, that doesn't fly with me. It never has has no impact. And I hate it 19 when it touched religion, I hate it 1.8%. But those people still keep listening though. So in other words, they're massacists. Probably just like to be a bush crowd out there. There we own. We ever say anything good about this president. Oh, do we didn't deserve having anything good said about it? Oh, no. So there's still a steam, whatever that small number is of right wingers, or just probably monitoring the show. The next game, stuff that's down. The next game, stuff that's down. This is the O'Rotter's 4.0.560. If you, A, and go Rogers, huh? That's a, that's a looting. Oh, do I still write selling crap? Oh, Chris, Chris, it's 2.10. Early. I don't want to see missiles cold. Or tensed at rounds, no. There's plastic sandals everywhere I go. Stores are already selling crap. Oh, Chris, it's 5. It's 2.10. Early. And even at work, he gets, and they want to put me in dead shopping on. The next. I don't want him to be a little else. The rules of how they rap. I don't need to see lights, this thing silenced. I need two of them to give a crap. And then by saying, I will say, until I'll give him a sweat. Oh, I've already selling crap. Oh, Chris, Chris, it's 2.10. Early. And every year, they're setting up the main dressing. I hope that this don't sound mean. But we just finished up with hollow wing. Stores are already selling crap. Oh, Chris, it's 2.10. Early. And I don't want to hear people saying, it's the freaking thing. It's not even saying. It's fake. Surprise. It's almost still a cute bit, even though it is Thanksgiving tomorrow. And then, of course, Friday is that big is shopping day of the year when everybody goes out there and acts like a bunch of lunatics. And you wonder why they do that? Why do they do that? Because they can. A survey of the Iraqi people just released by worldpublicopinion.org, WPO. You know what WPO stands for? We're pissed off. Show us that most Iraqi support in Surgeon attacks on American troops. And the majority of those pulled one the US out of that country. But you know what? Screw them. I say, get the troops home in time for a nice Thanksgiving turkey dinner tomorrow. Get them on a plane right now. Get them all out of there. What a coincidence, right, Bob. God, you're every pulled out of the US in recent months. Show us that Americans also want the US out of the hell out of Iraq. The only people who seem deaf to this are George W. Bush's administration in the bulk of congressional Republicans. The WPO pull which took place in September showed that 71 percent of the Iraqi people want the US military occupation in within a year. 61 percent favor violence against our troops. I think you like that. Does that piss you off a little bit just on aero Thanksgiving? I would think so. Just a tad. Support for attacks on US that forces his grow to a majority position. Now, 6 and 10 said the WPO is formal report on the survey. Support appears to be related to widespread perception held by all that the groups that the US government plans to have permanent military bases in Iraq and wouldn't withdraw forces from Iraq even if the Iraqi government asked it to. If the US were to commit to withdraw more than half those who approve of attacks on US troops say the support for attacks would diminish. Now, the words if you promise to get that out of, then we don't favor killing it. Other pull results, 58 percent of Iraqi said interethnic violence would decrease if the US let forces pulled out, 58 percent. 78 percent say the US military presence is provoking more conflict than its preventing. At 53 percent believe a US timeline would withdraw with strength and not weaken the Iraqi government such as it is. Of course, your president said on the strip to Southeast Asia this week that the Lesnaree believes America should observe from the catastrophic Vietnam war in a plight or rack is that we'll succeed unless we quit, which is why despite the opinions of most Iraqis, most Americans and the clear mandate of our midterm elections, Bush continues to oppose a timetable for bringing the troops home. When Bush gets back to Washington, he should go to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Look at the 58 thousand names of our war did there and ask himself how many of those would be alive in the nearer termination right now if we had not stayed the course in another war for so many years. But I feel confident he'd miss that lesson as well, says Bob Gaggaran, smoking chimps. Well, there's no sense there's no feeling. And of course he didn't have to worry about that nausea and Vietnam because he was able to win. Dodge it. He dodged it. He's a dodger. The arful dodger. 147 votes on the full man. We might have close to 1100 by the top of the hour. This is a major development. I sure hope that it's on the front page of the Washington Post and the LA Times tomorrow. On Thanksgiving Day. Aren't you upset about those numbers coming out? No. Don't forget, just send me the 18 plus. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all this other crap. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. I don't want to waste a whole room of facts paper on all of this stuff. So if it's made from a nice desktop there? Mostly, I mean, the other stuff is cute, but not as cute as he is. And if it sounds like I'm becoming obsessed when it's getting me disgusting, I don't want to do that. And it's very interesting to me that the thing about the holy Bible, which is very funny, if you look at it. That's just a couple of spots above Brady's pictures. So it goes to sure, if you're pre-long enough, something really good will eventually pop up. Is that what the message is from that? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. I know I'm praying for it. And of course, like always, when you're prayer lot, it doesn't do any good. Now, what'd you say yesterday, he looks like a chipmunk, Brady Quinn? Yeah, he's got big teeth. James Carvell's attempted topple Howard Dean as chairman of the Democratic National Committee failed after his state party officials even a vocal critic of Dean Crush the coup official said. They crushed the coup. This is from the New York Daily News. Inside is from the Hillary Clinton camp, a warrants that Carvell's untimely remarks lies to be calling for Dean's ouster, and favor of unsuccessful Senate candidate Harold Ford at Tennessee. It wasn't just coming from Hillary, and they made a real effort to distance himself from James comments to the source close to the Clinton's. You know, swallowing? The Clinton East is, don't want to underzeer backlash from the activist wing of the party that overwhelming reports Dean, especially because some anti-clinton Democrats have blamed Senator Hillary Clinton for the attack by Carvell, a long time Clinton insider. Those forces claimed Carvell's motive was to topple Dean and favor of a chairman more favorable to Hillary's bid for the presidency. How do you like that? Bich. Carvell's remarks last week came as House Speaker designate Nancy Pelosi speaking of Bich bungled the race for Democratic majority later, party operatives acknowledged the Carvell and Pelosi side shows were detracting from their election victories as usual to Democrats that's their specialty. Grasp being defeat from the judge's victory, bungling it when they find to get their hands on the ball they fumbled it away. By the way, how do you like that dolphin rushing a performance against the Vikings? What was it three or four yards? I read in the Boscorts had three, but Bich and Jack asked their horns to the head four yards. That might have. Oh, it's minus four yards? Minus three or four, yeah. Oh. Although Ronnie Brown, downtown Ronnie Brown did help a job of a 12 carries for two yards. That's not bad. That's a six to the yard of Carvell. We applaud Chairman Dean for his commitment to ensuring Democratic candidates and state Democratic parties have the resources and tools needed to compete and win. And we remain committed to the hard work of rebuilding our party for the future said Mark Brewer, president of the Association of State Democratic Chair, Chairs. Chairsman. Brewer's organization, Dorsey Dean's $30 million effort. About 30 men. That helped win six new Democratic governorships and control a 10-out more state legislature. Dean is credited with launching that 50-state program. They laughed at him when he said it needed to help a job. Nice going, Holly. Credit with launching a 50-state program to rebuild the party at the grassroots as the GOP so successfully is done for the past 25 years. No question Dean can survive because this is a mathematical equation. He has the votes on the DNC because he's been investing in the state party, he said party activist David Sorota. I mean, that's all my Shara Sorota at the neck. Carvell didn't respond to attempts to contact him. He's mom. He's to busy his fall spot. Even Dean Bashar representative Ram Emmanuel Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and an ex-advisit of Bill Clinton called Dean last week to say Carvell was acting a lot. What the hell was that? That was my Shara-ona. Didn't sound like it's a me. He met it. That wasn't it. What it says. Get out of here. And one time the DNC Chairman done, followed, referred to Carvell as an ill-advised voice. Why did the Washington people think they've got a special parogative to dictate what the Democratic party needs, followed, about an email to the party faithful? Why should anyone want a mess with the team that won these remarkable election results, he'd be asking, how do you like that? So once again, the in-fighting goes on and the meantime, all these people are dying and what bath and Lebanon again, those poor bastards. I guess my lesbianese cab driver is going to be really down to the dumps when he picks me up this afternoon for WWE, would buy Wednesday. Do you think it's a wood-bought wheat for you? It sure is. You got Thanksgiving tomorrow, which is no holiday here, so it's going to be nice and quiet there. I can go out there in the morning and get my own machine, mine, find a good machine. And with my tremendous perspocacy day with my prognostic aces working, so I should be able to pick out the good machine. Should I? Since I knew that it was a ratings day, I just had that feeling. My psychic power is again. Well, good luck to you. I hope you hear the prize now a lot. Yeah, I sure you do. You're a so sour on Slotsman. I'm not sour, I just go, I've got a great story on that, by the way. I am so glad that you mentioned that. They interrupted. Where did he go? If I can find it. I got a huge pile today, anyone in the wine? Why is that? Because I have a huge pile every day. See, one thing you'll notice is that I don't get to like 150 and then say, well, that's all I got, you know? Like, I would never, well, no, because then I would probably empty calls or I'll still talk to you for 45 minutes. I don't think that's going to happen. Right. About 20 miles north of alligator alley, up a two lane road that winds past grazing cows stands the Semitral Tribes, Newis Casino. How's them an air condition white tent that offers 63 slot machines and little else? Three vending machines stand in the corner. The restrooms are an affordable unit outback. At 530 on a Friday, there are no customers, just a manager in two employees. Well, that's weird. I was just there, I didn't see anything. That's how I get the tampon back. The remote big sacrifice casino, which isn't even listed on the Tribes website with other casinos, is one of the main reasons the Semitral's and Governor Gemshire fat ass Bush and April Broke often negotiations over a gangling compact. A compact and agreement governing tribal casinos would mean bigger profits with the Semitral's with the share going to the State government. It would allow the Tribal install Vegas style slots that its casinos and place it on those silly bingo style machines, which typically offer lower payouts in January less profit. Currently the state receives no share of the Tribes gambling revenue, of course. The Semitral, say they simply want to enforce their sovereign right to operate casinos on their land. A spokesman said the Tribes has no plans to expand the big sacrifice operation, although he wouldn't rule that out. If the casinos did expand or at a hotel, if they bring development and additional traffic to one of the most important areas or mainly the Florida Panther according to a state panther respite, I don't know they played hockey out there, either in that joint. The governor, a staunch opponent of gambling, a real big fat ass hypocrite, wants the big sacrifice casino shut down, arguing its existence threatens the environment of the surrounding Everglades. He views the casinos in temp by the Tribes who have spent gambling operation to be out of casinos, and Hollywood, coconut Creek, Brighton, Tampa, and Namacoli, said Rackel Rodriguez, the governor's general counsel is named NNZ. So there you go, it's 20 miles north of Aliguita, where Aliguita, Aliguita, for two-lane road, well, you don't go on that road. Are you talking about? What are you talking about? I went to Tampa, I just told you. Aliguita, Aliguita, Aliguita, all the way up. I mean it ends, but you know, it takes 75 to Tampa. But how do you know which road this is? This is up a two-lane road this is all about Aliguita, there's nothing there, but cows like the article mentions. Yeah, but there's a road, there's an exit there, if you get where you go off to the thing. The big San Francisco scene will be, look for it, and next time you go, punch your guts out. The biggest name, so best challenge, the title is, again, Rodgers, for shriveling the U.S. U.A. and this is the new Rodgers show. So is this odd. Really? I'm at the space, it's哥d. So it's still high up in any way, because if the move is a complicated threat, then there is no way far, so it will take it to Hollywood at this point. Despite our hesitation, the average reviewers are stillчно willing to drive get a brand new liver. Everybody gets a live on. I'm your bodyguess. Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new U-Villa. Everybody gets a brand new U-Villa. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Bro, giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for it even though she could easily afford to. And next season, everybody in the studio audience get a statement. Everybody gets a six-foot helper monkey. You can have, it's 1102 at 5.60. We got Curtis for the Mad Dogger 2. And then the Humper from 4 to 7 solo. Panther preview at 7 o'clock. Any intro? No. How about a little bit? No. Panthers in lighting at 7.30 in the education after that. By the way, can you please tell some person to stop sending this time magazine article about my amy? We don't care for the love of God. Now, we don't care, okay. In fact, Josh is getting pretty peo to about it, okay? Quit wasting our facts paper in our time. What's something stupid? What does it say? What's it about? It's just about people leaving my amy. Yeah, well, we already know that, including me, okay? So cut the crap. No way did hear. That's what our internet is going in and out. I don't see any dropouts. I see one dropout on there. I'd like, listen. It's the day before Thanksgiving. One thing we ought to be thankful for is the fact that we're not going to pay any attention all these Ojo on Provocator, Goi on out there. We don't care. Stop the complaining. Stopping, professional. And the guy that sent you about the internet going out. That's why people are leaving software to cut the stir. I'll get disturbed on the day before American Thanksgiving. This is from the agents' France press from some French frog publication, Mayor. I think he's going to do a John Pike Directory GlobalSecurity.org, a military issues thing take, told AFP agents' France press. They're going to bomb WMD facilities next summer, he added, referring to nuclear facilities Iran's says are for peaceful uses, and Washington says they're really intended to make nuclear bombs or WMDs. It would be a limited military action to destroy the WMD capabilities added to the endless believing US military invasion of Iran is not on the table. US journalists seem more harsh, no relation to sunny, also said at the weekend that White House talks led by Vice President Dick Cheney, or as Chris Matthew says, Dick Cheney were intent on attacking Iran with without the approval of the US Congress, both houses at which would switch from Republican Democrat control in January after the November 7th legislative elections. The New Yorker published an article by her saying that one month before the elections, Cheney held a meeting on a random which he said the military operation would never be discarded. The White House promptly issued a statement saying the article was riddled with inaccuracies. Joseph Sarenchioni, Senior Vice President of National Security International Policy at the Center for American Progress, a Democrat-friendly think tank, also believes the US government could decide to attack Iran. It's not realistic, but it doesn't mean we won't do it, he told AFP in an interview at less likely after elections, but it's still very possible, moving proceedly. If you look at what the administration is doing, it seems that it's going to inevitably lead us to a military conflict yet, saying that no alternative solution was being sought-acquainted discussion with Iran on Iraq, which could lead to talks on Iran's nuclear program and role in the region. Senior members of the Bush administration remain seized with the idea that the regime in Iran must be remote to once he only said. The nuclear program is one reason, but their deeper agenda is this belief that American military power can be used to fundamentally transform the regime's and the Middle East he added. With the resignation of Rumsfeld, hardliners in the government have lost one of their leading advocates, and his replacement former central intelligence agency Chief Robert Gates has in the past favor direct talks with Iran. But they remain within the administration at the highest level, the office of Ice President the National Security Council staff, perhaps the President himself, they be saying. Transjunie also accused Neocons, circles of promoting the military option against Iran, and the Sunday op-ed peace in the LA Times, Joshua Muravjick, resident scholar of the Neocon American enterprise institute called for getting tough with Iran. We must bomb Iran, he said the path of diplomacy and sanctions has led nowhere, our options therefore are narrowed to two. We can prepare to live with a nuclear arm to Iran or we can use force to prevent it. Israel's also been pushing Washington to get tough on Iran, is rarely definitely defenseman Sir F. Armstrong's snay didn't rule out preventive military action, a lot of who's related to Harold Snepz. Did not rule out preventative military action to stop Iran from requiring nuclear weapons in a reason to be with the English language Jerusalem post? However, a Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadini Jad, seems unperturbed. On Monday he said Israel was incapable of launching a military attack on Iran's nuclear sites and called Israeli threats, proper gander. That's what he said. It's a lot of proper gander. That's the guy. Ahmadini Jad, a Khushmer and Tauhshah, whatever his name is. In 1992, votes on the poll, we are going to be on the press of 1100 days second on the day before Thanksgiving. Wow. Mighty impressive. And of course, if you believe in it, the only numbers that could be impressive are when the trends come out at 1130, then we'll see if we've got any audience left. We'll see if the morning, and I'm going to tell you, if the morning show doesn't make some significant progress from that disastrous point nine in September, we'll have a new morning show on Friday morning. I don't know what it'll be, I'm sure they don't need it. It'll be something else. Somebody talk to me. Yeah, I do. That's what I'm guessing. One, people talking to guests. People talking to guests, right? Fifteen minutes segments. So let's see, seven to ten is three hours is eight to nine twenty every Friday morning. That made me want to drop a huge pile right on the floor here. I mean, how is that possible? As some of it is some great philosopher, some radio mayven said to me not too long when your pants, supposedly high priced real talent, big money, you do these shows. They're supposed to be the experts, whether it's about sports, whether it's about coin collecting, newsmen, numans, matics, whatever it is about baseball cards, you name it. And so now on top of that, you got to pay and they be these wonder what are losing money? Oh my god. Whether missing all those meals, so whatever in Naples, 1100 votes, just 1100, we got 1100 even. How do you like that? Wow. When Neil talks for a rips religion, I love it, form to D.1, good for you. It's about time we found some people with a brain figured under their digit. It's interesting, 277. Yeah, sure is, it's pathetic is what it is. Not that I talk about it, but that it's going on. All these fairy tales, all these hobgoblin goofball silly ass people. See, if I only picked on one, like I only picked on like Catholics or born again Christians, then I'd be a bad guy. But it's all crap. It's just a question of which brand of crap you want to participate in, you know, or which you were born into most likely. It's like life is a lottery. And God decided that if you were lucky enough to be born in the family that believes in a right religion, then you're going to go to heaven, you know. But if you're unlucky enough to have the wrong lotto get your screwed baby, no matter what kind of life you live, you're going to burn in hell. And that makes sense? Right. It's the way I add more loving God. What? It'll be praying right there in the airports. When the OREP's religion is interesting 277. So between those two, you got like 60, almost 70%. I turn the radio off 227. I hate this pool 52, 4.7%. See the way that's edging up now just to piss me off. I'm the baby, 4 Thanksgiving. I don't care. I turned it off when the OREP's religion 42, 3.8%. They turn it off because they can't handle it. They can't stand to have somebody challenge their fairy tales, their bubble micees. And I hate it 21. Well that's not too bad. About 5.7%. I hate it to turn it off or go buy buy. I think we need to do a lot more religion bashing shows. Maybe on Friday in between those bits. We'll sit here and rip for a little bit. I think we'll play all the anti-religion bits. On a Friday. Would that be inappropriate on the day after Thanksgiving? Yeah. I mean, what's out of the pilgrims have to do? They were the ones that were like burning the witches in everything. What's also got to do with religion? They came to America to escape religious persecution. The first thing they started doing is persecuting people because of religion. There you go. I like that. I take your God and you shove it with a moonbone child. Maybe that's where God is hiding. We can't find him. Maybe he's deep inside somebody. Yeah. There you go. So what I would do is I'd stand in front of those big mirrors. I'd stand in front of it. I'd bend over. I would reach back and grab my cheeks. Spread them wide. And then look in there and see if God is in there. You think maybe that's where he's hiding? And somebody's like, maybe he's in everybody's butt. Do you think that's possibility? Well, he could have been confused because people say he's in your heart. Well, the virgin Mary, I mean, she's on the side of bank buildings. She's on underpasses in Chicago there. Like on waterstained overpass underpass. All the other stuff. On pieces and burritos. The immaculate. I don't want to say the Mexicans are a bunch of really silly Getskis before they sure are. I mean, if all the Catholic groups say, I guess it's all over Latin America, isn't it? Yeah. Miguel should know. Go. Not the Cubans, though, right? Ha. Caring signs with slower. Well, listen there to busy, you know, squeezing their grandchildren's privates. They don't have time to worry about that. Yeah. Yeah. They're too busy checking it out to see if it's who's been naughty and nice. Caring signs with slogans such as best inflied me a lever. Scores of mothers breast fed their babies at airports around the country yesterday. And a choice of support for our woman was ordered off a plane for nursing Rdada without covering it up. It's about raising consciousness about our cultures sexualization of the breast. Breast feet needs to be supported whenever and wherever the meaning of weight. What? Well, this is chopped off. Said Chelsea Clark 31, where we got a breast milk question mark t-shirt. A she nursed her nine week old son of the Burlington airport. All these militant bras just whipping their boobies out there. I tell you one thing, if they want an airlines want to get the, if you want to get them percentage of seats sold on the flights way up there. That's one way to do it. Fly so and so airline fly, you know, naked breast airlines. That'll be packed on air. About 25 women left turned out for the nurse in the airport, parking themselves near a ticket counter In a peaceful but not so quiet, demonstration held at airports in Boston, Vegas, Columbus, Ohio, National Tennessee Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Hartford, Connecticut, Alvercurecure, New Mexico, and someplace else that's a blocks out. Some of the women carried signs that red don't be lactose intolerant and breasts not just for selling cars anymore Which I have no idea what that means what what does that mean? Got off now on October 13th Emily Gillette 20. What we know that she was ordered to off the plane for Burlington because she was breastfeeding her daughter Wouldn't get off the damn plane the year line later discipline the idea on identifying employee Who was but lactivist and women's rights supporters were outraged and she let filed a complaint with a civil rights commission It was a basic human thing we were doing and should be able to do it in public without being kicked off planes said whatever her name was So there you go. They're getting militant and they're whipping their breasts out and guys are going like a ruckus like that Half like that there ain't any time 1112 votes on the pole. We got the numbers coming out in 20 minutes. What could possibly be not to like Open the internet Available in video stores now Honey moon video that Kate said wants you to see and Brittany does not want to sell oh my god Oh my god. Oh my god. She's not a person three since the best sex I've ever had and I'm a sex We used K-Y and hungry presser And the guy who's is the disgusting news is if anybody should care and by now We really shouldn't is that they're back together again You see that no I didn't see that. Oh, yeah, they're reconciling and they're back together again And he's like doing whatever and then also in the tabloids inside stories about how he beat the crap out of her and the beatings and the whippings and the black eyes etc. All of these all this all of these But why don't you just be care about those people to have any talent? Oh, no other than she used to look really really good used to I thought and he never of course did even at birth. He looked bad. I'm sure that slimy and nasty. Oh, brother He's got Yeh who written all over his posts Palm Beach, you post says West Palm Beach saw a new record low this morning is the temperature of 40 degrees With recorded a Palm Beach International Airport at 6 o'clock on this morning previous record low for today was 41 On the day before Thanksgiving a record low in Palm Beach. Is that something to be thankful for? Record lows also set her tight in Melbourne 38 Euro Beach 39 Hollywood had 46 might be beat 48 key West 55 When I woke up here this morning it was 30 But now we're going into some real warm weather don't ask me why we're going into a real warm spell In fact the 7 today that's 45 and like double digits like 50 next to a few days so there you go Write it down in a cash to know we can talk about on your show on them Friday Also forecast is said the warmest thing could get today would be the lowest high temperature on record the record in West Palm Beach for this date is 67 degrees Forecast put us on the path to at least high that maybe only like 65 So visit us to South Florida skip this next sentence the rest of you listen up while weather service specialist Bob E-Baud describes a concept lost on many of us you want to make you may want to think about dressing in layers like a sweater in a jacket Maybe a long sleeve shirt under that so it begins to warm up shed the layers. Oh geez But things should begin to warm up on Thanksgiving day continue warming through the weekend. Well, that's good. I'm happy for you Like people need to be told how to dress when it's like a little chilly outside We seem to me that you'd be in hog heaven with a weather like this. This is heavenly. I'm lucky you've got there I windows are open the whole time. See beautiful. I mean here at sunny it looks it looks about 70 I'm looking out the window. It's sunny and 70 Of course, it's not It's sunny and I'll tell you exactly what it is here in a second. It's sunny and what is it? Oh a 41 42 it's already getting toasty. How do you like that if it's 42 this early in the morning? We're gonna it's gonna be 100 by the end of the day. You'll see 21 past 11 at 560 WCM or in about 10 minutes Clarence you and your silly sports segments with i-Rah and what was okay? You want to say that so while it's game day I'm yelling skate day Yes college gay. Oh Well, that's pretty impressive. I know I'm sure too an end of Miss Dan. He also does You know it games on the SPM I think that thanks. I mean, and we tried to drum some common sense in their head But when you give the keys to a kingdom with a little sports nerd who goes to bed in a joxdrap every night Two weeks after winning the election as an independent due to losing Connecticut's democratic primary Joe Leaverman This will make your skin crawl he already does Joe Leaverman is hired a former spokesman for the Christian coalition as his new communication director according to Raj story The new high re also formerly served as a senior fellow at the Democratic Leadership Council It legislated the director for the conservative heritage foundation and a communication director to Senator John McCain 52 year old political putt and activist Marshall Whitman is very popular with Washington journalist because he often gives a good quote According to a Washington Post profile from earlier this year He's been a trotsky union organizer A lobbyist a government bureaucrat a think tank cojudator and a decenter John McCain and despite the fact that he's Jewish the official spokesman for the Christian coalition in other words another cell out like julieberman Birds of a feather dove in together Which raises a perplexing question why the hell would anybody listen to the political thoughts of a guy not go ahead and birds of a feather dove in together Which raises a perplexing question why the hell would anybody listen to the political thoughts of a guy not go ahead and not to get mixed up with movements Formed by both Leon Trotsky and Pat Robertson Women explained at the time he may possess an extra country in Jean Oppressive because in the left wing universe one must oppose everything the president supports women Morton February the truth is that a good part of the left believes the George W. Bush is a greater threat to America than Osama bin Laden I think he's got a good point there and so to the thing I think he's got a magnificent point if he asked me At least Osama's hiding in a cave somewhere Maybe we could get doubited like join up with him. I could move in together get a couple of bunk beds Because that's his special reason a doubty is bunk Kind of like Clarence in fact you ever see the two of them together same person But about 40 votes on the poll. What do you send me now? I feel I can smell a facts coming over some copy Interesting copy copy What is that? This is a piece of copy the copies the third sheet the first two are oh Oh, well, well, this is Gary Sarnar's crap again, okay Gary Sarnar who's main Back by his orifice there's a big sign in the online says copy eight me That's his speciality copy eight me Well, I don't know from copy although I do notice that there's a little circle you want each one of these pages So in other words he came in here and fed you this garbage all this stuff which I have no interest in reading Thousands and Zillions and on and I'll go just send the copy along okay my for business friend The third pages that that's the copy yeah the one that says 60 seconds Let me ask you something is the person that we heard to write copy to the Galala Convocation or they like taken off a 17 day Thanksgiving holiday weekend or something. I'd be like that This place I'll tell you one thing. I'm gonna be so thankful tomorrow that I don't have to be involved with this radio say that that's what I'm most thankful for I'm Thanksgiving that I won't have to be involved any no grief no tourists no may believe copy no be as no taking their way through life No shlocking their way along Speak in a shot by the way the numbers are coming up pretty 560 New GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings in only 29 95 Wenzu the tank What the 41 29 till noon at five 60 W to QM the trends for what month's there gonna be it's gonna be August September October Gonna be coming over any second now They excited I'd Kevin and Brittany and existence it goes without saying that the stories of Kevin attempting to sell such a video are Patently false and anyone who reports that they have information such a tendency either lying or reporting the live somebody else He said The company married in 2004 and spears 24 a childhood or status month however a federal line is counter so you can Custed their two children and according to what some crap I saw in the crawl last night They're uh reconciling they're they're either touching each other or getting their doing something They sure can's whatever 115 Tv votes end of pool. I've loaded up my fax machine man with like lots and I don't know why though cuz I only want them any team plus Is he in your yet? No, he's not of course not it's only 1132. You know, it's gonna be a little delayed You know why is that? What always is it's not like he walks in here at 1130 and it's three after already What can I read the marine doubt article in the meantime that'll kill some good time and then when the numbers start coming in We'll read them all we'll find out how magic is doing 68 year old Ricky Tiki shot Jimmy Hummel I score on Ricky Can you imagine years ago I almost 70 years old and he retips his cap back hey, tip it back Rick What does that thing stink? Marine doubts his loss in the desert Iraq now evokes that old jittos is that the election finished what Katrina started It dismantled the president's fake reality about Iraq causing opinions to come gushing forth from awkward as about where to go from here The bad news wormy aids of course are still babbling about total victory and Conno plan to completing the mission by raising the stakes and knocking off the moolo's and Tehran his tombstone will probably say here lies Dick Cheney still winning Even Henry Kissner is defected from the planet a gang wasn't Tehran His tombstone will probably say here lies Dick Cheney still winning Even Henry Kissner is defected from the planet a gang once he thought the war could work But now he thinks military victory is out of the question When he turns against the war you know the wars in trouble He also believes living quickly would risk a civil war so big it could destabilize the entamied least The debt squads even assess the times his time shanker about his curtailed roles of reducing sectarian violence and Restoring civil authority acknowledging we'll attain what we attain those. I don't know At a send a hearing last week general John Abbasate sounded like Goldilocks meets Guernica See I knew she would do it a certain two propositions about the word they're logically at war with each other He said we can't have you were tripped because Iraqis need this, but we can't have it more because we don't want the Iraqis to become dependent on us He contended an increasing number of our troops that make the Iraqi government mad But also asserted that decrease the number would intensify sectarian violence This is a poor menu of options says mooring the queen as Peter Biner wrote in the new Republic this week and a particularly cool twist the events are recent months Have demolished the best arguments both for staying and for leaving Noting in the same magazine that we're approaching a Sodom like magnitude for the murder of innocence Lay a Leon why self here worried that the same problem may be deeper than number of our troops It may be Iraq itself After we invaded Iraq, Iraq invaded itself. He said worth a mercy of Iraq where there's no mercy Kirk sample the times Baghdad correspondent he's presumably with a support of some leaders in Iraq's dysfunctional government Now with a police begging me, Americans not to make them patrol Baghdad's mean streets and showing her their sharp no wounds She just wants to get our unit homes to the Palestinians as if their lives are rack salvation James Baker will mostly try to suggest that the US talk to Iran in Syria Yesterday after the lesbianies industry minister Pierre Jamile and opponent of the Syria was assassinated in Beirut President Bush said he suspected that Iran in Syria were behind the murder Maybe Mr. Baker had better find plans C the Pentagon is trying to decide whether we should go big go long or go home Go figure says maybe Mr. Baker would better find plans C The Pentagon is trying to decide whether we should go big go long or go home Go figure says Marie I's going honey. She's always great go figure go stick it 116 if you both I think we'll have about 1200 by noon. That's pretty exciting and how those numbers coming don't have no Well, why not? We got to say our prayers five times today says what who to do that? How about a hundred times today? That'll make it 20 times better then you get like 60 versions. Instead of just three what it was supposed to be seven Seven birds but they're all gonna be wearing burqas and what when you take that burqa off What you see is probably gonna be they're gonna look like that chick that was in the casino and would buy me other night That Italian guys wife or girlfriend or whatever it helps you us. Oh my goodness sugar mama. Wow She was me as When Neo rips religion. I love it 510. It's almost half 40 feet. 0.7% of the audience love it They can't get enough of it It's interesting 293. That's another quarter 25% I turn the radio up way up 239. I blasted. I crank it. I roll the windows down I hate this pool 57 4.8% notice how that just keeps creeping and creeping a little more little more little more I bet you're most vote not a he hates it I turn it off 43 and I hated 23 so that's like down to 5.5% who hated or turn it up Maybe the people are really hated of all rated off because I'm taking the pool on 43 and I hated 23 so that's like down to 5.5% who hated or turn it up Maybe the people are really hated of all rated off because I'm taking the pool on that and they can't stand that Oh, he's doing anti religious talk on the day before Thanksgiving. What a heathen faggot. Yeah, and what's the point? Keep saying it. I've been saying it for years and I just can't do it Just don't care. You know, let's play that fucking hymns and I don't care come on you got it. I don't care Or don't you care. That's the name of the song no two here. Sorry Let's play a little bit of Ishkebibble too when the numbers come in. Have you got did clearance coming in with them? Yep, they have a smile on his poster like an ugly mean nasty. So early look Neither, but he just looked like the usual non-descript puts that he is Here we go the fucking hands on Columbia Records. I'd say I don't know 68 69 70 67 That's the sex. Oh, I guess that What was it Okay, that's enough Funny till noon thunderwood And then we got the panther people with seven o'clock panthers and the wulfill lightning at 7.35 with the world famous Education Attention men if you guys out there have got a her laws problem or maybe you're currently wearing some kind of a her system I'm actually opening yours up while get the wax out For more than 40 years Charles Alfieri has been designing her systems first everybody show business people politicians and most importantly every day Slippers just like you now people say they can always spot a her system. They know one when they see one But those are the bad ones how many good her systems go on notice because they look so natural that you don't know if it's not the real thing And that's Charles Alfieri his sisters since our complete natural design would just write him out of here in the proper recessions Run your hands through it and pretend you're running your hands through Brady Queens head It looks and feels just like you in some years for just an additional 500 bucks And the folks in Charles Alfieri studios are so confident that if you're not completely happy return to get your 99 bucks back That's enough for you can't refuse like I always tell you you've got nothing loose But that ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older Charles Alfieri in Fort Lauderdale for a no obligation appointment and Charlie a show you how much better He can make you look call 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 800 321 2413 You won't believe how much better and how much younger You're gonna love the biggest name so best talent to the business We your rock first for radio 560 you a and You You You You You You Now inside edition press reports say that in the two years of marriage K fed and Brittany Kevin Vertaline may have burned through a half for fortune some are saying that he spent upwards of a hundred million dollars Kevin no talking Oops I did it again Here's the numbers I don't have I don't know where you're facts and this stuff but it's nothing coming over here Well, you should have me a little bit. Well, what does that mean meaning I when I hit send the first time they would didn't go through so I had to do it again I Like I just got through saying before the break everything in that place man It's not firsthand it's not even second it's turd hand Wow that is really pathetic and in fact I was so Concerned that I just maybe jammed too much paper into my machine there and anticipating the numbers That maybe I like jammed it up all the way I didn't because it's it's sleeping it's sleeping So I put it out of the story that I don't even want just to make sure that everything was kosher and copusetic and it put it out just fine man No, it's what's he on this end everything is working percolate and red long Now when did you just reset it again like about the 85 minutes ago or what? I don't want to get hot two minutes ago. Well sure What should be getting stuff by now sleep sleep? There ain't nothing coming through on this end and we just got a piece of copy You will facts to me a little while ago 85 pages of it So we know that the facts is working just fine. Yes, we what's going on with your machine man I think you've got a bad machine there on it end Did it say sending yeah? That's what you said the first time it said it was sending no I didn't said the first time we had a problem Yes, what you may be sending but an incoming Nothing is happening on this end. There is nothing zero zippity do does zipo coming from down there nothing No pages front pages back pages bent over pages with Mark Foley. There ain't no pages here to like the the public is on He everybody who works in the business and everybody who owns a radio as usual They tune in right here. Oh, there's ratings coming out. You don't like they really care like Tom jica He's sitting there with a yep makes that little Yeah, just like that It's not beeping. It's sleeping and I'm gonna start freefen Oh, 81 votes on the pool. I beg your pardon. I guess we're having some issues over here. Oh, geez Here we go again air v time you turn around that's thinking place you got issues. Well, it's in memory I guess it's just saying that the the phone is busy or something the phone is busy Says phone is not available well guess what I just picked it up and it was the nice same What would be in the wrong of sure? Oh, you mean that phone yet don't worry it's scanned though a bunch of times You'll probably get it like eight times Once the phone isn't What's the line clear is up you'll have let me ask you something pick up is there is there a handset on that phone I figure what even looks like There is there's not no on that fact machine. There's no handset. Does it maybe you've done We're like reset that machine where you pull off the thing from the back. I can do that well do that While I read a couple more of very important stories here that are going to sit everybody on their ass Let's see if maybe we can get the numbers out by one thirty as that's not oh my god It's just never ever and then that place one more one more thing. I'm thankful for what you want to know your ten or three What do you got men you got the number yeah, man 18 plus Yeah, and four point five Woo pretty weak really bad. What was it in the last trend? 4.6 oh so it's about flat. Yes, we stayed at number five When that of course is uh one that's I guess it's 10 or not October I guess it's 10 rocktober crack and of course that's seven and 18 plus so 2554 We might still be okay even we're dropping off that big month from July with the 10 5 25 54 Men so that might be okay now what about the morning? That's what every inquiry minds are worrying about and I do mean worrying I'm gonna off that big month from July with the 10 5 25 54 men so that might be okay now what about the morning? That's what every inquiry minds are worrying about and I do mean worrying desperately frantically since some people have families to feed mornings 2.3 up from 1.7 wow we're doing it baby They had a really they had a 4.6 nice gone boys Do like that On a kidney boom morning show and it's those fantastic I think it's all that talk that's what does it in guilty coming in on Wednesday Uh-huh Any moisture that they're are you still are patchking around with a machine is he still did all I remember and I still got nothing. I'll try to send it again try try to be sending it again one more time I don't think it's gonna work and overall we went from a 2.7 to a 3.0 Oh, are we kicking some serious ass or what? 18 to 12 obvious September and October from a 2 7 to a 3 and what about afternoon? You might as well tell me that Yeah, I don't I'm looking that page one 3.2 up from a 2.4 oh My goodness so every day part went up again except us Yeah, you're you're blowing the big one man. We're in big trouble. You know something it's about time that the other day part started to pick it up What was it again 3 2 and we had what a 4 6 so we still love beat everybody else hands down your pants All that's not for a good though. What did you see we had a 4 6? Well, that's because that horrible August is still on there. Let's see a 4 5 actually oh 4 5 13 5 so that means we had a a 4 9 In the month of October. Let's see eight 4 5 actually oh 4 5 13 5 so that means we had a a 4 9 in the month of October not very good 4 9 Belie's then they hit a 4 6 the morning so we're consistent and now we can have like 4 something all day long I would be good Instead of us having to lift everybody up by their bootstraps and carry the load to have these Sexual contact with the child according to a statement from yesterday turning Paul Perez There's still nothing coming over here by the way He's gonna shoot it. Oh, we're trying it now if convicted may spaces a maximum of four years in prison He was released on a hundred thousand dollar bottom plate placed on home detention With electronic monitoring prosecutors said it wasn't immediately known if he had an attorney The girl was flying alone from Tampa to Detroit on June 20th Prosecutor said the flight had to stop over a Nashville Her grandparents contacted police at the Detroit airport the girl told police a man touched her inappropriately during the flight to Nashville Where the man disembark the girl identified maze from photos of passengers on the flight a telephone page to a Southwest Folks and Mosin immediately. We turn I mean you talk about stupid you know, miss Foley that one was stupid Putting that stuff right there online on the internet's putting it right in print for the whole world Nope sleeping doesn't say receiving page one or a stick in it where the wound on shine nothing Absolutely positively nothing happening from that end I Think you may have to use it different facts machine you think that might do it I think that's where we're going to I'll go do it please Just go find one steal one go downstairs to the credit union that used to be there and see if there's a facts machine in that building Go break into a bank use their facts machine Only one in four Americans believe President Bush is a better president than his father George Herbert Walker Bush in New Pole from CNN Is found and those one and four need you know not that the daddy was anything to write home about Six and ten said the elder Bush who served one term from 89 and 93 that a better job in office According to a poll conducted by opinion research corp prop presents at both were equally good or bad and 2% at no opinion The poll also found that 59% disafferable president Bush's handling of his job 38% approval The polls release come to accept to the election after the loss term of the House and the Senate Friday through Sunday this last weekend also found that both economy and the federal deficit three signature GOP issues Maybe that's why they voted for them to cut my make some sense But nevertheless I still got nothing coming by the way and I don't think I'm going to have anything coming Where it all to the go maybe that's why they voted for them to cut my make some sense But nevertheless I still got nothing coming by the way and I don't think I'm going to have anything coming Where it all that he go did he go like down to a public-down to street somewhere for tax machine trying from the bullpen? I'm getting bullshit. Not bullpen bullshit So that's a breath and there's a nice sigh of relief Have one thing to say to you, okay Let's see anything coming off my fast machine back here nothing Zipady do nothing this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q a On the capital train gendered lockab and Republicans of Florida had like the congratulatory Charlie Trice done being our first gay governor is not gay What do you mean not gay? Because he says he's not a man would without their cut in the can't hand you you know that guy On some pair of no-airs chap Well, because we dress this way doesn't give us license to judge other You're right, I know there's No, there's your program. That's right. How you should know business even if you have to lie about it and by the way You're looking lovely. Oh You like it really it's very Grandberry juice. I rubbed on my cheek very nice. Yeah, make sure look more like a woman. Yes, Mark More like a woman most beat-alotions. So about chonel right there's that admirer I was telling you about oh That guy Get this he drives Oh He wants to me is it the parking lot that could mean I would attend with $20. Yeah, let's go Which one it's the brown 83 gorilla with a crack windshield? Oh, yeah, wait It's my mouth look pretty looks fine. What do you say we could go up our heels and get on our knees? Okay, this mess is repayed for a bite panty full. Oh, not flavor that million there's movie can't buy 122560 WQM so looks like things are looking up for Kenny and both thank God for that in spite of those Incipits poor segments. Are you getting the numbers? Yes, I am okay Praise the Lord you think of I went out this is just from the bullpen. Yes, it is Which indicates again that as usual that thing is craft out in your room right there, but then then it gets always the way it is Let's see Monday through Sunday the entire week many teen plus boy Are we excited or what here a QM we're on the second page in men? But then against many teen plus that includes all of them and like I said even older than me even older than Rick Shaw, which is really old 2.7 in the last in the summer book and now a three point. Oh, you already said that from time for 18th to a time for 12 or time with a life You know a man who listen to WL by up to life. No, no Mornings now here's the big deal hot 105 is number one. Let's see who's who's on first? How 105 number one in overall in men? Radio Mombie so this is more your people Miguel. That's why he's all whipped up about his more sposings froze, baby Radio Mombie number two old the Julios CM QFM number three Radio on more number four anybody speaking to glazaki, you know Let's go back to the morning again hot 105 is number one moving there were number one last time But they're all we have to a 7.8 year. What's so hot about that thing? What are they playing? Well, they got that Tom Jooners. He's still on the morning the hardest working jock in the fly business He's got the hardest working fly I couldn't tell you either. WSDJ FM up to know and way up there had a 65 was number two in the summer book now to a 72 No speaking in glazaki in this latest month. That's what this is all about Radio Mombie number three with a six tree Paul and Ron slipped one notch from number three number four six out of a five seven Radio on more is number five and then let's see. I would be his flat. See this is not a news talkie a kind of month Radio Swave Columbia knows speaking glazaki either 3.5 and a several book down to a two five from 7 to 13 They took a drop and we wait a nice in row there from one seven from tide for 19th in the summer to a two three Number 15 I'm not not that being number 15. It's so great and of course your friends across the street the ones that Clarences all been out of shape about Let's see it wins era America of 14016 not good and The guys across the street. I think had a we're gonna listen Are they even on the list here? We're gonna hell is it? Oh? There they are right below us two two so we are guys. We beat out Joe rose two two two three to a two two It looks nice. I need to Joe How do you like that huh? Makes Joe Bell and Clarence looked like her couple of geniuses doesn't it? Huh? No now But the thing I'm thinking about you know the good news for this always thinking ahead like I am Is that when the entire fall book comes October November December they're gonna be dropping off those very weak August and they're really horrendous September You know what I'm saying? I'm saying they got a shot baby. They got a shot It's like Jimmy said we got a shot And haven't real number there in the morning. I'm mid days here. We got of course. We're gonna be dropping off that really bad August too In the next trend. Thank God for that Mid days CMQ FM is number one. No spaghetti in glaze up from a six one with six point four share Radio Mambio. This is also garbage From fourth up to number two with the five seven again. That's old Julio's baby all the Julio's with green teeth in between playing domino Is there less than the radio Mambi Fidel is dead more Tom Marto. Yeah. I OD is a flat 50 2 AM 460 or 455 fifth in the summer fifth in this thing all of our human up our life the listenership went down a little bit though 45 minutes not good You better start listening a lot more. I'm telling you that right now. We're in trouble Let's see anybody else have interest on here. You want to see those guys how about the scare America? Which can't pay the a payroll Husker America doing them in days Too one to a two point oh slight drop just like I was 10th of a point no no deal What about across the street one five up to a 1.7 I think they're starting to make some real serious inroads That's Sid Rosenberg seeing crants there in a midday or whoever they got on now that the juices gone Isn't the juice gone? Yes, yes, the juices gone and And in the afternoon is three to seven. Let me staple these babies together. I got my assembly line going here Of course, let's see this is the first trend of the fall books. It doesn't really mean all I much one month 3 to 7 radio on more continues to be number one and one up again big is number two big one oh five point nine hot low Radio mumbee from a two seven to a four two boy you talk about an old Julio Month that must be the only people they could find it. Maybe that's why we didn't do so great in October you think Those are the people that always get the books Not like this they had a 2.7 they were number 18 in the summer book radio mom be and in many 18 plus They're up to number five tied for fifth for the four point two anybody by that. It's really ridiculous Radio hitmo another no speaking place from a three seven up to a four two Somebody please picketing waste my god. We got no shot Now let's see where are we cue in from a two forward from 19 tied a 3.2 not that we got mad dog and a hoverback where they both belong Not that that's a great number you understand, but again, you know it includes a couple of really bad bad months bad Month settled drop off this time goes on Skirre Americany afternoon two four up to a two five what about Waxy in the afternoon one nine to a two two. Uh-oh They seem to like that two two. They got a two two in the morning and a two-two in the afternoon They just pass it around and look slowly on all of I wonder if Joel was a name gets to wear it fine Brick You'll need it to wear it certain times a day so that's basically it. We waited all this time went to all of that angst for that I'll get all these other pages you send me on like nighttime who'd out cares about nighttime? You're getting what that's it. I hope that's the end Not as more coming Jesus God talk about wasting my fast paper Chopping down all these maple trees so that you can fast me all this crap and if better not come over eight times I'll tell you that I hope I'm gonna be really peoed And you're sending me the weekend Saturday and Sunday, I don't want to see that You know, it cares about the freaking weekends on us. I know what you're worried about you're worried about that fishing show and about that Auto show That's your supervising. Isn't that what you're concerned about? That's right. Well jam both of them. Okay Tell Erica Brandon have a great life What do we got tonight? What's it now? What do we got on at night? This is you know, we had some Marlin baseball and we got little a panthers Which ought to bring us way down two one out of two seven see our tour de once we made the transition from the Marlins to the Panthers at night It's like not what I call really good In what I'm saying scorch scored you know like that. Okay There's still pages coming out of there. I'm not too happy about that. That's not more weekend crap is it? I don't know Oh, yeah, it is I mean wouldn't you think that the cross the street would have a big number on a weekend? I don't know what they got because I threw it away. It's on the floor I'm still looking at it on rabbit because the dolphins of course don't you think the dolphins are gonna put them away up there? Let me see They're not on that first page They're not on the second page on a weekend. Where the hell are they? They got the dolphins at the pink E.C. and dollars a year for that they're losing their ass on We got a one seven on a weekend from a one six must be that fishing show nice going Eric Let's see I'm looking for waxy seven. I either tick it and it says one point Oh to a one point two from 25th to a typhour 24th. That's what I call real progress Joel those dolphins Man, it's worth four five million bucks isn't it to go from 24th and I'm 25 all by yourself or whatever the hell they got They're doing it. Okay. Don't send me anything else So we went through all that for nothing. I at least it was actually sad it's killed about 40 minutes anyway And I'm exhausted. I feel like I just ran 20 miles 118 votes on our pool. Let's get back to the show show. We know what he cares about all these stupid numbers from Diaries from people in those big-a-ding-lays that is really so so sad so very sad When Neil Rips religion, I love it 529 43% plus out of 12 19 votes It's interesting 309 see I know what Miguel is thinking if you take the calls again You'd be back up to those nine and ten shares. Where do you know what I'm not gonna do it? Okay? Isn't that what you're thinking? No Yeah, that's what you're thinking nobody wants to listen to some old fat on ear reading all these stupid boring political stories and crap about the world's coming to win in and about political crap Is not what he's thinking Josh? Yes, he is well too bad. Absolutely your thinking too When Neil Rips religion, I love it 529. It's interesting 309 I turn the radio up to 50 see they're turning it up way up up in a way by the fifth dimension I bet you got that I hate this pool 64.9 percent every time I give the result of this that's up another 10 to a point Just to aggravate an agitate I turn it off 45 and I hate it 26 5.7 percent Who are deeply and bitterly offended and I'm delighted I'm accomplishing something anyway Because I grip in religion and you know, be crying all the murder and bloodshed going on in the world of the name of this god and that god and And Allah on all this other BS Speak at a BS you know an auto accidents or we need traumatic experience there's shock there's stress. There's sour It's something nobody wants to have happened, but what it does you have to have help answering all the questions that immediately go racing through your mind What do I do now do I need medical treatment when you need to turn it in my title the compensation? So many questions and very often not any answers You need to be sure you call the right number the first time we need help to get all the answers and that number is toll free one Triple eight crash 61. It's a free call. There is absolutely absolutely no obligation one eight eight It's your auto accident in hotline one triple eight Crank 61. It's toll free and there is absolutely positively no obligation So get all your questions eight eight eight crash 61 Okay You Good though they had a four six in the morning we had a four nine a midday in a four six and the afternoon I extrapolated it and that's a good consistent all the way through Do you think that's fine? Excellent all we're fine time we started to have a little bit of a you know cooperation here And if we get a lot more of those segments on there if we get our on like eight times a week Don't officially and the golf show a big important. I'll leave you in the dust Good it's about time I'm getting a little bit too old to carry everybody on my fat roll back like I said before I'm starting a little bit our theoretic from it This is a six story by the way did Josh leave now that we make you one of vomit on August 21st 2006 my whole world ended For those of you who don't know my beautiful wife Candace died just because he sold Robert Quiro's QUYR OZ Kiro's a Fresno California Marine who was called back from a mission and Iraq to be with a seriously ill wife Who died of complication during the birth of a couple's only son Roman Kiro sits in the Fresno County jail charged with a murder of the three-month-old infant bailers been set at a million dollars The infant was taken into custody by child predictive services and october after the doctor was treating him for a broken arm notified police Roman was returned to his father just three days later with the child abuse charges still in investigation The child then died of massive blood force trauma The couple also had a doiler a doiler a daughter Kylie 18 months old who appears to be on harm and our mains in child predictive services custody What what is that? He came home from Iraq To be with the seriously ill wife Who died of complication during the birth of her only son and then he killed it alleged And that's so the that's the name of that too So he hurt the baby and they gave it back to him. No, they did not give it back to the child if you were listening Isn't it a custody of child protective services you idiot you Julio you okay? You're just all whipped up because all them old Julio's got the diaries Good god. Now those people are gonna die or what never they're never gonna die It's almost impossible Kuggeness do radio Mambi papa papa papa pippippi like that some some excuse for them. Okay Get with the program okay and stop at the same old BS. It's gone on for a zillion years now Never gonna end the guys a strip had suffered massive human rights violations Louise Arbor I wonder if he's going to Al Arbor used to play for the least in the blackhawks Used to be the coach in Chicago Louise Arbor you and how commissioner for human rights travel to the town of Baton Nun where is really artillery killed 18 members of a single family two weeks ago is they slept in their house She said she would use a five-day trip to the region to call on Palestinian and Israeli leaders to stop for their violence The violence or not the authors of their own misfortune suffered the extend of what I see she be saying She met members of the Atonna family who survived the attack and who showed her photographs of their dead relatives Even as she traveled to the town Israeli troops are operating another area of Batonun tearing up fields for much militants launch crude rockets at Israel These really military set of fallen start Hillary was responsible for the showing of the Aton Whatever the name is family the incident came after a week long Israeli military operation in Batonun Which had self-love more than 50 Palestinians among the many militants dead and which was intended to stop rocket fire into Israel However, militants continued to fire their Kassam rockets into Israel mostly aimed at the town of Stairrode where a woman was killed last week She was the first person to die for make Kassam rocket attack in more than a year And it goes on they did this and they did that and it's the same old tired crap and it goes right back to our pull question Today the same old religious insanity man the herbs and the Jews and the Jews and the Arabs and the Farbus and over here And the Farbus and the cross on the other side and they just want to kill each other That's all they need each other like poison Kind of like me and clearance. Oh, nice job by the way clearance. Hello, a job Is need you want to heck of a job be fine to get a month? There you go Yeah, you see he'll be we're going around taking credit for this you see it's those great Interviews that we got that's what put us over the course they've had those same great interviews for how many months now for how many years I was been dragging this thing into the toilet for a long time now Thanks a lot, Ira you quizzing you squeaky voice goof all oh Speak on squeaky voice I have such a great article here. I may do the break early really It's not that long was the CIA involved in Bobby Kennedy's assassination of course that movie is coming out tomorrow Bobby you're gonna go see it No, no neither mine Was the CIA involved in Bobby Kennedy's assassination? Of course that movie is coming out tomorrow Bobby you're gonna go see it? No no, neither mine By Shane O'Sullivan again in the British news paper the guardian if you want to read the good stuff read the out of the country like the What's the other one just a bunch of prop in 2006 I haven't seen anything on TV I mean am I dreaming or is today the 41st anniversary this assassination of John Kennedy? That's what I mean that's what I say Was November 22nd 1963 so 43rd anniversary like I said Yeah, but 43 years than a significant number so I see so there's another incident. I've even mentioned it There's nobody in the media anywhere even mentioning it now wait seven more years wait till we get to 50 seven more years You talking to me about that Praise all my ass 12 30 at five 60 WCM. We got pretty Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two this afternoon got that panther game after the Humper Panthers in the Lightning tonight any interest That how about the go to a gamer case on June 5, 1968 Robert Kennedy, Winsick when 24 year old Palestinian Sirhan Sirhan Sirhan Sirhan Sirana's arrested as the lone assassin He carries the motive in a shirt pocket a clipping about feet in front of Kennedy, but the fatal bullet is fired from one inch behind And more bullet holes are found in the pantry then Sirhan's gun can hold suggesting a second gunman is involved Sirhan's notebook show a bizarre series of automatic writing Arrest being led into a dark place by a girl who wanted coffee and being choked by an angry mob The fence psychiatrist including he was in a transit at the time of the shooting and leading psychiatrist Suggest he may have been a hypnotically programmed assassin Three years ago I started writing a screenplay about the assassination of Robert Kennedy caught up on a strange tale of second guns and mentoring candidates as the million Rallis was a legendary figurine CIA covert operations according to close associate Tom Klein's If you're some Rallis walking down the street in the Latin American capital you knew a cool was about to happen When the subject of the Kennedy's came up in late night session with friends in 1973 Rallis launched into a tirade that finished I was in Dallas when we got the son of a bitch and I was in LA when we got the little bastard From this line grew my Odyssey into the spoke world of the sixies in the secrets behind the death of Bobby Kennedy Working from a Cuban photograph of Morales from 1959 I viewed news coverage of the assassination to see if I could spot them and the Cubans called El Gordo the fat one 15 minutes in there he was standing at the back of the ballroom in the moments between the end of Kennedy's speech and the shooting 30 minutes later But third man there he was again casually floating around the dark in ballroom while an associate with a pencil mustache to notes The source of early research on Morales was Bradley Ayres a retired US Army captain who had been seconded to J. M. wave the CIA's Miami-based 1963 to work closely with chief of operations Morales on training Cuban exiles to run sabotage raids on Castro I Tracked Ayres down to a small town of Wisconsin and emailed him stills a Morales and another guy found suspicious Amanda's picture nettering the ballroom from the direction of the pantry moments after the shooting Couching a small container to his body and being waived toward next at Biolatin the so-fi Ayres response was instant it was 95% sure that the first figure was Morales and equally sure that the other man was Gordon Campbell who worked alongside Morales a J. M. wave in 63 and was Ayres case office I shortly moved for the assassination of J. F. K I put my script aside food of the US to interview key witnesses for a documentary on the unfolding story In person Ayres positively identified Morales in Campbell and introduced me to David Rayburn a freelance operative who was part of the Bay of Pigs invasion force in 61 and was at the Ambassador Hotel at night He didn't know Morales and Campbell by a name but saw them talking to each other in lobby before the shooting and assumed they were Kennedy security people He also saw a Campbell around police station three or four times in the year before Robert Kennedy was shot This was the CIA had no domestic jurisdiction and Morales was stationed in the Lowison 68 with no secret service protection for presidential candidates in those days Kennedy was guarded by unarmed Olympic the Catholic champion Rayford Johnson and football tackler Rosie Greer no match for an expert assassination team Tralling through microfilmed a police investigation I found further photographs of Campbell with a third figure standing center stage in the Ambassador Hotel hours before the shooting He looked Greek and I suspect that he might be George John E. D's chief psychological warfare operations at J. M. wave Joe when E. D's was called out of retirement in 1978 to act as the CIA liaison of the House of the Committee on Assassinations Investing the death of JFK At Lopez now respected lawyer at Cornell University came in a close contact with Joanne this when he was a young law student working for the committee We visited him and show him the photographies 99 for sure it's Joe and E. D's When I tell him where it was taken he's not surprised if these guys decided you were bad they acted on these said We moved to Washington to meet Wayne Smith estate Department official for 25 years who numerallas well at the US Embassy in Nevada in 1959 and 60 when we show him the video in the ballroom his responses instant that's him that's Morales He remembers Morales at a cocktail party in Buenos Aires in 75 saying Kennedy got what was coming to him Is there a banana explanation for his presence for Kennedy security maybe Smith laughs Morales is the last person you want to protect Bobby Kennedy. He says he hated the candies blaming their lack of very support for the failed Pigs invasion in 61 We meet clients in a hotel room near CIA headquarters He doesn't want to go on camera and brings a friend which is a little unnerving Client remembers Dave finally the guy in the video looks like Morales, but it isn't him. He says the guy is fatter and Morales walk with more of a slouch and his tie down To me the guy in the video does walk with a slouch and his ties down Client says he knew Joe and he decent camp. Let's not them either But he found their members air is bringing snakes in a jam way of the scare the secretaries and seems to stir bits miss identification Morales He doesn't discourage our investigation and suggests others who might be able to help A seasoned journalist Carson said he would expect clients to blow smoke a native seems his on doesn't discourage our investigation and suggests others who might be able to help A seasoned journalist Carson said he would expect clients to blow smoke a native seems his on-est option As we leave LA I tell immigration officer that I'm doing a story on Bobby Kennedy She has seen the ads for the new Emily West of as movie about the assassination Bobby What do you think I mean to explain what they were doing there? Lopez believes the CIA should call in and if you everybody who knew them disclose whether they want a CIA Affiration and if not why they were there that night Today, meaning let's see a Monday Monday would have been rock Bobby Kennedy's 81st birthday the world is crying Afraid compassionate leader like him if dark forces were behind his elimination and needs to be investigated, which I would say But of course it won't be because it's always the convenience low in assassins Learby Oswald at sure hand sure hand at said of and so on is that correct? That's what they say 1260 Fibos on the pool when you'll rip's religion. I love it 549 it's interesting for you 17. I turned the radio up to 59 I hate this full 64. See now we're up to 46 and I hated 28 Well, I tell you one thing. It's a damn good thing man. I really saw the number there 46 I mean, I think that matches what we had back in whenever and that's been 18 plus Men 2554 see the young punks from mile 100 they came over and listened to a Kenny and you can just imagine if they were doing like a real morning Sure instead of they could probably do like sevens and eights You follow them are saying I do if we didn't have all those sports segments in there But then again that's just you know that's just the the George factor the anti sports factor and like both campuses Really anti sports crowd you just keep putting our honor baby and every now and then like what's his name there with the Herbysug Whitman long street Henry or once word long fellow whatever his name. That's him The long fellow I've tell you one thing if they keep telling stories about the kid in Michigan State being better than Brady Quinn I'm shutting the thing off the biggest name So I'm turning down my whole this is wheel rotters for radio 560 is You They go here to be really on dark state of the day. No, if you did, you know, he's a, and who you were to be watching. You were a great, a rock, kidding me. It's 1244 or 16 to 150, 60 W to Qm. We're going to start on Monday having a whole bunch of sports segments on man. You could do it. Turn this whole thing around. Because you'll notice that we're not like connecting anymore with the, maybe we are. Maybe we just got that audience and that's all we got. Let me start a book in some guests for you. Yeah, start book in some guests for Monday, okay? I'd like to have that stuff he'd already on. We can talk about the old days, two yards in the cloud of dust in Michigan State. And then we can have art shwarmon from the Michigan State basketball team from 1961. He used to look good back then. Of course, now he's a dot-ring old man. Then we can have Brady Quinn on for about an hour and a half. Either that or I think we're going to start taking a lot of calls right at as in right now. Everything is a good idea. I'm sure Miguel does. Well, not right now. Well, what do you mean we're not right now? Why not? Here's one right here. QAM. See? Well, not right now. Well, what do you mean we're not right now? Why not? Here's one right here. QAM. See? Oh, there's one. Oh, don't do that one. You know what I'm not doing that one. I already know what that one's going to be. Yes. Probably not 79 votes on the pool. I'll tell you one thing. If that's the barometer of how we're doing man, we are kicking some stuff. Well, let's do market for something like that. You like crap. What did you punch that up? I do it. No, you dropped it. Oh. See, this thing isn't connected. It's not hooked up. One moment please. I would be certain. Are you with me? I would be a certain. One more to holiday treat this is. Is it really so you can hear yourself on the radio? I wouldn't agree with that. No, just be able to speak to you and thank you again for all years. I will always appreciate you. Well, thank you so much. And I'm glad you're doing well up there. I don't know what the numbers are, but as far as I'm concerned, you're going to wipe your behind with it. In the English speaking community, you are the pulse of this down. Okay. I'm the pulse of that. That's why the community is on the verge. Get the oxygen out. Okay. I have a great thanksgiving, pal. I'll see you guys this thing. I don't know because I punched it up in the aerodin. Come on. There's like maybe delayed reaction or something. Maybe because I haven't used it so long. You know, you're not using it for a long time. You just kind of like, uh, stays there limp. You don't dust it. Yeah. You're a little mussy and old. WDQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Excellent. How's everything going over there? Great. Let me see it again. Excellent. Excromancy? Excromancy. Yeah. Excellent. How's everything going over there? Great. Let me see it again. Excellent. Excromancy. Yeah. Oh, a Samo crowd. Yeah. Samo crap is right. You had the word for it. Well, right there's a button. Now let me meet you over in Chase. He's nursing his injury. His bad knee. Or whatever he's got. Comment on any two votes on the pull on the day before Thanksgiving. I think we're doing this fine. You see the way that those phones were smoking there for a minute or two. Did you see mine? You know, the one guy kissed my ass. The other guy said something about crap. And then, uh, whatever the other one was. Yeah. That was great. Just stay away from line nine. I think we'll be good. Hey. Sure. After nine months of investigation in still no arrest, the parents of Martin Lee Anderson accused Governor Fadass Governor Jim Bush and the Tampa State Attorney's Office this week of covering up when months ago rather when he told him he would demand that the case was resolved before left office in January. He could have done more than what he's doing. A lot more said Jones, who's 14 year old son died January 6th after being punched, need and suffocated with ammonia capsules by guards. The incident was captured on video tape. He said, in Anderson's death, however, no one's been fired, no one's been transferred, no one's been arrested. She said, and she's got an excellent point. But then again, your fan asked Governor Bill Syr. He was too whipped about about Terry Anderson's. Because he was doing his fake religious graphs speaking of our poll today. His suit of religious garbage with his dysfunctional freaking family. But he still might be popular now, Guirandam T, a that if the law permitted him to run for another term, he would win hands down your pants. Am I right about that? You bet. Yes. 1295 votes. You understand that by 1300 military time, we're going to have 13 and revotes. We got 1295. On the day before Thanksgiving, something for us to be extra thankful for. And the audience can be really thankful that we took some calls today. And I thought it was rather painless to knew. Yeah. That's too bad. Oh, this place. It just amazes the hell out of me. These people. They could be run like a Chinese laundry and would it be the same thing? That's how much they have to do with radio. But nevertheless, those checks keep coming. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if there's a big fat went on Friday in the mail. Because Friday will be paid a sense of 25th is on Saturday. And since tomorrow is a holiday, you can be damn sure that our cracker counting staff in between. Yeah, that'd be good. I didn't say to whom I just said I better send out to money. Oh. You're saying it's not like 40 or 50. It's not even year. But every year since then, they've at least made some notice about it. You know? Now we're just supposed to forget. Somebody might notice that? Oh, no. We're busy worried about the bombing of Ashmanine and John. None of them is foolproof. But we're always better off when we build higher levels of security. Here it is. Charlie Wrangler and Tom Jefferson agree on a national service program. Tom Hartman put an entry on our MySpace page there. What is a little picture in a whole song to dance? Very nice. How do you like that Tom Hartman's listen to where Shar Shoe and heard me reading one of his articles on here and like, Come in and me highly. I thought maybe he'd be bitching me out. Nice. How do you like that Tom Hartman's listen to where Shar Shoe and heard me reading one of his articles on here and like, Come in and me highly. I thought maybe he'd be bitching me out. Why would you do that? We shouldn't have to mention that he's on here America. See, I don't, I don't know one of those people. It's all panicky about OG man cows on now. Big big stories and their domino games. And listen to the radio mom being all out of their swell. No speaking in English. Exactly. Whatever that crap is. So that's why when we get to 2554. Well, I'll tell you it's a good thing it's a WW. I'm going to find me a good machine this time. That's right. My premonition was I knew some heavy duty crap. 13 and revotes on the pole. It's not even one o'clock yet. It's 1256 for those who were keeping track. Well, isn't it nice that Kenny and both had that good month? Because I know you guys are really rooting for a very hard. Absolutely. Yes, I am rooting for them. I am too. Even though the audience is going to say, Oh, no, you're talking to keep saying that's a sport. Well, it is. They're doing, you know, they're doing just fine. I'm going to know, I'm going to butt out. At least they got a number in there. We're really good one, which is up from a one, two, eight, one, four, and oh, nine, a four, six in October. That is really rock solid. Good gone boys. I need all you guys. Do good. So what? I need to power. Cow, jigs, where are you? I'm just going to go on. Come on down. You're next contestant in the process. Oh, my god. I am so excited, I see. Well, no, this guy in this cop, I think he took it a whole few times. He's been there for a long, this fucking world of natives. And he's lucky. I mean, on every day. I always thought that Aussie. You know, he ain't no Bob Barker, but then again, thank God for the good bliepsing that bit though, you know? That's right. 1311 on the pool, man. We can get to 14 by a two o'clock. And then we'll feel like, then we'll have something to be thankful for and Thanksgiving Day. We get to 14, 100. When you feel like reading, we got a feather in our cramp. I like Aussie would say. Sure. I saw the tabloids, which I didn't buy them because I'm getting two cheap in my old age. I saw it. I don't read them. Huh? No more inquire for you. I'm going to, I'll get them. But the Bob Barker is, you know, well, whatever. When you get to be 110 like Bob, is, you know, we're getting ready for a long nap of the dirt variety. 103 at 5, 60, WC, and we don't forget Curtis from AdDogga2. We don't want him like overdue it. Now, our coder's officers were justified in returning five. Neighbors and relatives said it was a case of mistake and identity. But police said that woman identified as Katherine Johnston was the only resident in the house at the time and lived there for about 17 years. Assistant Chief Alan Dreyer said the officers had illegal warrant and knocked it out before they forced open the door. He said they were justified in shooting once they were fired upon. As the plane closed Atlanta police officers approached the house about 7pm Monday, workmen and our woman inside started shooting and shooting once they were fired upon. As the plane closed Atlanta police officers approached the house about 7pm Monday, workmen and our woman inside started shooting, striking each of them said officer Joe Cobb, a police spokesman, and again, no relation to Eddie Cobb. Or Jackie Cobb or Ty Cobb or Coronama. Joe Cobb especially. One was hit in the arm and other in the thine, a third in the shoulder. The officers were taken a hospital for treatment, all three conscious and alert. Sarah Dozier identified as a niece of the woman told W.A.G.A.T.V. and Atlanta there were never any drugs at the house. My aunt was in good health. I'm sure she panicked when they kicked down that door. There was no reason they had to go in there and shoot it down like a dog, she said. Who now wants to shoot a dog anyway? Why do people always use that expression? There are a lot of stupid expressions. They shot her like a dog. What does that mean? Or they treated her like a dog, you know? Maybe they're from China. Is that what it is? I don't know what the hell the deal is with like that. Because I think dogs ought to be treated pretty well. They're pretty good to us most of them. Except the really nasty mean ones like the one you got. What do you mean? Did you see you got a pit bull or something like that? Well, it's my brother's dog. I lived there. I have another dog now. I bought a little a pescent. You know what, what does that? Oh yeah, they're cute. What do dogs? Oh, not that, like 30 pounds. How much? About 30 men. Wow. Must be getting chubby just like you. Robert's here right to the shadow of Ho Chi Minh. I think money I'm going to like all calls. I'm going to do just the opposite in my could of been a story. How is that strike? Pile of calls? A pile. Well, no, actually what I'll do on Friday. Christopher, we got the all the way. Shouldn't tip my hand on this. Because we got the pull from our already up there and I'll set to go. And thanks whoever sent it in is a good one. Because the end word is a back again, you know? The end word is a back in the news again. But on Friday, we'll take a pull about the calls. I really never thought I would lift the audience influence when I and I probably still won't anyway. I'll do whatever they want to do. I'll sleep on it. I'll think about it. I'll charge a tape. Robert's here right to the shadow of Ho Chi Minh. President Bush has said many dumb things are defensive as a rack policy. Suddenly Vietnam war is a model, however, perhaps is most ludicrous yet. This past week, from the president sitting before a bust of the Victoria's Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam, seemingly unaware that the West lost its war with a communist-led country. Having long and vehemently denied parallels between the invasions of Vietnam and Iraq, he never less admitted now to sing one. Yes, Bush said one lesson is that we tend to want to be there that want there to be in the world, and the task in Iraq is just going to take a long period of time to for the ideology that is hopeful and that it's an ideology of freedom to overcome an ideology of hate. We'll succeed in less we quit, whatever it is that all means. Bush seems not to have noticed that we succeeded in Vietnam precisely because we did quit the military occupation of that nation, permitting an ideology of freedom to overcome a lot of hate. Bush's rhetoric is frighteningly reminiscent of Richard Nixon's escalation in expansion to Vietnam and then attempt to buy an honorable exit with the blood of millions of Southeast Asians and thousands of American soldiers. In the end, a decade of iter finally did not prevent an evil-many issue as departure from Saigon. Now, however, if yet now is at peace with its neighbors and poses no security threat to the US, many of the boat people have returned as investors and successive American presidents have made visits to the second-fascist growing economy in Asia. While Vietnam is still run by its Communist Party, eventually post-war leaders on both sides have accepted that peace is practical. The lesson of Vietnam is not to get to the Mese Nationalist Resolve. Hundreds of thousands of troops, massive defoliation of the countryside, feed fires on Saatheat to Mese allies, bombing the harbours, none of it worked. Yet never admitting that our blood-remilitary president's fueled the native nationalist militancy we supposedly sought to eradicate three US presidents, two of them Democrats, lied themselves into believing victory was around some mythical corner. While difficult for an veteran hawk to admit the victory for normalcy in Vietnam celebrated by Bush last week, came about not to spite the US with the robber because of it. Iraq and Vietnam are not the same country at both have long experience with imperial meddling and fiercely resisted. Bush has said Iraq is in many ways religious in nature and I don't see the parallels to Vietnam, but that's just another sign that he probably cut most of his history classes at Yale. He and apparently the mass media as well seem to have forgotten that the US tried to stoke a religious war in Vietnam by intervening to install a Roman Catholic exile in power in this primarily Buddhist country. The struggle to overthrow the West Publicated, no-din-yem, began with Buddhist monks imbladed themselves on the streets of Saigon. To be sure, they're followed a decade of constant talk about bringing democracy to the country we'd occupy. At least, Chalibi is still alive to complain as he did the New York Times this month that the Americans sold us out, and he don't have wooden teeth, by the way. But to find a collapse of our puppet regime in Vietnam did not produce the domino effect of other nations surrendering to communism, any more than US would draw from Iraq will inevitably lead to the spread of terrorism. This is why the wise who revoses in the Bush-Dynastic Circle that he bushes clean up cruel led by James Baker, are calling for involving Syria and Iran in the effort to stabilize Iraq. Iran is host to a summit with Iraq and other nations in the area, while on Monday Syria and Iraq resumed long broken diplomatic relations. The lesson of the Vietnam debacle is that yesterday's enemy is more likely to become today's food in the United States. Just like the Arabs in the Israelis, man, if they want to kill each other, Kassalhois, you don't have a great time. We'll send you a packet of slimy sandwich, kosher. Just like the Arabs in the Israelis, man, if they want to kill each other, Kassalhois, you don't have a great time. We'll send you a packet of slimy sandwich, kosher, on Rai, Halaul. 13 and 18 votes. How much are both of you? These guys are going to say the shock right now because what I said about the calls? I really am bad. We apologize. No, it's just that what are we going to do about it? You know, this thing keeps cutting out what I'm going to have to talk to engineering, Eric, we're called earlier, and said that there's a problem. Oh, really? We didn't tell me that. Must have slipped my mind. Yeah. 100 and 29 drop-outs. That means that like every other word, I think it sounds like sabotage on the beef before Thanksgiving. Wouldn't surprise me knowing that engineering department. Probably clear it, isn't it? He's probably got his finger in it. He's got one finger in the equipment and the other in his left. I'm sure that. Heck of a job there, Clarence, man, you are really doing it. I'm sure he's in there with your right now saying, don't listen to that old fact. He doesn't know anything about sports, Rai. What I have forgotten about sports, you could make an encyclopedia about it. If I remember, did I be really dangerous? See, to me sports is like fun. You know what's a diversion and there's a diversion. It's a diversion. You know, it's fun. Watch a ball game. I like my football on Sunday. I like my hockey every now and then. I would be surprised that we got hockey games on here right now. You know what? It's important. I'll tell you that he's going to be a Washington capitol fan. He's right there. If you're a Washington capital fan, good luck to you at saw. I would say if you're a Washington capital fan, look at you as a mental health. But there you go, little sports. In fact, maybe what we'll do instead of taking calls on Monday, we'll start doing a sports show. The biggest name, the best talent. This is wheel rotters for radio 560, if you A. I just pretty quit. I like to shave my legs, arms and buns. While listening to the Neil Rogers 1 to 2 hours. I'm very guess that ball got some natural at the sequel. I'm jumping in the taxi car by set driver, set real power. You look that mean. I want down to my arm and I'm really wish the weather is nice and sunny. I want into a liquor stall, but the guard there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, bemees, just non-tiendo. What does that mean? The butt is too English, I can't anymore. That corner deline. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, stick English melee. Are you in your back to the hour, alright? I came here for many years ago. I learned my ABC. I don't say much, grossly as I said pretty well. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're in America now. Stop making me sick. Put your butt as a big English, put my name on. Let's finish up key. Maybe that's our photo for you. Of course, more and more. We've got the Columbia Institution. We've got the Periguan station. We'll get the books and we'll have numbers. They get all the reason. Of course, they put us down. No chance. Especially them old domino playing Julios. Like Miguel's relatives. Yeah, they don't like you. Too bad. I had a cup of mind-dread. 118 at 5.60. I'm going to do whatever I feel like doing. In other words, when I come in on Monday morning, I'll do whatever I feel like. Whatever the mood strikes me. In other words, after 100 years of doing this in this market, I got something to prove. Do you follow what I'm saying? I follow. Good. Then screw them. Speaking of screw them, they lay this proposed site for a new Florida Marlins baseball park. Oh boy. He's drawn praise from some and skipped his and from others, but no pledges of new money to fund construction. Talk about a pipe re-man. Put in your pipe and smoke it. Put it in your bung and stick it in your tube or in your recto and smoke it. Like in that movie that we all saw that was so good. You know, I didn't realize it, but I actually recorded that. What? Hostel? Hostel? I recorded it because I never thought it was on real late. Well, now you can go. I think I would. I did watch parts of it again. See it was a. You're you're you're semi-bashing it, but you like. And it was okay. It had its moments. Did I say that or we'd read it and watch it or that it was a piece of crap? I just said it was like really blood and guts and you know, and it wasn't really well done. It wasn't well thought out. It could have been developed a lot more, but nevertheless. I'm sure George must have seen it. Wouldn't because it was a lot. Yeah. What do he think? I do believe he did not like it if I remember correctly. Really? Well, Mark that down on your wrist. Will discuss that with George on Monday and between phone calls. Some of the top officials are optimistic that a new downtown stadium site could play. In fact, we'll talk to a semi-quid, books and movie critics. I'm here. In fact, they're good. What's his name? The one that we like the first goes in Cisco. No, he or didn't die unfortunately. Some of the dates have officials are optimistic that a new downtown stadium site could plant the marlins in the heart of the city, but financing its construction means a major hurdle. Just north of the Stephen P. Clark Center, the nine acre segment we give baseball fans easy access to existing parking lots, commuter rail and eye 95. It's also just blocks from two other top entertainment destinations. The American Airlines Arena and the Carnival Center for Performing Parts. 134 dropouts on it. We apologize profusely. Anybody trying to listen online, it's a mess. Nothing we can do about it. Well, we got the engineering working out. Are they working on it? No. No. What did I tell you? We really think this could work. So county manager George Burgers, but even as details emerge yesterday, some county commissioner said the site is too small and they worry of moving a juvenile courthouse plan for the same spot. It's kind of like stew barons in the Panthers. He's too small. That's what the spokesman said. I thought I thought I'd put a cat. Moreover, no one involved in the deal including the team, the county and the city of Miami committed a chip and more money to close a fund and gap of $90 million or more. I think Joe find where we'll put up that money and then he can have the Marlin Broadcast. Now the good idea. It's premature for any of us to be talking about numbers, said Miami Mayor Manny Diaz. And if it's only a $90 million shortfall, many sun can put up the counterfeit mind to pay the bill. When you think, probably print that up in one day. The Marlin's lease is off and stadium runs through 2010, at which point the team wants to move to a new retractable roof stadium. And we want to have a million dollars in our backyard too in small bills, but that's not going to happen, is it? No. The club hasn't ruled our relocation, but it's not pursued, it's since talks with San Antonio and didn't may. They're going to San Antonio like I'm going to Copenhagen in about five minutes. They do have a lot of seven, 11 in Copenhagen though, but some real good pizza. And some real hot people working behind the counterbund. A team spokesman to kind of discuss the new site. We continue to look at all our options in South Florida. This is just one of them said P.J. Loyello. Senior Vice President for Communications in Broadcasting. For the Marlins. Is that Loyello or Loyello? Loyello. Do you know who that is? Yes. And what we got to do with him? That's right, we must have something to do with him because he's with the Marlins. And we carry the Marlins games on his station, much at our expense. And we lose our ass on him, and we're really pissed off about him. County Government has offered previously to spend 120 million for a new stadium, and the team was willing to spend about 210 million that was still far short. Way short of the estimated cost projected at 420 million earlier this year, and likely going up his construction construction cost increase. Me or D.A. as, however, hinted that his government may be willing to help an offer that many thought had died last year. He has said he always loved the idea of an urban site. Don't then everyone want to go downtown to see the Marlins? No. We've never left the table to spot what many have said the S.H.D.S.D. the S.H.D. is the major league baseball is always known that. Locally, there's hope to coast the state legislature, and providing some cash, previous efforts to fail, but Southland Indians are playing more powerful roles in tele-hassy next year. Other sites are still being discussed, including one year, I-75 in Hialia. Oh God, do we want to go to Hialia or go out? Oh, boy. And another just out there, the Miami Arena. No, oh, yeah. Probably right next to where the Camille sounds used to be. But, both however, require purchasing some privately held land which would drive up the cost of the overall project. At the new downtown site, all the land is government owned, mostly owned by the county, with a small piece held by the city. The city's got a small piece. In fact, if you ask me, the city of Miami is a piece. Both MetroMover and Metro Rail stop at the Clark Center, connecting these sites and neighborhoods from De La and Dahia, Lea. And Burgess said that the ball park would be served by numerous parking lots, restaurants and stores that otherwise empty out when the business day ends. It's an urban ball park which generally has been successful for major league baseball's perspective Burgess said. But it's smaller than Dolphin Stadium. County Commissioner Jose Martinez, Joe Martinez described as very, very tight, probably just like his- Back to him. Ask. I'm not sold on location. He said the site was exciting on the computer, but when I saw it in person, I was not excited. Go get him excited, Jose. I'll make y'all a try. Joe Martinez. Everybody in the day counted the name, Inz and Aziz. Is it in my right or what? Martinez, Beeth. And half of the people I'm Rodriguez, half of the people I'm proud of now. That's why nobody's speaking in place. The plan will also be quite closing your child care center, retention to the Clark Center, and closing a rerouting one or two roads. And it goes on, but a beat, but more pipe dreams, baby. Let us know when you got the, when the shovel is in the ground. Okay, I mean, you can get a shovel off for this stuff right now, but what they're shoveling is a little bit different story. Don't tell us no one restrict the first shovel full of dirt in there to start building this stadium. Are you holding your breath? No. We love them, Marlins. And of course there's no interest there either. You know, this is a community where we have a bunch of people trying disability to prove that. Hey, we're major league, baby. We got all four professional sports, major league, right? Okay, by the way, what's that? I'm a good person. Got the NBA chance. Yeah, they're really kicking ass. We got the hurricane. We got the hurricane. So we're going to lose their seventh game in the season mark against Boston College. We got that game right here on Thanksgiving Day on QM. I guess we better give this schedule for tomorrow. Since we're not going to be here. We got nobody working tomorrow. And that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that should be. I mean, I did, anybody should have to work on Thanksgiving? Yeah, that's what. One, I have to work tomorrow. You do, doing one. To be at the game. And working the hurricane game? Yeah, doing one. Giving up condolence cards. We're out there broadcasting live with the crying tell. Let's have some QM crying tells. So we can hear from some of them who we came for. Yeah. We lose no our game to bed. Huh. We got ESPN radio on five day the morning. In fact, we got an all night from two and a more until eight in the morning. And afterwards, we give up. Does that what that means? Yeah. We're waving the flag. Eight to ten tomorrow morning. It's Dolphins Monday, replay, which I have no idea what that is. How do we have a Monday replay? Who's on that? Dolphins Monday. So whatever was on Monday during a Kenny and Bo. Yeah, that's Kenny and Bo with Lamar Thomas and T-Bock. That's Dolphins Monday. Ten o'clock. We got the real free game, total 1230. Then 1230 to 330. We got the ESPN radio because obviously the game is on which we don't have. Then we got the real post game show with a big rock solid. Oh, after the game finally ends. Then we got hurricane game day at 430. Now we're really talking man. It gets really gamey. Yep. Live from the orange ball. Cains in the Boston College at 730 Marnight. Five and seven man as Larry Cocke coaches his last game and I use the word coaches very loosely with He Hurricanes and Hurricanes extra pointed 11 o'clock tomorrow. And then we go to the ESPN radio again overnight. Thank God for ESPN radio. The biggest name, the best challenge to the business. It shows a lot of good times with the 430 560. 1st. Box brought you the classiest TV show of the year. OJ Simpson. If I did it. Here's how it happened. So then I stabbed the over and over again while I screamed. Ah, fuck. If I can't have you, nobody can. I mean that's how I would have done it. Now, box follows up that triumph with another significant revealing portrait. Dick Cheney. If I did it. Here's how it happened. So much for Cheney. How would you do it? It was easy. I would pretend. You're going to love this. I would pretend. I was just shooting it clear. And then I would blow that lawyer's face right off. He owed me money. You know. Oh, sure. I meant. How did you start the war in Iraq? Oh. Well, I killed the president. I bet you can't finish what your daddy started. But are you? A mommy's boy? Well, by the way, you're some fake weapons of mass destruction evidence. I mean, that's how I would have done it. Dick Cheney. If I did it, here's how it happened. That's only on box. We'll run anything. 132 at 560WQM. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. We hope you don't overeat tomorrow and stay alive. Ah, you'll ever believe what I already played one of them. Wait till you hear this. This is very quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour. How do you like that? Okay. Oh, you got it? I'm standing. 1352VS. That shows you what a real Fag I am. In fact, I could have a root for Notre Dame. This makes me want to vomit. It's embarrassing. Do you believe me that it's embarrassing? No, I don't care. When Neo Rift's religion, I love it. 592-43.7% love it. And the religion too. It's interesting. 132. I don't even know what that means. It's interesting. Do you know what that means? I mean, I put it on there, but I don't know what it means. Yeah, that interesting point of view. No. I turn the radio up to 176. Just to know all my far-bizs and friends out there, all those getch keys, who are sitting there with their Bibles and rubbing their rosary beads, and their Mizzoses and their whatever. Their crucifixes is, I hate this pool 5% see when up another 10-to-point. Good thing we're not on till midnight. 68 said, I hate this pool today. I turn it off when Neo talks religion. When he rips it 50, and I hate it 34. I hate it. So that's like, oh, up to 6.1%. Too bad. Anybody else has to think some change in that tune, man, you are dreaming, you're living in a fantasy world. And of course, if you believe the religious crap, you're definitely already living in a fantasy world. Am I right about that? Yes. Yes. You're going to like this, sir. Maybe you won't pay attention to it any more than the other ones. But it's about my new hero. Maybe you don't like him, and I'm not talking about Brady Quinn. Senator Barack Obama. Why wouldn't I like him? I don't know if you like him. I think he's just fine. No. When Senator Barack Obama slipped in the Senator Robert Bird's capital office one day last year, he was seeking counsel from an elderhood been in the census before Obama was born. Senators these days, bird carcinying Illinois Democrat become fixated on the White House. I remember the advice Obama said mad or factly, and interview with the associate of press last week, the importance of Senator staying in the Senate. Obama's been in the Senate less than two years, now he's thinking you're running for prison. Presumptuous? In a country of 300 million people, he said, but laughter is a certain degree of audacity required for anybody to say, I'm the best person to leave this country. He's not saying that yet, but plenty of people want him to, and he probably will make up his mind in the next few weeks. It's hard to fathom Obama's media-recrisings and politics three years ago he was a little known, a black state senator with an interesting family history, and impressive academic credentials. Now, Paul show him as the top alternative to Senator Swellery Rodham Clinton in the early days for the Democratic presidential nomination. No matter that neither senators announce the intention to run, as if we don't know that she's running right. Two years ago, Obama gave the keynote address of the Democratic National Convention since then he's taken a high profile trip to Africa, campaigned vigorously for congressional candidates, published a second bestselling book, acknowledged that he's considering around for the White House. On Monday, Obama made a speech on a racket to counsel the foreign relations, a requisite stop for prominent politicians taking to showcase their foreign policy chops, Clinton spoke to the group last month. Both Xi and Obama have embraced phased withdrawal of US troops that's not the specific benchmark rather than a time. I don't know how you changed the course without sending a strong signal to the Iraqi government that we're not going to maintain a permanent presence in the midst of civil war he said in the interview. Obama 45 clearly benefits from his rapid rise. He's not burdened by a lengthy Senate voting record. This year's election made him a prize campaign draw, exposing him to crowds across the country, and wearing useful chips from candidates and states key to the presidential hunt. What's that? With a CH. Chits. As in your full of crap. Senator Dick Durban, the senior senator from Illinois, the number two Senate Democrat, Erdze Obama, the hit the hostings in Iowa, home to the first presidential caucuses. As a result of those visits, Durban said, I think more people in Iowa interested in his thought process about the future. Obama is consulting with some experienced political strategist among the Marsha Cogobased David Axelrod, a senior advisor to John Edwards, 2004 presidential campaign, David Ploof, a former aide to House Democratic leader Dick Kemphardt, and Steve Hilderbrand, who ran Vice President Elgors campaign in Iowa in 2000. Other potential Democratic candidates, however, are further along. Clinton's got millions left from our easy-relection campaign in New York this year. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts has also got millions in hand from his 2004 presidential race. Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack already has set up his campaign committee. Political operatives and fundraisers predict that a candidate who wants to be credible is a presidential hopeful must have at least 20 million in the bank by June Obama's approved fundraisers, massing nearly 15 million in his 2004 Senate race and more than 4 million for his political action committee. If he decides to run, he can put the money together, he can attract the town, Axelrod said. Barack Hussein is Minulay Mus Hussein. Uh-oh, you've done. Barack Hussein Obama Jr. is a son of a Canadian father, can you believe it? And a white mother. He offers himself as a cross-generational politician who wants to be on the fallout from the 60s and break the conventional left and right, liberal conservative pigeonholzer American politics. I wonder what Michael Loverchers would have to say to him. Both the 60s revolution in the subsequent backlash ended up locking us in with either or debate almost every issue he said. Either you were pro-military anti-military, you were pro-traditional family or somehow you were against traditional family. The American people living their lives have a much more complex view of these issues. Obama's from a new generation of black politicians, he's not a part of the civil rights movement like Jesse Jackson, but his identity is a black man as prominent. A photograph of Martin Luther King Jr. portrait of Supreme Court Justice, Thurgood Marshall images from the civil rights era, hang from his office walls, the hang from his office. The most conspicuous item in his office is the set of red boxing gloves uttered by Mohamed Ali set against the photo-backed drop of Ali tonning of fallen sonny Listen during the 1965 rematch. The office momento service Obama's personal touchstone to an era of profound change. The 60s he ignores were a transformative period in this country, the November 7 elections that shifted control of Congress and Democrats also helped him expand his areas of expertise and decidedly presidential elections. Already remember the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Veterans Affairs Committee, Obama asked foreign recipients on the Homeland Security and Criminal Affairs and the health education labor and pension committees, all of these things. Senator Richard Luggren, Indiana Republican, and current chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee has become something of a mentor to Obama. The senators have traveled to the former Soviet Union together and sponsored legislation on nonproliferation of conventional weapons and on fuel economy. Lugher also has a special insight having run for president himself in 1996 while still in the Senate. Lugher said, I found in my own experience if you want one to do well, you're probably better decide which one. If you want to do one well, Senator run for president. In the book Audacity of Hope Obama displays a candid self-awareness about the reality and limits of his political appeal, I'm new enough on the political national scene that I serve as a blank screen on which people are vastly different political streps predict their own views he wrote. Or as Democratic policy strategist Will Marshall of the Centers for Resonance to put it, voters want to know what Luggestar's presidential candidates steer by. That's something that a relative newcomer likes Obama has not yet had a chance to convey. Don't you want to know what Luggestar he operates by? Yeah. Sounds like a load to me. So that's the skinny there on Barack Obama. He's your next president by the one telling you that right now either him or Elliot Spitzer could be the dark horse. I don't know what you're saying. Who? As in Jew, Rams would you. So what do you think it'd be more difficult? A woman, a black or a Jewish president? It's a good question. Now that's a good poll question. I write that one down on your other arm. The biggest name, so best talent to the faces, Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, you A. And... You know, let me end both with blue rosin' house. Only on sport whole radio, 560, you if you... Yeah, on the phone none other than Drew Rosenhaus. Thanks for joining us, Drew. Yeah, I'm in love with those. I don't already know. Give us a little background on yourself. I am responsible for every famous sports pick you've ever known. Since the beginning of time, I discovered spot-a-kiss. Concertial page. They'd brood, morphed their own berry. That was me. I discovered Lanetana from Lincoln on down all the US presidents. That was me. I put Neil Armstrong on the moon. In fact, it was I who invented the very phone we're talking on. What have you done for us right here in South Florida? I got your Randall Terry for the Duffins. That was me. Randall Terry, here's his picture. Can we get a shot of that? There he is, Randall Terry. Yeah, we hit the big time. That's the situation. Drew Rosenhaus, gentlemen. Drew Rosenhaus right here on the phone in South Florida. Well, whatever you done. Well, how a David, that wasn't me. Drew, can you show us your boobs? My boobs. Yeah, let's see your boobs. I'm on the phone. That's okay. We gotta make this entertaining somehow. Sure. Here we are. These gentlemen on my moon. Nice. That's a nice and cool thing. You will only find on Drew Rosenhaus. Drew, are they real? That's genuine, autocole. Tell you what, Drew. How would you like a female companion? Well, it's no secret, I like girls. I'll introduce you to our program director. It's a guy. It's a guy. It's a physically young, but more girl than you know. That's the situation of girls. It's very soft arms. I'd rather rape them all. Thanks for joining us, Drew. We'll be back with more fake colors after these words from Glory Hold Paradise. Don't, don't, don't, don't. 14, go to, we got a real challenge here. I don't think we're going to get to our 14 or a vote by two o'clock. Oh, I'll be pushing it. Yeah, push this. 13, 70. That means we need 30 votes in 14 minutes. That's just a couple. I mean, we need 29 now. 13, 71. I'm that 84 Thanksgiving and you're pushing. Want me to push it? Let's test this audience. See, we got to test your ass, okay. You crazy or what? Test this on it. I think that they've done a young, a young men job today. A young man? I'm that 84 Thanksgiving, the old man. That's an old man. That's me. 13, 100, and 71. We're stuck on that. We need 29 votes in 13 minutes. That's like a little more than two a minute. I don't think we can do it. Not, not in the day before Thanksgiving. I think we've already, like, exhausted our supply. Maybe not. I mean, that would be a nice touch. Wouldn't that be a nice way to like go into the things we holiday tomorrow? Yes. I'll be able to show the things to us for working our brains out to try to like, provide a little entertainment information and amusement and amazement. Wouldn't that be something? But I don't think it's going to happen. So what we're going to do? I just think that it just makes me sick to my stomach. During any of you on Sunday, Senator John McCain said that homosexuality was not a defectorist sin. But emphasized that he didn't think the same safe mirror it should be legal. The possible 2008 GOP presidential contender due to the line as civil unions for gainless bins. But said that they thought they should have the right to win a legal agreement. Was that darn white of them? In fact, when I read this, I got the co-hones to go back to my desktop again and take a look at that. I thought, well, he said it's not a sin. You know what I mean? Yeah. I looked at it again. And again, 1374 we need 26 votes in 12 minutes. Oh, boy, this is going to be right out of the wire, baby. Really tense. Can you smell the excitement? That's what I'm farting. I don't believe gay marriage should be legal. McCain repeated, I do not believe gay marriage should be legal. He said it twice just to make sure if we missed it the first time. He said it once had to be each side of his mouth. But I do believe that people ought to be able to win or into contracts. Exchange powers of attorney, other ways that people have relationships can end into, see, powers of attorney that we go with that crap again. McCain also said that while he didn't believe we should discriminate against anyone in the workplace, he didn't think we need specific laws that would apply necessarily to people who are gay. McCain has been criticized by many for flip-flopping, and in fact, if we probably even were flip-flops, when you think it would code like him, that's what I've been told. In 1999, the moderate version of McCain said that overturning Roe v. Wade would be dangerous for women, and he wouldn't support it even the long-term. They liberal blood thing, proper snorkelling, which we read about yesterday. This morning on ABC yesterday morning, McCain aggressively, according to the United States, expressed his unequivalrous board for overturning Roe v. Wade. The NIA read that yesterday, I said this. Just in case they missed it in case they forgot. So it's one of those people that a lot of people get schmoozed into because he's not bush and he's not, you know, I think he's very moderate. You know, I'll tell you right now what he is for a crap John McCain. 1374 1380, well look at that, we just had a chunk come in. Can you smell it? I told you. We could not put in the can. We're going to do it. We had a chunk. 1380 won. We need 19 at 11 minutes. That's not even two a minute. I'm going to keep refreshing this and see, but you know, then it stops. And we have 134 dropouts for that stop too. We find out what that was all about. It was some kind of a glitch and it was really a bitch man. And those people try to listen online on the day before Thanksgiving, we've pissed them off. That's not a good idea. Okay. Now who? I see, I'm not technically that oriented to understand how that happens. Well, what happened of this newest episode is it number high told you that. 1384. Yes, I'm sure. The guy said that it sounded really great and we up the band with here. Right. Well, now we need to reduce the quality because it's so high that I guess people aren't reduced the quality. Yes. Otherwise it's going to continue like this. So Eric says. Well, what does that mean? I understand the thing you just said reduced the quality so that it isn't all screwed up. Right. Do you understand that, Miguel? I don't know what the only thing. Well, the band with this too high supposedly error. It's too high. It's like those pictures on my desktop. They're too hot. Too hot to handle. Oh, I'd give it a shot. More people could listen, but less quality. That would be nice. No. Well, for it to sound clear, they're going to need a lot more people to listen. Why? What are you talking about, man? These computer people they talk about, it'd be better, like in a different language. And it's in language that doesn't even exist. They're just talking cockas what they're doing. 1385. We have nine minutes for 15 votes. A few people would put you notice that 1387. What did I tell you? It's going to go right down to the wire, right up against the edge of your ass. 1387. And it has absolutely no significance of any kind other than it would just be a, and I do know that's still all day long. I've had this honor seeing an MSNBC. There hasn't been one blurb on there about today. We know if I've ever 22. The 43rd anniversary of this assassination of John Kennedy. I mean, you know, he was no George W. The biggest name, so best challenge for this is the Rogers Sports Radio 560. And it's day. Goodbye, and it's time. Do do do do do. I have five six. So WQA. 395 or 504. Four minutes to go. Can we do it? The pressure is on, maybe he is smelling. Right, though. And honor is much more as tough opponent for the fish. The fins. Squishy. Miami has the dolphins. And here we go again. Another losing season. That's never gone. And they never win. They never will. And I will never know. Why sports are a straighted pick them. Go win the Super Bowl. There the Miami Dolph. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans are the lead? Two. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The same old story. Nothing to do. That's a movie. The dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the fair. We started. I watched the Pittsburgh game. And did you see the wimpy way. Excalibin through that flag. Standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a bag. And there's a few fair. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans are the lead? Two. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. There are problems. Victor them like blue. Here. The dolphins. The dolphins. The football lo and then ten. 14. It's only five year luck. They pulled out of Victor. And then they played the text. It almost made me say. We done it. That's two-pid two-point passway. That's bumbling on sidekick. There's a baby dolphin. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans are the lead? Two. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. All in Dolmari. The beach. The shoe. The dolphins can't control the ball. They're running. The game is flat. As for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that. There always gone a blow-o-lead of that. You can be sure. And when they leave the field. So has the stench of common door. And there. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans are the lead? Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. If them another shot of blue-boop. Oh! No, no! But dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots. Another couple games watching the beach. It's some jets. I think they're all retarded. It's almost like their curse. Estrace and Taylor and Zectomus. Which team is the worst in they'll say. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. What the hell? 42. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Now they're through. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. No! Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins.