We're all upset man. A whole Muslim world is rattling their spirits. Well, I say is if you're all bent out of shape with that Danish newspaper, don't eat no Danish in a morning and so on. Right. And don't buy in that paper anymore. Right. Don't buy the newspaper anymore. It's a real shame. It's a real shame. Oners are maybe a Chinese junior who had been reincarnated as your attorney general. Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Gonzalez the torturer. Abu Ghara. Ray Nepposetic torture moda. And it's like a big mystery as to what he's going to say. Right. Like we know already. No. What a joke. Yeah. But at any rate, you know, this whole business is, you know, we're offended more pissed off. So let's bring some buildings down, you know. And immediately just coddles this whole view, you know, whether maybe they're terrified they're going to burn their building down. Who knows what that looks all about. Very sad. Almost as sad as Greg Co. Texas to hear. Wow. Yeah. Too bad that we messed up all your plans. Just like a testier said to Godfather. Remember that? Right. Messes up all my plans. They're supposed to cheat and win parents. Where come on? Right. Let me just put the audience's benefit. And this is the last time I'll talk about it because it was just for fun. That's what he said. He said when, however you want, you know, do whatever you want. Have a good time with it. Just for fun. It's just a little pull on a blog. And then he writes on Friday, Greg Co. Texas and the Miami, Harold and the even Mr. Whipple being verified by that newspaper. He writes, we're ignoring all future votes and stuff. Lord of Radio Words, declaring the pull ended and naming our random evidence blog champions. The headline on this little thing here, Radio Pull and Stank God. I think what he means is Stank. Yeah, we put you in a sleep. Okay, Greg, co-tex you idiot, you fool me, you shill. He says, W.M. Jim, this is the market's favorite sports radio voice. 790, the ticket stand La Basser is least favorite and Q.M. is favorite station to which we say to all those. Right. How will do you? The latter can't let. Now, see, this is a lie. The latter category was too close to call legit, which is an absolute lie because we know that a 123 on Tuesdays when Ellen downtown Brown started circulating this Daisy chain, Frantic email. Anyway, too close to call legit before being hijacked by Q.M. is the arraggers and his listeners, but that's okay. It's all good. Democracy ain't always pretty, but it forever beats the alternative. Then this line really amuses the hell out of me. The pull was supposed to be fun. Not turn all weird. Anyway, thanks to all the participants. I don't think it turned all weird at all. Just turned the way he didn't want it to turn. That's what it boils down to. It was a Greg that you're on to pay roll over there. You're got your head all the way of Ellen Brown's ass all the way to his neck. Well, why don't you stop to BS Greg? It just didn't turn out there. There was nothing weird about it. How come the other people couldn't hijack with all their listeners? Yeah. Well, they got all their listeners to vote for times. They only got 3,000 votes. Then they fed him to promising. Now, the fact of the matter is that the first time I talked about it on Tuesday, we pulled off to a big fat lead over them. That's why it should have been. You could stick their audience to the phone with everybody knows that. Then at 123 on Tuesday, obviously in the state of Frantic hysteria, because things weren't working out the way that he and Greg Co. takes had planned it. Here comes this email to everybody who's ever born. Everybody never walked into their building. Everybody that ever drove by their building on 441. Let's crush the QAM. And all of a sudden, here come all these phone. He votes. See, their phone he votes were fine. But the problem is that our phone he votes are were evil because that made us hijacked a pull and it isn't the way they wanted to turn out. You're kidding, nobody Greg Co. takes. It was a bad idea. But anyway, didn't turn all weird. We just kicked your ass. We spoiled all your fun. Just like Tessio. And of course, remember what happened at Tessio? I'll see him no more. Okay, Greg. What a jackass. It's just so typical of the hero like I said, you know, the whole newspaper over there is in bed with the other guys. And when everything they can, they'll do anything. Like Joel Fineberg said, I'll do anything in my power to kick their ass over there. So hurt those guys to wound them. Nobody said. I thought he said. Yeah. Well, you don't have food there already. Do you know I was? I started a little bit distracted. No, I'm just a right here. I thought maybe it was a super bowl last night. Maybe he lost some money on it. Yeah. No, Josh made a good point. That is, that game seemed. Oh, yeah, the officiating stuff. I'll see me out. Watch the whole second half. But the officiating always sucks. I mean, the papers could scream and hold, but then again, they gave away that game. Man, it's a Denver. And the same thing, what's the final last night they gave away the game too? And poor my comb from standing there looking fatter than ever on the sideline. I worked up into a sweat. You know, he's been eating his cheese. Oh my god. Talk about a sweating cheese head. He, I think he had like about 50,000 brought worse too many when he was in green. I think that put him over the edge. But anyway, he was like looking desperately on all those charts and finally to the end of the game, you'll call it. You, I, I just give up. You'll call it. I was like, that was the end of that. I did like that Randall L.T. So that was a great, you know, the man said, there was about to anything mad and got right is that we're going to run a trick later between the 40s. Well, man didn't get a lot right these days. Now he's a little longer than the two. And then of course, toward the end of the game, they're going out of a well. They got it. They got it. They got it. They got it. They got it. They got to get some points out of this. I don't, I don't know where the logic is. Now, because either way they were going to have to score a touchdown and they're all way down there inside the 30 yard line. I got to tell you, by that point, I was completely drunk and me and my friends were saying did he really just say that they should kill? Well, maybe he was going to put the next one. Maybe he and Al were both a little longer than probably here or the can. But then he writes, so then he is 27 seconds left and they don't try the field rule. And both of them adore that they have been saying that. They've been saying that for like about three minutes. And then they finally didn't try it and they're like, but it just ignored it. It was, you know, it was what you expect a very marginal game. And like you said, or we didn't at all, it didn't seem to have the flavor of the Super Bowl. It really did. I mean, it was just probably because Pittsburgh's Seattle, but it's two things that nobody gives a flying crap about. I thought the students were crushing them and it would have actually did molestim if it would have been for that bad pass by Rothel's Berger there. They're like inside the 10 yard line and he's got a guy wide open and said, just lobbing the ball over the defender and automatic easy six, what does he do if he was right in the defender's hands and sets up 14 10. Well, Lisa made a little or seven anyway. That was a nasty pass. You know, that was bad. And I came home from dinner. I went up dinner to watch the first half and I came home just in time and it was Mick Jagger on my screen. And you know what I thought to myself? What's that? I don't want to see him no more. You know, maybe on the only one. There, there are just some people and I like this tone just fine. There are a lot of great music. But that was like in the earlier lifetime. That was before most of our audience was even born, you know? I just don't want to see them no more. You know, what, what is enough? And I thought, ready with him. I kind of agree with you there. I have no problem with him. I like their music. I mean, what are we going to do? Haven't come out in a wheelchair someday? Here are the stones in a wheel with a bag. You know what, a colostomy bag? I just, I don't want to see them no more. You know, there's some people. You want to see no more? And there, there are some of them. And anyway, we have 2,000 and 50 votes on our polo with a weekend, probably say, who's stuck there, about the sports intensive question. How much of a sports nerd are you? And here's the result. Lot of liars, by the way. As I'm a fan, not a nerd. 670. Oh, right. We believe them. How am I going to say? No. Part of them. Some of them. About 10. I have some interest but not big time, 542. Yeah, that's my feeling. Yeah, I can take it or leave it. Men's a men's. I hate everybody. 187, which has nothing to do with the pool, but just a chance for you to vent the fact that you hate the whole world. And that's good. Because there are, don't, don't, don't. Some people like that. I have no interest 120. That was George's vote. Who did not watch one second of the game last night. Right. And by the way, like a point out, I didn't watch any to commercials. Every time I came to commercial break, I put the channel through a something else I want to see for a minute. Total nerd 99. Total sports nerd 99, which is only 4.8% of this vast audience. But we, I think we need like about 20. All taught, all sports, all stock stations in the market then. It'll bring it'll attract someone like flies to honey or bees is it, whatever it is. Flies to wish for a file. It'll bring millions of people to sports, right? I'm sure it will. It's like if we have 75 countries of stations and everybody will be a country music fan. That's right. I love to share with the guys 91. I only watched one sport 90. I hate this pool 83. I hate spectators for 70. Only for gambling purposes 49. I'm a jox niffer 25. And is there anything else other than sports 24? I'm sure clearance voted that. No, I take that back, even voted all because even even though that we have a pool. There you go. There you go. Oh, listen, I'm a little bit slow going to be a little over eight years. But I'm finally seeing what you said in the Friday was absolutely correct. They don't know that we do a pool. They don't know that great co-text did a pool in the newspaper. And I got all whipped up and I apologize to myself. Although it was a lot of fun and we accomplished a lot. We made them look like train monkey. I was kind of fun. Or it made me look like untrained monkeys. It was fun. Because the rest of the crowd, we don't want to. We don't want to. On this station, they'd like, you know, they've just always the old, the old Jew, the old Jew bag, as to carry their mom's back. And I've been doing it for a long time. So why should anything else be different? You know, I'll let him do whatever he wants. What's the kind of do it sports? I thought that's what that pool was all about. Was sports though, wouldn't it? And nothing to do with us. What? Yeah. But what's all the wine? No, you're right. There's Jose Jimaine is a herbabillusia's union. I said, Wilson. I said, Wilson. Yeah, you look just like Woodrow Wilson. I mean, that's who Bush reminds me of Woodrow Wilson and went wine-style Churchill. What a joke. That is your little redneck dumble. And then it's a little midget here. We don't have to, but I, uh, chill for the torture or crowd. You know, a boogar red for the joke. But they're holding these hearings, man. All the hearings all the time. That's what your government does best. They hold a lot of hearings, waste a lot of good time. That of course kills some good TV time on the 24-7 networks on the talking head networks, right? Absolutely. I mean, absolutely. Probably that's after 10 and 5-60. What's that line-up look like today? Well, let's see. We got Curtis and Curtis and Gildy and Gildy and I'm looking at the week and then Curtis. So, looks like we got three days of Curtis this week and two days of the Gildy Master. Curtis, two before, mad dog, four to seven. Just the Agler's seven and ten. Well, how do you like that sports, man? Jesse Agler gets three hours tonight. And he can't ten. I wonder what that's all about. Well, I know what it's all about. The panthers are on the road. They're at the capstone. I would try to be a gimmie but then the least game there was supposed to be a gimmie too and it wasn't a stumped join up. At any rate, it's a road game so it could be tough. So Jesse Agler's on we can't give Gildy because he's travel day. He can't ten. So he got a nice pristine line up. No games. And you can all rehash the asuper bowl and how they're fishating with so bad. And Seattle got screwed. And my hunger looks so fat. And Gildy, how are the end of the game was desperate because he couldn't find like to congratulate the himself on the victory and pat him on the back and give a kiss on the cheek and whatever you know. It was it was you're right. It just didn't have that flavor to it. You know, the longer we had the wrong aroma. That kind of put me in a coma. By the way, we will be playing Perry coma and rounded round the hundred times today. That inspired me for a pull I'm taking later this week. What's that? It goes five. I guess we are. Sorry, Perry. Run that goes round round round. The worst hit song of all time. Okay, we might have done that, but still. No, we did not. The worst hit song of all. Never. I guarantee I'll bet you I'll bet you error. Life on it. I think we did like what's on the hate or something like that. It doesn't something like that. Not the worst hit song of all time. But that's a fine idea. It's been a week on. I think we've done the most annoying song. Right. The most overplayed song. Like that. But the worst hit song. We could do that in 7,000 parts. You'll just hear the lists. Right. All the very manual songs will be on there. Anything by. Yeah, Perry coma, though, round and round. That's right in there. It's a contender. That's the one where he's barely breathing. Where he barely has a pulse. It's no one like you guys across the street. 10 14 at 5, 60, WQM. It's day out of my every child. 5, 60, WQM. From the makers of Voltback Mountain comes an epic tale of forbidden love on the other side of the valley. In rainbow reservation. Why you cry? Why you cry? I know. Oh, flaming front eye. I feel you and your friends more than friends. I feel you, baby. The house. Never. Rising long-horn, Ben Friendsants, boy who... Get how you look at me. Well, how he look at you. The proper feather. Purgent now. The TV death operation. And those long trip of a mountain. Excurious, the prairie like never before. As two Indian friends for rival tribes. The Jackagai and Lockedart Ries. Spend nights alone. In the wilderness. In a TV. Eliminated by the flickering campfire. And serrated by the sounds of nature. Oh, brown eye. Oh, good grief. I think milk could you move you predict rest. Read, raise. So if you're safe, who's your chief? Rainbow reservation. Hi, hi, hi, hi. Oh, oh. Coming soon to a theater near you. Ten-nineteen. That's actually kind of cute. How do you like that? Must be a mistake. Must be. Yeah. Anyway, here's the poll today that we got going. And I just made this one up. Just out of my head. Six hundred nine votes. Which of these best describes you? Average 170. Well, that's refreshing. Is it average? One of the mill? 170. I have no life. 112. I have no life. Touch, stud, 44. Yeah, right. Fats, lob, 38. Narodic 33. No one spared me to put Fats, lob on him. I'm able to lead you to call on Friday. I said she found it very amusing when, uh, Yeah, I say Fats, lob. So I put Fats, lob on there. I can relate. 38. Narodic 33. I'm a fat Jew 32. Computer nerd 29. Lazy third 24. Julio 22. Only 2.6% even a George and sister. Most of our audience, uh, Julio's in Juliette does. Not true. All pro-19. Yeah, you did. I said lots. Yeah, what do you think? Stuff up all the time. All pro-19. Redneck 17. Young punk 14. Racist 13. Closet case 10. Screaming Queen 9 is in. You're fairie. Wallflower 9. Chocolate 9. And hateful bitch 25. And hateful bitch doesn't have to be female, by the way. Like for example, Ricky Carlos have the front desk. When you say the fence, the definitive hateful bitch, the post child. The post your child. Anyway, that's our pool today. And click on it. What we're going to do a thousand votes on it again. Did they each are hard out downtown, Allen Brown and Greg Coatex. Oh, a poor Greg. He didn't expect to get all weird. Do you think there was anything weird about him? I didn't find anything weird at all. What was this man's talking about? What was weird is that they wanted to be a one-sided thing. We're only there allowed to try. Right. They could have just a propaganda. They could have had everybody look at this. We're kicking ass. Yeah, you're kicking ass. Angels, baby, you're on. My god, they must all have Roy's over there. Like bowling balls. By the way, Eric reports that we did take that poll April 26, 2004. Well, that's almost two years ago. The exact wording of it. What worst hit song? What is the worst hit song? Top 40 of all the way. Well, I can go back into, oh, that's good. Sorry, we got to get a list. And we'll add to it. Oh, thanks, Eric. Hi, Larry. In fact, he could really help you by telling you what number that poll is on. You know, how we have a number to our history. Number 1186 and 1187 apparently was a two-part. Oh, that could be like almost all week. 11. Oh, right. That's going to hurt. Totally. He's okay. You keep saying, oh, he's a hell. I don't know what's wrong with you guys. You and Jake. Always ripping him behind. He's a black. I don't know why. I don't know why he's running behind. Just jealous. That's all. That's jealous. All right. That's a nice story, it's up nice early this morning. I'd like to get him last night, but yeah. He'd like to get paid for doing something anyway. Well, that's right. You got him up last night. They maybe a little out of order there because he was like eight sheets to the wing last night. Well, that's what the Super Bulls all about. Then he got a paper, a plastered out. Speaking of a performance last night, CBS is their take on. And of course, it's easy for them because they we see to the game. So, CBS has got their classic take. It says they may not have flashed any body parts except for Mick Jagger's well-tone stomach. Oh, I don't have to see any of him, much less his well-tone stomach. He's 150 years old. But the Rolling Stones made ABC glad it imposed a five-second tape delay on the suitable half-time showed. Were you aware of this? I was not. They leaked them. Two sexually explicit lyrics were excised from the Rock Legends performance last night. The only song to avoid the editor was, can't get those satisfaction. A 41-year-old song about sexual frustration. Was that what it's all about? In start, we have ABC editor's silence one word, a reference to a woman's sexual sway over a dead man. The lyrics for a rough gesture include a synonym for rooster that the network also deemed worth cutting out. What could that have been? I don't know, pull it? Sounds like a cock and made me deal to me. It was the first time a network had imposed a five-second tape delay on the suitable. The sensitivity that no doubt reflects a lingering reaction. They're lingering with their finger and their fingering. Or can't say that. They're lingering with extra Janet Jackson's famous wardrobe malfunction two years ago. The Stones probably didn't mind either. It brought a little rock and roll danger to the ultimate safety. If they're lucky, it distracted attention from their mediocre show. Like I said, amen. They are old and staugy and ancient man. You gotta know what to hang it up like me. This is my last show to them out of here. Or, and where you go? People. Outside. By the way, the sun is shining right now. So little tiny bit of snow that we had overnight its melting. No snow. First have a big storm here this past weekend didn't happen. Kind of like, like the on-war word said, It walked on by or blew on by. It blew. Jagger with 62 is still force of nature's strutting and dancing across the stage. As I was a replica of their famed, wagging tongue logo. The vans performance felt ragged. They seemed just warming up during the opening. Start me up in a three-song set of fours no such luxury. The stone shows three tough rockers including the best song from their well-received region album of one of the most enduring hits. Here's one we could have done a Super Bowl one, Jagger, Riley, sitting producing satisfaction. It was their best-most energetic effort ending with Jagger blowing your kiss to the audience. But unlike you two's performance four years ago, to Super Bowl, their set was not an example of a band that it's peak rising and the majesty of the bed. Or you two, when's that gonna happen? I must have missed that. They're rising with their peak? Yeah. Some in Detroit called to city's rich musical history was snuck when the stone was selected. How come they didn't have the funk brothers there? Would that have been great? I'd have watched that. Even if the Super Bowl had more town theme half time shows twice in the past 25 years, this year's more time, trippy can't be for the game. Stevie Wonder was a center, precincting in Medley was hit with an help of John Legend, John Stone, and India, are we? I- I- What's that? What's what? What's India, are we? I read that's a R&B, I believe. R&B, yeah. You believe? I know. You think? Pretty sure. It was a typical monument to access where the stage more crowded than a train station at Russia was marred by microphones at a caseling malfunction at the junction. Brightly-clad dancers hosted in Congress, we went wondering if Portica was angry and geto tailed living for the city, and one port pretending to fight each other. Like I've seen from Batman. Most importantly, the Medley format did a disservice to the musicians they rushed to the songs as if at a fast food service line, without what's of mean was pregame hoopla, and they'd be given five minutes more to finish a few songs. The National Anthem offered a particularly odd partnership, Erin Neville, and Dr. John, they tribute to Hurricane Robert New Orleans, with the tread favorite Eurethra Franklin. Neville, saying half of the song in his feathery soft voice, then was never heard from again when Franklin blew the domes roof off. She'd barely insinuted a microphone. Ha ha ha! By the right, right. You know, you talk about Mike Holmgram's looking huge. Yeah. She-she-she was about your quote. Really? Your reath remains. And she's just bursting at the scene. She's the growing star. How bright. She's one with R-E-F-P, and how we feel that. It was Harry, had like the whole choir in the background. You thought you were at like a black church on some really. Well, that's-how about the choir in the back of where you have a watch standing in the shadows of the Morton yet? They got the choir in the back there. Yeah, but if you're very, very church-like, this... Nice and national anthem. Well, this is a weird, weird song. When you're in Detroit, you've got to pray a lot. Like you can home alive at night. These made it back alive after wandering to 12th Street in the middle of the night. And I finally talked him off the dollar. We look forward to it. I talked both of the sofa. But I was stuck or bet. You can't win. There's no upside, baby. No upside. There's the downside, but there ain't no upside. So I don't play that one when the slots come down here. Play whatever you want. Twice, so cute. You lose your ass. Twice, seven out of your 10, a QAM. Hey, guys. Valentine's Day is next Tuesday. The last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping. So here's what you want to do. Send a pajamagram. A pajamagram is the perfect way to support your wife or girlfriend. And give her what you really want. So receive the best pajama. It's delivered in a hat box. You'll love along with the lab at Lavender Sanctuary. A gift card. And a do not disturb sign all free. Send a pajamagram. Only takes a few minutes. But she'll think you spend a month planning it. They really clever even if you're not. Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GivePJs. Find all the top brands from company to sexy. Great bath and body gifts to all that's bust out that women just love. Plus the packaging is amazing soon. Have to wrap it in there. A pajamagram makes the perfect gift. And best of all they'll think of you every time she puts it on. Women want to be tampered and this is a gift you'll both love. Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed. So call 1-800-GivePJs or visit pajamagram.com right now. That's pajamagram.com or 1-800-GivePJs. Be sure to tell them ancient meal. To what you to call. This is meal rosers. This is 5.62. Paying the price. Do you get a lot of it? Oh! If you rosers are sports all radio, W-U-A-L. I like the football fish in sight for shower stores. Six times and I go street shingles and slander off the lawn. I've been told the motor. So I do a-L-A-L-A-L-A-L. But I must be small like tiny thinning all the way. But it's totally late. When they throw shower stars by the way. I let their gold in shower and sweat and sweat. And spray with a little shower. I let their gold in shower. I used to take a dump in it. Be sure I stop the stroke. I lift off my rear with a pair of roof-up gloves. I lift off my floor. I lift off my feet. So I lift off my feet. I lift off my feet. When I take my soap and fire. I lift off my chair. When they throw shower stars by the way. I let their gold in shower and sweat. I lift off my chair. Pentry 3, 27, 4, 11, and 5, 60, and nobody can see them. Superbowls are now at for all your sports nerds out there. What does sports talk about? I'm going to talk about between April 15 or whenever the NFL ran through. Anything? The Superbowl? No. Don't forget about... Yeah. How could you forget? Another is always that. And then we love the pants. There's a really bad hunt. What about that? I've got wild pride up there in Atlanta, 640 of the night. They wouldn't want losing couple. They're just nobody cares. Nobody cares. Trust me when I tell you. So I don't know what the dad will believe it to them. Like I said, we had a divorce last week from all of us to that stuff. So that's fine. I rate drive a lot of angry people out there. I told you the religion is too crazy, but they're not the only ones. I rate driver torture showroom. Gerald, George Jedis, apparently thought he got a raw deal on New Car. So we applied the Ford Escape. He didn't want to the glass showroom for gasoline on it. And set the North-Dade Metro Ford dealership on fire day police said yesterday. A little bit over the top, don't you think? People getting pissed off, setting buildings on fire. We don't like your car at two on. We don't like the deal. We got our car four. What a crazy people. He caused nearly a million dollars in damage. Scorking around a dozen cars, including a new airport GT heritage fire official said. George Jedis, 56, is supervised over the city of North Miami Beach. Walked away from the dealership Saturday afternoon as if nothing had happened. Police caught up with him a few months away from the dealership in 9,000 northwest 7th Avenue. He was arrested without incident. Police charged him in the first three are some a felony, and with felony criminal mischief, he posted a $500 bond yesterday. George Jedis could be reached for a comment. The management, the dealership manager, the client of the comment. The those who knew George Jedis were shocked and has appeared act of buyers rage. Oh buyers rage. Yeah. Ah, there's a new one for you. A little anger management. He'll be just fine. You know how will you pay for something you don't get it? Right. North Miami Beach Mayor Raymond F. Marin was stunned to hear George Jedis, who's duties include Managing the city's jewels livin performing arts theater could do such a thing. He's a nice guy. I didn't know him to be a malicious or anything, Maran said. He always been nice to me and the pit bulls he knows. It's unclear what George Jedis status will be city will be due to his arrest. The incident played out on a busy Saturday afternoon at the dealership. According to the police, George Jedis was fuming over the pricey ad paid. A new one goes for about 20 grand and it's unknown what pricey paid for a new beige for the Skip SUV. Oh, that's true. On Saturday, he went back to the dealership. It's unclear what he was told, but he was angered with the final agreement. He calmly got into the car, drove it through the windows, and he glass-shattering everywhere. He then doused gasoline or some flammable fluid on the escape and other cars in struck a match. To these crews, another customer witnessed the jaw dropping incident. She had brought her car to be serviced and said she was in line when she saw George Jedis Korean into the showroom. At first, I thought someone had pushed the accelerator instead of the brace pass, and she said that this dude drove through the showroom on purpose. He's creating a drive through a manner a lot of those in South Florida. All of the state, only his only 56. Through his described as seen as pure panic with people screaming, he's got a bomb. She said that once the man was in the showroom, she saw me chillin' the passenger side for something that heard loud boom. Flames were everywhere, she said the place was absolutely. By the way, man! But to her surprise, George Jedis wearing a bright orange shirt and khaki shorts was common, just stroll away. The fire just walked, he just walked on by. The fire spread all the way through the dealership and destroyed cars, computers and paperwork. A mine-acars damage is a rare baby blue 2006 4GT heritage, a limited edition model out of only 250, the made itself for 150 grand. Won't see that no mole. A similar by Jensen happened in 1994 when Stephanie Elaine hardened angered at Peppoy's mechanics, walked in that store sure on the 3388 North State Road 7, and poured gasoline on the floor and then in Blidomatch. He was arrested and charges of arson. For a lot of angry, that's virus rage, baby. I'm pissed off, I'm gonna burn a place down. Yeah, you're like that. And? Yeah. That's just a lead in to these crazy religious nuts and excuse me for the redundancy. Right. I mean, come on already. When you people in the media once again, oh, here we go again. The fear over the editorial cartoons. If you're a see there's the fear, then what he's talking about, Bush again, the fear. Without the mustache. In fact, I guarantee you if you check it out, we have closets, hit or without the mustache. Now let's see, what is this? QAM newsletter full of useful information. It's blank. Listen, you know, if you're a celebrity university, God's who probably the cow's synth is. QAM newsletter is blank. Well, I think that's our new motto. Now the less said the better. Isn't that the new motto? That's a good idea. Let's say the better. Speaking of less Paul, I'm very forward. Via con dios, remember that there's some written play for Mo. Via. And no, let's say, and the same for Gregory. By the way, via. Yeah, get lost. Which of these vices, grabs you, I'll say the story about the, the ragheads. It's just, you know, and then they're showing it again. What's reinforced with very high-roening buildings down and riding. And there's four people dead by the way. Just let you might want to know that. Yeah, four people in cartoon protests. And we're supposed to like take this seriously. Four people that had cartoon protests. So imagine if we do something to piss him off, they might like slide. Plains into a building or something like that. And there's thousands of innocent people, you know? There's this, this sucking up to religious nutcases, man. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it all my life, but late. You people in the media. I mean, there is no rationalizing. This is no different from any other kind of religious insanity. But nevertheless, media scare to death of anything having to do with religion. We don't want to offend anybody, right? Why not? Oh, because it, in fact, I saw this, what in a tour of cartoons is supposed to be. See if it's, if it's in Saudi Arabia, one of the Muslim countries with cartoons depicting all the Jews with big noses and blood on their hands. That's okay. That's not the least bit offensive. But if it anything to do with a Quran or God forbid with my hand, what about if it was my hand, it all e. Huh? Oh, that's okay. Oh, is it? What about if we take Kennedy, pick him mashed potatoes out of his ears like we just saw no drinking a little while ago? See that? Oh, he was picking buds out of his ears. I wish I could do that. Which of these best describes you were asking average 194 of what's our vote total? 679. We got a shot at 4 million today. average 194, I have no light, 129. I have no light. We've talked a lot, and we believe it. Hot, stud 47, likely story. Get you a mirror and check that again. Fat, slot 40. Break the mirrors and don't look again. Narodik 34, computer 34. I'm a fat Jew 32. Lazy tier 28, Julio 24. Old troll 20, Redneck 19. Young punk 16. Races 13, Wallflower 11. Chocolate, chocolate 11. Got to say it right. Chocolate chocolate. Yeah. Is that chocolate? You wear your chocolate every day. Closet case 10, streaming queen 10, and hateful bitch 7. Well, isn't that special? 20, before that one got some hateful bitches out there. In fact, Georgia. Yeah. No, I don't feel. You know some. Uh huh. Okay, guys, speak at a bad. Valentine's Day is next Tuesday. The last thing you want to do is spend you weekend at the mall. Wasting your time? Well, a weekend day. That next weekend. Here's three words for you. Vermont Teddy Bear. Co-one of their bear counselors at 1-800-829. Bear in the puppy choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend. They'll deliver right on Valentine's Day with free chocolate and a gift card their famous box. Ask about the love-bended bear, the love-bored bear, the mad about you bear, the new red hot red neck. For about the price of a dozen roses, which of course are wilted and dead in just a few hours, you'll be giving her something sure love forever. Vermont Teddy bears are the only bears handmade in American guaranteed for life and vestible. Should we think about you or we time she hugs her bear? Make this Valentine's Day the best whenever with a gift share, love it always remember call 1-829-Bear or shop online at VermontTediver.com today. Send a creative gift to the alternative to the flowers Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed by the way. Call 1-800-829-Bear, B-E-A-R, 1-800-829-Bear and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-A. Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Uh, okay, I'll be coming here a good day. Hey, what you believe to be having a fruit-spare, and you're a beauty, and I have to be a sailor camera. Our Beijing's way of having a farm many players. The great that is not featured on our Beijing's Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing. What's that? Who ever did? He must have made me proud for this side of the day. Yes, we're going to win this back. He's in his door to meet God, and he's made us so bad as you can play my good old thing. Action's on my good old, but we don't know the drinkers. We wish they'd like our full friend. And he's got me in charge of him. Right, right. I feel like my dream is my destiny. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. If you're a squishy, don't I have it. You've got a big piece of cake. It's a big piece of cake. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Right, right. Oh, yeah, we're very offended. We're going to like burn your building down. And we're not going to eat no more Danish. You know, one country I've always been really angry at is the beans. You know, Denmark. Okay. Why is that? I don't know. Just who many seven lemons not see sebepathas or something. I mean, I mean, all the innocuous people in the world, you know, and a lot of them look pretty good too, by the way. Pretty good restaurants there as well, but I have a lot of seven 11. And Denmark, you know, they pretty much mind the world business these days. And, you know, and the so they haven't opinion somebody wrote a cartoon They didn't like like our namesberry to bed. All you, uh, it's a, it's a, it's a nautical ragheads out there. I mean, it, it, it takes a anger management would be good before you blow to hold on world up crazy people. Yeah, yeah, remember each could be real, but these are just the Biblical part. Like that. Yeah. Good, golly. Just take a chilled pill man and calm down. They could have the class right there at the Madrasa. Just like that business at Gitmo when it were like all bed out of shape. They're flushing the corand on the toilet. Wait, you know what all these books says a good place for it. Yeah, probably plug up the, uh, latrine, but nevertheless, the Bible and the corran and the, uh, what's the Joseph Smith, the tablets, take two in college and the morning, whatever those things are, the book, the book of more, more on the right. Right. It's all crap. Get with it, okay. Jesus, come out of the dark ages and join the human race for Christ, say, good, golly and watch the Super Bowl. Anyway, speaking of before we get to that, Megorapur buster rhymes and he can do like bust a move. No. Buster rhymes narrowly escaped death early yesterday where you were this. I am now, you told me this morning. Well, you have a Josh ain't, I heard it as well. As his bling handler was killed in the hail of bullets after several routies were booted from a Brooklyn soundstage where the performer shooting his celebrity stood in video. Oh, man, his bling handler was killed. A lot of dead direct people, you know what? They get a bum rack. Their shooting started our shooting stops at K, a man who was part of the tech and crew for rhymes video version of the song, Touch it. In the kiss the cactus studio and green point kiss the cactus and then touch it or the other way around. Are you like that? A lot of bullets coming out of the bling handler. Oh, yeah. Not a good professional, you kid's out there if you want to be something good when you grow up, don't become a bling handler. So what's somebody touched with my bling, I'll shoot him. Oh, bang bang. Don't have a bling. Oh, look at this, a call coming in here. WQA and hello. And they're not there anymore. That's good. That's a kind of mood I'm in today of these, this whole business with a super bowl. It was just a cock, man. Big gold up. Restones there about 150 years old, you know. Old and crappy. Just get, get, go away already. We'd have played as just go away. How many $20 you think they made already? This you're not doing it for the money. No, what are they doing for it? For the halibut. Let's see, you need that anal to this poll that I can vote signed to somebody. Here, okay, let's add that anal. Got it? Got it. Okay, somebody authors anal. I wonder if they must be Greg Kotzach who's he must be off the anal. If he's all of them, oh, they, we didn't want it to get weird. It was just supposed to be for fun. Well, we had a tremendous amount of fun with it. How you like that, Greg? We had a lot of fun. And it's just the way it goes. You didn't have any fun because your buddy Alan Dowtown Brown and your other cohorts across the street. Oh, gee, Greg, that's not how it was supposed to come out. You promised us you'd make this look like the big heroes and we look like a bunch of mozo. Uh, well, it was us to bad, bunch of silly cry babies, man. Tell me, do you QAM hello? Oh, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I probably a little late, but I heard earlier you were, you were talking about wolfing's restaurant. Maybe I'm a little late, but uh, yeah, I was about a year ago as soon as we go ahead. Oh, man, it was great. A lot of good year food. I eat there all the time. Yeah. I'd buy the beach there. And the greatest, uh, pickled tomatoes. I wonder if I can do that. Now, these leave them out like the green alleys on the table so you can get in. Okay, well, that's the ancient. It's very boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom was at Pacific or what? Tom 5, 6th in the Verizon Sea. It was like we need a prayer on wolfies. Okay. And the pickles. How about the course? The cold slaw? Yeah. Yeah. The temperature is that used to tear off their aprons and run out of screaming. I can't even handle them anymore. This is a bunch of crazy people. And like, and throw the silverware down. That was a exciting part. I heard about the stupid, uh, dill pickles. Right. And the liver dip. Yeah, oh. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. And now. Yes, sir. Uh, this is not a funny to me that last night's civil full was just discussing all the way through. One was the last time you've seen a, um, half time show out before and by the free game show. the pre-game show. You know, it was just for... I didn't want to see the one of them so very pleased. I guess I made a great choice. Well, at the same time, it's kind of funny that, you know, just the commercials stunt, the game wasn't all that great and all that other good stuff. Yeah. I was basically bored. But I feel like we had many while I watched a second half, but I feel like the public had many hours in their life stolen away by hype. How I knew it was a letter. It was a movie game. Trust me. It was all about the whole Janet Jackson thing and they tried to make it as a bland and possible. I know that other good stuff. Now, one more thing. I got it, and I do listen to the Leopard Dark Show. Yeah. I'm one of them. But the thing is, it's a different type of sports show to me being done the fight entertaining and like you know. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm telling you, given back to 50 bucks, okay, because your call was definitely not worth it. Take, I would say... Not 30, 40, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, not interested. That was last week and this is now, okay. Although a bastard show, I, I, right. That's younger than him. He's younger than he thought he'd be. Yeah, younger than him. He's very entertaining. And how much more publicity can you give us? I won't do any good, okay, because once people hear it the first time, if they have an IQ larger than their thumbnail, they're gone. Anyway, let's see, here's a facts from somebody in Panama, Filly. Not me, Lou. Me luck. It says the word that describes me is not found anywhere today's poll. When you add the word gothic. Wow. I've also wondered how many other people like me listen to your show since we tend not to listen to radio at all. I've known listen to the radio since I was 15, safe from the radio ride to show I'm 35 now. Born in my man moved away from South Florida three years ago, but just to find another god-off authority destination for the most part of what Panama City would expect. For the most part, everybody where I live now are what George had on the nail religious uncrished in types. Those supporting pump as asses, it's such really bad here and that's why I'm moving to Springfield Mass now and hopefully soon. Thanks, Pally, and our love your show says, Me luck. Good luck to you. Put a gaffe gun over the Capitol, please. What's a may luck is that a guy at checks that went between? Let's get laid in the month and follows April. Well, good luck. May that's it. And in your case, I'm like five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty, and leave a rise in singular wireless. I'm going to introduce first of them, you're very entertaining cause. Let's reminisce about Puffer next next. Okay, it about those great pickles these days I want to say. What about the opportunity I've read with all the different answers. I asked it if I read with the poppy seeds. I'm poppy. WQAM Hello. The way I'm yeser. You're showing stuff, you know, the little float of it. Okay, and that's because you're on it. WQAM Hello. Pound that clam, everyone. Five, six, seven. Okay, let me get back to the crazy, uh, reggae. No, I mean, obviously, you know, the test of the waters are a little bit and it was, uh, it was polluted. They were polluted. You could smell it. You could feel it, little brown. If I keep in the waters out, it will be a chocolate to me. Four people have died as demonstrations against cartoons, saturizing me for having a profit in my hemadintensify. What a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, like that. It's a cartoon, baby. Well, we don't like it. Three people were killed when police in Afghanistan. Fired on protesters after police station came out of attack. In Somalia, a 14 year old boy was shot dead, and several others injured after protesters attacked the police. Demonstrations have also been taking place in India, Thailand, Indonesia, Iran and Gaza. They followed the tax and Danish embassy in Syria and Lebanon over the weekend. The cartoons were first published in a Danish newspaper. Mondays this would talk to be the first officials in Lebanon who are not confirmed by the demonstrator died yesterday after jumping from the third floor of the Danish embassy in Beirut to escape a fire. Hundreds of people took part in the morning demonstration of Afghanistan's Laghman province and a second day of protest in that city. I mean, thank God that everything else in the world is under control and everybody's doing well. If they got all this spare time to get all Benauta shape about some stupid ass cartoon, oh you can't make fun of me, I'm my hamad and you can't satirize the Korean here. Demonstrator shouted, DEF to Denmark and DEF to France in your pants and called for diplomats and soldiers from both countries to be kicked out of Afghanistan. What's about time to piss off at France? Both France and Denmark sent troops to Afghanistan as part of international efforts in the US-led so-called war on terror. They want to test our feelings, protest your mouly of dual car Abu Azara told the BBC. Boy, got about 17 different names. They want to know whether Muslims are extremists or not. DEF to send the newspapers to you. They want to know as if we need like, we need to test the waters on that, I don't think so. In the port city of Vosaso in the autonomous Somali region of Puttland, police shot dead one protest, even three more were injured. The government's Twitter's two stones in Burkese streets outside their national agency buildings, peaceful protests were held in several other Somali towns. Like I said, you don't want to eat day in the city, you want to buy products made in Denmark, have a great time, okay? This in 40 bucks will buy like a half a cup of coffee and be rude. That's it. But other than that, cut the crap already, will you please? All these gitskis. That's the problem with a world just like Alan Fittleson told me long time ago, that's the one problem with a world too many gitskis, man. That's a crazy gitskis and again we apologize sincerely for the redundancy. Crap. Well, my God, it's better near God than I'm going to get those seven virgins that have been in your God's full of crap and that lake of fire. Oh, geez. Wouldn't be nice if we could find like a plant where we'd get away, that new plant, if we just discovered, there's a place where you all go and get away from these crazy people. You mean the one on the other side of your right? Yeah. The one where they have no, this is a big sign there, they thought they'll get these allowed. Wouldn't that be wonderful, huh? I've heard of Stevenson coming up with two of the staff notice we continue with a revolving dough for mold. This is a kneel Roger. This is five 16, two, three, four. This is the kneel Roger cell. This is your brain. What? What? Any questions? Did you want to look like a woman? That's the dress like a woman. Did you want to look like a woman? That's the dress like a woman. That's the thing. I am burning out of my eye. So Steven is doing it. I'm staring at all the gills. So if I don't go to the house, I don't know what you make the past now. I think it's what I want to do for my son. I think it's not being a preference. I'm not going to look like a woman. That's the dress like a woman. That's the dress like a woman. That's the dress like a woman. Oh, I have an help for Saul. It's all going to be fine. That's a good place for him, by the way. Bowskrain, excellent. It's good and like a rubber glove. And of course, if it's full of a much mid, it will not fit. Two people lied over to the weekend that we might care about one of them anyway. If you want to see something really grow test, you must do it right now. Okay. Although I don't know where you'd find this. If you go on our website, what did we have that was it on Saturday yesterday? About how Lewis and Betty Perdane? I can Google it. Well, no, no, no. I don't want you to Google it. I want you to check the stories on our website and go back to the Betty Perdane one and see the picture. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Wow. Hmm. She'd look like a day over 400. Anyway, aluist-eye grandpa. Grandpa, monster. Frequent guest on the steering show, by the way. By the way, you picking that up for free, yet or what? Her aluist-eye cigar chopping, patriarchy, Patriarch of the monsters whose work is a basketball scout restaurant to a political candidate. Never took his role as grandpa from the TV sitcom. That year, after years of failing health, it was 95. Once the way the Toronto star city was 82, so it's 13 year mistake. Get it right, eh? Lewis with his wife has been sign-passed away Friday night. His wife had a wife, you know, and that was really shocking. Said Bernard White Program Director of WBAAFM with actor hosted a weekly radio program. White may be an announcement on the air during the Saturday slot where Lewis usually appeared. He won't be here today because he's dead. To say that, well, Mrs. Genius can't take risk engaging spirit as a profound understatement, why'd said, Lewis reporting to somewhat cheesy Dracula outfit became a pop culture icon telling the arrestable father and lot of French wins overbumbly. Herman Munster, I thought that was a John Kerry. On the 64-66 TV show, he was also one of the stars and other classic TV comedy, playing officer Leo Schnauser on car 54, where are you? A really, really bad show. Really, really bad. But Lewis' life-office small screen range far beyond his acting addicts. A former val player at Thomas Jefferson High School, he achieved notoriety as a basketball talent scout from a mid-a-to-the coaching great-slag jury turkey, and in-and-read our career. He operated as successful credit-sville address round grandpa's, where he was a regular president chatting with customers posing for pictures and signing autographs. Just a year short of his 90th birthday, a ponytail Lewis ran as the green party candidate against incumbent Governor George Pataki. Lewis campaigned against the racconian drug laws in the death penalty, by going to court in a losing battle to have his name appear on the ballvis, Grandpa Al Lewis. He didn't win, of course, but did manage to collect more than 50-2000 votes. Lewis was born Alexander Meister. Okay. Ready for that? Why not? He was a grandpa, myster. So I'm on the story. What was this supposed to look at? Ready for it, Anne? The picture. Go back to the link. And hopefully the, the place where I got it from is one of the ones where I had the a picture of her? No, I got a picture of her. Ah, Jesus, K Christ. I've seen it in.com. Oh, man. Yeah, I don't want to spoil your lunch. John the baker's bringing you a goodies later. I don't want to spoil your appetite. I have seldom in my life seen anything like that. I don't even know what it is. Lewis is born Alexander Meister in Upset, New York before his family moved to Brooklyn, where the six-month team began a lifelong new love affair with basketball. He later became a volunteer on circus performer, but his career didn't take off until TV to the same. Lewis's office is a shinouzer. Played opposite Fred Gwyn's office, or Mary of Francis Moldoon, in car 54, where are you? A comedy by the Bronx police, pretty safe it aired from 6 to 63. A year later, the dual appeared in the monsters taken up residence at the fictional 1313 mockingbird Lane. And but it's as Lewis rarely slowed down, opening his restaurant hosting is WBA radio program. At one point during the 90s, he was a frequent guest in Howard Stern radio show. Once said in the shock jacked out for the delayed button, by letting it leading in under-avv have seen Chan against the FCC. I like that. Now this is a Betty for Dan F.R.I.E.D.A.N. that I'm sorry. Oh my, it's a man, baby. Yeah, exactly. Every picture of her on the internet. In fact, Al Lewis was a lot of love and they're looking and she was. So again, well, probably. And she was a lot more mature than Al too, I believe. He also popped up in Evermobies. They shoot horses don't they marry to the mob? In 2003, he was hospitalized for an annual class. The complications during surgery led to emergency bypass, and the amputation is right to lead to the blood flow, and all the toes on his left foot. Oh, geez. He spent the next month in a coma. Kind of like Perry coma. A year later, his back offering his recollections of a similar pump and of the DVD Ramones Raw. He survived by his wife. He served the poor grandchildren. And it goes around. And Perry's dead still dead by the way, and who would know the difference. And also over the weekend, by a feminist author, Betty for Dan 85, who finally we found out was a man. The order show is a feminist. Betty for Dan, whose manifesto the feminine mystique became a best lover of the 60s and the late groundwork for the modern feminist movement. That Saturday she on her birthday, she was 85. See that my mother died on his birthday on its birthday and Betty for Dan on its birthday. She was 85. She died at the home as home of a congestive heart failure. Her assertion in her 1960s, but so did the having a husband and babies was not everything. And that women should aspire to a separate identity as individuals. How the unusual of not revolutionary, just after the baby and subverkant boomers of the Eisenhower era, I like hike. The feminine mystique she said was a funny bullet good society told a woman that left him unfulfilled suffering from the problem that's known that the problem that has no name. And seeking a solution in tranquilizers and psychoanialization. A woman's got to be able to say an art field, really, who am I and what do I want to do out of life? Who am I like Admiral Stachtil? She wasn't feel selfish and neurotic if she was goals of her own. Outside of her husband and children, she said, that photo changed women's lives. In racial, political, and sexual conflicts of the 60s and 70s, for that was one of the most commanding voices and recognizable presence in the women's movement. I'm looking at picture, I have a movement of my own, a big gigantic one. Wow. Take a few could that. Wow. That was a nozer of shark fin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Did we had got the gun air for our, we did got the front? And he he voted. Very good. Nice one may, may Luke, whatever your name was. 754 vote on there. We're going to make a thousand of they during the show. Each are hard out there, little bastard. Just amazing. But talk about ego. How many of those set up calls we get from over there? Well, he's very entertaining. And he's younger when he ever done that old troll from Ohio, you guys got it. Yeah, right. You mama. Poverty QA and hello. Hi. Good morning, sir. Hi. I'm moving warning for you. I don't even think about sending great, great money to go see the family stone. Okay. Nothing. It is awful. Really? It's, we asked, with Diane Keaton, if you like to see her mastectomy scar, then you might want to see it. What's it all about? It's about a family dysfunctional family and changing partners. The two kids, a common woman, eventually changed the ampsa. It's the most, if a dumb thing. And Sarah Cheska-Borkers, it is too much. Oh, that's all I need to know. So how big is that scar? It's not worth it, man. Yeah, about 10,000. It's bad. I've just wanted to warn you about that. Thanks for saving us some money, pal. Thank you. Don't go see it folks. Okay. So, okay. So, maybe we might go out and pick up that video. What's the movie of facing the crowd? Is that it? I go out and I saved the thing that the guy facts over the weekend. The one that's supposed to be like the precursor to network. Okay. Four-runner, the five-runner, right at down. Yeah, a face in the crowd. And I never went out and got it. I didn't go out and get Shinlers list. I'm not going to watch Shinlers list. It's a June movie. All right. Face the crowd. Don't you remember I read you the review, I said it went so long ago. Yeah, yeah. Oh. It says, just like Tim Robbins snied, suited documentary Bob Roberts. Both these pictures have almost as much content for the lemmings in the audience. It's with the manipulative monsters who heard them over the club. But that's guy like that. Because you know how much content we have for the nerds in the audience. How many QAN hello? Yeah, sir. I want to know if anybody else has pissed off of the way they hype up these stupid, Super Bowl commercials. They're no different than any other commercial. Yeah, I don't want to hear. I don't want to hear. I don't want to hear. Their dumbest can be. Yeah. And then they paid $2.5 million to the sponsors. So they're airy, stupid things. Because they hype the people up and they believe in they're going to be watching or in the, it's all a bunch of bull crap. And it's all a bunch of ammo anyway, baby. It's all a lot of stuff. You know, I'm pretty good. I don't know what I would drive like a Mac truck through some of the. I'm fine. I'll find the first school bus in the rear end. No, they take it. All right. Have a good time. Yeah. How would this anger management stuff? And we're getting pissed off. We're going to start to, you know, see a cartoony. They'll like go shoot somebody. Bring a building down. And here are radio show that's boring. You know, go take a big dump in the middle of the street. People are getting really frustrated. Angry. You have a set with the administration. You're upset about their metap in your phone and opening your mail. And we're trying out what bus you're reading and buying and stuff like that. Go pee on there alone there in a White House. Yeah. That's right. That's the picture. God. People are really, and rightfully so because that's what it's all about now is. It's selling the public. A big bullet goods for a pile of. That's it. That's what the world's all about now. Just like this. A raghead business to have it. Oh, the day to show there. Just respect and I, well, you know, something too freaking bad. Get a sense of humor. Lighten up a little bit of a couple of shades anyway. And can cut the crap already. Any excuse to these people can find their right away. Oh, they're riding the burning people down. Because it's pathetic. And every time they do stuff like this, every time it's another bunch of. They all it does is reinforce the image that we're getting. People who have absolutely no respect for human life. Or just crazed crazed and ensamed with his religious crap. And any time I see people getting down on the floor on a carpet and sticking their ass up in the air. It looks awfully to me. I don't know. And rock and back and forth. And they're dobbling in the orthodox Jews. Give it to wall would have big hats and all the schmothas on. It's the middle of July. It's 140 degrees in the desert. And then they gave over there. And they're dobbling and bubble. I thought there. There. Schmack and their schmothas on a wall there. Oh, God. They don't leave the Catholic out with the whips and chains. Oh, that goes with that same. And I know the accutraments to go along with us, right? Blood baby. Oh, man. The body of Christ. Oh, give me. I get out of here. Yeah, you ought to see it now. You already did see that movie. Which one was it with? No, you that's in sleepers. You haven't once said again. Well, it's not sleepers. I haven't watched it again. No, no, I understand. But I'm just saying the deniers in their plays the priest who lies in the witness stand. They get all his buddies off. And they come to church and he's sticking the way for it. Was it Brad Pitt? I forget he was sticking something Brad that's. Yeah, the body of Christ. You know, and like, oh, yeah, the body of Christ, my ass, where there's a will. There's a way out there. They're making on poor Jesus again. If somebody we know would say, okay. The blood of Christ, the body of Christ, the body of Christ. Oh, stop already. When you people stop it. Those ones are way when you've been manipulated. You've been brainwashed and you've been like through all these, oh, my God. All these rituals. Well, these idiotic, Satanic rituals. You've got to get to have something. But devil's got to be in their pantalooies. Man, it's got to be. Nobody's seen. Nobody with a brain does all of this stuff. Just because somebody told him to do it. God, if somebody told you to go in the middle of the junior subtle causeway and take your pants down and do it, I can't even dump in the middle of the road when you do it. Probably probably if God told you to do it or if Jesus told you to do it or certainly if my hammer told people to do it. Man, what a crappy road that would turn into. Good, golly Miss Molly. Well, what is the hope, man? What have I told you for a long time? It's got nothing to do with being cynical or negative or sour anything like that. It's just got to do with being realistic and it's not a very pretty picture, man. The human race is crazy. About 75% of the human race has crazy that a bed bug and the other 25% of the rest of us we have to suffer for it. What home is that? We've been taken hostage. That's right. Just like that great co-text polar in a hero. It was hijacked by Neo Rogers and his audience since far-bison audience there. QAM. The world has fallen over here and pretended we've got this big audience for that very hip and young goofball they got on a year. Most people hate poison by the way. And then of course they also got the adjunct and the toast and etc. Oh, thank you for all the free publicity and promotion here. And let me say again, the cocoa from the cocoa from chronic. The chronic from cocoa beats. Next time you waste your time sitting your face to us we wouldn't even wipe Greg Reads ass with it. How do you like that? Get out of our face, go away. Talk about neurotic. Jesus. One day this kissy kissy kissy kissy then like three days later you were waiting suck in your apiece of crap and how dare you of just just lunatics man. They're everywhere. Thank you. I'll tell you one thing that keeps me going. What? I'm serious because thank you we got at least one stable person in this audience. There you go. Always keep that in mind when you're ready to give out you know, throw in the towel, give up the ghost. We always got that to fall back on. 13 past 11 at 5.60 WQA and when it comes to mattresses, a lot of gimmicks the latest are street numbers otherwise known as air mattresses. They're only warranted in full for two years. They squeak. They pop. They can lose their setting to the night and they cost a fortune. If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that will last you for years and years then call our good friends at dollar mattress at 1-800 mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get no run around. No showrooms, shenanigans, just factory-direct prices on the best brands that you know trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can pick from Florida's largest inventory of celi. Surt, a Simmons, King Quill, temper-petic and Stearns and Foster who had already fores same date delivery at prices lower than the so-called big name of Shane Stores even during the so-called big sales. Call 1-800 mattress. You may have the vet you want to live at the date and time you want it. And they twired to live at window that you choose. So many people in full year is truly a cum or satisfy customers and I guarantee a how much a mighty bell's life on it that you will be to. Call today 1-800 mattress or log under their website mattress.com and do your shopping right there. That's 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S. because it stands for Super Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16. On watch solid. It's very king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. In 1611, the Bible was translated from a Latin into the King James Bible. And now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents but King James found Bible. James, recite the book of Genesis. It will be fun. The story of Moses and the burning bush. And the tower of battle. I have it. There's a new testament to Lazarus, praise from the dead. James sings from the book of Matthew. And of course, the book of James. All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them. But the trail by you to sit back and come on a just for a man of course, but raise a wrench. Well, one knows more about judgment day than the godfather of souls. And so James also sings of the famous flames. And so James is the Bible. It's 1118. How is it? It's 1118. How is it? It's 1118. How is it? It's 1118. What's your favorite organization? Outside of the US government. Favorite organization? There's a clue. Oh boy. The pairing war on milk is across unlikely to win many converts. All of us have a idea by the way. How is milk is now for humans? I realize it sounds off for you. It's stupid, but it's not for human beings. Every human being is nobody but me. Nobody but my hair. No. Well, if you got it, do you really have the human beings in nobody but me? Yeah, I think it's just been used probably for more. More TV commercials than any of the primary is human beings. Medley is their smith. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. OK. If there were enough is it cause I like it when many converts on the other hand. On the other hand, the picking new body on women getting drunk and pulling their tops off is more or less guaranteed to hold a momentary attention to least 50% of the planet. Even I might take a quick two could that. Tira? That appears to be the logic behind the latest advertising campaign from people for the ethical government of animals or better known as Tira. The leading US animal rights campaign organization. Lariously produced TV spot. Mimics state publicity for a six-portation video venture called Girls Gone While. Although we're coming out with our own called Getchkees Gone While, which I think really epitomizes what's happening in the world of they much better. Good looking college girls go on spring break and fly for the cameras. But in the Peter version. Tira? The girls have others instead of breast, which will soon start leaking milk. Yeah? So this is the utter version. Got me peaked. Using a slogan, milk gone while the adverts aren't so much shocking. Well this is in the independent UK. So it's as adverts. The adverts aren't so much shocking is laugh out loud ridiculous. It's not clear what link has been made between the exhibition of college girls and we supposed it in equities of milk. So the whole of visit to the milk on while website. In other words, the Peter people are even against milk. I thought I'd say it to you. There against any human interaction with any animal for any reason whatsoever including pets. Even if you like pat your dog and a head that's fan, no pets. I had a dream last night about finding a little mint in sitting down at the side of my bed looks just like tiny. Uh, yeah. What does that mean? I mean I'm going to get it to all. I can't have a dog in that building. How does that mean to you remembering? It's a really bad one. Not at all. No, this was a pleasant dream. I say. Only a visit to milk on while website and viewing a short documentary narrated by the actor Alec Baldwin explains the case against the accompaniment to every kids. Bullet breakfast cereal. Alec Baldwin, uh huh, safe. See? No. I heard a song says. Milk pieces is the pride of an industry gun water which causes a separated from their offspring. Only to be slaughtered for me once they've outlived their productivity. That's what it says. What would they have them that they have you do? Just hang around and look cute. I say milk. We are also told contains pus and animal feces and contrary to received wisdom that says calcium is good for your bones. You might just as easily give you osteoporosis as preventive. Don't be wicked no cow's milk or animals milk. Okay? This is probably not a message that a middle America is ready to hear at least not without creating unfortunate backlash. Nor was it likely to be around TV and any major markets. Peter offered to pay $2.2 million to ABC the air during last night's Super Bowl. But got turned down on the grounds that the ad falls outside the boundaries of good taste. Well, that anybody tastes. Now they're going to have those girls gone wild on there. What are going to make you turn in the stones? I guarantee that. Or can I get a hold of my commercial? I want to see the lead call. Yeah. It says this was admittedly a disingenuous reason. Previously Super Bowl ads have included a dog biting a man in the crotch. A flatulent horse in a number of pitches for erectile dysfunction remedies. By now, crying foul about censorship is part and parcel of penis campaigning platform. Peter. The ad mean while remains freely available for animal relaxes for a computer to watch. Are you ready? Uh-huh. And the verdicts from I film the online movie form currently hosting the clip. It's utterly disgusting. I film. It doesn't have the ad. I got a watch. I have a small eye. Capital F. I film. That's fine. Got it. That's fine. I think that commercial might be a remedy for erectile dysfunction. Do you think so? Peter. I'll let you know. Okay. Guess he's on wild. I'll tell the lips. Okay. We'll take a look and see if it's utterly disgusting or not. Or I'll turn to something that's disgusting. Interpol is issued an urgent global security alert after 23 dangerous individuals. The clearly meant identified as the mastermind of the attack on the US as coal in 2000. Escape from a Yemeni prison. How do you like that? We just can't do nothing right. You know the good guys are all in a bad guys. You think they'd Tony Correction was running that prison. That's her damn sure. That'd be a fact that would be a good place to send a county punishment. Where a fake worse than death. The international crime fighting organization said yesterday at least 13 of the 23 was escape Friday. Where convicted Al-Qaeda terrorists, some of whom were involved in attacks on US and Friendships in 2002. They're doing a however good job over there. In there, where is it? Yemen? Yemen? Oh, Yemen. They're doing a good job. The Yemenis. Al-Qaeda terrorists have been deemed a serious threat to the entire world to be in me by the UN Security Council by Interpol and by a wide range of countries. Interpol Security General, a Secretary General Ron Noble, said the statement. The escape by a 150-yard long tunnel dug by the prisoners and co-consistirators outside. There was escape cannot be considered an internal problem for Yemen alone, as what it said. It's not just an internal problem for them. Among these escape, Israel Javal Ahmed Badaway, considered the mastermind behind attack on US's school October 12, 2000. Badaway was sentenced to death in September 2004 for plotting the attack to suicide bombers blew up under explosive while we know about that. That killed 17 survivors wounded 39 others. The FBI released a statement saying that information about the escape was currently coming into government channels, or closely monitoring the situation, but it would put about. Also among these escapees was Fawlaz Yaha Al-Ravi, one of those responsible for attacking the French tanker Limberg in 2002. The Limberg are guys. And they're like that. They can't even keep them behind bars. See the idea is that first of all, we get rid of these people who are like to kill them right on the spot and then we don't have to worry about them no more. But no. We're too busy tapping your mail and your emails and reading your mail and monitoring your phone calls and checking your, whatever you're doing. Check in your turlet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But that war on terror. I know it's hard work, but it's really going well. Hard work. Somebody's going to call Al-Keda. We want to know what to say. There you go. And if somebody calls Al-Gulstine, then we're going to really come and drag your ass away. Good thing I'm not talking to him no more. Probably can't afford a phone anyway now, poor Al. Somebody QAM, hello. Yama. Yama. Yama. Yama. I've been to the top of the area. Oh, I agree. Go again with him. And guess what? That's his last attempt. Trust me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, if he arrives in a cigarette wilder slime. We got only two or three that we deal with like that. But that's, uh, save you the aggravation. Well, what will handle it? We'll save, well, pass along the savings to do all this. All right. There's anything new going on there. Yeah. Come in QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh. I got something. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. I got no material. Yeah. Well, that's, uh, that's new. That's new for you. These are good. Good way to start to wait. But they're all, you know, then out of shape. Because they lost a bet on a Super Bowl last night. And did they cover, did they not cover? They covered it. They covered up my home room as Puppered to it. Like a tent. He looked so at just out of it there. And the last Super Bowl went to the game. Like they kept showing him on the sideline. Uh, let's get out of here. That's what he was saying that Mike. You know, I kept covering enough of it as a playbook there. That's what's good on here. And when we get the fruit we're shredding. Yeah, get the fruits and the aburably for my home room. Your old cheese had eaten the feeding again, you know. Uh, uh. 26 past 11 and 5, 60, WQ and who is the fat? Oh, God. The bearers once had, uh, what would Abe was it, Abe Gibran? Fat short Jewish coach. I mean, he waited. He made the beast look like mini moths. And of course the bearers stunk during those days too. It's probably just a coincidence. Haven't told you about dry concepts for about 100 years now to be cleaning the carpets in my home for well over 20 years and doing a stupidness unbeatable job. And I want you to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contract and provide you with a 10% discount on all of dry concepts fantastic services including That are one of a kind of a kind carpet cleaning. Leather draped with your rental rug cleaning too. Dry concepts also specialize in pet odor treatment ceramic tile and ground cleaning. And after cleaning in lots more to enduring this month during February, Dry concepts is about a special offer for you on a post-reclining. Don't replace your furniture just because it's soil. The dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture in a fraction of the cost of replacing a repulsory. Autodry concept technicians are especially trained and certified to provide you with the best service under the sun. A dry concept you'll always get a written, guaranteed price up front and professional service. No surprises, no scams at the end of the job. So don't be fooled by the inventators. You made a big investment with decorating your home set out, Santa Protected and Investment by calling our friends at Dry Concepts do it today. And they brought out of the Palm Beach's column tool free 1-800-248-5071 and don't forget February special on a post-reclining. 1-800-248-5071 around the web it's Dry Concepts. That concept is real Roger. I saw it this. This is 5-16-15. Hey. Hey. Then should Palmanor helpers over this performance by the dolphin. A week long television event. Please mind one question. I made a bigger year. Think you should take the deal. Let's hear something. Okay. What should we do again? The deal is broken. No deal. No. Are you out? On NBC. But. Can't wait. 20-80-200-200. So I saw the ad. And it's fine. And then it goes into this preachy kind of pedicester. Like, you know, where they're showing the cows being miled. And the girls gone wild. The parody part of it? Yeah. That was pretty good. It was okay. It has my man moments. There's milk all over the place. No, no, no, no. Don't be scared. I'm going to grab it now. Don't be into grandfathers. But my mom, dred by all sorts of crazy goymoth there. Oh, fine. I just made that up. Well, you know, we are. Come on if you weigh him. Hello. Q. I like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. Can you hear me? I hear you hear me. I'm not talking to Neil. I'm talking to somebody else. Okay. Whatever you say. I mean, we can keep going around on this for a half an hour. Still me. Hey, Neil. He got it. It gibbon is not Jewish man. He's a Turk. Oh, like I said, some schmoth ahead. Exactly. A gibbon into a guy by the name of Nicky Ray up there in Toronto. Kind of a pseudo entertainer. No, never heard him. Ever heard of Johnny Ray. Johnny Ray. Don't listen man. I got an insurance. I'm not Martha Ray. Hey, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Martha Ray. Martha Ray. Okay. That's a positive man. She's got her teeth in there. So if you still neglect. I got my insurance bill here in Volca yesterday. Yes. About 65%. Well, of course, that'll take you to live there. Can you tell me why they did that to us? Because you live there. Okay. Get smart. Get out of there. Like Don Adams would say if you were still with us. Get smart. They did it to you because you're going to stick it to you. Man, because they got a cum. Imagine you might have money that they're paying out and the insurance claims. See insurance companies they like to take your money and give you nothing back. And now all of a sudden, I'm going to pay a claim. Oh, you've made this is what we had in mind. It's supposed to be a one way deal. You know, every one of those a one way deal. All the time. You already have it. That's right. You know, it's not 0.560 pound five, 60. And we've arisen in singular wireless lines. Can I speak to Neil? Hello, is it Neil? No, it's not. It's just a body double. Well, I have job. It's time to be you for me. WCOM. Hello. Neil, you killed some time. Rich tender bed. No. Can I kill some time at a bridge tender bed? And is that good or what? We're not a kid. It'll be all done. We're just in being a, you know, a simple lady. Every second, every moment, every millisecond. For those people who didn't hear that enough, it'll be on the new fundraising CD, not that we're on five. Because that is the sixth of February. Well, I haven't heard another word about it. And we're discouraging word or an individual. You were released on the year anniversary March 1st. I didn't know that. Yeah. I read it. I'm trying to get me to come down and kick it off in April. That's right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Please don't get me started out over the weekend. I like cleansed out. Yeah. I had a blueberry animal. That's right. Rain. I had a blueberry lobotomy and clean my whole brain from that whole morning. You're all the stuff going on there. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to hear from it. Like we said, it's a partying of the ways we do tend to to invest them. Good luck to you. Okay. Well, pack your semoles. Stay also on me sandwiches. Well, get some of the good deal. Pick those left over from wolfies and the beach. And have a good life. Good luck to you. You'll need it. We don't win. Okay. WCWM. All right. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, three, five, six, six. Howm five, six, six, three, four, five, five, six. Five, six, three, five, six, five, six. Five, five, six, five, six, eight, six. So what? Tharth that bundle type just says you poltica with. You want to get one you're want out of a lake you can control this law. You want to take an empty road loss of  the property you want? Second hill. Right? Okay. This is to be quote by somebody who's allegiance? Forever. This way, Albert. The word is a lot less little less ladle. Face your lips, this way. Select your contact conversation. That would be great if you placed one to your left eye. And like this is a bitch. Oh, you can't say that. That's what my argument. I'll have to say that. The Hollywood you can't wear that t-shirt. We got the t-shirt police, right? Del drag you off and rest you. You got the wrong t-shirt on. Especially if the inauguration. Ward police. Whatever the hell I was the state of the U.S. We got the word police. We got the J. Walking police. We got the everything police. Okay. The nose picking police. The pick and potatoes out of yours. Police. They just took 10 Kennedy away. It's just even D.D. Sharp can't believe all the mass takers came out of old Ted's ears. Now that you don't have that mass potatoes by D.D. Sharp. If you had that, what year was that more or less? Oh, before before Israel was invented. Before the first era of started burning buildings down. Oh! Del drag that. I'm doing it too. Oh, right. 1960 just made this cut. You know, thank God no 50. See, I'd rather hear from your chef's assistant and it's stupid as a big center. But you go some time. We'd like to get you. Take your bullony and go eat it. Go peel it and eat it. That's a great record. See, I'll let it run back then. That's the twist and the shamanist takers and the peppermint twist. You'll be Dean of Starlight. Is it much about that in there too, huh? Pemperman twist by D.D. in the Starlighters. What do you say? Oh, no. Whoo! They make these songs long. This is 201. Now if you look up because it's got the time center records. Okay, Phil, see you, Joey. Go back to Philly. Stay by Maurice Williams in the zodiacs. Remember, stay, stay just a little bit longer, remember that? Yeah. Yeah. One, I bet I picked it. How is it? 140. 20. That could be the shortest record in history. One, a minute and 40 seconds. They didn't even work up a sweat recording that piece of crap. Maurice Williams in the zodiacs. How much an intro I know? An honor song. Yeah. It's like a talk up. Oh, as you can't get least five and a half six minutes out of a modern song and you're a bit about it. Yeah, you can take a peek of this. Right. I was in this a little longer than this. This is just picked back to Peyton's setting years time on this one. Okay. Those are the days, baby. When music was music is opposed to this swell you got today. With this M&M and M&M and M&M on all the other garbage and all bust the rhymes and bust the move and bust the brown. Yeah. You think bust the rhymes is kind of like bust the brown. Talk your magic flag or frongy. They else, I think they can't even say that on the year today. I bet you any divide will get shot right on the year if you said that. If you were still with us, only wait 700 pounds. Talk your magic flag or frongy. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I get to kill from time. Yeah, I kill this. WQAM. Hello. By the way, the foods here and they're like five giant boxes of it. Excellent. Thanks to John the Baker for smells good. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is this? That movie you're talking about a face in the crowd. That was a little great movie. Yeah, I'm going to go into today. Andy Gritt. I think that was one of the first movies he made. Yeah. Either that or no time for sergeant. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. But I went only here. Did a good job in a zombie. He was in the morning. I used a corned cone down home crap. Yeah, but he was really an evil guy. It's good. It's going crazy at the end. His name was Wants some roses in the movie. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. And we'll get it today. Thanks a lot. There's another vote for a face in the crowd. Excellent. Okay. But I'll write that down. Again, Wants on your right now. I got this blue or monoltsy. Lonesome roads. Petrition Neil. Uh, who else? Already did read that. Water Math, Ali Remick. Help keep the energy at high level. And extraordinary supporting cast. Even when the satz hat turns shrill and unpress-swasive in the final real. Well, that's okay. I heard it is real. It's what I heard. And the ragheads ain't too happy about it either. Let's go kill some Jews. Let's go kill some Arabs. And let's kill some, you know, atheists and whatever. Even metal will hear what to pieces over this whole thing, you know? God. One thing about that, we don't have to have her or her retarded son on you anymore. Anyway, wow, he was really a piece of work. 838 votes. Which of these best describes you? That's our poll today? Gonna go over a thousand probably by like, I don't know. What would you say? 12, uh, about 30 minutes? Yeah, we're like one. Okay. Let's take up an office pool on. Let's kill some time. Which of these best describes you averaged 234, five? I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. We know. We've heard you. Hotstud 64. Likely story. You should live so long. Fatch Slob 51. Computer nerd 43. Lazy 3, nerd and nerd. Is that like, surf and surf? Similar. Your Honor, 40. I'm a fat you 38. Julio, we got 30 minutes. Yeah. Only 3.5%. We got no Julio. You're a dream. Just like me, because I'm a Julio. I go to something else that's more appropriate. Because that's the question. Yeah. All the Julios were listening. Just all the ones that speak English. Oh, well, I, and so we got 30. That's it. Redneck 24, old 1222, young punk 16, races 50. That's half a hundred. 13. Closet case 12. That's right. Who we in 12. That's right. That's Julios. Wallflower 2, painful bitch 12, anal 7, gothic 2, and money grab and bitch is what on there. We got a bitch. Someone that you know will be voting soon. 11.411 19 till noon at 2 a.m. When you're shopping for shoes, you can save a lot of money. A lot of time I go into Brande's because they got what you be looking for. And they got it. They're pricey can't beat anywhere. They carry airbie major brand of shoes, rockport, floor shine, echo, essay, as no fist to a new balance all the top names and brandies. Professional shoepeters will always make sure that you've got a perfect customized video favorite comfort tube. Ask for Arnie when you go in and tell them that old Neil, we've been talking about Brande's for years and years now. The reason they're still around with other guys are gone is because Brande's give me that unbeatable combination. Comfort style fit unbeatable value and selection. What's not to like? Brande's shoes. You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papuaver Beach. Brande's open every day for you. Monday through Saturday's till 9 and even on Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy essay issues at Brande's take 20 to 40 bucks extra off the retail price of all great men's and women's styles at Brande's. And be sure to get in the store this week or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website Brande's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. There, honey. Live in Chicago. Oh, bro. I've been in television since I was 19 years old and I have never been in this position. I don't do it. As you may have heard. Excuse me, hello? Oh, bro? Yes. This is Sedmin. I'm calling in on your show. From New York. And I wanted to tell you that I've liked you too. I know we've been together for several years, but I'm actually married to somebody else. I'm really sorry. But I gotta go. Oh my god. Oh, bro. I write you too. Unbelievable. I know. Of all people, you think you could trust your guy to college. Why would you not? Oprah? Your man. Oh, no. I'm so sorry. Oh, and you should get your prostate checked out. Who's right there? 145. I want to get that brand new liver from Oprah. That's what I want to get. Just in case somebody needs a spirit, you know? I was away with a spirit of liver. Yes? In honor of Rita. I'm having a veal perm sub. Oh, have it a baby cow. All right. Face the John the Baker just came in and brought in some fantastic food. A real feast in Josh's hand and what? I got me some chicken Alfredo with a garlic roll. But he brought in so much stuff. Garlic rolls bigger than your head. Yeah. All right. Excellent. We got a lot of job. A big man. He loves us. Pieces maybe? There we got five pieces. Five pieces? We got five pieces. We got five. We got five. That's what I'm saying. You talk about bad timing. What? Somebody left two soon just before all that pizza came in. Okay. We'll be sure and share with all the people we like in the building. So in other words, Tom can come in. And that's about it. What we hear with everybody in the building. There's so much food. Even the people we don't like in F-L-O. Even you people and hate us like poison. Come on and get some free food. Okay. Come there to the studio. And I'm not there. I'm not worried about it. You can bad mouth us with your mouth full of food. And that's right. We don't care. We're used to it. World Bunchhold hard asses anyway. The teenagers suspected an a hatchet in Guttahaken, Saudi New England, Gay Bar, and an a killing of a policeman died yesterday after being wounded in a shootout with Arkansas officers. Authority's believe he also killed a female acquaintance he had picked up on grab into West Virginia. Investigators said high school dropout, Jacob D. Robada, 18 of New Bedford Mass, had doubled in Nazism and police in Massachusetts said the attack that injured three men one critically at the Puzzles lounge on Thursday was a hate crime. Wow, I dabbled in autism. Sounds like you're president. I also was committing a hate crime against mankind. A lot of them. After the New Bedford attack, we say, Robada picked up Jennifer Rina Bailey, 33 at her home in Charleston, West Virginia. Apparently she had a prior relationship with his guy and had been corresponding with him. Other than that, we're still in the dark about that. West Virginia State Police Sergeant CJ Ellison said yesterday, on Saturday is Robada and Bailey drove the gas bill gas bill. You ever hear that? I heard an ass bill, but I never heard a gas bill Arkansas. No, wait, wait, the Arkansas officer Jim Sell, I wonder if he's getting to Tom Sells pulled them over in front of the Brass Dermot cell or restaurant for a traffic violation. You know, this is like a Ted Bundy thing, you know, remember that Volkswagen at Beetle, he was driving right? It was a bit. Yeah. And he tried to like to do a little run and run and gun. And they opened up the truck and said he must be a bad guy and he said, but I've been Ted Bundy. Robada killed the 63-year officer Arkansas State Police folks been Bill Sadler said. Robada drove to Norfolk where his car hit several vehicles with wood or police berkade and he opened fire. Police shot him twice in the head. And Bailey was found dead in the car. Twice in the head he was found dead. While said Robada killed her, but Sadler said, the list said the woman said that would be needed to confirm how she died. He was dead. He's dead. And cops dead. So it happens when we leave crazy people on loose crazy people with guns. That's the American effinway. That's what it's all about. Don't be messing with my guns because we love our gun. We love the polish. We love the squeeze it. Right? Absolutely. Hang out with it. Like Chuck has to. I asked him what I wanted to raise a pillow to protect the so his Spanx pants. So it's stolen. 560 pound 560 pounds. 660 pounds. 560 pounds. 560 pounds. 560 pounds. 660 pounds. 560 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. 660 pounds. Open it and open it or you'll find out if you are watching the recipe. 560 pounds. 580 pounds. You Can In Congratulations! While reading it in your channel recommended additional shortcut we can do today. 740 pounds. 1080 pounds. 1080 pounds. Okay, take your pillow back to your desk. 1080 pounds. You can read it under your desk. 1080 pounds. I'm sure you're sure it's a great. He has a very good movie. Definitely worth a couple of hours of time. And also for your pull, there's kind of a slightly sensitive area, but I've been reading about and hearing about how good masturbation is. Okay, great. Yeah, it's a sensitive area. Five six seven, five six, pound pie. He's been reading about how good this is. Five six seven, five six, pound pie. And then you can realize in singular wireless line. That is so cute, you know. By the way, I'll give it to a chicken neck next time I see you. Your kind of scratch. So the next week you'll have that. Oh really? Yeah. Well, I'll be dang. Well, I'll be dang. I'll be doing a lot of time. We'll be watching what's in the sandwich list. And what's the fresh shoshank? Yeah. Yeah, shoshank redemption. And basically the crash. And smash my football. And I said, well, I'll tell you what. They need people are really slow on a Monday. Must've been at Super Bowl last night. They must've been drunk like Josh. Must be all passed out in hunger over. Somebody QAM. Hello. Yeah, push was first see. Hugs. He can't wait. Five six seven, five, 60. Pound five, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines. Look at that. Look at that phone. Yeah, I don't know. I'm going to not only do today's file. I'm going to go back and start doing previous days, piles two. How's that? Excellent. I think I'm getting piles from this crowd already. They've got absolutely positively. Absolutely. Nothing. So let's go back to that wolfies call where you say. Do it. These can't be working, can they? Huh? Can these calls actually be working? Or is this like a set up deal? I think it's Greg Co. Text and probably hooked up with a phone company. This is the way getting back. Just don't take it to a personal Greg. Okay. Oh, we didn't expect to get so weird. What is that all about? Is that what you didn't expect to lose by so much. I see. My family. They're pretty good in person. He really want me to create it so badly. Right. And we're putting four hosts on for our side all of these things. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, me. How you going? Okay. Let me ask somebody. We have the ten for a ticket of this. Can we time ten or how we've been talking about all this. A rack war in Havana. The United States has been in Iraq six months before. Are you in 1911? Yeah, and. And I was just wondering about that. I don't hear too many people talking about it. Yeah, I don't know. They're worried about the super bowl man. You better get with it. Who made people talking about it? You heard people talking about it? Talk about what? I don't know whatever he just said. Give me a break. What languages he's speaking anyway?umbles. God. Somebody QAM. Hello. I need a wife. WQAM. Hello. I don't need a funny story about wolfies. I used to date the owner's granddaughter. I used to pick a hirt tomato quite a bit. Yeah. No. He's just terrible. Yeah. Five. That was the same guy. Five six seven. Five six. You have sex with wolfies. You must have some. And maybe got some bad moths. A ball's there. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The horizon. See, this isn't even day when you can just like power on the shoe because there ain't nothing to plow. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I got some great minutes for you. Yes. Remember pineapple fakes that are white and I guess I got a car says and a. Um, remember auto nation you had a risk there is one of those top three accomplishments. Yeah. You noticed that there's a fear that's appeared from the face of the earth. Really? Because you got sued by. Carmax for. Name infringement. Carmax. Next. Well, that'll teach him to be mess with at the pizza guide on town. Yeah. That's right. What coach about comes around when you ball hit geek. I'm going to run there. And back to you. Well, there's some good news, huh? I did not know that. And that inspires me to play that bit again, which I haven't. There you go. Let's get this off a couple of signals. It's inspired. Played a hundred times. Day. Day. Let me take a. All right. You've got a lot of bucks in your rich. Way. I think you suck to some of that. You're way. That's a good thing. You made a sign of money by ripping off a baseball oven fan. I think it's true that we don't seem to always be a garbage man. And now the marlins are the last place. Way. I'd like to punch a ride in a face. That's the way. I'll let a people want a vomit at the mention of your name. You take good team and roof with it. I know just why you're too sweet. We always get a screw in with way. You really put us down as a dumpster. Way. You played a song for me to leave jumps. Way. You're gonna sell the marlins. And you will collect a pile of cash. It's kind of strange that now somebody else is thinking of your trash. You're a ball and a pocket. It's really sick. Way. That's just a sign like you give your ass a big kick. Welcome. Way. You're not deep round shirt. All the shit that's in the show is a lack of rain. I don't care what you buy yourself. Go away all of the business else. I wish that you would go to hell with me. I guess what? You might take me for a while. I guess they just hit on TV only moments ago. There we go. And you will just stand in there. Correct. Can't get to see. Where's my new liver? Just stand in there. You notice that? No, I didn't know much about that. New video just didn't. We see Oprah standing there. They're thinking a lot. Probably thinking about how much money she's going to lose because of that phony book. Here's one from Steve. This is a good one for your pool. This is actually in vanilla. I got chocolate. Mine I've been in. Alright. Tell about life brown. How about mobile? Carabel. How about mocha? If we got like different flavors on it, we got chocolate. And we got vanilla now. But about mocha for somebody brown people. And a whole bunch of beaners list in there. You could meet. We do. They're working in. Of course we do that. And cool's in a range. What do you think they do while they're picking. Let us. Well, they're picking it. They're looking at the podcast. That's it. They're poddened. They're casting it. Well, they're people. Like pods. Just like in the extra season. They were casting it out. Let's cast out the evil spirits from those get skis over there. Man. And it was how nobody's got nothing to say about it. That's. That's what I'm saying. That's what really kills me. When I tell you people got to wake up and sniff all the gisks out there. Jesus God. While the hard tool in this very are they were insulted. Okay, but that's always a good excuse to start burning places down and killing people. They were insulted and offended. So the message is don't be insulting or ragheads, man, because they're going to come and get your ass. Oh boy. Well, look at the reaction to raspberries. Don't be making no sounds again. If you want to know the reaction called joy, she'll tell you. Eight hundred and seventy four votes. Which of these best describes you? I'm not going to read this whole list again. What about the ones on the bottom there? Money graph and bitches still got two gothic, though. Aren't you excited about that? Gee. You're being in that cramp, I am. So let's see. The worst song of all time. Worst hit song. Ha ha ha. Oh. You're right. That's going to kill some really good times. They at this day. Monthly. I'm so much for years on this. He's five six. Oh, Ryan. Hey. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M. I'm glad to know they lost. And sometimes we're on a horse. I'm glad to go back out for this day. I'm walking down a funny day from Sam's home. But she thinks the only one that all goes. Like a boat back out for. And if I'm the tell me how to view that day. Like a boat back out for. There you're racing wild. Chaps, don't cover the day. We're here. I'm almost a rain that's where you're ferry. Like a boat back out. You see the French section where the face transplants you show up before the media. Right. We fun. Oh, man. That's what I'm saying. Reef fun. What do you mean by? Call me bad. Yeah. I understand that. Reef fun. Do it over again. Roodle. New paint job. Take it or. Or maybe you don't business or. Or I haven't heard any ads for them in a long time. You know I'm talking about the three dollar a paint job for your expensive. You'll not be. 567560 pound five. Sistendly Verizon. See you to write a sign of kind of a third year crowd out today. Must be exhausted from it. Stones half time. Show last night. Show what a warm me out if I would have watched it. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey. How you doing? Okay. This is the thing you're lady. Well, be down. Just call and check on you. Love you, love you, love you. Uh-huh. Yeah. So I love the show. I love you guys. Love everything. I think you're like my baby. Oh, I'm right. How can I do that? I can't have this still here. Yes. I'm fine. You love it, don't you? I like it. Yeah. You don't miss the cesspool of the south at all. No, I sure don't. If you're like a vah, add another 40 years in my life. Oh, amen. I hear you, brother. Mm-hmm. That's right. And here's what I say that mopee and gone. Thank you, Jesus. Okay. Bye-bye, Dave. Go find your baby. Okay. There's the dinghy lady. And on the savoury, it's nice and she's still around in it. Check it out. Sure. Sure. We've had dinner. Let's go sometime and talk about the pickles and wolfies. Well, you talk about somebody with an anastagride. What's all this that guy's story? Talk about the pepper and chini at John the Bakers. There you go. Oh, yeah, you got some good stuff to it. They've been a pepper. Oh, pepper and chini. Oh, bring tears to God. You're the beauty. Well, thanks to our good buddies at the John and Baker, okay? They love us and we love them. Yeah. And it means I'm a machinery. Nothing. I'm starving over here. All this Irish shouldn't be going on like this. I smell the garlic through the mind. Hmm. Right. I can smell the whole way up here. I'm sweating garlic at this point. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. They told him by the shirt police a couple weeks ago. I happened to go in the courtroom and I had a shirt that read a wide chicken dry. When you can smoke and fly and I was escort it out of the courtroom. Really? Oh, no. Get it. They told me that I couldn't come back until I had the proper fire. So, they had with them, dude. Hey, man, to hell with them. Well, sir, partner. I didn't send them right over to Church's Chicken for everybody's humorless these days, aren't they? Yeah. Everybody's got a star of Puss. Oh, look at that. It's a prophet Muhammad. It's not a joke. Well, maybe the U.S. not to us and saw the same crap because of the prophet and in largely Buddhist Thailand, protesters held up banners and blackards and angrily denounced the cartoon. Well, too bad. Go find a life. Yeah, I'm telling you one thing. It's a good thing they got everything else going so well for all these people that are Schleppers and restaurant and can't find a job or make a living. I guess they just have a too much spare time on their hands. Running around with big signs. It's not okay to insult. It's a lot of why to how not. Let me see it again. How come nobody's talking about the, they'll grow test cartoons that they show with it. Is really, is all the Jews with the big noses and whatever they got the mosaballs up there, ears, whatever. That's okay. But all the blood on their hands. But in the meantime, it's the same little crap man. Our god is better than your god. And you're insulting me. You're, yeah, you're not going along with a program man. Too bad. Go to hell. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Yes. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. I think you should have a quick. No, you're just sending it to me. I'll be seeing any minute. Okay. I think you enjoy. I thought I was pretty much taking a take the back of it. I thought it was pretty well done. But also, I don't know how to do it. I mean, you're well. Yeah. Well, anyway, I've been feeling there. I can't spoke with you about a couple of weeks ago and I felt bad. You said my car very, you didn't catch the system. I call. I called you about, you know, when the day comes, we all came there forever. And I just want to give you a note that a lot of people, like, you know, pay a lot of respect to you. I mean, it's. Oh, this isn't the guy that was a co-call about my planning. My funeral. When am I going to die? I wasn't saying it's a business. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not ready yet. Okay. And I'll, after somebody's calls, I'm thinking about it. But I'm not ready yet. Yeah. I understand. Don't make it a plan. And like I told you, you'll be pushing up days. These else will be on your trust me. You might be right on that one. But let me know where it's going to be. I'll come and pay tribute to you. I'll put some of that to it. I'll put some pansies on your tombstone. I said, that's all. To put that hole. I could be my number. Okay. Is that going? Okay. Let's know. I've already got plenty for your credit. Look in for the notice in the old bits. Okay. When you're done, but have you taxed it or meet on your hands and knees and you use a copy table? Really? On my hands and knees. Yes. What? On muslim. That's. Yeah. You think. I'll put you on. I'm actually got a major carpet in front of me there at all times. I'm always close to a Allah in my hammock and my hammock at a Lee. Look, we're going to end each mile and all these other sketch keys. So I have you. I'm close. I said Solomon and Abraham Solomon and the Irving liftships and all these other great Americans. Use you as a flower base. Good. Somebody QAM. Hello. Can a Jackson's breath? I'm not trying to see. Don't go. We call back about Daphne Dill pickles again. I will feed you when I was calling earlier. Good. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Boy, you people are really on top of it today. They don't want to overdo it now. They don't want to get too carried away after we had our euphoric week last week. Stuck the other guys head in a vase with it without the pansies. Well, we didn't mean to get it all weird. We just were fine. Okay, well, we had a lot of fun. I'm glad our audience had a lot of fun. Everybody on the side had fun except to go to the sports nerds. We don't want to have any fun. What's it got to do with sports? Sports. How many QAM? Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Send you back for Joe Brian. Harry Harris and Jack Spectre. Daniel. Beam Mitchell, where are you? Gary Steven, Johnny's dark dean Anthony. Ed Barr. Ruth and my attend Davis. Okay, great. Go back to Wolfies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, he probably had all those names on a wall there. The celebrity room. The celebrity room. Wolfies on the beach. Huh? No. The celebrity room. The celebrity room. Wolfies on the beach. Huh? No. The celebrity room. You never ate a wolfies out there. No, I have a guy. Antisemitic. 8, a puppy. Well, that's close enough. The rascal house. The rascal house. You got both ate it. That's right. Goes to Sharia. Bad taste. Oh, he's Josh's favorite line. Now this is the one we've been waiting for to like spice it up. Line 9 QAM. Hello. This is Rita Crosby. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Anthony Neil. Yep. And leave it to the cell hole like two weeks. And you got to play a bit for me that I haven't heard it along. Oh, God. Maybe I got it. Maybe I don't want it. Please. I'll play it again. We don't know. Barbara's daughter. Okay. No problem. Thank you. That's going to do it that'll send you off. Okay. That's what you're doing. No. That's what you're trying to do. When I say there's her maybe I'll change to your man. Your attorney general. Oh, nasty. Look in Alberto Vio 5. You're going to know him. To fight this uncoventional war. While we're making open. And first of all, there ain't no war going on. This is all made up. There's no war going on. Okay. Well, wars are between countries. So, at last time I checked. If you look through history. That's right. Wars are between countries. What country are we talking about? Was it Iraq? No. Was it Saudi Arabia? Maybe. For more likely. Now, now we'd be talking. If we were fighting that kind of war, which we're not. We still got hooked up to you. They're hooked up to the two more on the ass end of it. So, I'm going to start it. That's the excuse for everything. Is where it perpetual war. Okay. So, that's always done to the excuse for illegal wire taps. And illegal opening your mail. And everything else illegal that they're doing. Survelling your ass. Just absolutely unacceptables. What it is. And they sit there. But it'd be pitiful. But about that they're debating the bait this. What's your vocrap? And another dragon Jimmy Carter again out of mock balls. Man, he don't look a day over the age of 200. When is somebody going to open up a mouth? You know, besides Michael Moore and Cindy Sheen. And of course, she opens up a mouth. And right away, they don't like her t-shirt. They drag her ass off in handcuffs. And then they apologize. Oh, well, we really overreacted. And yeah, right. When it was it stopped by a polygiage. Maybe when the American collective IQ is like, I go over 10. Like it doesn't. But that. Oh, I understand. They're very upset over there. They're making fun of their religion. And you can't do that. Why the hell not? In fact, I'm going to start eating. I don't even eat breakfast instead. Instead of that bacon. I have it a morning roast. I haven't a cheese Danish. I remember just to side with the beans. If I have to choose between. If I have to choose between. Oh, shmatha heads over there. Whoever to hell they are and the beans. I'll take the great beans. Any day. Right. It's a good idea. I'll try the pomeranian for a great day. There you go. They sure look. And then, uh, someone I'm ragged. When a bomba. Twelve minutes passed and he'll like I said, There's a seven load on every street court in Copenhagen. And he can go to that hands Christian Anderson that little, uh, make believe, tiny amusement park with the little little Pussians there. Oh yeah, oh boy. You don't want to go there. It's kind of border thanks. Hey, what the living year downtown Fort L'Averdale, Ornate. I want to tell you about a great restaurant that's worth to drive no matter where you live. And of course, it's terrorist takin' lobster house. I'm a 17 Street causeway. I've been talking about. You'll find terror. The terrorist shall be there almost any given. I greeting guests at her new 200C restaurant. It allows probably bringing East Coast residents the same unique terror dining experience that hurt her Markle Island restaurant near perfect marks in his U.S. survey. I mean, who gets perfect? There are about as close as you can get. And a line spectator, Ward of Excellence, Wyandless, now boasting over 380 selections from the world's greatest wine regions. But of course, the main attraction of terrorist take a lobster house is just what the aim is to just to juicy the list of steak and lobster. And they do a fine job with everything on their menu from Konya confused lobster biz, Tomom's classic crab cake selection of fresh seafood and chops as well. Regarding by many people is the Peter Louvre of the South, Terran corporates the family recipes to complete the menu. Sauce is addressing their bait fresh in house every day and hands selected right in shortloins used to prepare their signature port of house for 1, 2, 3, or 4 are served cut away from the boat on a sizzling platter. And sweet and tender is the only way to describe terrorist 3 to 6 pound made lobster collection prepared steamed roe or stuffed with lumb crab meat or a fillet with a fillet for the ultimate surf in turf. And I've been in Stonecraft season terrorist quickly becoming these Stonecraft house too. I'll have to fight that Miley Traft to give those jumbo sweeties. Make sure to reserve them at events because they go fast to terrorists. Tomas terrorist happy are if a Monday through Friday with two for one special new race or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 530 to 730 when you stick around for dinner. Terroristic lobster house at 1430 Southeast 173 cause we're in Fort L'Avril. All for reservations at 954-765-6202. That's 954-765-6202 or their website is terroristakeandlobstrass.com. Don't forget what people start talking about great stakes. Everybody's gonna be raving about terrorist stake in lobster house. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-8. My fellow Americans are budget will run a deficit that will never completely go away. So my economic security plan can be summed up in one word. Evil. First we will shove down business. 411K in pension plans. There's more to do. If you aren't sure how to help, I've got a good place to start. Doubling to tax race and I thank you. Fellow citizens, we must party. Party. Party. Ted Kennedy. Party. Okay great job, W. 1218 and here's a fact that is absolutely shocking. I think you want to apologize to the chronic from Croco Beach. Yeah, I'm sorry I can't even use. I'm sorry I said all those things. I think I got my chronic confused as the other one. That fact I got about ratings and that was definitely from somebody an ultra chronic. I'm sorry who also sends us in in fact as all of them in their case. I'll turn the sucking up or a hostile. Because I recognize that writing man, where it says stop blaming the hurricane. I mean that is so chronic, whoever that is from a Rosen and Rosen by the way of PA. Somebody worse there. Well, find out. Anyway, getting back to the chronic from Croco Beach. lengthy, lengthy fact says to George, Ms. Velrovriga, you know, I'm just sure that we get a few a. I'm from Russell, the chronic in Toka, Ray, a parent confusion by the way. And then we just had the guy called, he says he wants to come to my funeral. It's like old home weekend. I'm a little bit of a number. So he's definitely like a casket peddler. Oh brother. What's this how you apply? Talk about morbid. Okay. Yeah. Why do you just, uh, I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm just like this now when the day is okay. We'll be like two seconds on a year, kill some time. Good morning, George. And interesting, he writes George Jorge with a jade, but a, uh, up above with a G. Well, just in case he's covered his faces. So like some people would say, hey, I think the sea hogs are going to win last night at Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh sea hogs. I'm ready to clarify a couple of things. I didn't hear last Thursday show. And if I'd be ahead time to download her from the archives and listen, apparently sometime during that show near out of fact, from someone the Coco Beach Florida, that wasn't from Coco Beach. It was from Broward. It's where it was from. Considering the recent Harold Radio Wars polls, which has really pissed them off, it didn't piss me off. It just chronic. Several times and Friday, and again this morning is before to the facts is coming from Coco Beach, the chronic in Coco or similar, and declaring he won't accept any more fastest than that. Pretty, do I say that? I don't really ever say that. What do I say that? I just want to advise you one. I'm a lawyer who's listening to it and joined Neo4A over 20 years. Two. I've spoken with you on the phone on several occasions when you were doing the show about energy politics, the environment, other things of mutual interest, and have also sent the show facts as you do in the name. The New York Geothermal Man or George's Geothermal Man or some of you know that? I had my own Geothermal Man. Yeah, I know he's talking about. Three. For last five years, I've sent a show an average of maybe two facts a month from my winter home here in Coco, Florida, invariably with positive content. Ideas for clauses and yields new contract will be easily, quotes from President Eisenhower. Suggestions for polls you're running, signal reception reports, music line of stirraccle trivia, answers to questions the arrays about this part of Florida, etc. In all the factions I jokingly refer to myself as the chronic in Coco, he also said a good chocolate chip cookie recipe that he's not mentioning. Thanks, Pally. For I don't live in Coco Beach, it's 12 miles east here on the Atlantic Ocean in way to a Spencer for me, Hurricane prone to. I live humbly in the woods here in Coco, I've no connection whatsoever with any ever can rich puts who may be facing guys from over there. Five. I did not send you any fxes on any subject over the last few weeks. I certainly didn't send you guys anything last week or ever, and connection with a herald radio wars full, the show's ratings versus the ticket race and the etc. I've had fun contributing to the show for many years, we're likely continuing to do so. So if you will, please let me know off Neil off the year that we've been able to see last week and two late last week from up here was not from me. The chronic in Coco wants to keep fasting and calling in when it makes sense to do so. Please don't let Neil erroneously blacklist or badmouth, maybe because somebody else is negative long distance cow pie. Thanks George, sign Russell S. The chronic in Coco. You are home. You apologize for what you've been saying. Forgive me that woman information. I apologize. Okay. Sorry, Russ. George got all the way through and that's just going to be right about you. You're going to take you seriously. What? What you do? No, it was my bad. I saw the hand. I'm got my chronic confused. Well, there's so many of them. You know, it's not like the cars where you hear the voice and you immediately and oh, geez, not again. Like, greater was saying, again, you know. But this, what you saw, you saw it yourself. Yes, I saw it. I didn't make a connection of any sort. Seeing that writing a billion times, always from Rosen and Rosen, PA, whoever that works there. And it's in it's not a Coco beat. It's a trial again. Russ, you're going to have a big apology and send more cookies, please. Right. Right. Right. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Andy, you know, it's the first that did send it. They don't want to come out of the closet. We're not getting no facts from them because we know there is some chronic. Some, uh, the minted soul out there that's all, alterately, they love us. They hate us. They can't make up their mind, you know. And then usually with that vent of meat, you can almost see it on the page. I heard her. Yeah, if you, if you touched it, if you squeeze the paper to a heart, it's burning over here. I heard. Yeah, the blood is like spurting in your head. Well, 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound five 60, leave Verizon, sing it a wireless lines. W 2 A and hello. Thank you. Good afternoon. And back to you. Okay. I'm doing it right now. Uh huh. What do you say, George? How's sex with horses? No. And does it? How can you make that out? How can you even understand what they're telling me? I was thinking they're not getting a word. Oh, well, you're having sex with the urges horse and around. That's right. Could not understand. You probably get a real cell phone. Yeah. I'm sure you can check it. Be good place for this guy. How 5 6, leave Verizon, sing it a wireless line. W 2 A and hello. Hey, you know how you do it. Okay. So someone that few literals out there that understand their shows and entertain me show. Yeah. Yeah. And you're an equally possible, you be interested in doing, um, I'm curious about this. Do you want to debate against Rush Limbar on the view of the politics of the United House? No. Yeah. There's Rush. Yeah. Well, they already contacted him. And he said he's going to not go TV against you any time. Yeah. I'm serious. I'm dead here, still. So what am I care? What am I going to debate? What's the debate? Because people like me, you know, understand the entertainment show. I believe in your politics. Yeah. And the thing you say, um, I mean, I don't know to understand that those people those little heads, you're not going to, you could don't confuse them with the facts. Man, he just goes on and blows a lot of smoke and BS. Whatever he says, they got no mind of their own. It's like it's a religion. But it can't argue with religion as man would get skis. Have a great day. We want you to debate Rush on national television. Right. Left the great politicians do it like John Kerry and George W. Bush and Al Gore and all the other whims. Jesus, God, sir. It's a radio show. It's just a radio show. Nothing in the world is going to change. We actually changed the Harold pool. We turned that around. That it is insignificant as it was and believe me it was. That's, that's, that's our limit. That's the extent of the impact we're going to have on this radio show. I understand it. George understands it. Josh Cortis gets it. The rest of the people in the building couldn't give a crap less. And that's it. It's about time that some of you people after all of these years. God, let's be in the area. You began to understand it too. It's a radio show. Take it or leave it. The price is right. You know, and all these people, oh, it's all bar. Listen, the moment that you say that, the people are saying, what a jackass. What a moron. Who's as somebody holding you at gunpoint. If you don't like it, bye bye. See ya. Go find a life. Go out there and play and track it. Go on how they build the W. Boulevard. Bye bye. Yeah. And Thursday on Lusseballs at 90 euros under a driver and sunrise lace. Just get out of our face. But of course it's how fort or so that can't happen. Mm. We're unhappy and we want to share it with you. You know, it's a place where people love to share. I hate it, give me more. Yeah. Misery loves company. Next to motto is South Florida, baby. Misery loves company. And that's why you don't have mine. That's why I don't want no part of it. No thank you. El Paso. Oh, fast moving forest. Far north of San Diego. Something's on fire. Something is on fire. And it's all over your TV right now. Because it's very important. We important. Okay. Okay. Now the people that are getting all burned up in all and building his body. Crazy rag hands that are all pissed off at some Danish cartoon. That of course so that's another story. Because how dare you be in solving anybody's religion. Even as ludicrous as it may be, which they all are. Find out. Find out. We say goodbye back. End ons on old days. Ends. N D. I can't get more than one Let's see how we try And my age got no It's a black-y-o-for-trot They're a trot, they're a trot And trot, they're a trot I'm so close to the stars I'm alone, it's all my heart I don't want to be a star I'm so close to the stars I'm so close to the stars I'm so close to the stars I'm dying out of the air Good, Golly And that wasn't last year, Paul McCartney John? Yes I mean, is that what we got stuck with now all the old toads? Jesus, we're going to be safe now Go, that's not a question I'd say They're going to like, show me the stuff They want to be safe in the dark I'd like to be like, what are your movies or something? That'd be something You didn't watch it last night, they're trying to be safe You know? I'm telling you, I made the mistake I'm saying about you But even then they believed him out twice And he liked that They got choices head to finger on him I don't even write to them I say, I'm tired of them I don't want to see them I don't want to know from them I don't want to smell them They're musically fine Like, you know, 40 years ago Now go away Amsterdam, no talking signs of being pilfered If you can't beat him, join them It says The city of Amsterdam is begun Spelling recently introduced no talking signs The vibrante the official ones From being stolen as collectors Adam Zashfuchsman said Friday The signs were created as part of an experimental band On smoking marijuana On the street in the barries Is the barriad I don't know what that is One of the city's poor neighborhoods Certainly not in the rest of the city Just in the poor neighborhood The measure was when in the factory Where one was tended Was intended to reduce lordering and petty crime On Wednesday we placed the first sign It was gone by the next morning It's a whim to graph We put up a new one Thursday And it was taken the same as well That's when the idea came to us To just sell them The shrine show two fingers Holding a cone shaped cigarette A small bite marijuana leave on blackback Rout all enclosed within a red circle The city is telling him for 90 euros Each around 110 bucks you less Impense the donate the proceeds to charity We're selling them a not much more than they cost So they spent profits will be modest to graph But he added the city's already had many requests for the signs Then from outside the city marijuana is technically illegal in the Netherlands But police are by the price of giving possession of small amounts It like you know two 300 pounds It's openly sold in this evening It can't faze It's known here for mystically as coffee shops For people of smoke There marijuana outside in the bars Is when I don't know how you say that It's got a J which is sound Risk a 50 year old fine I don't know how you say that Just take it up It is joint I know where the pipe is The pipe The graph set of the signs can be ordered You're using it The signs can be ordered via their website Although it doesn't have what the website Oh it does have it Now if you want to have his own no token signs Simply not ordering them through the city The site says it's in a tongue and cheek And it doesn't have what the website is Maybe the order one I don't want Or Why not? It's only a 60 bucks 110 bucks I want the one that says token www.baer.sjesvarsis.msdm.ml Got it? Got it? Vaer.sjes.msdm.ml 110 bucks I want to say all these folks If we had any audience over there If they were to watch a staggy jackass Is over university Mommy they ought to be putting them up in their dorm rooms When you think if there were any dormitors You and if there were any students Which there aren't What would think You talk about a fancy university man You couldn't find you with both hands You know it? It's just only ZIN I found myself in the middle of it But I don't remember how I got there Yeah 567.056.056.056.0 Verizon SIGITORWIELSLINE www.baer.sjesvarsis.msdm.ml Not there Okay that was it That was our last call The dial tone I'm not even a good one Sound like the underwater dial tone What is the story there These people just all Just passed off from that And Getting last night We learned that phenomenal Monday What was it two weeks ago Where we just walked a wall crazy call Yeah, and now today Now this today is like Fall off or cliff Go and over to you And you're a cliff And then we get to go and call Back once to You know we can't wait to find out When my funeral is going to be All these people who want to come and honor Well what kind of crap is that? Just stay there Hello, let me alone Okay Man, all these clean-ons They all want to piece you Believe me 946.0 What did I tell you about? Why do I want to talk about Have a thousand and I tell you that? Yeah, that in 40 cents will buy your phone call Very sparse today A very sparse gathering And that's called all these people are in the bag From my snide Plus a lot of them lost their ass Which will teach them about the NFC team The NFC sucks WQAM Hello WQAM Hello WQAM Hello Sounds like you crying out for me Yeah WQAM Hello There's no to sign Got any call sounds Good to maybe that's the reason for We put the filter on a QAM Hello The George offered a challenge 567.056 The last call for calls Then I'm going to my panel and go and Raman straight on through Because you're a performance That the on the ass end of this show Is the worst I've heard in years The ad when you great? Oh, are you kidding me? Not even close Good God This is like a train wreck here today But I put myself with a pin Holy crap, man Well, of course we don't have anything to build on the pool today And they're all through the game I guess they exhausted themselves last week But voting 500 times a piece on it A great co-tech at the end of the road They're fingers You see that's it we have like our moments of glory They're last week and now I just hope we got left as the old glory hall That's all we got left Just pathetic WQAM Hello QAM Hey, I got nothing to put Okay, good WQAM Hello Okay, how right along? WQAM Hello How are you doing? All right Talk to me on the normal Excuse me Speaking Okay, paley Man, you're so cool I'm not finishing the overtime Okay Yeah, what? Yep Okay Good one WQAM Hello Hi Hi, I'm Yep How are you doing? Everybody's talking about the stones Performance at home No, they're not We had two people talk about it I said, well, I'm here and other Other station and whatever Well, but the station is for Christy What kind of nonsense is that? Hey, sometimes I'm a dumbass What kind of thing? Exactly, we'll kind of get some help How about narrowing levels in the national anthem Yeah Did you, and by the way Mr. Keibler's all then he wants his chip back Who? WQAM Hello No, it's reached the level now We're so bad it's camp It's so bad that it's in zero No, it's beyond camp No, you're right In fact, let's send them all there Can't put me funny Let's send them all the camp How about Auschwitz sounds good 560 560 Town 560 in the Verizon Sinking, keep them coming baby By the dozen WQAM Hello Okay, that was an inside job Here that's coming from programming WQAM Hello Roger the T-A-Fat WQAM Hello Some of these cars are all Okay Oh, two hand users are gone David One time for that break 20 to one This is the new Roger I've got a ride This is 560 You want to watch the solids People get wind And they saw the camping game And they told they can't live with their wind And the soda can't have kept it boys People don't mind in the soda can't have And there are two some new people No one in the soda can't have got it Jesus, two people don't mind in the soda Can't have never let it run People don't mind in the soda can't have made And they can't get up Wow It's a soda game It's white Boy I just couldn't Oh, sounds like a mole Yes, it's not Every time we see It's the way God wants to speak Once they take the city And cover it, it's the sweet Re-making game Re-making game Re-making game Re-making game Because he wants to make new or leave too soon And I have tried what people are saying Like N.C. Jackson We have flat people It's common to know Show the God is there Me, compares the boat to low air We want the farm Track the day We want the day Yes, we need to take Re-making game Re-making game Because he wants to make new or leave too soon It's hard for us to come together This time was to rebuild A new relance The one that should be Uptown All the way over the old This city Will be shortly A shortly new ors He never takes the blame For anything to say Shot me That's the end of the boat That shopman in some coffee And a full of wine ball There's Re-making game You know I can Re-making game Because he wants to make new or leave too soon You can't have new ors No other way It was the main straw It's here one Thank God for that 1245 At QM I just put it out these two poles On a worst top 40 hits Longer boat I don't understand what we did Probably wasn't it We still can take it to base And the list are the same songs Just with different numbers Why would we do it? We did I don't know I don't remember either Well I'll be there Well that's possible I guess We ran for two days Well that's a good idea Let's write for like two months Or week And the end result was McRena and Aki-Breaky Hard A flat-footed tie Roll my god 150 of piece So let's just have a pull with those two And after that Feeling as if you let my lifeward tie would Ninety three of piece Yeah, I was going to vote for feelings I think I did before More a soundbert How about her balkard A lot of insurance and brass You got feelings Feeling So that's awful More a soundbert I was very an Albert the cat Was it an Albert the cat or Morris the cat Morris You know they're Larry box once on Morris the cat And is a very old age Valerie Not Larry's What a nice talk Who's like a box I couldn't even hear it My friend Larry box and this is the box He just a guy Some old Gigi Oh come on More a little bit He's going to make my lunch come back at me Wow From John Baker by the way Which we think in profusely birth We're going to have ton of great food Did you share with a rest of the building all our weird things? We're going to rest of the building and people You haven't seen him long time I or kingdom people came over here tonight Oh cross the street I thought maybe you meant the starving guys down the street No like we want to have an Alan Brown Maybe we're like hold on Yeah, a little some of the special honor for them No, we're telling the homeless people downstairs But we didn't give in Oh well, I could be from across the street Which of these best describes you average 257 We got 900 and 74 votes We're going to have 1000 by the top of the R Write it down on your armpit Okay? Have somebody wait about your bluff cheek Back to it average 257 Right on the mill Yeah, you like that I have no life on it in the 70 I have no lives at all the people we're talking to today Keep in mind the street Keep you safe Our hot stud 74 Yeah, you should live so long Maybe four and the other 70 forget about it Fat Slav 60 Lazy turret 50 A computer nerd 49 I'm a fat you 48 Neurotic 42 a 404 that's up to 441 percent Are you proud? Okay Old troll 28 Redneck 28 Races 20 Young punk 19 A closet case 16 Screaming queen You're fair for a team Wallflower 14 Chocolate 13 Ainal 11 Hepled bitch 11 Finilla 4 Monograving bitch 3 Gothic 2 and mocha Solonete uno but there is one We got one mocha latte Probably some venerum is lunch hour from down the Niranji area I'm a lot 978 22 more votes will have a thousand Retton money, boy, we're kicking ass We're kicking at real ancient style these days, aren't we? Okay How about the vuster shorts? How's he doing? Bling it Is he doing the blingling? WQAM hello Hey don't you All right Hey, I know you're a bit scared of me You're a bit scared of me Yes I am Football But you're one of the bizarre cool in the game that is stupid You know a call on Florida Sports Show is not talking about all the bad calls in the game Talk about it That's here about that Yeah If anybody deserves to be almost didn't get that game because of a bad calls Was the steers on two horrendous calls in that game Were they almost let the colds back in or went to the end game Because it looked to me like that game was fixed Like the fix was in 560 560 Tom and what would they have done? I mean, we are nobody talks about that though What would they have done? If process progression we try to make that incredible last second tackler And the colds would not gain based on Tom and evidence that was overturned And then actually, oh we made a bad mistake What would they have done in NFL? They prestige you sin NFL To joke It's all a big joke And then the worst part of his thing are replaying And they look at the replay and they still get it wrong Remember that game Josh, you guys looked through the replay for like about 10 minutes It's still got it wrong And came back, yeah Well, I decided that he grabbed the other guys ass And then he slipped of all our word of mundo shine And then as soon as we saw that in the NFL's ball It's incomplete And the next day at least is, well, we are apologizing We made a bad mistake And the steers won anyway, yeah, Yamama So joke WKOM Hello You know, everybody talking about they found a oil off Cuba And the water is in Cuba Really? Yeah, I know And then what company old you? Trying to get in there fast Yeah, I wonder how jet bus is going to pander this time Or the bus, they change the really huge deposit under there And I'm thinking there's a big deposit, yeah I'm thinking Canada too, I've been the sand They should have these are four McMirror, something on the yard And we're in the out of the story about oil in the sand Maybe he's trying to grab it Well, you just wait man, what can it invade America then you'll see Then you're going to see the stuff fly And then the river ain't Cuba, I'll leave up the dead Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, but of course the person told us that we're going to work Fevercy now and alternative sources of energy We're not going to depend on anybody's idea Oh yeah, ha ha ha ha ha And it was sanded with a straight face tour At least with that usual Alfredi Newlin face anyway WKOM, hello It's a bad enough today for a 560560 pound-560 in the Verizon and SIGGETER Wireless Line WQAM, hello Nail's Fire Report Yes Did you ever happen to catch Jimmy Kimmel line that's Dip at Lake Maggio No, I don't want you to Jimmy Kimmel Thank you Don't blame me, we'll read you a film with on a bad day Oh no, no, no, no And I read you's got him to send a do-ed with him What's that old song? Baby it's cold outside or something It's big enough for us Yeah Yeah, yeah And at the end of the song Readers kiss Jimmy Kimmel on the lips Oh my god Wow That's if I don't know what his words kiss and register Kiss and Jimmy Yeah Yeah, well after all those years with Kathy Lee may have turned We just need other direction, you know I don't get it, is there something there we don't know Well, maybe he's not given, maybe that's what that was all about 560560 He's just turned 110, but he's adamant man He's staying on it, he thinks he's leading a fan Who we're going to keep him on that show until he croaks I mean I like Readers, he's okay, but let's face it There's another guy Yeah, they minimal, I mean a minimal amount of telego Always talking to his teeth, you know, like this Yeah, I don't know Kind of like Eric Reed there to go Oh, I let me ask Josh a question I'm looking down, I heard that promo The humble heard the promo I looked at that sheet there, it says Hank on Wednesday The heat show at 830 with Randy Fund The PFU and D for Prof. Fund That's right What happened to Ira? I'm going to get, am I going to get blamed now for chasing Ira off to station Or what's that all about? Who the hell is Randy for Fund? Who is he? We don't know Yeah, he's, uh, I don't know his title, but I mean, well, what is his writing? He's part of the organization? He's sure he'd organization He's part of the organization I mean, I'm sure Ira will be on, you know I'll be on the next round I was heard about the location or something Is that it? Is that the deal? Fund that needs some funds I see, and Chris always on the payroll It would be just like the, you know, The thing that Greg Coetax would be like, if we had Ira win Bag and a son, send him to the same kind of a pool Well, or with the credibility be? You know what I'm saying? Oh, it's just for fun, could I know Yeah, but we didn't want that, and I was the one he used Weirdly Yeah, we didn't expect to turn all weird in all that And the other guys to win by 7,000 some votes Too bad Greg, you idiot By the way, he's been he's the GM of the heat The general mangrove of the heat That's right Didn't they just get beat by a girl's team at the time? They lost their hands They had their hands Bad, the nets Jesus Christ They're really like the Leafs losing the wash into the calves 5, 6, 7, let's do some hockey talk We love the pants Oh, that's a hockey talk I was thinking about that yesterday I was in the shower this morning thinking about it And I thought to myself And see, it's your fault because you should have talked me out of it You should? Yes, you should have screamed bloody murder You've got to stop doing this Hey, you were looking at it I know, you're right And by the way, I didn't have an opinion of my own Even though I thought it was boring No, the audience was fighting for them Not really Not really Nothing like you've ever did Got such a rage I don't know something about human nature I'm speaking to that about writing I'm sure you've seen the pictures on your screen There are the people in the... I don't... I don't did it I didn't because Pittsburgh ain't got much anyway Pittsburgh sucks But there are celebrating the streets There are like thousands and thousands and thousands of people in Pittsburgh Running around screaming, carrying on because this team is going to superbowl Okay? All right, follow what I'm saying Uh-huh Now if you would ask the same people to go out and demonstrate Because there are thousands of innocent people And they're not going to be lying in a rack And because the government's a god I'm not going to leave a war And illegal occupation of a sovereign country How many of those people do you think would have gone out there About 30 minutes Doing straight to see what I'm saying? So thank God, the American people We really got their priorities in order All right, if it's about some kind of a stupid ass ball game Hey, we won't wear it up there Especially, you know, all this other crap, you know And it got the terrible towels out there And they're all carrying on like a modern copain heat, you know Like Bill Curry with his Voting and Bob Cudsma How do I remember those people from KDK? Those were the days, baby KDK, eh? 1256, let's talk for about ten minutes about John the Baker show We were two locations for you and we're fine, and then cook for she You want to talk about the great food you guys just in? I'm still having it, what are you talking about? I've even gotten to the cookie I've finished mine, I haven't got to the pizza yet Fantastic pizza with our family Great family salad, Italian food, oversized portions The pizza is similar to best anywhere in the world And world famous garlic rolls is size of your arm and they're so big And that's why John the Baker is the absolute best Come as you are, just go in there like a slab like me And bring the whole family any day the week Down home Italian favorite slozania, chicken parmesan, veal and peppers Canaloni, oversized hot and cold subs Wait to try the famous sloppy sausage sub, do you have the sloppy sausage? Not late, like I've seen some And of course you can't see enough about the pizza Also fantastic in John the Baker's low family prices too John greats all the customers personally of you day because John the Baker you're like part of the family Stop by for fantastic pizza, family style Italian food And John's world famous garlic rolls absolutely the best there is anywhere John the Baker you'll find them like I said two locations for you One 25 92 pines, Boulevard and Pemper pines And new location just opened at 8835 strolling road At the strolling in Pinaon Cooper city For takeout in Pemper pines called 954 431 4315 and a Cooper city It's 954 252 0091 It doesn't get any better than the fantastic At the categories at John the Baker all for you guys And the two by all though The No No This is by 16 Who could say You're going Stop on to 211 Hi very Walter Come to bed Billyman Your husband's both for crongat And you are Pleas list all What John a John No Ben I mean Is that you Ben There I'm your wife Remember Oh that's right It's time to come some late the marriage Oh I love it when you do the increment thing And speaking of the increment The thing All right Here we go Oh yes That's right Who's your friend Yes It appears By a sudden by Rocket Ready for a stop And free To One We have a list all Walter Are you finished It appears So that's the way They're fighting not 2,000 6 I'm Walter Grungat Tonight It's a fire It will be about a Just 147 You're only 2Bad I'll spare them And that's magic That's Jim Alberto Gonzalez Vio 5 Oh that's That's the program by linking It's existence Yeah, leave this Okay, you fascist you Not see bass Okay And that's the kid's ass And it was someone in my kids With someone in my wids Dogs Gritton defies US With funding to boost safe abortion services And they like this The Brits The bloody Brits finally get it together Finally growing a backbone The British government Today publicly defied the US by giving money for Save abortion services And developing countries to organizations that have been cut off from American funding Nearly 70,000 women of girls died last year Because they went to back street abortionist Hundreds of thousands of other suffered serious injuries Oh, and before I go into this Let me just say this The talking edge shows yesterday morning Yeah Airbees seem a lot of me including that Also Chris Matthews with a crooked mouth David Gregory from NBC News All of them Every single one of them Oh, well, you know, they're right about the Palestinians And about how mass and they're right not to deal with them Who are the ones that set up this whole Ballony about democratic governments So right and then when we don't like to resolve the election Well, we're not dealing with you We're not giving any money You've got to recognize this Really, you've got to make nice and they eat some hall of law And they start eating a home entouching on poor women Stuff like that which by the way when is poor Did we go through this already? Is it March? It's February or March I think it's in this month this year If we have another form go up by and you haven't even home entouching It's going to be your bad All the other halberstans always send over nice Yeah, good old name halberstam Well, halbey All kinds of treats in there too Yeah, I got out of there to get the high blood I got to go over salt I got to go over three Why? Okay, calm down, halbey The British government is defined me West nearly 70,000 women in girls died last year Because they went to backstreet abosiness Hundreds of thousands of other suffered serious injuries Critics of America's aid policies say Some might have lived with the US And now what's wrong? Funding from clinics that provide safe services Or that simply tell women where to find them The global gag roll is its becoming almost imposed by Your fascist president George W. Bush in 2001 It requires any organization applying for US funds To sign an undertaking not to counsel women on abortion Other than advising against it or provide abortion services You came today became the founder donor of a fund that set up specifically To attend to replace the laws dollars and increase safe abortion services The entire world people are dying all over the world And not just a butchering that's going on with a single invasion The single occupation But all the other crap that they're doing Africa with the AIDS Everything you name it Unless you go along with Arne and I'm going to throw all aboard again Christian philosophical crap Then we're not going to lift the finger to help you Yamama, croak The department for international development Contributes 3 million pounds over two years The FID and the international pan-parenthood Federation Who's clinics across the world of suffered badly Because of the Bush ruling Hope that others especially the Scandinavians The Dutch and Canadians will be involved in the put money in two They I think the UK is being very brave and progressive And making this commitment said Steve Sending directed general The IPPF to say PPP We're deeply grateful for this gesture Not only financially but also politically Tens of thousands of women who depend on their services We'll not be able to get them We're committed to the expansion of safe abortion because in any society No matter how efficiently contraception is made available The re-unplant and unwanted pregnancy George Yeah The global gag he said increased the number of unsafe abortions By stopping funding the clinics that primarily provide contraception What I've never been able to figure out about American policies And that's why they persist in cutting down funding organizations They're about preventing unwanted pregnancies Oh God, prevent because the Pope don't like it either They're always ready to get their all the gifts he's made It's all one anti-human thing Here are some a little piece of it news Although we got bad news at the end of it this story New fame Vermont Among votes to I never heard of that did you No I heard of Brattleboro Among votes to approve the budget and education spending At town meetings residents will wait in the National Waters and vote from the floor For the impeachment of President George W. Bush Select board member Dandy Wall wrote the town meeting resolution Gather enough signatures to get the question on the ballot The vote for impeachment will be taken from the floor Too bad it's not binding on the whole country The wall city wasn't going to bring any evidence to new fainting Cleaning that the people of the town know enough about Bush's president Seed of over on the resolution If voters approve the resolution The wall city is the last US representative Bernie Sanders independent of Vermont Which we've got some bad news about him in a minute To file the article of impeachment to remove the president from the office We have an immoral government operating illegally The wall city I feel morally compelled to act And this is the article I'm thinking of on their town meeting in March Whereas George W. Bush has won Missed the nation about a rat's weapons and mass destruction To miss the nation about ties between the Rack and Alcada Three use these falsehoods to lead our nation into war on supported by international law For not told the truth about American policy with respect to the use of torture and five Has directed the government to engage in domestic spying into our controversial US law Therefore the voters of the town of Newfamous that are represented to the US House of Representatives File articles of impeachment to remove him from office How do you like that? Good old Bernie Sanders good man. Good Bernie. Well Must be just a coincidence, you know US representative Bernie Sanders was taken away from on hospital yesterday After collapsing at a service for a soldier killed an Iraq Sanders the state's only congressmen was taken northwestern medical center in St. Alvins after failing ill Some of the afternoon at immemorial in the nearby town of Richford said Valerie Martell Nursing supervisor at the hospital I wonder if she's can devalory bricknelly Sanders keep his staff Jeff Weaver said Sanders being checked for flu symptoms and dehydration Sanders wife has been fighting the flu in recent days It's just a little flu, you know Like remember Jack Ruby was in jail. He got like a little little little and it turned into cancer He died in about five minutes and I always thought he killed him. I had the car crash The congressman was attending the funeral a sergeant Joshua Johnson A Vermont National Guard member killed in Western Iraq in January Richard Mercy the commander of the American Legion post in Richford said the service was held at a credit High School gymnasium and what does this report of that same is got a police state before falling ill It was hot in there and somebody sitting near him on the other pole of system said he was sweating It's just got to be a coincidence it's not that he's gonna be the one getting that the resolution to impeach the president Yeah Johnson and 99 graduate of the high school was a member of the third battalion 177 infantry regiment based in Jericho Vermont He was killed in a rocket attacking the Western Iraq City of Ramadi January 25 Mercy said the service continued after Sanders was taken a hospital Sanders a long time socialist is held Vermont soul house seat as an independent since 1990 We were set the congressman walked to an ambulance. It was expected resumous schedule this week including making campaign staffs and his bid for the US Senate seat now held by independent James Geffords his retiree good guy Bernie Sanders. Let's say a little brocha for a mok Tower of our Rm ended just watch it Joyce is monitoring all that yet is now. Yeah, right. She's on to you We're gonna have to hold man. I'm telling you there. There is something in the air today There is something it's just shocking after I need them, but it's just you amazed it's kind of funny although it is Monday Not a Monday like any other I'll tell you then and I'll know that that 50 page facts that we got from our friend the chronic in total That kind of like spice that up for me and then the guy again who was waiting for the invitation my funeral He has a casket for you. Yeah, it's just gonna test it. It's a moment to cast one yeah 1000 and 14 votes take a pubic at that. Huh? Are you impressed or what? 1000 mc. Old bean We got one mokin person and two gothic and four money grabbing bitches. I'm not gonna read the whole result Superondress all aligning the category other than averages I have no life so that's your slain lot you about these calls that it that's our crowd the lifeless W2AM hello real yes, sir It's a one of the cool you just to say thank you very much for the call. How are you that you and nice fake voice No, I'm sure you got a really good show and you're very okay. How are you then we're gonna miss accent Is this the same one from last week the lifeguard accent Yeah Like I said just to thank God it was always a boring story. See we are gonna do this for if I didn't have this pile I had to go every day through like 10,000 these calls man. Oh man I think then I could live up to that guy's wish I could I could announce the date for my funeral I could about two weeks But just gonna task it bring out that casket man. Have a look at it and open a casket And people come by my spit on you know that's how fortify All of you want to make those spinning sounds Come on let's play that and then we'll follow with the original condolizer. Let's go come on let's have some colonies on How much soil myself? Okay, would you really yeah? Well, I'll just see He promised Josh keep an eye on it. I got the candle ready. Okay, we're here Oh What a good idea Or two thing hold the soil How many Q a m hello? W Q a m hello Hello, yes A couple things I worked for a fresh pasta company when forstuck and if we write now I'm delivering three cases of Aciago cheese bread name veto and the leany and I got a good idea if we want to evolve So worst inventions of the last 25 years start to list off with car alarms Okay, that's now. Okay. Pretty weak veto and the leany Mind your mind yeah He's a simple and a leany even to be afraid of him. He's simple. Yeah 567.0560 Town five 60 only Verizon singular wireless nine W Q a m hello Yeah, I want to say how to nail yeah, you're speaking at all. Oh, I knew listen with that cap Get the right to bury face down to your face your friends breaking I I New and Fred. Yeah, excellent Reckham five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 only Verizon singular why and I hit just keep on coming baby We're not gonna stop now man when we come back 50,000 calls in a row Oh no, I got I guess I'm really heavy to be stuff in my pile here like man down's 173 chicken wings to win contest Joey chestnut really that's ridiculous What? Well, maybe it may be ridiculous, but happens to be true I may have to stick that one in there just to be where we get back to our 50,000 phone calls It's for the super roll we order 200 and I had like eight people on them dating with ancient yeah But he had 173 Joey chestnut Who's roasting out an open fire right now? That king cool, so they built one out or what oh he was middle very melony. He oh I've taken another one You know that this guy's in with it was old time TV clips on it. Yeah You know it's how Jackie Greason was changed smoking on the year. That's right and carry more a lot of those people on there They were always changed smoking on there and of course they're all everyone on dead now all the people are just a smoke on here They're all dead He the dead. No, it's not a coincidence Toughen on two million in faggot's man. Another all dead Know that promo to Jackie Greason was doing for whatever it was puffin away and puffin away and then they had Arthur God for you open up that That oven and they had their whole budget using there to see that Yeah, you look close enough. Hollywood opened it up and it was a whole bunch of Jews in there Oh 113 at five 60 what an anti semantic jackass he was how why yeah how why yeah? How I am sure you watch that right? Is he like he looked like not only not he looked like how do you do to you on a bad day? But it was a quite the ass at just when he was he exuded it. Yeah, he was a major ass And a virulent anti semi that's why the people on the beach like him so much Maybe because he's dead. He wasn't even a half ass for what I could do hey if you're in a dead And he fired a while who do you this La Rosa on the air right? You know that's sorry But the Brian told me all about it. He fired him on the air on a live show Yeah, well, you know it's time for you to move on and but we probably just unbelievable Do this La Rosa well he's probably still a good Google on that Do you know this La Rosa? What can he sing or what if you're an a dead end job like Julius La Rosa if you're underpaid If you knew your's resolution to get you out of that dead end job to get you out of your right and get you a real piece of a work Call fast train right now at eight six advanced train they get to train the ready for a great new high pain career And a life that goes along with having some cash and just a few short months That's right the demand for medical coding space. So it's in computer professionals right now is it an all-time high So fast train offers ever you pardon still Julius La Rosa still I have any like that Heart there God frees for him up pansies and Julius La Rosa is still alive Fast train offers can be a day eating a weekend classes job placement as just in submanentially for people to qualify Pick up that phone to call fast train toll free at one eight six fast train They placed over a hundred people just like you in 2005 check fast train on the web at fast train dot com But act now to get that new high-pink career because classes are filling up mighty fast Don't miss that train of opportunity this year hop on it call one eight six six fast train to make your new Years resolution to get a life a reality this year you can get off of that list there. It says I have no life I have no right I get in the big uh real career in a big paycheck one eight six six fast train and speaking of life Let's be sure and tell them that I'd wreck totally the call Six And we so much don't hear we We should try to get inside To wait till this dawn We find we will try to catch And take this from first To wait till this dawn And I'll make Mr. Guy white Rectom, tell him, it's down there, kill number 20 after one, it's fine, since you know what you're going to be picking out our good buddy, Ron Jeremy, okay? Why not? No, I decide to Like I said, go ahead and pick out Ron Jeremy Alright, tell the crap Man down, oh, I might have a lot of money We want to have a duck for somebody who faxed me to many from John the Baker because of the piece of copy Do we have a copy of this? Yes, we do Copy something to the fan Can I make a point? We like to have a copy of this, let me look around Well good, I guess it faxed me that because I want to do a really great job for them Because they got great food And they're nice to us and we like them and they like us And we want to make sure it does make a lot of money So they hit online I'm not a good piece of copy But anyway Man down, 173 chicken wings to win contest And Josh don't believe it There's a picture of the guy here He actually looks a human, you know like a guy Yeah, it's like a fat guy No, okay A 20-year-old from San Jose, California Joy Chestnut One, the win ball on Friday by setting a new record at the annual chicken wing eating contest He ate Joy Chestnut 8173 wings To take the title and top prize A 2006 Suzuki Grand Veterra As usual, a 14th annual win ball was replaced with thousands of beer crazed Fans, piles of saucy wings Doesn't their scantily clad wing gets Many of them strippers And several chicken content contestants This year's version of the contest Sponsored by Sports Talk Station WIP and Philadelphia What that's not our station Is it is that the one at the visa zone? I don't know Sounds like the whip He fooded Only competitors would never be for completed in the wingball Chestnut qualified for the sold out event by Downing a gallon of milk in 41 seconds A gallon He's going to be upset about that You know how much it's going to be? Gowan is? Yeah, I know how much it is, it's a gallon There's a lot Wait, that's impossible Let me say it again, okay? We used to be asking if you associated press lies, Mr. HotChash Why are you a fuller crap? I shot to the AMP and they tell it like it is You can't break a gallon of milk in the air He had a black-to-hiltroor 41 seconds Well, he threw up that Well, it didn't say whether he pooped it up or not Maybe he drank twice I said, I don't know He said it's twice as nice He said no, he's dead about a second time around Anyway, he had 173 chicken wings And he's got the big crown on his head Wingball 14 or whatever it says there And he looks like he's almost in his right mind Almost being the opposite You know That's a feather In fact, you got that Trump Trump thing there All these different amounts of Yeah, what is that all about? It's just me Or everybody's complaining Everybody's a fat is a pig And we're dying everybody's got diabetes Listen, listen And at the same time it's like We admire people who are looking for their Piggery for being fat slums Yeah, all this guy's not fat slums yet But he's working on it It's a professional sport with a league They're called Gurgitators I said it Who did mole? Who did mole? But that's the beating Right I guarantee you the moment would have been there today He'd have been your best friend Oh, don't don't don't He'd have been biting him I thought those other heaters were there From John the Baker I offered him a couple times Yeah And No, no, no No, no, no, no No dice That guy's six to the Five, sixty pound five, sixty in the Verizon Sing your wife Let's wind these up and crank him through Right till two What do you say? Crank him through till two All right, I'll start right We'll dispense with the commercials with everything With a promos But it was long rejoins ago on for about five minutes You know, you ought to go in a hallway If thirds ever shows up And you just need to snata No There's damn rejoins ago Ah, I mean at one that we had there before It's like a whole damn Why not just replay the whole show We have important things to promote Jesus, King, Christ, man Him too Look at that I'm getting ready to crank up these calls They're not on the board I'm getting ready to crank up these calls They're not on the board I'm getting ready to crank up these calls They're not on the board We got a thousand, some votes on the pool That's where they're all busy 1,000, 36 Which of these best describes you? Average to 70 I have no life 180 Hot stud 79 Fat slob 65 I guarantee you the two number be a lot more than that Lazy 351 I'm a fat you 51, that's me Computer 350 Narodic 45 Julio 43 Redneck 31 Or a troll 29 Races 22 Young punk 20 Plaza case 19 Chocolate 15 Screaming Queen Screamer Flamer 14 Franchor 14 Anel 12 Patre old bitch 12 Vanilla 6 Money grabbing bitch 4 Gothic 3 And mocha sold him a dino 36 We got a workout in mocha audience Lot So I think Okay 72 I am hello Say, baby Don't you QAM hello Yeah, you're doing there Okay And a new fresh idea for a pool What about the sexy seniors? Yeah You can Ha ha 72 I am hello Well, gentlemen QAM That was Alan Brown by the way, doing a voice You know, yes sir Two to four still open Yeah, what do you want? You going to do it? Yeah, still open man, why open? WQAM hello Yes What's that thing you're talking about in the paper today If you drive from Detroit The many sin city in Windsor What do you know about Windsor? Sucks First of all, hey, the very thing is to buy you in Detroit You go go go No, no, no, no It's right across the river, it's Windsor Ontario It sucks They got strip clubs there They got strip clubs there And they got their own casino They got Windsor race track And it sucks That's all Is it a dirty towel? It's not that the best It's your right nothing to write home about They got strip clubs there That's also that's a big claim to fame It's not like my amy right What meaning what? Is there any place like mine? It's great compared to my amy I've done it And for the right now, go see Marty Adler Windsor race track Go see Jason Gail Or a deal storm 560 560 560 570 The only reason I do that is it's chicken neck That's the only reason I do it Oh, he loves it He rolls up I know it, it's all for him All for him Yeah He can gobble up all the old trolls from TV Actually, that thing you sent me was pretty boring Yeah, I still have it a little classic TV It was Arthur God I had only about it I had only about it Before Bokebroke I watched it together because I don't know for many of those people I mean Robert Kulu was so good for about 30 seconds But it was under like forever And he was sitting on the floor doing a spot for Mazzol oil Well, it was like a message in that I thought it was that all about it Jesus, I don't know I don't know what kind of TV what were they thinking Yeah And then he adds for the Westinghouse Which is like I told you, Westinghouse was one of the worst That said the first TV we ever had was a Westinghouse And it was most of the time Westing I like the line that it has every two required No, we're not We're not the two, in other words It's not a missing a couple of tubes that need stop work Actually, actually you're going to picture on it And that crap about no vertical or horizontal knot If it didn't have we'd ever watched TV Right, because the horizontal hold on ours was perpetually out of a TV repairman Practically moved into the house Westinghouse It was a piece of crap But then again We would ask whether or not it's been this Are they still in business with this thing house? I think that's right They're still in all those radio stations They're going to be busy And they almost bought WI and Z once upon a time Wow, how soon they forget WQAM? Hello Daniel, how are you today? Okay sir I don't know if you, anybody already mentioned it on the show today But I heard from a very reliable source The last warehouse will be closing its doors Sometime around June Not the one in North Miami Beach Oh yeah And I think it's very good There's been a film What do you think of condominium of course? Well thank God for that That place has been her way too long Since 1954 we'll be calling with the original Like I said, way too long I still think the food's great But the prices are way too high Okay, well listen, we'll find a real good diner for you But the last time I got caught with this I called them and they said that was completely bogus But in other words, you don't like paying so much So they're not closing up a June Frasko, Austin, closing this guy's a liar And no job for a block of tour Just a trouble maker The one in Bokus closed And even though we're probably still the walls that rolls there Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't Fine, most of those doors have to close up It's because the old, old, trolls come in And they like still everything They still are still the silverware They still are sweet and low, they still Oh, here's the menu for our John Baker Thank you very much What a great menu They get all that baby cow, he'll sell a veneveal catch A trivial cutlet, sausage in peppers And that pepper and chini Oh, no, stop these sausage from a John Oh, that sounds so good You don't understand? There are a few things in life like sloppy sausage And it's already 1.29 And I got a way over for the break But then again we're talking about food You know me Oh Yeah We always like to chop it up 29 after what a queue is when it comes to mattresses A lot of gimmicks, the latest are sleep numbers Otherwise known as air mattresses Talk about sleeping on a bunch of hot air They're only warranted in full for two years They squeak, they pop, they could lose their setting During the night And it costs you a fortune If you want a really hot quality brand They mattressed at the last few for years And years and then call it great folks at Dilemma, Chris at 1 800 mattress When you call 1 800 mattress You'll get no one around's no BS No showrooms shenanigans Just factory direct prices on the best range You know what I'm trust in love When you call 1 800 mattress You'll choose from Florida's largest inventory Of silly, you serve a Simmons King Quill Temporary to concerns about foster you And already for same day delivery And prices over the in so called big name Chains through is even during their big sales Call 1 800 mattressing, you have the bed you want to live in the date and time You want it and the two are delivery window You pick it, you pick it and they chew it So many people ask you how to satisfy customers Including yours truly Call today 1 800 mattress right now Log under their website Macros.com They easiest as smart as pieces Chopin can ever do sit right on your fan Ask right where you are now Call 1 800 MATTRES Leave off the last as because it stands for Sensational Stupendis saving This is Neil Rogers This is 5162A Neil, this is Randy West If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy You should try girls No I'm sleeping in the park Just trying to take a swim I got foam in the jar It left me black and blue I'm hurt so bad I'm coughing up blood Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs Don't know why this happens I took the most sugarhead Takes a ball They will happen They left me here today I've got an ass But they high on drugs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs I'm lying here Can't hold a move They took those baseball bets And swung them like they grew Like to ask the parents why They raised their kids this way Got lots of prison time They'll be the price they pay Put them in jail With all those other funds Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs So I guess the best way to find out if the rest of us is going to be open in June is go there Right Right Are you wrestling? And that guy's probably in He's probably across the street Maybe he's going to go try to pedal and subspots Or maybe he just had some bad bull or grister Give anishments They have grits there I'm sure hope not You're a Jewish grits Just that's what I always do I grip my teeth when I think of that place That's in the US problem Sonny is the 20 gallons of oranges He's pouring on his nice pants And anyway A place for real barbarians Miramar man charged in sexual battery A bedbomb patient at assistant living facility Hollywood Georgia's home Hollywood What a really classy place Showed up Oh, that's some heavy booby stuff here How 35 year old Miramar man laid Sunday was charged with sexual battery A bedbomb patient at assistant living facility Even Sally fits in the responsible batteries Like those Here's what Captain Tony Roti Police folks have been said Happened around 10pm Sunday At Bay Point Terracis assistant living facility He's Hollywood Studying where near you Yeah Sure It is Thereabouts Wow I wouldn't that big a place And employee called police And house not I mother lived in Hollywood over there And sterling roger all the old guest keys And you know, you know, you know, anywhere where she lived Absolutely, I did In fact, where she was Hollywood The other side of the street was David Right? And the other side of the street was the Ark Oh, man Even though it won't eat there And employee called police about a possible cycle attack On a 57 year old patient of the facility Investigation revealed that while the night nurse Was making a routine bed checks She walked into the patient's room and witnessed a man And the act of committing sexual batteries on the victim The man immediately jumped off the victim And shot at the nurse Don't tell anyone Don't tell anyone That it got his picture here To Dwightbert Ard Chaplin As the suspect ran from the room in the nurse's office No Mocha Latte Brody said the patient suffers from dementia His ViPower and has psychomotor retardation along with the pressure She was treated to the transport of the sexual assault treatment center Dwight Bernard was arrested in the facility In charge of a one kind of sexual battery On a victim of a 12 years of age Special conditions of one court probation violation or whatever And it could go to what again I don't know if she's enjoying it Consol as the fans of the Gallia surveillance And Arlin inspectors said, ah But Arlin is here's going back again now He looks dangerous off the cable Attorney General Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Don't call me Jose Maine as or or Vavila J. Jr Incited this morning that President Bush's fully empowered To eves drop out of Americans without warrants as part of the war on terror He exorbitant Congress not to end or tinker with a program Not to grant tinker with it And they're why I have to say to him Yamama Yeah Beiner maybe two mother day would be appropriate Yeah two mother day is correct Gonzalez strong defensive bushes program which challenged by Republican Center Arlin's specter he of magic bullet fame Chairman of the judiciary committee and committee democrats also had challenged during Sometimes contentious questioning Which of course they didn't show on CNN they were too busy at so anything but that Because it's not good for business I assure she spent that Spectator Gonzalez that even a Supreme Court had ruled that the president does not have a blank check Spectator suggested that the program's the guilty be reviewed by a special federal court set up by the 1974 and Intelligence surveillance act under President Jimmy Carter There are a lot of people who think you're wrong What do you have to lose if you're right specter as Gonzalez the attorney general sidestep the question directly Just saying obviously we would consider and always consider methods of fighting the war effectively against al Qaeda Which is a total on secorded as nothing to do with a question However, he said the court was already quite familiar with the program. He also said he didn't take the 70 law need to be modified and said Gonzalez to end the program Now would afford our enemy dangerous and potential deadly new room throughout relation within our borders And of course the obvious question is how many people they've arrested the I forget how many thousand people would have seen no terrorists None all the big They'll come up with something Now, well, I want to just arrest everybody they're working on it The model president claims he has the authority to order certain surveillance spectators said I am skeptical of that interpretation Committees Democrats who generally consider that bushes acting illegally and for many domestic surveillance by the NSA Sharply grilled Gonzalez senator Patrick Lee here for my nasty author if the authorization brief claims that What also enable a government to open mail in addition to monitoring voices like trying to communications There's all kinds of loud speculation out there about what the president has authorized them will actually do in Gonzalez He decided to answer him I questionally he retorted does this law authorize the opening of first class mail of US citizens yes or no? That's not what's going on Gonzalez said we're only focusing on internal international communications where one part of the conversation is al Qaeda And the other part is al goldstein Gonzalez said the fact that the nations had warned you But the nation is not at war, okay, this is the first answer from yours truly the nation is not at war The so-called war on terrorist just an excuse for fascism become an intangible all your rights and let a bunch of Nazis do whatever it LA want that that's all it is Perpet like that book or a bit on a little booky wrote perpetual war for for for a perpetual peace in this case perpetual war for perpetual fascism In presence I'm gonna let you go. I'm gonna let you go. I'm gonna miss me. You're fasting so we'll miss me. That's right. I'm gonna miss you. I'm gonna go. I catch my chip and follow my jury. I like once with a great big face seat. I've got some earthminton for the race. That's quite a big deal. From all your race and people, very beautiful. You can be the buschip, TV, ok, just organize it. I put bog holes on my baggy, check it in. I may have one pain and a great pain. Then I got stuck by my own pizza. But just go to miss me. Now that bog earth can't miss me. I'm gonna show up on a machine. Oh no no. I got another good one for a moment. Put that. Put that. Hang me Muslim. Oh hey, there you go. Yeah, thank you Muslim. Maybe you have one of those in the audience at least for me. I know I might have a whole bunch. They're not too happy about this. Hold my hammer thing man. The integration of whatever this gets you was. So anyway, they just had on the certainly not news network with pure Phillips who's a cartering Nazi. They just had on the court in the Republican and the Durban and the Democrat. They're already analyzing and hearing their still going on. By the way, with Alberto Vioci. And so they showed the move on. Or the great end. Did you see it today yet? The world where comparing Nixon with Bush. No, the illegal wiretaps. And what they had to have the 78. A wiretap by act. No, it's said it went so on. And so the Aztec Durban, the liberal Democrat from Illinois, his thoughts on the move on that, or which is a great ad. And it kind of like more abortion in Nixon's faces back together again. And just rips him an ass rightfully. So, and Dick Durban says, well, you know, the history of it is correct. But I don't know that I would compare a Bush with Nixon that's a. What is this? Yeah, the typical Democrat was man, Dick Durban, Waffling, Waffling, Waffling, Waffling. That's all the Democrats have a lot to do. We got two guys with two people with balls in that party. Ted Kennedy. This is because you've taken mashed potatoes out of his ears. And Howard Dean and actually, yeah, that's it. That's what we got. Half a gentle local we got. Piddle for Christ's sake. Dick Durban on there. Because after 9.11. Yeah, okay. But it beat the Dibub put above. And out of here, you Waffling, you go back. Go back to Springfield, Illinois. Go back to like, well, I'm a decade of Illinois. I don't even know from Illinois. I don't even know from Illinois. Other than Chicago. Do you? No. I'm trying to think of like other cities besides Springfield. I don't even know from, I don't know. I don't know. At a labor pass through it. Exactly. Other than Chicago course, we had a fantastic time. Yeah, that fantastic 23 hours. For about five minutes. Right. And then Disney said, oh well back to Miami. Okay, we can't afford to keep your eyes here. You little spit. That's what you said. And they're wives and their children. Right. The guns. They're put up huh. Exactly. The special prosecutor in the CIA, Lee case, alleged that vice president and Cheney's former chief of staff was in Gives in a broader web of deception than was previously known. And repeatedly lied to conceal that he had been a key source reporters about undercover or undercover and operative Valerie Plain. According to court where our records release yesterday says the Washington Post. CM, Stephen Lesterman, so the show for people in IQ larger than their pinky, who don't want to call up and make up stories about restaurants that are closing and about bury my ass upside down and your mama, whatever it is. So I got to play to park by bike, of course. What? Very new face down as opposed to what that other guy said. Back to the records also show that by August 2004, Roy and his investigation, they even park it in Jack Markspot. Not at empty. No, no, I see the Mark though. By August 2004, Roy and his investigation in the disclosure of Plains, I've been the special counsel, Patrick Fitzgerald had concluded that he didn't have much of a case against the scuder living for legally leaking classified information. Instead Fitzgerald was focused on charging Cheney Staphead with purgeary and making false statements and he needed to question reporters to prove it. The court records show that Levy denied a grand jury that they have a mention claim or her CIA job to then White House press secretary, are a fly share? Do you fare or then New York Times report or June of Miller in separate conversations? And we need to them in early June July 2003. The records also suggest that Levy did not disclose the investigators that he first booked in over about claiming June 2003 and that prosecutors learned of the nature of the conversation only when Miller finally testified, late in the fall of 2005. After they threw her ass in jail and she was singing with the parliament, I want to testify. Remember that? No. No, you'd of course I did. All three specific allegations are contained in previously redacted sections of a US court of appeals opinion that were released yesterday and speaking of opinion. The toast master is not supposed to give us opinion. The opinion analyzed Fitzgerald's secret evidence to the term of whether his case warranted ordering report is to testify about the confidential conversations with sources. Fitzgerald revealed none of these specifics when he publicly announced Libby's and Devon October on charges of making false statements per dream of struck the justice. The once sealed portion of the federal court opinion written in February 2005 by US Circuit Judge David Tadel, who is a member of the three judge panel of the Greenwood Fitzgerald, that's a testimony of two reporters, Miller and Time magazine's Vasude Cooper, was crucial to the investigation. Yesterday the same panel concluded that because Libby was indebted now faces public charges, the court and are longer had to keep secret made that it tells of the Greenwood investigations that Tadel analyzed and it goes on and I will be on our way to tomorrow. I believe. Loan it? Yes. Yeah. You are work on it. Here's a poll idea. Look at that. If one group of people were chosen to rule the world, whom would we choose says cliff? By the way, did you see American history, ex? City of God, yes, or Shawshrink? And the listing for weeks. What's going on with you, Cliff? Get rid of it. Get juggie with it. And this got much to happen. I would bust the moves. Buster rhymes. American history ex was on. Bus to the world. Was. Where can history ex come in and email me and call me and scream and go? I was in the middle of it when I caught it. No. I'm glad. City of God, I saw was very good. Not one of the best movies at all time, but very good. Seeing you never thought I'd watched it, didn't you? I did. I did. The one of us did, no. And some people were going to see me. And surprised you did night. Sure, dad. I don't look. The first time I tried to watch it, I wasn't in the mood of why I didn't. At the time I didn't realize it, but sometimes I just found the mood of sitting in the old two and a half hours. I was in some credit. A little Brazilian kid. Maybe I was tired from like, lose my ass of wood by him. Now don't give me wrong. I'm not giving you any credit because the other reason you're watching because I am DB, David, like, eight in something stars. I've given some credit, man. But yeah, who are? You want a little cover again? You know what? You said that you said the other reason I'm going to watch this. I told you that even then. I told you that even then. Made it with all that works. Even though it's not on our watching. We don't have good taste. Now, when listening to who is it for, listen to you, I would never watch network. Okay. One of the greatest movies ever made. I would have never told you that. That's a good point. Shmuck. Now, let's see. Who are the cliffs says who would you choose? This is sad. So let's see. I got an Americanist. We asked you a centimeter crash. Oh, and you never gave you a movie. If you want, even though you didn't watch it, I'm not fairback. Tell you the review. Second hand review. Dirt is life and daughter. Dirt is on. Right. And they both said that it was okay. Not as great as everyone's making it out. Okay. Yeah. How these critics are, whenever there's factory or anything. Oh, yeah. Well, because most of the critics are gay. But more importantly, and lastly, the Princess Diaries chick. And Michelle Williams of, So they also will be reading both show their movies. Yeah. I'm right. There you go. The actor will be answering. You can just edit the movie down. And by the way, there wasn't so much man kissing as there was, I don't know how to say that sex. Man, sex. The kind of sex. What are you trying to say? Spill out. Draw a picture. Correct. Correct. Okay. Let's not go there. Go to say it a picture. I don't want to go there either. Let's see. Rule the world Christians. We had Buddhist, three huggers. Okay. Whatever you say, Clay, if I want to watch American history, should I go get it? Yeah, you know what? That's a natural keeper. There's it. Yes it is. I see. I never want to say you a bad movie so far. If you buy it and you don't like it, I will buy it off of you, including the post. In fact, I think you ought to see the sleepers again, even though because you've got to listen. I know. It comes on cable every periodically. Everyone wants to watch it again. The body of Christ. That whole thing. Just that scene alone. I mean, that has very little to do with the movie. It's a dinner was a priest. And a good guy priest, who lies? I mean, that's pretty unusual. And that priest lies, never heard of such a thing. How many votes we got on the pool? We added, did we add the angry, we didn't add that? Did we angry Muslim? Come on now. See, he's given me crap because of the fact that I finally watched the movie. And he's sitting and said to give me any credit for it. Angry Muslim, he don't have money. Probably had garlic oil in his pocket. He's too busy passing judgment and probably passing gas from that huge lunch. He's a meal russer. He's five sixteen. No, no, no, no, no. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not that. That is a movie. Russer, Mary. Russer, Mary. Tell the truth that they've done you. And the power you voted. Since you say it's life with your life, Why is it that he thought he thought boy would get to Come back home Come back home Come back home You had a friend who saw you We know the way you fought you with you With the way we got your chance And the reason I knew And you don't know where Don't you know where Who would you see the bucket of sand Check the bags I straight you held We're building your two worlds with your beautiful You're a great friend You're a great friend You're a great friend You're a great friend You're a great friend You're a great friend Okay, so what? Oh no, what's the date? Yes, I just am very distraught Because you're talking about movies You just saw that when a stranger calls the remake Twenty-two million deblocks off his birthday Yeah, these puns Oh my god, the worst piece of slime How can you say that you haven't seen it? I saw the clip the previous is on and into sea Right, when you've seen the original Anybody that's tempted to go see that saved the money Right You can probably write it for like a book Go to your under and please don't go to blockbuster Go to your nearby videos to write anybody but them And read it The original one when a stranger calls with the Charles Durning Whatever his name is I forgot We know the other people are It doesn't make any difference who's in it Because the original one is great Yes How are the children? When I saw that come the Howard the children That's true is a pretty house Yeah nice house and nice you know Looks like it's pretty for nice mud stride or something like that Whatever And then I just got to watch your face in the crowd And American history X And crash And I'm not going to watch it You're sending me the cowboy movie bearback Some Yeah I'm very interested to have your review on that I see Okay Well I watch all those like between now and the next service Anyway we got Curtis Stevenson come up No more mold but we got to be falling door From a two to four