Alright, blinded by the white. Got some bad news this week. What happened now? Wednesday, Marlon baseball at 1250. Oh yeah. I Thursday you by basketball and if they win, again, I'm delighted. Why do you know him? Yeah. Well, those gocanes. Oh, right. I love those canes. You've got like a half a week off. Good. Well, you ought to be used to it. That's 4 to 6 30-scam you had gone. That was 2 years ago. Well, well, for a long time man, for a long time, for a long time. For the 6 30. Yep. 2.5 hours. For about 5 minutes and a year. That's pretty, pretty lame. Not bad. No, I want to reinforce something. I want you to listen very carefully. If you ever listen anything I said. Yeah. You listen very well the first time, but I want to reinforce it. Okay. You and Mr. Mandage take the money to the bank. Yeah. Don't listen to anything that these people say. Don't be fooled by any of the people coming to you as a friend. We've got to sell out somebody to sold us down to remember. Somebody is going to call me a two o'clock to sap know, which I told them. No, call me anymore. We're still going to call me a two. JJ. JJ. Joyce Jr. Joyce Jr. That's your proteger. I told you about him. He's a sell out. Sold us down to remember. What are you doing now? He's the peak folder of measly broadcasting. He and Joyce are one. You know what I mean by that? They're joined at the hip. Yeah. Do you know that? I didn't know that. Well, I know that. I'm telling you this. Very, you know, as a friend. Okay. I'm way the on that. Yeah. Just continue. Plown right ahead. Take the money. They want you to leave. Just say right me a check same with me. Anybody else right me the check full amount. Not a dime less. Have a great life. New sales manager. He was in this morning. Chris from the Carolina. I'm having a final to be a drooling. You read from Caroline. Sound like good guy though. Just said okay. Sound like John Edward. Yeah. Well, so did Joe Bellsy. Mocha in the beginning. Ha ha ha ha. Little did we know. All talk in Oaxon, baby. Our paper tiger. Good guy but no cloud. When it doubt he ain't got no cloud. See, I just told George something. Then we should all keep this in mind. Good lesson for all you folks out there. Never wish for something in life because you never know if I might come true. So all those people running around all Greg is leaving. It's going to be really great now. Yeah. Huh? Right. You ain't seen nothing yet. So this is my last commentary all these things because I'm just going to go back to being the Lacky of the JJ crowd and just do a my job. You see cranched by the way crash. I'm so and I was I was I never watched it. I never watched the Oscars or any of those award shows because just boars me the tears. And I was like, you know, I'm so happy. You know, all these people so self important. You know, granted they provide a lot of entertainment and some of them are very good. But they just sit around with us. You know, all dressed to the hill. And we're so important. And we're so, you know, as is just ridiculous. But I did watch a good part of it last night because it was not the L. And when crash, right the very ass in there when Nicholson came up there and crash got the best movie out there. Yeah, I was so happy. Nicholson with the little shock to me. But I was like, you know, I don't know what the word is. But just the straight air is a narrow. I said, he actually made a few comments. He was pretty good. You know what they reminded me of. You know what they were standing there waiting for the music to start to cut him off. You know, it was kind of like tough was sitting there. You know, saying, you've gone long enough. You know, you know, you know, you've gone long enough. You know, you've gone long enough. You know, you've gone long enough. You know, you've gone long enough. You know, saying, you've gone long enough. Yeah. You know, that life of thing was like here. I think you're waiting for you to cut you off. They didn't believe a few things. They must have been broadcasting on Delilah. Yeah, well, I think I'm the, when the guys who did the Pimpsaw can. You know, I was so sad that I had to see that thing. You know, I started right off. I watched about 30 seconds of it. But I should have been off and I came back. If this is, this is like a death wish for Black America. You know, and it's just, I don't know what they're thinking about, you know? It's hard out there for a Pimps. What's the message? No, no, seriously. What is the message that the, it's like a death wish. It let's just keep me in forces. And this is why white America wants. This is what the establishment wants. This for Black folks to continue being mired in like a young. That's how that stuff we saw in New Orleans. You know, it's how little conversation there is about that now. About the fact that all these people living in object poverty. And nobody gave a crap about them. And others shut them around the Houston and here in here in here trying to like, stay alive. It's just pathetic. And nobody cares about those people because of all of these. This crowd doesn't because they don't vote for this crowd that we got in there now. These fascists. I've never less. I got the message from the song. What was the message? Stuff being a Pimps. I mean, I'm working in radio 28 years. Yeah. Well, no, we're not Pimps. We're horrors. We at least admit that. We're horrors. We still sell our soul for a dime. Yep. Todd, Red comes in. Oh, you got to do this for me. Got to do that. Okay. Whatever you say. I hate that particular company, but I'll do it for you. Because you win a lot. Just to get you out of the room. That's just that meet by the way. There's winds. If you can't stand anymore. Okay. Whatever you say, just please go away. And they still doesn't go away. That's the best. Not boiling. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha. Oh, man. JJ, the new people, your head at the timing couldn't be more perfect. Because David Ross, we had a first. You know, how you like to break the stories on sports? Yeah. We break the stories on broadcasting. I heard you break the other day. One of our spies of an air-clair channel gave us the information that David Ross was leading and sure enough that afternoon. It was on all the trades, radio and records. If him QB, they had the story. David Ross, the real evil doers of the world are real, real serious. Cool. He's a 33 years of memories he was playing. We got his memo to the staff. I have that note today. He's at all a business. He's out of the business. Well, I don't think he was ever really in the business, but he's out of their face, clear channel. So maybe not Pete Bolder can be the corporate head over there. He's, you know, he's stuck this way up that corporate ladder for years and years. See, it's the people we were talking about this, Georgina. The people you least expect. The little nebishes who there are the ones who suck their way up to corporate ladder. Like people with a guy again and then a taxon and then little Andy Calb over W. Do you remember Andy Calb or was he after? I remember him. Little Putsman, the real little Puts. He got fired twice because he was a total nebish, totally incompetent. And then he just saw the sun. He started kissing the right asses and the Steve Nickel, but he beat the loop. And he next thing, you know, he's a system program director. A little Puts. You know, one time, in fact, I brought my little dog. I brought tiny to work one day. I would have no if you remember that story. No. And he was in the studio and he dropped a load. Well, he was very nervous, you know, being around those people, being in a radio station, I don't blame him. And you complain about Andy Calb, the step right in it. And I saw, I think, I think, tiny was on to him, long before the rest of his world. I think it was a plan deal. Now, at least my dog stayed right in the studio. He didn't tear apart the AP machine and rip all the equipment apart. Like, man, these are kids. I mean, those kids were a terror. Whatever happened, by the way, with man, he's his wife and the kids that we ever get nothing on that. I don't know. I don't know. I haven't asked. I think that's over. That's over. No, I don't think it blew over, but that was a terrible story. Well, I mean, could be worse. I mean, there's still a live, there's still a one piece. Yeah, but. So, yes, I'm heard in dinner and I must have chopped down on a carrot or something, some vegetable, something. And, uh, two-five, just crumbled in like, a little pieces. No. Not the whole tooth, but just enough and about the tooth. Just a big chunk of it, so I got to... Tomorrow morning at an end, go to the dentist. Don't forget your, so that might also shirt my week a little bit. I don't know what time I'm going to be back. Probably back on time, but we got music. Yeah, I mean... It's a good mental music. Yeah, well, that's right. We don't want to play... I got a night, we don't want to play any of those because the JJ crowd might be upset. They might be offended. I can't tell. I'm going to play a Saturday for a pimple. I'm just going to suggest that. I was just going to suggest that. Yeah. Now, we're not playing that. You play it. When I go all music? Yeah. When you go all music, you play all that... It's kind of a sports song. Yeah, hip hop. Hop on this. By the way, Kirby Puggets and Bad Shape. Yeah, I know. Critical condition. Yep. See that? Yes. You don't think it's because he was short and real flat all I was like to. I don't know. It's awfully young to suffer this stroke by 24. Well, what do you mean he's awfully young? I had my first stroke. How old was I when I had a stroke? Let's see. I was here with a bit about 89, 90, that's 16 years ago. Yeah, I was like in my 40s. That's very young. Well, when you're fat and out of shape and of course, Kirby Puggets, here's a lot of these athletes who were in good shape, well, at least relatively speaking. He was always fat. But they were good shape during their playing days, then they get out of shape and horrible things happen to them. Yeah, he can run a lot for a guy who was built the way he was. Yeah. He could run pretty well. Yeah. Not anymore, though. No. He's going to be running anymore. I'm just talking about his good old plan. Matter of fact, the team said the twins immediately baseball, I ask fans to keep him in a family of the phoism, prayer, radicals. So yeah, he's in critical condition after having surgery for a stroke. Made your stroke because, you know, you don't ordinarily have surgery after having a stroke unless it's a major stroke. Yeah. By the way, how's the area of Surron doing anybody here about him yet? Nothing. I think he's been dead for about two months. Ten bullets in his stall life. Yeah. I think that, you know, if we don't see any action on the homensake in front of him in Israel, very soon with poor men coming up in a few days, I think that's a good idea. Wow. David, how much damage should be making you deliver, sir? Yeah. Well, you don't need it. I had him on the show. They don't bring the hopper any homensize, no, okay, you're a good guy, but you're a murderer. I remember the one time he sent all that food over. Used to do it all the time. Yeah. The food putters. We don't need all that food, man. I was going to be... I was starving. I was starving. I didn't start it. When I was a dude, we had a dog. We had two dogs in our fraternity. And one of them we called homintosh. Really? Yeah. But two, you know, that no idea what that was. Yeah, two and a good man, that place. Yeah. Where is Duke in North Carolina? Durham, North Carolina. Hmm. I bet you were one of the very few Jews in that state. No, actually, no. No, I don't mind. We talked about it. No, we'd even see the Harry Golden thing. Yeah. I guess he's been dead a long time. Harry Golden. Yeah. And you know, a guy that used to be on what the hell was his name. He was on Jack Parallel the time. Oh, he was one of the funniest guys in history. Little Jewish guy wrote a whole bunch of books. I can't think of his name. That's going to drive me nuts. Ah, cats. No, not cats. Alexander King. Oh, he was Alexander King? Yeah. He was funny. What do you think of Louis Nive? But he was pretty funny. When I was in school, you could smell the tobacco because the lucky strike factory was there. And then the whole city wreaked from the back of. And I'll be damned. It was annoying. Kind of like when you walk out on the streets downtown here, it's there. It doesn't wreak from tobacco. There's Reese. There's no other people. No, that's not true at all. There are people smoking other things. Wasting through the air. They don't have to be quite as paranoid about it here. Smoking a little the wacky weed. Yeah. No, it does not wreak. It's beautiful. The sun is shining. It's going to be like in the 50s here Friday and Saturday. Fifty-eighths there's sand on Saturday. It's sunny and fifty-eighths. I think I'm going to New York Wednesday. Oh, you're lucky, man. You are going just in time. It's going to be warming up all over the Northeast. It's going to be spring. Yep. Yes, you're going to be in the 60s this weekend. You're going to tell you yesterday it was sunny and 40s. Now 40 may not sound the answer for it. It was one of the most beautiful days I've ever seen in my life. There was no wind and we just just phenomenal. God. You can't use to it. You're whole attitude changes as far as the climate. Yep. And of course, when it gets to be 40 after the very short winter that we had here so far. Guys are walking around with no jacket on. You're like it was 80. It's just bizarre. It's like as your blood changes. That's what JJ said. You're a blood sucker. I'd be very careful. I saw him. I'd walk very, if I saw him in a hallway I would take a circuit as root. Go get the direction. I think I'll go out on the ledge to get to the mentioned climate around. That's a very good idea. Excellent idea. I don't even better net stick his ass out there on the ledge. You gotta be careful right because he and the beast are in cohoots. Soll is right down or wherever. I don't think that's true anymore. If I were to beast that be a real nervous about that relationship. I think all previous relationships, all bets are wrong. I'm seeing he's going to turn on the beast. He'd turn on a dime. Hmm. Once they become one of those corporate bookkissers man. Oh, here's the new schedule now. Hurricanes work. Oh, hey, didn't even give me the good news. Oh, my god. I may just have to take about 50, 60 grand out this week. Just to believe it, lose on my mind. No, seriously. I'm going to have so much extra gambling time this week. 1130 is the hurricane warmup on Thursday. Hmm. And if they win that game on Thursday, guess who they play on Friday? Speaking of your alma mater. Yeah. So they play Cumps in this Cumps in any good? They can be Cumps in. All right. Oh, let's go Cains. Let's go Cains. And then if they win a game then on Friday we also get 1130 with a hurricane warmup. Here's that George. So just I heard it. Now you're going to understand what it's like to bet on sports. And you're betting time on my amy Thursday. I got a news for it. My cost me a lot of money. You're betting two and a half hours on. I cost me a fortune. In the fact that I get all these early days. Oh, you mean bonuses? No, I'm talking about. Yeah, that's another good thing too. Really have to read. Yeah, I would add forget about those bonuses. If I were. Yeah, when the numbers came out on Friday. Told George. Forget about all future bonuses. Could you not see any? Well, what you're happening is that the. The makeup of the community. Is. Now reflected in every rating book. It's going to be a blick. Yeah, in other words nobody's figured English. Yeah. Well, not only that. Not only didn't know English speakers get it in January the diaries. But also. And of course it ties right in. It's always the same thing when the Julio crag gets all the diaries and the Right wingers. I would be very well with Russian the Schmittmeister and all that right wing crag. They did very very well again. And then of course everybody else in the tank. Except of course for the no speaking. And then we got that rodeo swabba to Colombian station. So I think you're right. I sure miss Latin America. You know it. Not. That's a one thing. You can talk about whatever you want and whether and everything else. But the fact is everybody here from the Chinese to the India people to the. Packy people to the Russian people. They all speak it in place. Unlike in Montreal where if you don't speak French to give you like a dirty look and spit on you. But here everybody speaking in place. Even even if they barely know any they still they know that that's that's the way it's done here. Oh my. That's 10 13 already. Yeah. The first break. Good job today. Have a pretty mean of using time. Oh. If we do if we. I figured if we do one of these on Thursday meal. Yeah. Yeah. I have to do 45 minutes. How do you like to say goodbye to the audience. I made say goodbye to the audience period. I did something to say goodbye to the audience. I just I just can't envision another three years with the JJ crowd. I think I think 30th anniversary was a fitting point in time. I got plenty of cash. To what I'm just this wander off into the hills of Bavaria somewhere. Never know. Never to be seen again. Trying to get a okay. You too. And say how do I JJ. I'm going out on the ledge now. Give my message for me. See you. Bye. And go right in your spot because our audience down. All right. All right. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This weekend on that set. George Michael. You were busted over the weekend for drug possession, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. What kind of shape were you in? And what kind of drugs? What kind of drugs? And the cops wanted to bring you down into the station. What did you say to them? So in a sense, our guilty. Anything else you want to say? Oh no! No thanks. I don't swing that way. Ah, no thanks. Thanks for the interview. Gotta go. That's just weekend. That's just only. I can't wait. 10. 15. It's 5. 6. You bet you. More money less work. Remember I told Mad Dog that a long time ago. More money less work. Didn't plan for him to take it so seriously. When you're shopping for a shoes, you know where to go by. Now, that's Brandy's in Pompito Beach. Take a boat and tell Mad Ryan's what's interesting about his good guy. And he's got the account now. Thank God for that. Brandy's shares a humongous selection of all major brands, rockport, floor, shim, echo, no fist, oh, SAS, new balance and all the other top names. And if Brandy's aren't even all the other folks that work there will make damn sure you get a perfect customized video your favorite comfort you. You'll walk on there and style. You won't be like walking sideways, side-settle. And if Brandy's whatever style you like, they got it to your signs yet scared and teed you. But we'll bet Chris Jones' life out of the new sales manager. Brandy's specializing wide widths as well if he got a big fat wide one. And don't forget Brandy's will you that unbeatable combination all the time with special extra discounts every week, for example, like this week. It's a great time to buy new balance. Again, this week by OSM deal. All great men's and women's new balance styles are 10 to 20 bucks extra off, so be sure coming to the store or visit their website. Brandy's shoes dot com. Brandy's a 1290 North federal highway in Pompito Beach. Open daily Monday to Saturday to line every Sunday till 5. Now we're doing the rest of the break or we. Oh, not we got nothing right now. So we got plenty of nothing. Let's share it all right. Well that's good because I got a lot of stuff. Good. Oh man. WQAM hello. You miserable. Get out of here. Go away. I'll still let's men since a thing. That was the whisperer by the way. Well, I think Miss my anniversary last Wednesday. They're the best of whisperer didn't get in that would have been a very special. I guess he's making it for a while. Dear Neil and George was out of time for your 30th anniversary, but wanted to congratulate you and thank you for many years of terrific talk radio. Hey, everyone. Go. Always tell people you are the best in our business. It's a shame we can't be heard everywhere. We're regarded George came up the way. And it's signed. They're last. Thanks. Well, good. Good. Guy and PR. He's doing very well. Listen to him every morning. And it actually says on here. Well, thanks a lot. You keep up your great work, man. Keep telling it like it is or like the force you to tell it. However, you're doing it these days. So I guess Hank and I already covered the Kirby Pucket thing is in critical condition. You have a stroke yesterday. He was. He was let's see his career was he, I help me. The twins to two champions in 24 square was cut short by glaucoma and was stricken. Yesterday is Arizona home. Critical condition. He's a Scottsdale health care Osborne. where he had surgery yesterday. Although he's either moved to Saint Joseph, but nobody knows where those places are. Ron Shapiro, who was Puckett's agent, said he'd been in contact with his family Sunday and said we are praying for his recovery. The doctor said that if he has good luck, he'd be alright. If he has good luck. Hmm. Puckett said a few of their Tory hunters said, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, So what's the verdict now? We're going to actually have the audio vault because I don't really. I'm just palm right a lot. Maybe I'll go in the other room and I can play that out there. Well, whatever you like, whatever works for you is fine with me. Here's the deal on our 30th anniversary CD. Buckett's men. As of this morning, our totally 11,585, 7300 bucks of which is online. That's pretty good on that online deal. Are we? Yes we are. Either read on your rages.com and get your commemorative t-shirt or CD or both. All the proceeds benefit abandoned peristuse. So we're way over the five grand that the B-Flee's put up in a course one back right away if not sooner. That's the JGM mentality. And the QM Vandal made the grand opening of advanced auto parts today. 4380 southwards eighth street in Miami. Tai Ocho, no less. CD's and T-shirts to be available. You can sign up to win a $1,000 shopping street advanced auto parts because it's their grand opening. So be there or get screwed. The Vandal beat a location from noon to two. And it says I will call Josh with dollar amounts after every spot break to which we say good if we have any spot breaks. Because their pulse down as well. Well who's vault is our fault is that? Here's the poll result from see I don't care. I just don't care. So you see this by now. We have spots on and it's not cost that. That's any money. They were warned you know. You know who is warned. They then the powers that be about the audio vault and how tanker it is. By the way, you know this is very this is so appropriate. Because here are new sales manager came in seems like a nice guy. Chris Jones from North Carolina. Good guy. Good guy. Good guy. Same haircut as you. Oh, it's good head. Right. And this is his first official day on the job. In the spots we can't. This is a sales manager. We can't play the spot because our equipment is crap. But that it's just it's just typical. And so if you want to buy the wall, he's always busy and moan and well. Yeah, because that's just the way it is. So it's a Mickey Mouse joint. In fact, as soon as you open almost any door to building, little voice says, I swear. So that's you're giving pretty good idea of what kind of a place it is. What do you believe about 911? That's the poll we asked the question on Friday and for over the weekend. 2253 votes and the bushings allowed it to happen. 942 votes 42%. We'll never know 536. Sounds like an impeachable offensive not to going to federal prison to me. We'll never know 536. It was only alchight at 410 only 18% believe it was only alchight. And I beg you, I'd be ciche to watch those videos. Loose change in our website. You can direct them to the poll. You can click on the links there. Parts one and two. The neocons were behind a 2012. I hate this poll 64. Son of Hussein was involved 53 and the CI did it 36. That's your tape. I got David Ross's memo here, but it would be kind of boring to read a whole thing on a year, because it's nothing revealing, interesting and here it's just a kind of a thing. And the thank you all for making me look so good. Now you never look good David. You always look like the same puts that you are, okay? In idiot. Clear channel my ass. You destroyed one station after another. You and the assassin senior. We've got a assassin junior in our station. But he's got the assassin senior, PD Volger. This is throwing everything in their way, including people's lives, careers, people who were years and years and it kills any hurs. You don't know that, don't you? Yes, I do. They kill them and conjecture with Dave Lamont, my farting friend. God, just unbelievable what they do to people. But that's an H of this business. That's why when I said you don't get in this business, I'm not joking. It is the worst. You and are to say that, but it was actually okay. It's much worse than that. No, it wasn't actually okay, but it was certainly better than it is now. I said it when it was on a way down. You could smell it. You could smell like a big gigantic nasty. Oh God, like when we used to do those appearances at the spot shop, or those elephants in the sawdust. And you put that stuff all the way. It was like, it's like the elephants had their own litter box, you know? Yeah, that's what it was like. It was like, it was sitting right in front of us. I think that was pressed in hand. I think what happened to Preston is God's way of getting even with him for way to do May. Torturing me. No, no, no, exactly. And of course, there's lights. Those flood lights, they had them right down in my face. Had a strange dream last night. Did you ever know? For ever, when were those dreams? You got to go take a leak and you lay back down. You fall asleep in the beam. You continue really to be continued. It was broadcasting a Toronto Montreal hockey game from a table. I'm the ice, which I guess a little bit dangerous. And I just, the answer to your kept saying, well, gee, you don't have your own headphones. Well, what kind of a broadcast becomes those big and zone headfire? Is this strange, just aggravated? I think the message in it was just part of the aggravation from this business just getting to me again. How many times you've been both of witness by telling parents, do not call me here. Do not bother me. Do not disturb my life here at home. We have nothing to talk about. How many times? I don't know. 30,000. And so what does he do? The first thing he tells me this morning after the good news about those ball games? I'm going to be called here. Two of us to afternoon. Is that okay? Can I play it? I got news for it. Could I, would you go ahead and call? I don't think you got to be pleased with a response. I don't think you and I have any common ground on which to deal. I think you and I are going in different directions. You want to suck your way up the corporate ladder? Go right ahead. You want to be joyous as boyfriend? Go right ahead. Whatever whatever makes you happy, Clarence. Look at this. Scary stuff. Somebody says just facts this in from Haiti. State bill proposes Christianity. Me, Missouri's official religion. Boy. See, that's, I want to tell you about the goation of America when I toyed this for a long time. Missouri legislators in Jefferson City considered a bill that would name Christianity. The state's official majority religion. Of course, in total, total, a contradiction of the first amendment, but never less. House, contract resolution 13 has its, as, as pending. This is, as I alluded with, is pending in the state legislature. Many Missouri residents hadn't heard about the bill until last Thursday. Karen Arrowsy, or the anti-difamation league along with other walks of our groups. We're getting a letter, a letter writing email campaign to stop the resolution. The resolution would recognize a Christian God. Oh, look at that talk about stealing. That was the first it was the Jewish God. Now it's the Christian God. The ones whose wrath is always waxing high. And we're not protected minority religions, but protect the majority's right to express their religious beliefs. The resolution also recognizes that a greater power exists and only Christianity receives what the resolution calls just a flag recognition. In other words, you are, all you infidels out there. Talk about the Muslims man and the infidels. It's the same crap with the glam. The same representative David Seder of Castle, and Southwestern Missouri's positive resolution was refused to talk about it on camera over the phone. KMOV TV also contacted Governor Matt Blonsaw, as to see where he stands on the resolution. He's still thinking about it. He has yet to respond. Oh my God. Alright, we're back, so you just want to do both breaks and one? Are you, I, what is wrong with you? You can get a lot done, make some more bacon. I don't want to make any more bacon. Oh, I could like, look at the mirror that chip tooth that I got to go go go go go go. Don't forget, don't be wondering tomorrow where the hell is he? Because I'll be at the dentist. I'm sure I'll forget about it. I'll be back probably by 10 or maybe not. In fact, you know, something you'll never, you have no way of knowing. That's right. Maybe it might actually take me to noon for them to fix that mess up. In fact, I just realized you got like 14 missing up there now. Oh no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. So thank God that crash came through last night. If you haven't seen crash, man, you better go to this. Oh, you can play them all. I don't care what you do. Like I said before, I don't care. Got that? Got right at on your sleeve. I don't care. By the way, with a least ever winning another game. Oh, just asking. 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQM and beat for it has gone mad. Magnus and Marks is going on right now and all this month and beat for it. They just missed having a record month last month, so they planned to break that record this month. They're going to smash it and the record too. Right now are still in camp 4, 150s. There was always 249 bucks a month with 9.95 Vountless fees with a proof credit in a 39 month lease. Magnus and Marks would beat for it. Mean you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not going to market for new car, but you know somebody who is sending them into the beach for because if they take delivery during the month of March, beat for it will send you 200 bucks just for sending them by that money comes from beat for its advertising budget. So it certainly is going to affect your friend's price. Don't miss out on this once you're event beats for it. It's important madness in March. Instead of camp 4, 150s low with 249 bucks a month, this counts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 dollars just for referring a friend. Hurry on in. Say how to Paul. Tom that Neil said to buy and he'll give you a look like he never saw in your life. Hurry on and beat for it. Two miles east of the Golden Glaze on 163rd Street and wish this you highway. I'll guarantee you will love your beach forward experience. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62. And then there it goes again. I need to just give me your bum steer. I got you a little excited. I should have known. You didn't give me the least but excited. You got me like terrified that we're going to play six more minutes of spots there. Wow, look at the bright side. We're going to play zero minute. It's not where there's six spots but it only comes out the four minutes. It's okay. Oh, I see there's got some fence right. 30s, tens. Yeah. 10s. Since when did we run tens? We got a whole bunch of tens in there. Look at that. What do we start with that dollar on holiday routine? Now the Christian is here. Do I have a dollar or anybody by my spots? No. I'm trying to difficultly speaking today because of that dollar. Luckily it's a way in the back it's like a more. Yeah. Like a certain teeth if they got knocked out. Yeah, I'll say it was going to crash. Yeah. But they won't. Huh? It would be bad. But even so and of course your tongue, which you had told you about biting my tongue I was going to have had a bad couple of days early. No comment. Yeah. Oh, sorry, Joyce. Here's the poll. Now let's see. Well, let me just start with this article. Let me know if you want to run a couple of spots anytime. I will. Tom Cruise in fiance Katie Holmes won the Razzi's. We heard the Oscars last night, but I like the Razzi's. For the most tiresome tabloid target. But it was Jenny McCarthy and her little scene dirty love. That dominated the 26th annual Worst Film Monteries, winning 4 of 10 categories Saturday night, including Worst Picture of the Year. Dirty Love. I think that in picking dirty love, though 99% of the public never heard of it. It really deserves the awards that Golden Raspberry Award Foundation headberry John Wilson after the awards held at the 400-seat Ivar theater. A converted old movie house located about a lonely block between sunset and Hollywood Boulevard's and Hollywood. I love these shamelessly for it. I really wanted that film to win. He said, John Wilson. Dirty Love, which is directed by McCarthy's ex-husband John Ashard, also written by the former Playboy playmate, concerns a photographer McCarthy trying to get back at her two-timing boyfriend after he breaks up with her. The film was here in just 58,000, and 16 dollars at the box office. It was pulverized by critics upon its verlimited relationship timbre. Hopelessly in Cabin and Rotis, your Congress sometimes Roger Ebert. You're fairie. Excruciatingly in episode-avilled voices, Mark Holcomb, claims to be gutter like rat in a garbage of dribbling or times to beholden. Claims to gutter like a rat in garbage, sounds like JJ. The bastard child that met a result of from John had John, Belero Derek and Tom Fretigafinger Greene spent the winter together, hurting, tending sheep on broke back mounts, had Wilson producing a film. The Racy's also honored dirty love with trophies for the worst actress McCarthy, worst director Ashard, and worst screenplay McCarthy again. The Racy's other words went to Rob Schneider for the worst actor for a douce big-a-low European giga-low. Hayden Christians in worst supporting actor for Star Wars episode 3 Revenge of the Sith, or the Racy's presenter said it, Star Wars ii-i-i. Paris Hilton, worst supporting actress for House of Wax, Will Ferrell and the Cole Kidman, worst screen couple for Reeves, and son of the mass-forward, oh you know who I really can't stand, and I still can't stand to be more so as Will Smith. Oh yeah, he was on there last night for about a minute. Try to be funny. For he's just, as soon as he starts speaking, I start getting angry. Some of the amassed light all films with eight nominations going in the Awards which are traditionally held on night before the Oscars. Well the Oscars went on last night, or the Awards also, it says the number of the years, high profile films fell to the ground like so many lawyers shot by Dick Cheney. The Awards paid special tribute to anyone's mommy, dearest with the audience yelling along with the clip of the film's most famous line. No wire hangers. And if writers celebrities were not including Hilton or in frequent flier miles for staying at her family hotels in one hour increments, and crew is for him to suddenly propose in front of reporters on the iPhone tower and jump up and down like the monkey, curious George and Oprah Winfee's crowds. They're truly a some problem there. Wilson told the AP. There's. Now. Now. Any spots? No. Oh. I'll just check in. I mean it's our new sales manager's first day on a job, and obviously his job is becoming that much more difficult, because we do have a few spots on the long day, and we're playing because our cooking sucks. So our pool today is what was the worst movie of 2005? I mean, the fact Angle got the best director last night, that let me just kind of limp and kind of set me up for assuming, oh, that's going to be, they're going to give that to me. And when crash got it, I got it on a yellowish try. Yes. Yes. There is a gun. Yes. Yeah. I'm kind of in close. You got to move me that, oh. Just that bear ass mounting just forget about it. And what is the big deal with it? What's the guy again? I can't think of even the name. Oh, he fled. Yeah. There he was. The big deal. He's bar crunch. Yeah. What was the worst movie of 2005? Was our pool. We got 599 votes. And this obviously pulled the audience isn't into that much. All I think about is really air strike. Kills two is Lommage. He had suspects. What are they going to think on the air of street? The worst movie of 2005. And this should tell you a lot about South Florida. Even me even I saw two of these. You know, John, did you see some of these? Any of them? Yeah, I voted for doom because that was the worst that I saw. George is obviously seen some of these. Yes. Probably a few. Uh huh. Didn't see any total in 13. Sticks. Ducs have hazard 85. I hate this 1252. So didn't see any and I hit this pool our first and third. War the world's 40. Bear ass mounting. 36. And rightfully so should be higher. Be with 32. Duce Vigalo, European Jigalo. What come any votes? That's God. But third man. Get rid of your die. Try 18. Star Wars 3. Revenge of the Sith. Re-wrainsers letters and jerks gets very upset. 13. Fantastic 410. House of wax 10. King Kong 10. Doom 10. Harry Potter, Gabbadov. Fire 7. Aion flux. Eion Aion. Whatever. How do you say that? Aion. Aion. I said five. Still five. Supercross the movie. Five. That's what Jesus was on Easter. The constant Gardner 4. And mom going to tell you that should be moving up that list real fast. And the fact that that bitch got the best supporting actress. Whatever her name was last night for that. That movie is so bad. So I wish I could change my vote. Even Bear ass mounting was at least the sheep were pretty good. The constant Gardner. Oh man. Electro 4. Guess who 4? I've ever tried about the time that the... what's the name? Was sitting right next to me at 4. Burton coming. Certainly coming. When in like crazy, him and his eye was either his daughter or her as a young lady friend. A loan of the dark two, hide and seek two, into the blue two, and no votes for my mirror. Which I don't know what that is. Undiscovered nine songs and domino out of six, so five. A lot of bad movies in fact when you come right down to it, how many really great movies are there in the last year? Two. It's hard out there for a director. And a pink. And a pink. And a pink. And a pink. That's just... Maybe it's just perfect. And if you can see me, you know who's in the audience while they're all there. Yeah, all the pimps. All the pimps all there. Pips? Yo, yo. Including a what's his name with the... From crash. Yeah, I don't know the guy's name. The rapper. Loot it. Loot it. Loot it. I was like, you're talking about the other guy. He has a name. Uh, I don't know. Chris something or other. Is it really? Yeah. See, he's been in a Chris like I told you this morning. I'll say it on your Chris Rock was great. Chris Rock is funny. Yeah. He doesn't come off as trying to be funny. He just opens his mouth and says, He's funny. He's a funny guy all the time. But John Stewart is painfully. I realized it like I said the other last week and you're not supposed to say this. Anybody know they do a hundred will be pissed off. I'm not not going to daily show. It's a very funny show and it's the concept is great. But he has writers that write everything he says on that show. But when he tries to be spontaneous, any other... But it was on a King Show last week or then last night. He's not funny. And of course he obviously wrote his own stuff or else nobody write it. He's not funny. And he comes off as trying very hard to be funny and that makes it even worse. It was and then at the end. Did you see the end of it last night? I saw the end. When they have put your kept going black. No, I thought it was like this. No. And we're obviously had some communication problems. Like do we come back now? What's going to happen? They ran a spot. Kind of like us like maybe the spot will work in right. Maybe they're audio vault. Wasn't working ABC. Which I guess we can get this a try if you want. Go right ahead. I'm going to tell you the cue because there is a real Roger. A miss is five sixty two eights. All right, got it. BOW! Where is Natalie? Kidnapped? Drowned? Murder. Tonight is the very first time you're hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect. You're on Vanderslow's. You were the last person to be with Natalie. And yes, doesn't put you in a good position. Maybe it's always time to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened. Are you ready to tell the truth? Yeah. Something happened to her. Did you harm Natalie Holloway? Yes. A lot. Did you kill Natalie Holloway? Yes. I did it. Natalie. It's gone. Why would you do that? Um, the sexual predator and a f*** skull. When Brian continues. Do you remember the last time you saw her? The last time I saw her, she was swimming with sharks. Next. And like, look at Robsey, she sleeps with officials on you like that. A little refreshing honesty for a change. That's fabulous. It's 1042 with five sixty-wqa and let's take a look at that schedule. They still don't know who's on two to four. No, no, no, no, no. We got bow. No, no, no, no, no. We got bow. At two. Mad dog four to six thirty. Another real joke. Two and a half hour show. Nice dog. Less work. More money. Keep it in mind. Take it right to the bank. Panther preview with six thirty. The panthers who are under verge of being officially limited from the playoff. Any day not. They like to have no shot. Panthers at the Atlanta trash units seven to clock any can to the hockey game. Any interest in those panthers? No. So seventy three hundred bucks online total. Let's not to impress if we had three. Five to impress if we had fifty nine just looked it up with fifty nine and change on Friday. Yeah. So that means we did thirteen hundred and forty bucks online over the weekend. Not to impress if you asked me total eleven thousand five eighty five. Rock their pretty decent start the wall way around. So don't forget the QM pan will be. Noon to two. Noon to two at the grand opening of advanced auto parts forty three eighty southwest eight straight and. Somebody can even sign up to win a thousand dollar shopping spree of advanced auto parts. Got it? Got it? Got it. So let's go for a least a grand a day. What are you saying? Between noon until we should be able to do that. Voice to clear. Oh, you're going to like this Doug Thompson the ran out. See, I'm kind of like, I don't know what we're doing now. And they's three of us. They will do another long break. I make your friend. They will do another long one right now. No, not right now. At the end of the hour. What the end of the hour is going to save up all the stuff. Oh, not an eight minute break. I see there's like four. Five. Oh, yeah, we can do that. Before you. Before me. I'll I'll I'll back time it up time. So then when we come back, it'll be time to go home. Doug Thompson writes on capital fre a hell free of blue dot com. Voice to clear is where I'm freedom of the press. This is great. You just want to think you can't get any better. Remember that last one we're going to say a sense. Doug Thompson writes using many of the questionable surveillance and monitoring techniques that brought both questions and criticism as a administration. President George W. Bush has launched the war against reporters who write stories unaffaable to his action that is planning to prosecute journalists to make examples of them in his war on terrorism. Oh, by the way, it doesn't mention a great deal that the president made an India though. No, for man goes man. Good deal. You know, some asher was a little a p.o. Little porcupine there on his trip to Pakistan. Not too happy. No, for India. And nothing for you. Remember in godfather three. Nothing for you. Oh, for me. Bush recently directed a training general Alberto B.o. five Gonzalez to use whatever means he or Disphosal to wire tab follow harass and investigate journalists who have published stories about the administration's illegal use of warrantless wire tabs. Use of faulty intelligence anything else he deems detrimental to the war on terror. That's the catcher all the war on terror. Report us to the York Times which along with Capitol Hill blue revealed use of natural security agency to monitor phone calls and emails of Americans say FBI agents have interviewed them in criminal prosecutors of the Justice Department admit that they're laying the groundwork for a grand jury that could lead to criminal charges. CIA director Porter Gostell Congress recently that is my aim and is my hope that will witness a grand jury investigation with reporters present being asked to reveal who is leaking misinformation. I believe the safety of this nation and the people of this country deserve nothing less. You like that? Porter Misha Gost. As part of the investigation, the Justice Department Department of Homeland Security and the National Security agency are wire tapping reporters phones, following journalists on a daily basis, searching their homes and offices under a USA Patriot Act provision that allows secret and underscore searches and pouring over financial and travel records of hundreds of Washington-based reporters. Spokesman for the Justice Department and Department of Homeland Security admit there are ongoing investigations regarding publication of stories involving threats to national security, but won't reveal what those investigations include. In addition, using the USA Patriot Act to private the lives of journalists, the Justice Department is also listed off a pre-WW-1 law to prosecute people who receive classified information, although the law was aimed at military personnel not at civilians. This is the first administration act to remember including Nixon's that said we need to think about a lot that would put journalists who are international security things up in front of grand juries and put them in jail if they don't reveal their sources, said they would murder an unservedest prison Reagan's director communication, also worked in the Nixon and Ford White House. Political scientists George Harley, who worked in the Nixon administration, says such use to federal law enforcement authority was illegal when Nixon tried it and still was illegal today. We're talking about a basic violation of the constitutional guarantee of a free press, as well as the violation of the rights of privacy of American citizens, Harley said, I had hoped we'd have learned our lessons from the Nixon era, certainly to the fairs we have not. In recent weeks, the FBI's issued hundreds of national security letters directly employers, banks, credit card companies, libraries, other entities to turn over records on reporters. Under the USA Patriot Act, those who must turn over the records are also prohibited from revealing they've done so to the subject of federal probes. The significance of this cannot be overstated, says prominently our Glittigator Glenn Greenwald, in essence while the president sits in the White House, the strip that, after probably announcing that he's been breaking the law will continue to do so. His slavish political fronties at the Justice Department are using the Manif Law enforcement powers of the federal government to find and criminally prosecute those who brought this illegal conduct to light. This land, white use to the forces of criminal prosecution to threaten whistleblowers and intimidate journalists are nothing more than the naked tactics of street thugs and authoritarian junters. Just how widespread and uncontrolled as latest government assault has become hit close to home last week, when one of the FBI's national security letters arrived at the company the host service for this website, capital hill blue. The letter demanded traffic data payment records and other information about the website along with information on me the publisher. Now that's a problem, I own the company that host capital hill blue, so in effect the feds want me to turn over information on myself and not tell myself that I'm doing it, you think they know better. I turned the letter over to my lawyer and told him the send the following message to the feds, if you strongly to follow. Phew. That's good. That's pretty good, baby. Strong letter to follow. Doug Thompson, capital if we had like 20 million, if we had a million people I came in America, if we had a Michael Moore, we'd be okay. How if we had three? And Ryan to leap. I know you're really upset that he's murdered to be swimmers from because he's a scam. Oh no, I don't care. What? You might be upset. What do you mean I might be upset? What am I going to do with something? What are you talking about? Why am I upset? I'm doing pretty good. Why would I be upset? I don't care who he's having to do the drug. I don't like her. I don't like her. Well, what do you got against her? She's ugly. Well, and she's ugly. I don't know how ugly people in Hollywood. Okay. Is that the only thing? Is that the only thing? Is that the only criterion for huh? No, that's not the only thing. I think it's the other part. I don't have to be with her. Very annoying. She was doing last night. She went on and on. And in fact, you know, something they finally cut her off. Good. Or no, was it her that they cut off? Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, they cut her off. And they faded into what's a commercial. I mean, that's not the one. And then music came up and the way she went, you know, and that was it. Rightly about the show though, by the way. Yeah. See, was going on and on. And I even ran for people who were like he was. And oh, well, we should be home and bed. She said, like a little, you know, like they're really doing something. I sure hope not for his sake. Could be doing better with those guys from various mounting. What was the worst odors, Jack Nichols? Brand, he just said, Brand. That woman in the orange dress almost lost her dress. Well, that would have been great. Oh, there's Ryan Fleeke right there. You believe my psychic powers are what? I am. I'm amazed at myself. Oh, Derek, hey, what do you make me do that? What? This is Limbaugh. You always do. If you flip it on the ceiling right there. I received it deliberately. As soon as she comes back. I thought it would have kidnapped Bob of his phone. I liked him a lot. Yeah. Uh, I was about six hundred fifty two votes. What was the worst movie in 2005? We just don't have a, we better stop talking about movies like that one guy that called that day. Oh, quit talking about movies. I don't like movies. I just never heard a such a thing. Only in South Florida could you find a, a retard like that. A Lomix. You know what a Lomix is? Yes, I do. A Lomix. The worst movie that you didn't see in the 2020. There's 35% of you never saw one of last years movies. There's Ryan Fleeke. I'm out in the end because. And it is a man telling me. Oh, this is that good scene where he walks up. Oh, they're not going to play the audio. Do you like this wind best picture? Oh, no. What happened? What happened? There he goes. What's his hand out? Chase his hand. It says, yeah, you think you know something now? Looks in fact. It looks to me like he's a little right up in the space. You know what's that? Uh-huh. A little too close for comfort. Anyway, 35% of the people are starting to never saw one last year's movies. He didn't miss much. Crash you should see. Is there any other one that they should see? Well, since city that that's not for you. What do you mean by that? It's got Mickey Rork and Bruce Willis and there's no chance that you'll see it, but it happened to be very good. Oh, I'm all right. That's a shoot-of-up movie. I watched a couple of John Revolta. Oh, he was on your shoot-up. I mean, I bought he looking. He has really gotten strange. Strange how you bought it. Strange or whatever. Looks like somebody stuck up bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew up his head about twice the size of it was always big before. He's starting to rival for the big head and the little dog. Joe Rose. For the biggest head and town. He was on for like two seconds though. Revolta. Yeah, thank God. Stay same with the, what's his name? Same with the Will Smith. Well, he's just, he's just lucky. I mean, he's, he's a guy that thinks he's great and you know it. In other words, he's going to tell you, God, I'm the most talented piece of crap. And he just, he got nothing. Didn't see any 220, it looks a hands of 94. John Snyder's not too happy about that. I'm sure. He's probably not too happy they made that moving. More, he sure was pretty. I hate this pool 58. Where are the rules 45? Broke bear bag, amounting 41. Be with 34. Well, we sure loved Elizabeth Montgomery. Why she did? I, I gotta see right now. If it was a guy she wouldn't be dead. That's right. I mean, what, what was not for like about her? Nothing. Just a great, not just on that show. The show is, you know, okay. She's this great. Just, dig a little, you're paying Jiglow 34. That's douche, bigillow. Get Richard, I try in 21. Star Wars 316. House of Wax 11, King Kong 11, the fantastic 410, Doom 10, Harry Potter and the Gablo to Schmitt 7. A on Flux 7. Still 6, Electro 5, Supercross the movie 5. The constant guard are only 4. Well, that's because hopefully, a lot you didn't see it. Hopefully, nobody saw it. I guess 4 people saw it. Guess who 4? Loan in the dark 2. Hide and seek 2. Into the blue 2. Domino 1 and the other ones got nothing. Look how many votes we got. 6, 6, 6. Wow. Ha ha ha. Alright. I guess before we do this long break, we got time to do this from, I'd say, It's an editorial, it's not long. Okay. Editorial from the yesterday Seattle Times. Tech of a job, Mr. President. The Bush administration is a substantial credibility problem. Things that says turnout not to be true again and again. Two troubling examples that kind of like Joe Bell. Two troubling examples made the news last week. They illustrate a serious problem rooted in the combination of political arrogance and competence and distinct for the audience. Often it seems to be by-house of the president himself, offers the American public an incredulous shrug to punctuate the plea, who could have known. In Iraq, a verlet in the urgency is killing civilians and American soldiers. Before the war, the Bush administration said US military will be greeted as the leader of the American public, almost three years of mayhem and chaos. The White House blames the insurgency on the residue of Sotomayor's supporters and foreign terrorists. Who could have known? In 2003, the White House's repeatedly won the insurgency at deep local roots in Khalidah Civil War. Local conditions not foreign terrorists would fuel the flames. The information was prepared by a committee of senior intelligence, Ayn Lister, the request to the U.S. military command. As the insurgency gains strength, what did President George W. Bush have to say? Bring along. A voice of the Neal Conservative Political Movement who fired the imaginations of so many Bush political disciples, sees the roots of the administration's arrogance and the collapse of the Soviet Union and Communist satellites. Right in New York Times, Francis Fukyama, observed. The overall optimism about post-war transitions to democracy helps explain the Bush administration's incomprehensible failure to plan adequately for the insurgency that emerges in Iraq. He said although they claimed they knew all along that Iraq's transition would be long and hard, they were clearly taken by surprise. Not for a lack of good available information adequate warning. This past week has been world-installed a regular, but determined Mardi Gras, the same scenario of information and analysis exposed. Transcripts at the government video revealed administration and the President warned an advance about the Pairls of Hurricane Katrina the vulnerability of levies and the potential for catastrophe. The President has not directly responsible for making sure that ice and coughs are available, but he's accountable for the urgency that he spots by his team. Before the storm, Hittie was told firsthand about the dangers, so what is mystifying how he could stand before the American public four days later, and declare that no one could have anticipated the levies being breached. Earlier a room full of people he presumably leads told him exactly that. President Bush's rated sales, but he can't deliver a product, time after time. This is the New Rogers. This sounds like 16, 16, 18, 18. This is the New Rogers Show. And you question this? Yeah, you see Jay Jay's deeper form on the Grammys with Paul McCartney. And now, the home becomes a retirement. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, to do what with all the legend. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah You never heard more beautiful to Westernnie Ed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea. Your name is Katie l franchise lol, Juh ci are chase! Alright that's my case! It's 11.05. 60WQAM. Happy Monday to you. It's hard out there for a. Don't forget noon to Tuesday the QM panel made the grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts. 4380 Southwest A3DM and Kaio Ocho, baby. That's our crowd in it. Sure. Some people. Of course not. One more time. What are we going there for Christ 6? This was a Miguel explained these things to me because I asked that. Sales thing. No, this was a range to weigh ahead of time. The van had to be there and the roll is on vacation so we can't have two vans this week. Wait a minute. Just do you understand what he just said to me? I do. I do. I do. Long before the campaign these were scheduled van appearances. So the van's got to be there no matter what. They might as well be selling the disc. I see what you're saying. So in other words, this isn't something they're doing for us. It's just that they happen to be there. Oh, it's bigger than that. You know, how you do it? So we're going to have a place with barbecue, smoking bone fish max with mad dog. Yeah, I got 80 bucks. Listen, I got to go call my bank now. Is it check I have to stop payment on? For what? No, it's not your fault. Of course it would have a little bit of you been able to tell me where the smokey Joe is. A wise smoking bar would smokey Jones. What is it? Bone fish max. So we don't even know what I'm going to do. By the way, for the future, it's on sample and federal. Well, good. What? That's pretty weak. 80 bucks. You know, we're a lot of people come by there. Yeah. It's a place with patches. A great location. But you know, the four people, hey, I will say the four people that can invite nice people. And they did listen from when I announced it from the show. Yeah. So, well, that's not our crowd. Do I guess we're not the smokey Jones crowd? Okay, definitely not smokey bones. It doesn't even sound like a smokey fish max. It's got the board bone in it. We used stop. I'm going to ship another tooth of the, you know, cut the crab. It's hard. I can't believe that. I remember something. It's a me that that's a tooth. Now, already, and that little piece of tooth, there wasn't for real anyway. I have one before, right? So my close personal friend, Dr. Gary. I put that on there. So if anybody from his office listening, thanks for the memories you guys are okay, but I didn't last too long. First opportunity, it came along and they were went. Just crumbled. Got a great set of tears on. I'll be there tomorrow morning. Don't forget, be there until probably about 145. US envoy hints at strikes a stop. I ran as fast as I can. Now, John Bolton, we know is a crazy person. First of all, when you see a guy like that with a white handlebar mustache, you know, you're doing with a crazy person. What? Well, what about Wilford Bribley? Like I said. Now, we'll see the one that was gay. Was that him? Well, for Bribley? No, that was the other guy. Will, what was that other old cowboy? Will? Will, he was, will he? He's a one. Oh, he, where, where, where, where, gay. I had no idea. There you go. I think it was him. Put the whole new slant on Jeremiah Johnson. The US Jeremiah's what? The US ambassador to the Weng John Bolton who's a sir to finally crazy person. Has told British MPs that military action could bring your rans nuclear program to a halt if all the thematic efforts fail. Military action. The warning came ahead of the meeting today at the IAEA, which the four to report on rans nuclear activities to do insecurity council. The council have to decide whether to impose sanctions. And it should I could split the international community as policy toward our acted before the invasion. Yesterday, Condolese said in between workouts, nobody said that we have to rush immediately to sanctions of some kind. However, the parliamentary foreign affairs committee visiting Washington last week encountered sharply different views within the Bush administration, just like Iraq, again, similar deal. The most hawkish view came from Mr. Bolton, a crazy person. According to Eric Ilsley, a labor committee member, the envoy told the MPs, they must know everything is on the table. They must understand what that means. We connect different points along that line. You only have to take out one part of their nuclear operation to take the whole thing down. When it doubts take it out, we're not far by rendezvous, the big one, the big mushroom cloud. It is unusual for administration officials to go into detail about possible military action against Iran to produce significant amounts of enriched uranium. Iran would have to set up a self-sustaining cycle of processes. Mr. Bolton appeared to be suggesting that cycle could be hit at its most vulnerable point. The CIA appears to be the most skeptical about a military solution in charge of the State Department's position to say British MPs is suggesting gradually stepping up pressure on our man before we start going off like lunatics in an okay, but being better boofing like that, like a big chain. He was drunk by the way, Kaseyman said story last week. What was sunk? That's why we had that long delay till the next morning, but everybody could so-block it through a story straight. All of these. All of these things. What? That's five six seven. Oh, five. Hey, listen, I am so you for it and the only one bad thing so far. I mean, we just started, you know, as we didn't even get to the beginning of the show, we said the audio ball crashing. That's not unusual. An clearance comes in her JJ, excuse me, Joyce Jr. And regels me with a archive. How are you to? What do you want? What do you want from my life? Leave me alone. Leave me alone. Can I say it last week like a a credit card. Well, I want to be alone or whoever said that Marlene D. trick. One of those listen to dice. Whoever it was, this leave me alone. There's nothing we need to discuss. I don't need any verbal intercourse with Joyce or with her junior partner in crime. The US Army will launch a criminal investigation to determine whether former NFL player Corporal Pat Tom and 2004 death was from friendly fire in Afghanistan, negligent homicide. See, first they lied about it. Probably get they said you like you're rolling. Got shot by the Taliban man. But then we find out that it was friendly fire. Now they have an criminal investigation. The term, whether it was never in a homo side. Well, I'm telling you, see, one thing that I will guarantee you, there aren't too many guarantees in life. You know that crap about death and taxes. There is a third one. And that is that your government will lie to you like crazy. Whoever you work for, they'll lie to you too. Your employer will lie to you like crazy. But the government will always lie. When in doubt, they spewed a lie out. Have no doubt. Oh, no doubt. They went anything with the Grammys? That's this here. Good. You know, we did that. You know, we did that. Oh, my God. It's so, I mean, you know, that's that's one of the reasons that crash is so great. Yeah. Because there's things that we all know that nobody that's not politically correct to say the way that people feel about their. And it's just just like it went out there for it. There it is. It's really really. Yeah. Exactly. Especially in this thing, it's where everybody's all, you know, and pins and needles all the time. Right. The pentagon's inspection general directed the Army Criminal Investigation to conduct the probe. Initially, reports after his that said, 727 was shot and killed by Taliban forces during an ambush April 2224, a later investigation found that fellow soldiers shot, Tlement, thinking was part of enemy force firing at them. Maybe they just weren't NFL fans. Okay. We were like to. Who knows? It didn't like his team. Was he on Arizona I believe? Who on star am? Pat Tom. Yes. Yes. Arizona carton. She's. Maybe more terminal fans. Of course, there are no cardinal fans. And who could just like a team that loses every game anyway, like the Leafs. What he laughed at about. It's true. Tlement's family demanded no-yes uniform and body armor were burned today after he was killed and why they were not immediately told him that he had been killed by fellow soldiers. Let me read that paragraph again. I hope they sued the freaking government for about $100 million and give me a couple of made it. I'm not greedy. I just want a little little something. Just want to give my weak wit. It was something. Tlement's family demanded no-yes uniform and body armor were burned today after he was killed and why they were not immediately told him that he was killed by fellow soldiers. His family was notified Friday about the investigation. So the Tlement family, the fact that we have not had a heart percent completion of all the things that need to be looked at is regrettable. General Peter Pace, the chairman of the joint chief of staff, he'll report us on Sunday. General Peter Pace. I wonder if he's got the trucks. Second, the fact that is the prior investigation of in review and folks of father are questions yet to be answered. Therefore, the investigators are not going. I think it's a healthy thing. Dr. Welfi for Pat because he still did. He's dead in crap. A 2005 report from Brigadier General, if you're a Jones contains swans statements from soldiers involved in the incident who said they burned the items because they had taken pictures of the scene walked around and knew how Tlement had been killed. Initially, Tlement's blood covered uniform in armor were said to have been destroyed because they were considered a bio-hazard. Right. Cover up the evidence maybe that's what it's all about. Burn the evidence. That's what George says. He burns it or flushes it down the turret. I burn it. First, many flushes the rest down the turret when they're knocking on the door. Jones reports had the soldier's reason they knew when they were hard of hearts what had happened and were not going to lie about it. What were we going to look at? What? You're hard of heart. Where does one find that? Right next to the liver. I say, we weren't thinking about proof for anything. After looking at the previous investigation that until I had one of the most stupid expressions, how you're in your heart, a heart, a heart, a heart. I don't hate that. That's what I hate. I hate not just the expression that he people would say it. They need to be shot. And they are burned. After looking at the previous investigation that until my death of pentagon's inspector general determined the RV never went through the process of conducting a criminal probe, the investigation process will not necessarily result in any charges against US soldiers. Two years before his death he walked away from a 3.6 million dollar contract with the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, the servant and military, which possibly awarded a silver star, which that in 40 cents will buy a half a cup of coffee at Starbucks. Till we was a member of Iowa, we know that. There you go. Another lie, but you're just like 3.4 million. And more of Westmore than they all lied and lied. And there was kiss in your pieces in our hand, all the other garbage. And no, we sure as hell didn't come over to you and can't blow the way we did to it. Right. Right. Your government lies and lie. I can't stand lie as baby. That's why I think it's time for me to just fly away. Just say, bye bye, like you said. I think he was allergic to all him. I think he was allergic to all him. We're crawling around a money beast. Redlocked down. It was disgusting. I mean, it's one thing to put on a persona on the year. But when you're doing a radio, I can see if you're doing a TV show. When you know radio show, that's always struck me about that creep. Walked around with it like these dreadlocks and like a try to be, well, what was he trying to be? Cool. Cool? Don't you know? Are you out of the pool? Yeah, baby. Oh, you know, Tampa is about as cool as an elephant's fart. Oh, sorry, Joyce. As an elephant's absolutely fart. See, I was going to hit the bleep by and do I say here. Bad school, her, Joyce and her boyfriend. I hope the two of you live happily ever after Joyce and Junior. I can just see them wandering off in the sunset. I think it's a good match to know you. Okay. Followed it's past 11. Oh, and you know, the interesting part of it. I don't know if this is crossed your mind at all. Let me do it because we got this basketball game coming up on Thursday and probably you're possibly hopefully one of those. Oh, okay. Ah, ah, no, not just that. But it's in Greensboro. The ACC tournament. Okay. So, what do you think is going to be there? Right. See what I'm saying? I don't know if that's crossed your mind. And of course, no, no. Okay. And he and now that he's actually running the joint, it should be fairly obvious that he can even go away over at hell, he wants and do whatever he wants him and just take another two, three days off. Oh, we got fast enough to go to now and be sure and charge up your black right now, Joyce and wipe behind your ears behind your rear. God. Oh, there's George Clooney. I don't know about him. Um, we're the ones who talk about AIDS when it was just being whispered. And we talked about civil rights when it wasn't really clear. I'm proud to be a part of this. What does he know? What? What does he don't know about him? If he like him, I don't know why I like him or not. Oh, good guy bad actor. Well, not a bad actor. I mean, he, he'll literally agree with the right of all of his stuff. And he's making all the good statements like he did last night. He was very good. But there's something about him that I find disturbing in addition to which, and it's not his fault. It's people were bad eyesight. You know, like he made a crack about the last night, 60s man, 97. Uh, yeah. I'm sorry. He's about as sexy as Kevin Cosner and you. I'm about put the three of you in the same category. Oh, I'm just talking about bland looking. Not ugly, but just like a, like a, not very good. Not very good. Not a script. There's nothing wrong with not a script. It's here as how beats ugly is. Look at them. I work hard to come up from the ugly to not a script. Well, good. I'm working on them. I think when they put me in the box, I'll probably look my best. 14 past 11 a QM finally a TV experience like no other. Believe me, Comcast Digital cable with on demand is easy to use as last to love. And today you can try for only 3499 a month or three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? Well, for starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whatever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming, including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, good tire lessons, and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right when you watch it. And don't forget about control. With on demand you can start stop, don't forget JJ about control. With on demand you can start stop, pause rewind, fast forward programs, you can't get all this with satellite. That's for a bang sure. With up to 250 channels, plus on demand you can build your own TV schedule. You couldn't possibly ask for more. And best of all on demand is free with Comcast Digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you ever live without it. Call today order Comcast Digital cable that HBO with a power bond demand. For only 3499 a month or three months in date call 305 Comcast or in prestigious call 954 Comcast. This is New Roger. This is 516. For the fact of station. The old dream we all took that day of the war not between me and Kevin Rose. And our actual is now burst. This is a day of our daily years. Our whole career is now out to me. You think it will burn. Feel fire the fire to the world. You'll see. We'll be with you. All your tears. For that fine you brother. You'll arrive. You'll be singing. Very high. We'll sing in the fire. 1115 at 5.50. 11,585. We'll go up the total. That's a logic. Sure. We had to get the first five grand a pair off the measly measly. This just in. Colleges which accept federal money must allow military recruiters on campus to fight university objection to the Pentagon's Don't Ask Don't Tell policy on Gaze. The Supreme Court ruled today. Justice is rejected. A free speech challenge from law school professors who claimed that they should not be forced to associate with military recruiters or promote their campus appearances. Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the decision which was unanimous. Law schools have become the latest battleground over the Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy at Law and Game Men and Women to serve in the military only if they keep their sexual orientation to themselves. Just like in professional sports. Many universities were bit the participation of recruiters from public agencies and private companies that had discriminatory policies. Robert's writing a third decision since joining the court said there were other less drastic options to protest a policy. Military recruiters mere presence on campus doesn't violate law schools' rights of associate regardless of how we're public law school considers the recruiters message he wrote. The federal law by the way is known as the Solomon Amendment. All right. And after my grandmother Anna Solomon. Do you know that? I did. I did. Oh, God. Oh, and a good location. Listen, on our website over the weekend, I'm sure Josh saw it as he was trying to raise up there. Blackberry, R.R.M. settled. What is it for? 160 million or something like that? They're paying. Actually, they were blackmailed. They were blackmailed. They were blackmailed. Another one of these companies that gets patents on things man, they have no intention of developing the products, but they just get the patent. Well, so the thing goes ahead and squeeze money out of other people. And it goes out. But you get when you go take a people's patents and they can run away with it. Yeah, patent pending. So George Eastman is still all the time. Edison patents and then he found out he's sold from somebody else too, right? Let's see who and what was Truman Capote's claim to fame. And then he was J. Edgar Hoover movie, guess, buy on the actor play. It was the J. Edgar Hoover movie. Okay. Sounds kind of gay to me. And my missing something was Edgar Hoover movie. In fact, this whole fact sounds kind of gay to me. Say it's the same thing or recurring theme. Look how they spelled played. Plads. Yeah. Truman Capote wrote in cold blood. Story of those two murderers were wasn't in Kansas. I don't know. You tell me. He was an author. And he was a kind of screemer. I mean, I'm going to tell you he was the worst stereotype for gay and the history of the human race was trying to help me. And of course, you'll understand that there's all clips which you're lucky you won't. And as far as gay Edgar Hoover, she did like to dress up. And I don't remember if there was a movie. I don't think there was a book. What that was that called? It was a great book. Talk about him dressing up and dragging how he was very next to his boyfriend. Both of them face down. That was his boyfriend's name. Clyde Tulson. Clyde Tulson. Very good. Excellent. I wonder if he was kind of decandolson. Who? From Massapel. decandolson. Don't remember that movie with Jack Lemon. I remember D. Carl's journey. He confessed to it. No, his name was decandolson. Take us so much today. And he said both men or women. Both. That was the wrong answer I think. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6. You might be in a spruce and collar two here today. We haven't had any. Hey, that piece of equipment's work. And that'll take advantage of it while you can get the phone. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, well, you're right. That's the first one. So probably he doesn't vote too well. No, he's not going to be on his wife. But it won't get on here. Come in if you weigh him. Hello. Hey, one over the hour. Yes. Okay. This is a real quick about the Patelman thing. For my head, right about so far, part of this, the cover up starts. Not with the soldiers because they do a day of done. And I need what they're pertinent to men who are the lieutenant. It started with the captain, the company commander. And it worked its way up. Everybody was, you know, the junior officer. And then we're saying we need to report this. We screwed up. And they said dummy up. Right. Exactly. That was a situation with that. Now let's see American effort in way man. Exactly. Now the trick is how far up the chain of command to cover up points out to the captain. I've moved our right now. There you go. It's a fucking good time. You got to tell that. You know, it's a good job. Heck, I'm a job. Mr. President. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Come, I think our captain isn't a bacon. It's killing me. Hey. Huh? Speaking of that, what's that thing? You bought me the sword and Josh from the wild being over here in the quarter? They got this great new thing. I don't know. What it's called. Great. It was good though. Glad I asked. He brought you a wild being. No. It was for you to, I don't know how my top goal is. I know you're, her heart's always in a right place in your heart. It's, but those, those clot hopper. Yeah. The radio building. Yeah. I guess it'll have to be until next year because it's not going to be anywhere snow or ice here period. Well, just a stigma that closet. You got a lot of rubies. No, there is no snow. I don't want to get you burst your bubble. That's all right. Friday they're saying sunny and 52 and Saturday sunny and 58. Oh, my God. Hey, they just had that freak, those sort of a ghost. That's what they did. I'll take advantage of a global warming. I mean, it's going to be the planet's going to be gone, but we'll be dead. So what do we care? You know, not the same attitude as your president. Why the hell should we care? Well, I'll be dead anyway. That's what he said. Right. How many of you QAM hello? No, we spent 18 years together in my friend. Yeah. Okay. Well, two men. How many QAM hello? Not there. Like I said, I think I should stick to my pile. Because I don't think there's anything. Well, there probably are some other movies on here that were horrible during the year, but these people said they don't see any movies anyhow. How would they like vote for them? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound five, 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line. How many QAM hello? Projects, the minute. Okay. One last one line nine. You know what this is going to be? QAM hello? Okay. All right. I said, all right. 30 years in the market. And this is what we got in South Florida. Maybe Monday, the six of March market down. This is what we got. Of course after we saw those numbers in Friday, we realized that we're playing with the like about a tenth of a deck anyway. We're that about to go on here that thing about who's a deck in the Adiati Adiati. That's right. We got a tenth of a deck. We got the Joker. That begins with the J and we got JJ. Joey's junior. How many QAM very briefly? Oh, not that one. QAM hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. I was listening to you in your attorney over the weekend. Normally, yeah. Yeah. Why he doesn't help you is beyond made his show. It's just probably ridiculous. He's in the he's in the dreamland. He's in law. That is correct. You've had him pick perfect. That's right. He fances himself a broadcast or a baseball guy. He's a big paid agent. He's in the dream world. He's just a. What he is, yeah. You too. Twenty now actually he did uncover some real dirt there on Friday. We had an interesting conversation in the afternoon. We finally found out. Just like it's exactly like that scene in Godfather where they're in the car. After the meeting of the five families and Marlon Brander says, To list day, I thought it was. He says, how is he saying? To tag with a pip. No, but he says until his day, I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. Oh yeah, because he says something on the boss of Tadis. The tag is a pip. Right. Until his day, I didn't know it was Bazzini along. Bazzini. And of course, Bazzini. I suit, but that's why you got to be passed. Twenty said, oh, there's your favorite ways with his school. The woman she played. People used to ask you and how touched the deal. And then she used to say, I'm just trying to matter. And she's trying to see for a grant out loud. What do you want from that bitch? I want her to go away. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. She's doing the Ryan Fleeve. Makes me very, very angry. Say, tell you all those things. Dry concepts. The best in carpet cleaning company in town. I've been using it in my home's floor. We're 21 years in talking about them and raving about them for that time, too. So before you go out and spend thousands of to replace your carpet and give dry concepts to call and let them bring your carpets back to life. Like a miracle. They leave your carpets by written colors off of the touch and stain free. Dry concepts is the only company that I trust and only when you ought to be doing too. I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't. Dry concepts also specialize in drapey cleaning, a post-reclimbing, deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and last more. Without a doubt, one of the best things you can do for your oriental area. Rugs is to use a quality under alignment. It's essential for extending life and beauty of your area. Rugged for bright, squittable cushioning and prevents skidding and hard for us. During the month of March, give a call and we see 15% in savings in our underlament panning. Dry concepts they always give you professional service always show up on time. Carpric cleaning, water damage restoration, federal retreatments, mattress cleaning and lots more call the very best trust the best. Dry concepts call them tool free and they brought it in the palm beaches and be sure and tell them that old meal told you to call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071-RUN-A-WAB-RIDE-Consets.com. Fuck it in and hold it. And it took together your smooth and zi-t-t-t-t-ve-jerry-wrized fish just through the swine. For a day's day, only better than to the final three. Because she got holes like jelly, water, cove-a-s, and she must go that's where my dream now. So, Sarah, she's made a little jack. Stacey has grown, raised in a stick. But they found a like, a rubber ball. She's not that cause her brain is small, man, it's big. That true has mortality and rather big. You did a mean quick step, Tom, Bob, and Bob, trust. I don't give a fuck, because they've been gone. To the shade, in my doing a bit crazy, look quite good. Yeah. But on the show, he got more thoughts than both fights, He thinks every rise to and has rise. Yeah, I'm sure the shade on what his claim to fame is. He's next brother. Funny, he was in the 90th degree, and he did look very gay. 27-o-nune-k-u-a-y, and we got ball at 2 in the 2-4-n-l-mouse line. Let me take a look at the rest of the week. What do we got? We don't have too much to do. We got a ball tomorrow. And then on Swencey, we got the baseball, Marlins, and then through to the basketball. But that game is over, like, what does that mean? I don't understand this. But that's right. It's only a couple of hours. Kyle's basketball game is pretty short. So we got guilding Thursday at 2-4, and then on Friday, we got Curtis 2-4. So we got all kinds of just keeps revolving, spinning around, and around, like, very common. And that's fine. Oh, we will. Anyway, you want to get really pissed off? Okay, sure what I got that very well. Forget about pretty common. I want you to sit very attentively, listen to every word. This is the kind of crap that gets written in this. One of the reasons that you should never listen to movie critics to determine what you want to go see it. Huh? Wait, I had you. Hey, critics, only Jean Cisco had it. This is on the nation's website, the nation, which, you were nearly we love, Katrina Vanden, Hoover, and David Corn, and John, and what's his name? We love all those people. Yeah, you do. Nichols? Very good. What you should know, because you're trashed to remind me of all those guys. Richard Kim says, Crash is the worst movie of the year. Ah! Yeah, I told you, you'd be mad at me. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. God is guiding you. Listen. As a film studies major have been trained as sit through any cinematic experience from Andy Warhol's eight-hour long empire, he has eight consecutive hours of the Empire State Building in real time. To Derek Jarman's blue and our plus of unchanging blue screen, dramatizing Jarman's age-related blindness, and never abandoned ship, incidentally, I love both films he says. It took all this training in Morduin Dur, this year's Academy of Warbon, and for best picture crash, which I saw this summer in Elastic's entirety. I've already written about how I'm not a huge fan of broke back mountain, the other Oscar contender, but it is definitely a better film than crash, which I would have walked out on had nothing for my stellar companions. While critics like Roger Ebert who were claimed that the best film of the year, and David then be a the New Yorker, loved it, then be wrote that a most previous movie treatments of prejudice seem like easy and self-curragical Tory liberalizing. I couldn't disagree more. Easy and self-curragical Tory liberalizing is the epitome of the film. To my mind, crash is simple messages, there's a lot of racism in the world, but it's all rendered meaningless by a magical force, this force is called sheer coincidence. I'll happily spell the DeNew Monde for anyone who hasn't seen it, the racist white cop, Mad Dylan, sexually unless they black woman, Sandy Newton, but is really a good guy because he saves her from a car crash, and oh because he loves his alien pup poppy, who can't pee. His partner, Ryan Philippe, his partner's anti-racist protest, are really irrelevant because he ends up killing an innocent black teenager learns tape. Meanwhile, a rich racist white woman, Sandra Bullock, unfairly suspected Latino locksmith, Michael Pena, of being a crook, but it's okay because the Latino made and best friend takes care of her when she injured herself. And on and on through a compassionate conservative rainbow of cast members, each with their only more-listed, but totally individualized racial melodramas, as with a well-aborted musical Avenue cue, the moral of crashes, don't worry everyone's a little bit racist. Anyway, he says, my amateur film critic says, you find a good guy, sexually crashed by some time nation writer Jeff Chang, and Sylvia Chan at Alternet, LA Weekly Critics Scott found this code at the worst film of the year, I agree. Is that a, well, I'm saying, make you sick, make you want to puke. That's why I don't listen to critics. Soots, the lot of them. He didn't even get it. No, how about just based on entertainment value? But it's not just entertainment values, but it's not just entertainment values, but it's a, that's why he's talking about it right in there. Even there's like tre, without that, because I go to movies and I get to take it. I think there's menacing queen can handle the truth as one of these, you know? You're fair, we'll over this guy is. Anyway, we didn't put cranks at our list of worst movies in here because we wouldn't, because somebody would vote just to be a smart ass and we're not going to let you do it. It is. 703 votes. What was the worst movie of 2005? We might get a thousand of there, I doubt it. In fact, I'm not sure we're going to get a thousand bucks at that, you know? Based on this phone here today, my God. You know, it's a real good thing, I don't want to get your nervous about this summertime, but wow. Whatever. Just every day, just do the same pool, just say lucky did that one time. What? Yeah, and then, you know, and then let's make a blast for sure. It'll build a pool from there. That's your question anyway. What was the worst movie of the last year? Didn't see any 263, 34% of the audience didn't see any of these. Duke's a hazard 115. I hate this pool 70. War the world's 54. Brokeback Mountain 49. Be wished for you. You know, you're a huge big fellow, you're a paying jitter low. 41 sounds good. Get Richard, I've tried 24 Star Wars, the third, 16. House of Wax 13. See, why didn't they just bring back to your original and bring the old 3D glasses out again on the theaters, but, you know, with Vincent Price? Okay. It was in 3D. I wonder why that didn't last too long. Did you ever see a 3D movie? Sure, several. Really incredible. It's incredible. It's incredible. But it's, you know, it gives people a headache and it's a pain in the ass of the glasses and, you know, fantastic. Four, eleven. King, what is it? King calling you, eleven. Do you want to do 11? Harry Potter, the god of the fire nine. Yeah, drink this, Harry. A on flux nine. The constant gardener seven, moving up the list and all that have like 700 is the worst piece of swill. And probably the guy that worked this thing in the nation. He probably liked that. He probably thought that guy, what else are guys named? Which guy? The guy, the actor in the constant gardener. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, you do. I don't. Okay. Oh, race elf? Who? Ralph? Ralf? Yeah, that's not an ad. Yeah, that's the one. Ralph finds. Ralf finds. He's just, uh... Oh, we're flying. This is very good and sure to list. As they are not the one. Another reason for me not to watch it. He's great. He's got a seven, elect us six supercross to movie five. Yes. Well, when there's some old getsky with a beard on there in the first five minutes, you know, I don't want to see movie about old Jews with big hats. Guess who for? Heidenstein three, alone in the dark two, into the blue two, domino one. My mirror, I'm discovered in nine songs. I have none. Seven seven, that's for nobody's song. Now let me ask you something. Um, or when a stranger calls, I guess that's 2006, right? That's his use movie? Yes. Good. Because that's certainly with crawl-fifitalist. I haven't seen it. But I saw the previous one. He just, he's in the house. Okay. You don't need to see the movie now because the guy that's calling, he's in the house. Not to be spoiled. Then what were they thinking about? But I think it about the money. And well, they're not going to give these punks never saw the original. Don't even know what exists. We Charles Durning the less. And we got to play and play the crazy murder. I remember what his name was. But he was good. I think he died, didn't it? I don't know. I forget. He wasn't like a famous actor. He was just very, he was perfect for the role. I don't think he had an act box. He was kind of strange. I'm a strange zombie vaulter or Tommy. You're fairie. See that's the irony to hope broke back mom thing. How do we would this famous for doing this? You know, you got so many of these closet people sitting there all dressed up in there. And their tuxedoes and dressed to the girls. All these closet people sitting in a big crowd. And oh, it's already a tender love story and finally breaking through all the stereotypes and prejudice against sexual orientation. Yeah, you're mom. Okay. You're spymeless. How are you? You're fairie. This is real Rogers. The Dodoes. This five 16, two, three, four. Sexton and the church. I'm going to change my way. I'm going to change my way. I'm going to change my way. I can't remember. Promise. You got to bring it but it's not my little business. You've got to bring it into the field against like you. That little mind is looking for the Chinese way, but there. Ointment. They're wrong. They ain't the age. And they're fine. They're the best we'll do. It's money of all backgrounds. All right. Our body is a bad deal. Go die. Go do it. Go No We Saturday. He's down in Ontario. He's so stupid. I just snowed you from the middle. And I just blazed you down in the fire. Oh. I ain't my that Gory And a, At all, and we are about to honor TV news. So, I think they've tied with the round and other rules. In the retreat, they've been very present in the war. But it's worth saying that you've been a higher level of yours than your body than the best rules. It's in there another way, not by the bedroom. And we talk about it. Stay away from Johnny, Louis, Timmy, and Rieo. My brothers and sisters, you're very sweet. Oh, I know it's one who's still the one who can't stop by in the bedroom. Don't worry, not by in the bedroom. I'll buy them all. Hey, away from all, hey, hey, Joe. Give me a day, and I'll buy my brothers back to you, Ray. That's the sound of them all. Oh, there must be another way. Yo, we got Jorge and Neil in there a couple of times. I got left out. Yeah, stay away from us, okay. And the reason I played that is we got more, and just when you think he's going away and hiding under that war, his brother, New York, New York, New York, is in a feeding frenzy about his book that his brother, Germain, is writing. His brother at Mitch Jacko's thing for young children. He's got a thing. Yeah. Germain Jackson, fear of this kid, brother Michael might be guilty of child molestation, but back in the trial because he thought the pop star would commit suicide in prison. According to a bombshell book proposal, dream about the daily news, but it really boils down to his whole family's been, you know, a siphoning off of the cash to cash count. And that's why they supported him. But now that they find out they can write books and make like Zillian's more, because he don't have any money left, they're doing that instead. Fussies probably cut them off now, they's over there in Bahrain. He's probably got a stomach, said that dooby, dooby, dooby deal. In a towel, outline, shop to publish your just weeks after Michael's arrest in November 2003, if you're making this crowd to pop peanuts, they sometimes out of controlled drug and booze abuser with a captivating mean street and a thing for young children. No. The eight page proposals for legacies, surviving the best in the worst, list Michael Jackson preferred substances as vikoden, demoral, coding, percussed, cocaine, jack dangles and, blind, and Jesus used baby. Does he really know what he does with these kids? Does he really know what he does, your main wondered? I don't want to tell you my brothers, innocent. I'm not certain that he is your main Sydney. Tom Teaser, granted by Arthur Stacey Brown, who co-authored Michael Jackson, the man behind the mask with a singer's former publicist Bob Jones. Not to be confused with Bob Jones from the university. But your main still on public tales is the ultimate insider look of the troubled star. It missed that the family's protected jack goes image and says that Jackson also cheats, lies, even chains of color of his skin. Even the pop star is being able with his own nephew's what his family's shaked according to your main, he recounts the family coming together after the death of brother Tito's ex-wife in the mid-1990s and fighting Michael sitting on a bed with Tito's young sons and holding them in a disturbing manner. Tito's young sons and holding them in a disturbing manner. Tito's son is also disdain about the singer's bizarre behavior surely be co-occurrated to authorities to face charges in November 2003. Hold up in Las Vegas Hotel where Michael calmly watched a Pinocchio DVD with his three children as lap but he later flew into a rage, tragically remembering breaking every glass lamp and dish in it. They protected big brother vowed to help Michael be through that because Michael couldn't survive one day in prison in Commit Suicide. Other bombshell Tito's ex-husband remains outlining food. During the Jackson Five days, Michael's brother's spirit was gay. The brothers met lots of women while touching in while touring and they were touching. Touring and all eventually fell in love. But Michael, he was interested. We used to say quietly we couldn't have a gay brother. He was surprised. Michael hates shoes because he thinks Hollywood, Mowale Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Kassenberg and David Giffen stole the idea for a dream or studio including the boy on the moon logo from him. But the Jews are the powerful ones and they've done a lot to put my brother in his place just another N.I. you know the rest. That's a genius in calculating Michael's squashes, rather solo musical careers but the families stood behind Michael despite pain, doesn't miss giving, unwilling to give up their little brother. Little more, there's like, I mean, the daily news is in a black-assid feeding friends on us. Michael's Jackson's two older children by XYB, Rowe, founded by a sperm donor, not the natural ways the pop stars insisted over years according to brother, Mr. Maine's 2003, a proposal. My brother purchased children, Germaine 51, his an outline for his never published a tell-all. Rowe, the mother of Prince Michael I, who is nine and Paris, who's on the fate, was paid $7 million to carry the artificially insimitated babies, Germaine says. It's like a sanctioned black market, he's say. Germaine can't leave her for a dero as a woman nobody would ever look twice at and said the only reason Michael married her was to appease his Muslim pals who don't approve of out-of-wear-like pregnant pregnancies. Huh? I wonder if the Arab streets go to think about this. Germaine offered no explanation for how Michael acquired his third child for a year old Prince Michael the tooth nickname Blanket, whose mother's never been identified. He was in a macular contraception. When Rowe and Jackson divorced in 1999, she signed a confidentiality agreement that barred her from ever discussing the Charles paternity, Michael's mental or physical condition for ported drug use, sexual behavior according to a 2005 court document. Rowe was currently battling Michael for access to her children. She previously surrendered to federal rights in 2001, but one then back in 2004, when a court found improper procedures that were followed the first action. And a public court recently back rose for rental rights, now a general decide was best for the kids. So I think having a moment when at pervert, when we were in a little berkish, I think that's probably was best. Don't you? I do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Kind of a week started on the phone here for this Monday. Maybe they're all worn out from that big 30th anniversary bank last week. Or maybe they were not from the Oscars last night. 5, 6, and the Verizon singular wireless line. This doesn't vote well for the rest of the week. Could think we got on ball games, too. How are we doing on the vote count? 8, 0, 6. Not too bad. We're going to make our 1,000, I do believe you think so. We could. And we could do it. And don't forget, in just in a matter of minutes, the QM fan fact, they're partly like that's where they are. They're not calling because they're all lined up at the advanced auto parts. The QM fan will be a grand opening of advanced auto parts, 4, 3, 80 Southwest, 8th street Miami. CDs and t-shirts to be available. It can sound to win a $1,000 shopping spree in advanced auto parts. They see the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the t-shirt with stuff the same logo is the, a CD will be available. And there's 20 bucks a piece. I'll benefit a band of pair rescue 11,585 going to day and that's the, less than the first week. That's not too bad. We'll take it. We'll take whatever you got. You got some money. We'll take it. Like I said, would buy me. You got some money just handed over. How many QAM? Hello. Hi. Is this the new Roger South? Yes, man. Can you ask me a question for me? Sure. I'm, I have been rocking our brain to see might know the answer to this. And I know, you know, it's been Miami in a lot of years. The used to be an Italian restaurant in Miami near Jackson Memorial Hospital that was like an old known house that was there for many years. So then later on, it was just about Miami. And I know you walked in and then you stepped down to a room. We can't remember the name of this place. We've asked everybody, we know. And it's driving us mad. So it's probably a call that it or fact it didn't believe me. Right. I'm listening down in the car. So if there's any possibility. Okay. Thanks. Alright. Thank you. Bye. Anybody know I've got any idea? That's not necessarily my neck of the whiz over there by Jackson. I'll ask the alert. Let's talk. I just need 11. If you know, it's not pretty free. It doesn't. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's help out the lady. She hasn't been rocking their brains. One of those things, you know, like the name of that actor. What was the name of the actor? Which one? I don't remember which one it was. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 6, and leave a rather than singular wireless line. QAM, we have no balls. WQAM, hello. QAM, hola. Neil, how are you? Okay. I try to call them that sweet happy anniversary. It's late. Listen, I, I, I, I never. I never thought it's people. You know, I don't know the limit to all of these people who go by. They're feeling Iran. They're like the little rock and they're the medium-fake kids. Just like they took you up. Yeah. The land of the foundation again here. And these people are just taking it and later on, they're going to be more people writing how it's going to get to go into the land. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how these people here, I am making harder for you to make them money. That is a stupidest thing to do to figure it out. They're asking my wife. They, they, they know it all. I know nothing and we got the Joyce and JJ Junior and Clarence and the experts and the, they know it all, man. Between the problem with them, what they know about radio is putting a symbol. But Neil, you said that, please. And I agree with you that you never signed a contract to work for Joey. Why do you keep on taking you? Is that, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if. Well, we, we try to hammer that out on Friday. And now, Paris is going to call me a two o'clock today. And I think he's going to hear a dial tone. Very, very shortly into that call. All right. They're probably, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I'd have the craftman. I just, I just, I'm just, I've just fed up. They just keep, they, they, they don't know what they held it do. So they just keep changing and changing and this one is doing this by along this, and and then, the city for God is a blackberry and, you know, grow up already. Where do you place this? Grow up. Because like I said earlier in the show, I really mean this. I mean, the prospect of three more years of JJ brow meeting us. And, you know, I mean, we're way of it. And it's like a fine wine. You know, if you keep putting water with it, when you find a water with down like nothing but a glass of colored water you know what I mean what do you mean I don't know color water water water the water is not too bad and the money is even better WQAM hello okay okay yeah call them all all all all hello hello yeah what was that I think we caught him in the middle of some music I've seen on his wife being domestic about that WQAM hello me all how you doing pretty good on Saturday night I keep was coming back from Darrell and I was trying to listen to something I was stuck with five Spanish channels and Joseph Gackie I don't see the word is bad and rather talk about the end of rockin' a harm play why don't you see your order Spanish by Joe the Spanish channel I don't blame you all right I will get back to you good thanks good choice maybe they were playing like little C left clues like who garacha stuff I can't be all van put you in the right mood or could have been yeah I can't be there too WQAM hello good morning you'll have you 30 yeah I was one of the five people to buy that uh CD out Friday and I wanted to thank you for putting it together because we were not here anyway it was only four days me and my drives were drives wise at the smoky bones now before 12 on Friday afternoon I'd be that as a may I did want to let you know that I appreciated very much and all the cuts made me laugh good thank you that's the idea man thanks a lot for help no problem sir I forget to van is right there I bet you're there now right down there on KO to another fantastic location Friday the roger and uh road that I'm ballermore boulevard road that nobody ever heard of before much less has any idea where it is and the result I think for that out anyway there uh it's a grand opening of advanced auto parts 4380 south was a street mind me I can see once again this year that this whole fundraising thing is going to be manipulated based on sponsor advertising considerations and promises that have been made as opposed to where can we go today for a couple hours and uh race to you know largest possible amount of money for the cost but again since it was their idea in the first place uh that's where it goes 4380 south you follow I'm saying what he said every year it's the same crap that's why I don't want to get involved in it because they they play with us man and don't even feel good 4380 south was a street mind me in advanced auto parts go over there with a whole bag of money okay and help out that little puppies in a couple of little kitty can't stew little kib can't I gotta be honest with you as much as I love candy I don't like kib can don't you know I don't like it's like it's like like uh what would what's inside of it like a wait for a cookie yeah yeah wait for I don't like wait for wait for no no it's good for me but it's your goal now I do like grand crackers don't yeah I haven't had that in years oh you'll be pleased to know my blood sugar this morning was 86 all right I'm I'm I'm I'm a survivor as you know I'm gonna do it in spite of that man's by the jay and jay and jay and all us other crap spite of them possible hazardous materials a situation a situation at a building in uh and later the building had white powder in it there was a bag that came from within the prison system with white powder and of course we know that all the terrorists of the prison system and they're sending out that anthrax this is a new Roger this is 562 this is Mark Morgan it's the 12 to one hour on Q 8 Right flashes Two-five, two-five, three, four-five, four-four, and two-five. And two-way, two-five. Here's another three-half, so-called, five-two-five. Two-five, five-two-five. Six-four-four, two-five. We will make new guy. Six-four, five-four, four-five. Four-five, and nine-eight-eight. One-three-nine, four-four, and four-four. All-star, go, die, die. Yes, one-two-five, and three-four. Give me two, the five-four, eight-winis. Five-five, seven, three, five. Two-five, two-five, two-five. We change our minds and it's all to be hard. Two-five, two-five, two-five. Two-five, two-five. Two-five, two-five, two-five. Two-five, two-five, two-five. We will make new guy. Five-four, two-five. Two-five, six-three. Yeah, who's beautiful, will see good. I would have storyteller, haired yaho, like poisoned mutant, believe me. I believe it, wow we' re good reason. The branded experts did a good job with yaho who ever thing about the internet, dorain yaho, say Groovy, vibes from the name with stuff that accompanies bright purple colors, like crime and fable seller, con valley of work culture. Creativity, innovation andidas, feed your barber, associate with its brand. The problem now is that the company is actively colluding with the Chinese government to help identify and earn a distance to be thrown in jail. Not cool. Yahoo as a Chinese language portal hosted inside China, with a search engine that filters out all websites and keywords deemed unacceptable by Chinese authorities, writes former CNN-B-C-N-B-R-O-C for Becamacinin, in a recent nation online exclusive. It doesn't form users that the content is being censored anyway, Yahoo also offers a Chinese language email service hosted on computer services inside the People's Republic. Because the user data is under Chinese-Ligled jurisdiction, Yahoo's obligated to comply with Chinese police request and information, such compliance over the past several years has led to the jailing of at least three-discidence. An endless international report adds an investigation in reveal that a former Canadian technology company is operating in China, Yahoo, Google, Microsoft and Cisco, Yahoo has most actively rated repressive forces in China by helping to put in jail political dissidents. Nice. Prime Minister Chinese blogger, Yahoo, Jing, single-sadio, who for even greater score in the Microsoft, accompanied it and complied with the Chinese government's request to shut down his blog. A company such as Yahoo, which gives up information about a decency, is unforgivable. He said an interview with Fortune magazine, who, if you good for the Chinese citizens if a company like this could be shut down or get out of China forever, Yahoo continues to post in Chinese, anantide.log.dashcity.com, which is available over seeing the blog in China. Some of his recent posts can be written in English at our conversation, which is maintained by McKinna now, Research Traveler Harvard's Burp and Center for Internet and Society. As a publicly traded company, Yahoo can be very sensitive to public outcry, and this issue should have a relatively easy time gaining traction. Most people are all political stripes, other than extremists or wackos, both left and right, and those with Lazia, who's stuck, can get behind a campaign calling a one of America's most well-owned companies to stop aiding communist China's repressive tactics, communist or racist. So take MSD suggestion and click here. It's got a link. This is on the nation by the Whistler and by Pete Rothberg. Rothberg. Oh, I'm a nation. Click here to tell you, it's on our website. Is it not your eyes to the story, yes? Yes. To tell you, I'll who that if it wants your business and a better stop helping off authority and governments repressed their citizens and the countries in which it operates, media attention can also really help. So click here and Scott a link to find contact info for your local newspapers and talk radio stations. Already on it, how do you like that? I bet you've been talking about repression and China on the ticket, are they, huh? It's out of it. They wouldn't have where to find China on a map. Much less the Yahoo. Although you have a Yahoo sales manager now sounds like good guy. Yahoo. He's from North Carolina and talks for the real heavy. He sounds like John Edwards on a bat and by the way, I just like John Edwards intensely. I'm sorry. In tensely. I never liked him in the first place, but he was on eat the press yesterday. He said it and watched it, but I saw some of the clips later on. He was debating fat face. I think they used the same bicycle pump to stick in the Jackie Kench neck that they did with John Revolta. Because his head like must have a luxury Louis like a balloon. But anyway, Edwards is on there. Oh, just sucking up into all the areas where I wanted to discriminate against Arab nations. Oh, he said just a idiot. Just a real jewel in Yahoo. John Edwards, my ass. Here's just a major bulletin. No, I don't think anybody reading. Remember the story about the nanny? Which word? The nanny came and forwarded it out? Oh, yeah. Howard stated, they decided to drop all charges against Claudio Murrow in the nanny came case. Experts said the hidden camera footage had appeared to show the Hollywood nanny physically abusing a then five month old baby could be unreliable. Unreliable, at least it said. Murrow was charged with eight kinds of child abuse willing to be October 2003 incident. The child was not seriously injured, but the parents got suspicious when they saw a bruise. Instead, the child cried when she was near Murrow. Some movie with Jodi Foster, what does it name it that on TV over the weekend? It was okay where she played the victim of a gang rape. Oh, was it? What is it? I'll think of it. She wanted an Oscar or something for them. He was good in that. Yeah. Tell him to go listen to that. I don't know who's that. The Carlos. Yeah. I said to go listen to your life around. You're on a blank screen because my head's like a bubble. And I remember do be killers. Anyway, do a Google Zodiac Foster. You'll see it right away. And she was very good. I think she wanted an Oscar for that. And she wasn't even seen the problem with her is that you know, and maybe it was only the one movie. It was only a soundstanza. It's a great movie, but her performance and it was not only bad. It was very difficult. I thought that's funny. Effective that. He's used. Yeah. That was good. I mean, if it's on TV, it's worth watching. I wouldn't wouldn't go out and buy it or rent it or like, you know, steal it even. But it was worth watching. Yeah. That was a good. It's about a game rape. The video anyway appears to show mirror shaking the baby so hard that the girls head jerked around. Kind like Linda Blair and the extra says just bottom round four or five times. It also looks as if then any slime to child on the floor and slacker. It looks like that, but only portions of more than 70 hours of digital recording were saved because the child's parents wouldn't turn over the hard drive of the device. Saying they've heard the footage showed private family activities. That, how do you like that? Private family activities. Yeah. That's why it's incredible. Pizza maker backtracks on restrictions for new Catholic time. Remember that's true. We had Friday about that for a bison of Tom Monahan. Domino's pizza founder Thomas S. Monahan, who was helping to bankroll the birth of a Southwest Florida town in university. Backtrack on Friday from comments that you'd like the community to be governed by strict Roman Catholic principles. So we got that town I'm Missouri that wants to be all Christian or at least a Christian's run in it. And we got this guy to watch the town as all Roman Catholic, a Roman Catholic. I like that. His ideas about barring pornography and birth control, he said apply only the Catholic University. Oh, I know the Catholics who don't have pornography, which is why the Vatican has the world's largest poor no collection. Right. There were a lot of, well, I have to have something to stimulate that switch guard. You know, they can kind of board stand and run like that. There are a lot of misconceptions, Vonahan said Friday or misconference sections. Both the town of Avay Maria and it's, can you just hear John McPherson singing that now, the harp and the beans and then, oh, I just hear it. I'm Columbia Records. Avay Maria. Crap. Was that a hit? It was a major smash. Both the town of Avay Maria and it's Avay Maria University. The first Catholic University, we built in the US and Ford decades, are said to open us here about 25 miles east of Naples where the beesleas are where a choice is over there in Naples, Dan, Dan at Thouse, say I'm myself. What is that crazy John Bolton with the Mustang? Looks like Jerry Clawian drank. He's a crazy person. Make no mistake about it. He's absolutely, they're going to have him in a rubber room with the Mr. McMurphy. Randall Murphy that it. Mr. Chainswick. Monahan's comments Friday contrasted with St. May'd last you to a Catholic men's group in Boston. A photographic magazines won't be sold in the town. Pharmacies won't carry columns of birth control pills and cable TV will carry no ex-rated channels gone for bid. I would say I just misspoke Monahan said Friday and if you were the associate of first the town will be open anybody. Right, what they thought out it was unconstitutional unlegal and unacceptable that all the sudden changes to. See that? Monahan and the climate come in early in the week while as attorneys were reviewing legal issues surrounding his original idea. The ACLU of Florida promised lawsuits if the proposal for Institute, Florida Attorney General Charlie Chris to fare it. St. May saw nothing in Monahan's proposals that violated state law. It wouldn't let you in there Charlie, I guarantee that. Not your kind. The town is being developed through a 50-fifty partnership with the Berin Coyour Company agricultural and East State firm. They're in Coyour and Monahan will control all commercial real estate and the town will not allow adult bookstores or topless clubs. However, it merely will suggest not to prohibit businesses from selling adult magazines or contraceptives. We're not going to censor any of that information but in difference to out a military university, we're going to request that they not sell that merchandise but when I restrict the incident, Berin Coyour CEO Paul Meronelli. contraceptives will not be distributed on campus because they want to make damn sure that there was a Roman Catholic street for those like rabbits, which their famous were make a lot of good Catholic babies as the numbers battle continues. You have the Muslims and the Catholics and the castle Catholics and the Muslims. We produce and like cockroaches, baby like rats. Meronelli said the town will welcome cynic dogs as well as Baptist churches. We're not going to discriminate against anyone whether it be religion race ethnicity or sexual orientation bed STEM are deserves very good and liberty to the nation. domestic only classes maybe lib the...? I also contrary to my hands earlier statements because it's not legal. The town will not restrict cable TV program. And by the way, speaking of illegal, I want to say you're right now. The American public might sit still. They might sit back while there's people like Jay Rockafeler and Cape Bailey Hutchinson are introducing this fascist legislation among them. They want to extend their incredible chilling business. And of course, they had a two, three times. They'd be sea-less, that one they askers. They want to set it to satellite and cable. You know what? Satellite and cable don't come over into your house to the public airway. Oh, yeah. They have no jurisdiction. None. Because if they could do that, the next thing's going to be there. They're going to go back and try that again. Right? And then come into your house on wire and then private conversations that you're having. Right. What are all these things on that? And there are we doing that. And especially if you have anybody who watched in journalists who exposes them for all these things, they're going to follow you in hassle. You and maybe you're playing a father's scalli call well-stone. How do I? Let's hear an name doing. Speaking of playing a father's scalli. Katherine Harris. Katherine Harris. He's still there. 13 at 5. 60. If you're hungry, I mean, you've got a big appetite. Then you'll love John the bigger. What day are they coming in again? Tomorrow. Oh, no. No wasting any time. Of course, we got those volumes and everything with the amount of food they bring. And you don't want to be there on a short, short day. You want to make sure you got all four hours to eat the fantastic feast they bring in. John the Baker two locations for you. They're unpindable of our home depot center. Just west of Flamingo. And the brand new John the Baker. The Sterling Town Center. Steering in Pine Island, the owner of Cooper City. The food is fresh. It is delicious. They give you a big gigantic portions. The prices are right. Tini. So you can take a whole family and just pick out all the time. Sausages and peppers. Chicken Parmesan. Big ZD. Orleson. All your favorite deciding goodies. And don't forget John the Baker's World Famous. This is Big Is Shacks Head. And they are out of this world too. George and Josh should try just about everything on the menu. They really wave about the fantastic sloppy sausage subs. It will also forget the meatball. It's all great. And it's all fresh. And the pizza is good as it gets in Sausages. So take a whole family. Orcola had for take out in Pemberpines, called 954. 431-4315. Orcouper City, called 954. 252-091. Always huge portions. Always the best Italian food. Always affordable too. It gets no better than John the Baker. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-18-18. This is log on to www.wng.com. Head Witness to the Women Authentic Autographs, Blathom, your career based fall. courtesy of President Xi in 24th year. And sports video 516-16. 2AAM. I think it's a good. Take take it all. After me, I'll be here for nearly two years, the groundbreaking show that we define family. Returns to HBO on March 12th. It's the season for me, or of the Supreme Hosts. Hey Tony, how are you doing? How are you? Tony, it's me Christopher. You're not here. I don't know any Christopher, but I don't have any of that. Tony, what's wrong? Why are you walking? What's wrong? What's wrong? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? It over a million. You're fighting hand in an armed fake friend? They are talking about a cop. You are the way that people fight each other. Don't play human. During the2009 crack. But now deathotte. Really? Oh, I go Fred. Oh, who is it? He's my C.R. Stay. Oh, she's always. You had a kill last season. By what? Yeah. She had anything to do with the money. You're paying back. No, she went to the fence. Oh, that was a fence. The Supranos are back, or our 12th. Well, the second episode, you like 14,000. Oh, I think I'll pass. Too late now to get started. Throw my take. Thank you, William. How are we doing? Thank you, William. Van. A whopping $4. Oh, he's. Oh. Oh. He also wanted us to say that it's dried through service. You don't have to get out of your car to get a CD. Miguel's out there. He just pulled it up. So, come on. You're coming on to the wheel. Come to you. But then how do you sign up to when your $1,000 shopping script you just would write on to there? Good point. Yeah. Well, maybe he can be like the entry-minded fellow at all. I think probably the people at Van Soto parts would rather that you went inside and spend some money, or at least looked around. Of course, I don't do too much shopping in the auto parts. I don't know why you guys. That's not what you said. So you said that much of that used to. In a room where you've heard about better play this is the set up for this story. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess I were begging please. Papa, rot these come in after you. You got a crash. If you roll off, no rich guys for you. Princess I is gone. Princess I is gone. I'm going to a tunnel. Hello. Oh. This is a very strong man. A official British inquiry to the 97 death of Princess Die, and then high speed car crashes found no evidence of foul play in Newspaper reports today. The Diele Mile said the interim report to be published in May by former Metro Police Commissioner Sir John Stevens will dismiss conspiracy theories about the deaths of Dieana, her boyfriend Doty Phi Ed and their chauffeur Henri Paul. In a personal. These theories include allegations that Prince Charles was plotting the Hills from a wife by staging her car accident. Phi Ed's father, my hand that I'll fly anyone's heritage departments to her mother and say you know which suspects, but also his father Prince Philip. That old toad. But the two you're investigating by tentative said that even a skilled racing driver would have had difficulty controlling the Mercedes-Benz car in Dieana and said her to the pond on the tunnel in Paris, the Daily Mail says that his papers had a French judicial sources at one point in three of a day not in a father nobody cares. Nobody here cares. That's for damn sure. All that silly bird crap about what? Eight hundred and seventy three votes on a poll. I care about that. We're going to make a thousand today, which is pretty amazing considering the fact if you were fit as home today, you think the transmitter was all when you would. I can't recall a day in the months, maybe years when it's been this sparse. I think they shot all the remote for the last week during that anniversary week. Maybe we did too. Maybe that's why it's a good thing we all these ball games, you know. Stay them good. In fact, yeah, I'm thinking about something very convenient because that conversation that calls coming from clearance to two, and maybe you'll take more extra time at the dentist tomorrow. What are you laughing about? You know what I'm saying? I told myself a joke I never heard before. Well, well, because the apartments in nine, because that's the one time that could squeeze me in. And yeah, I thought a big deal's not an emergency thing, but it would be nice you could get that all fixed up in the shiny and whatever they do, right? But I don't think they can do that, how do they do the make a false tooth? That's what that was before, right? And they would do it on. That's right. Evidently not very tightly, but they are. I don't want to be picking on my good buddy, Dr. Gary. What was the worst movie of 2005? 877 votes didn't see any 299, still 34 percent of this crowd didn't see any 2005 movie. You know, come on, man. What is it? What is it with you, peoples? Ducstah has hit 1.26. And we're not suggesting to see any of these because these all suck, but I mean there were some good movies right like crash and right, since density, what else? I'm done. That's it. I hate this poll 75. Brokeback, Broke ass mounting 90s 64. War the world's 58. Ducst Bigelow, European Jigalo 48. I'm just like the way that sounds. Nice of a little reason. Be wits 47. Get right your die trying 26. Star Wars the tiered 17. House of wax 15. Doom 13. Fantastic 412 King Kong 11. Aion Flux 10. Harry Potter and the Gablo to fire 9. Still Scott and I. The constant gardeners moving up to 8. Electric 8. Supercross the movie 5. Hydren Sieg 4. Guess who for alone in the dark 3. In the blue 3. Dominal 2. 9 songs finally got 1. Solomon Thayuno and Ma-Mari and I'm discovered. He's got the none. How do you 77? Is that like Polari? Ma-Mari. Is that like that? What is that mean? What? Volari? Ma-Mari. I have no idea. How about Ma-Mari? Oland Amari? He kicks him Fari? Oland Amari? He started choke last couple of scenes. He said John, she started to become a choke artist. Yeah. Not that we're upset about the 40 bucks out there. I've been promoting it since like 10 o'clock. 43. 80 Southwest. 8th Street and Miami advanced auto parts. We got no calls. Actually now they're all ringing. I don't know. And no 40 bucks out there. That's a real kick in the ass. After a little of Andy, you're always telling me that's our audience out there. Man, didn't say a little. That's our audience. All those old green, two-thool. Those speaking in glaze. Common Easter. That's our crowd. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Nelson Roger Sullivan. Speaking. Daniel. And you're opinion. What was your favorite movie of 2005? I didn't get to hear that. I'm sorry. No, the poll wasn't the favorite. It was the most movie to that. Wash. You know, Rashid McFay. I was just wondering what your favorite. Rash. Rash was your favorite movie? Yes. Yeah, let me shoot him. But I like Harold and Kumar. What about that, George? Yeah, it was very good. That's a thousand bucks. Yeah, I did like Rash. We got three. Okay, thanks. You got a new phone. Salle, he was about to crash. Should've let's do that. I mean, yeah, we're not going to steer you wrong. If there's anybody out there hasn't seen crash, you'll be able to get it. Go out and buy it, steal it, rent it. Right. Right. Hi, Jack. A little copy. It's just, and the song was up for us. We didn't win, but you know, the best original of the song from movie. Right. I don't know what the name of the song came on me. I don't think that was it. What? Shame on you. If it's only once. Shame on you. But anyway, not the song. And it was very reminiscent. Because we talked so much about the movie. Being very much like Magnolia. It was all these different. Yeah, very, very similar. And there's a song in there that was reminiscent too. But it wasn't reminiscent of this. The other one. What was the other song from Magnolia? One moment is so low. Oh, my God. Why so? But they're very similar. And you know what I'm talking about? I got to watch it again. I think I'm going to watch it again this way. Majority of my better take couple of calls. Somebody QAM Hello. Two. I mean, somebody QAM. Somebody QAM. All right. Wait a second. Tom, there's the answer. All right. Okay, second. How did the galaxy was the absolute terrible movie? Did you see it? Yes, it was. When you did that, then. What is it? The seconds. The galaxy. Okay, and it. Thanks. You seen it? Yeah, unfortunately. Oh. So sorry. Me too. W QA. W QAM. Hello. Oh. W QAM. Hello. Yeah. You know. Ask. And Mar felicities back then. Till men  your brain. Well, they're asking that. No. No, it's what around. Never got any? Never got any. Ever got to get out. Never part of Who that was born in Chicago. Momke. Thanks to be records. I'm lying. Yeah, we're a secondwind after processing. Avenge Auto Faraz. It's for unfortunate. But then again, yeah 43, 83 came out. Master. pretty much always know when it's going to be a losing proposition. All right. Yep. Have everyone a block couple of times. I know that neck of the woods. Remember he used to be on Southwest aid streets a matter of fact? Did you remember he used to be on there? We used to have a pizza joint on there? Who did? Was he on a street? Flagler street. Flagler. Yeah. Well, same difference, Mon. In fact, I think the old WSWFUN, that's where we started WNWS for a couple of months than we had the flood when the waters came out of the door and flooded out the whole building. I did a show in my bare feet. Did we do a show in your bare feet? Well, I did a lot right there. That's why you got a lot of thoughts on that olive oil on the fed. That's a word of what's that I think? I think that by actually they have a doctor. Is it shows? That's not great. That's the great cream stuff man for your feet. It's especially pretty dark. I've been eating it like smooth and like, oh man, I've had to go smooth. 20, eight past noon at QM Beach Foreigner's before it is gone mad. It's madness and march all this month at Beach Forward. They've just missed having a record month last month. So this month they're going to break the record there. They're just sticking with it. Right now, STEM can't forward one. Fifty's are as low as 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro credit in the 39 month lease. Madness and March at Beach Forward means you must be mad. You must be nuts. Not to take advantage of rebates and discounts about to $10,000 on all new and use vehicles. If you're not in the market for new car, but you do know somebody who is insurance enemy to beach for because if they take delivery in March Beach Forward, we'll send you 200 bucks in cash and then money comes for their advertising budgets so it will infect your friends price at all. Dole miss out on this once a year event Beach Forward's madness in March. Extended can forward one fifty's as low as you're 249 bucks a month. This counts and rebates about to ten thousand dollars and 200 bucks in cash is for<|ms|>ering of friend. So get your rest in your Beach Forward to Mouses  of the Golden Glaze on 163 It's Rhine Wastigz Stythaway. I guarantee I'll butcher anybody's life. your beach for an experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162A. A beautiful house in I don't know. American Idol. It's Dick Cheney. You shot and you just got a bird. There's a bird. There's a bird. There's a bird. There's a bird. There's a bird. There's a dress. It was just a reeds. It was just a reeds. It was just a reeds. Caramel is the word. We've heard the word. 2327-01-01. We've got BOLKIMBABOKAMPAR. Any interest? No. We've got Mad Dog 4-630. And then the Panther game. The Pantsies who are rapidly fading from the playoffs, who will a trade-away only open in by the way. And then probably won't be able to be seen of Roberto the Longland. And they're going to have like no franchise left. So I goes. Here's a fact, is listening you for the first time, says January, moved to Phoenix, listening on the internet. After 20 years in South Florida, I feel like I got parole. Congratulations, whoever you are. Everyone here is friendly and happy. Just like here in Toronto, eh? Not everybody, but most. The only people speaking Spanish are my landscaping crew. I used to live in plantation, which is becoming more and more like high, Alia. I said Georgia's favorite all-time facts a few months ago. How do I explain to my children blank? Remember that? Yes. What was that? A poll? I forgot. Oh, no. I just can't wait. I come to give you a $12,000 race to get there a lot of Florida paid my moving expenses. Whether it's an amidst 70 sunny in the day, cool at night, it'll give you a lot from June to September, like they just no big deal. Some of my friends are moving to Atlanta. Oh, that's not a good move. Another couple is moving to North Carolina to replace our sales manager just came down from there. People are escaping South Florida. You are. That's so little incorrect. Miss you, Sheryl Van't and I'll have it to come back. We'll listen on the web of Kasia Mason's theory. South Florida sucks in love it out west. I like that. I do that. Yeah, that's another reason we got real tourists. Not only we got all these illegal aliens for a year of the statement coming up on River Rast, but our people are all bailing out. Maybe that's why I'm more and more, more and more, more, and more, or listen on the internet. Also for the bun, this is a silly Maurice, fancy 87. I voted for I didn't see it. He was devoted for because I'm too wise to pay for bad movie. Oh, thanks. Thanks Maurice, keep listening. That's a crap. Wait to hear this. Okay. WDQA in. Hello. Yes, sir. Just picked up my CD and tickets. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, they got mommy. He tickets or fighting rooster. I took the tickets. Okay. He's got a few pictures left so they'd better help out get the CD. Okay, thanks. Sugar Lighty said rooster. Yeah, one. Now one. Well tickets for what? Like I know. Might be the only he tickets. Do you think this promo is anything about money? No, maybe it's a secret. No. Well, we sure wouldn't want to tell people that because then they might actually show off. Maybe he's scalping about there. No, I think somebody already sold him on eBay. Parents complained about books undertones. I might tell you that this is what I want to say. Wait, I didn't mean that call. Okay. Yes, thank you very much for your help, Pally. Savannah, Missouri. I didn't know there was this of Anna, Missouri. I know there's Savannah, Georgia and same difference. A children's book about two male penguins that raise a baby penguin has been moved to the non-fiction section of two public library branches after parents complained to have homosexual undertone. The gay penguins. Oh, God. Be very, very worried about the gay penguins. Every day. The illustrated book and tango makes three is based on a true story of two male penguins named Roy Cairo who adopted an abandoned egg. A New York City Central Park Zoo in late 1990s. Maybe I'm not young in the older. Remember he's talking about the egg hatching? That's right. I remember that story as a matter of fact. They adopted an abandoned egg. That's right. Touched. The book. Well, maybe they were touching each other too much. The book written by Peter Parnell and Justin Richardson was moved from the children section at two rolling hills, consolidated libraries, branches, and Savannah and stanges of a northwestern misery. Two parents had expressed concerns about the book last month. Our friend of those gave penguins what kind of a message is that send to our children. Actually, you know, they were sent in the animal world as fags. Farber read the Rolling Hills director said experts report that the doctions are not unusual in the penguin world. However, moving the book to the non-fiction section would decrease the chance that it would blind side readers, she said. We have to protect the readers and we have to send to the book. And we have to monitor your phone calls. And we have to beat the crap and follow journalists around if they know where we like any idea of the idea. Majority of Americans believe Iraq civil war is likely. And overwhelming majority of the public belief fighting between Sunni and Shiite Muslims in American fact, I think that's what we find out to say about it. I see that Tom Harkin says, let's get all out right now. Who would draw? Let's just say, through our arms up in the NCAA, Shiite can get that out. They believe fighting between Sunni and Shiite Muslims in Iraq will lead to civil war in Afghanistan. The U.S. and begin withdrawing its forces from that violence-turn country right now, according to the very latest watch and post ABC News full. The survey found that 80% of Americans is dumb as they are, believe you may. They are dumb. Believe that the thing about it is like, you know, all these stories like we had last week about they know the names of the judges on a American idol, but they don't know the first and memory of the constitution. And maybe it's not all that important to know all these historical things and all about your country. But at least it's important to know a little bit about the rest of the world. I mean, you know, unless you're just an internal cocoon like a flamingo with a 10-migrant, that's right, an ostrich. But that's America for a man who obsessed with crap. Because there's no profit that we made by educating the public. It's not quite the contrary, because that's when they become dangerous. That's when they start revolting. And they're pretty revolting. 80% believe that recent sectarian violence made civil war in Iraq likely, and more than a third such a country, it was very likely to occur. Expectations for an all-out sectarian war are snetted beyond party lines. More than seven in 10 Republicans in eight and 10 Democrats in political and depends on the civil war, like we more than seven in 10 Republicans. How do you like them apples? Uh, huh? W. You idiot. What do you say? Abu Ghara, right, told me once. In the face of the continued violence fully half 52% of the Soviets said the US should begin with drawing forces. But only one in six favored immediate withdrawal of all troops from Iraq. Well, count me two. Now, before any more, you know, they show that horrible picture, that poor guy, that kid, the hobbling around he's got almost both legs, Missy. He's got artificial lemma, limon, one leg. He's got the, and there's Bush sucking up to him and shaking his hand. Another nice photo off like he really cares, you know? The survey reflected a sharp decline in optimism sparked by the sectarian violence and flared in our racks since the bombings of that revered Shiite Mosque weeks ago, since then deadly confrontation of occurred between Shiites and Sunnis. They're crazy religionists. Don't you understand? And what can we ought to know is you don't mess with crazy religionists. Don't feel like those farbizs in the glam. Like they're Jews in the glam and the herbs in the Middle East. Enough with that already. Like I told you, as the Indian times, if they want to kill each other, throw a steel home and touch that animal. Say here, have a good time. Go at it. Don't forget, great foreign policy, uh, cool though by the president on this last trip. Nooks for India and we get mangoes in return. And the interesting part of it is, there's only two foods that I'm allergic to. What does mangoes mean? What's the green melon's? Honey do melons. Okay. And that ironic? I'm allergic to the bark mango tree. I mean, instead of the nooks, can you just take and kid curry over there? I mean, we're not doing anything with the muses. Just take him over there. They like that curry. Well, what's the story with him anyways? He out? Yes. At power analysis, look at what's going on man. There's some real shenanigans going on at Beesley. Trust me what I'd tell you. Greg Reed out, uh, Curtis, uh, what that was the very raven bird. He pre-viscels manager out, uh, kid curry out. Water Nazi, out, or at least very soon. I still think we ought to auction off all the memory of Bion E-bay. This is Neil Roger. That's a new life, 16th. You, eh. Yes. Well, it doesn't would be nicer. Two test-teak in for one day. But I don't want to go a day without a trifle fee. I think it daily goes twice. I'm sad it is for two days. No one that paid to shove a date. Susan with my head like a pills or one with fear when we'll have no one. I knew when I'd had a too many bad act. Especially when my face is on the floor. Oh, I made some time on some trusty portion. And I get a millionaire's favorite. And my sister said he for the, oh, I got a statement. I got a statement. Oh, I got a statement. I got a statement. I got a statement. 1244 or 560. Let's get that report from Vans AutoFarts. 280. Well, that's not too bad. And by the way, that guy's a crazy person. There's no heat tickets going on or whatever he said. He got the, look, just lie about it. Okay. It's getting more people on there. Yeah. It's wrong with you. Let's see, 68 11, well, very soon. It will be over 12 grand. Right? Right? 11, 86, 85. Yeah. I mean, we can get, well, what was, I guess we should for 500 out there, right? Because it's just not, it's not. It's not. Right. Oh, my god. This is so sad. By the way, I think I'll tape the film conversation to two. And current's calls today. You know, as he couldn't even give me like a half hour to make me a burger or something. Have a little lunch or make me a kill ball. Put it off if you want. No, no, that's okay. And I like to get it over with. Because I think it's going to be short. But I'll be more in happy to tape it for again. Then we can like, play it on the ear. Okay, here, excerpt. I've been trying to tell you people for years, do not waste your money and risk your life on cruise ships. Haven't I been trying to tell you that? Yeah, if you have to. Listen to me. Uh, more than 200 passengers left my man a rock to where we increased last week. Return Sunday as survivors of gastrointestinal illness. Oh, over the course of the seven night trip on explore of the seas. 243 of the 3252 guests in 19 of the 1184 crew members. Experience what is really the no role virus to point with statement released by the cruise company. The virus is a common cause of infectious gastroenteritis prevalent in hospitals. The nursing arm is cruise ships and other semi-inclosed environments. Roller means that in the release that a passenger apparently brought the virus on board and all those affected were treated. As passengers disembarked at the port of Miami yesterday morning, many complaints that they've been confined to their cabin for about five days. Some say they experienced chills, diarrhea and fever. Oh, man. Like I said, die and the fever. Normally the cruise is great. So passengers do a cliff of disfemble and 10 grand for a family that you want to cruise. This time it wasn't. Wow, Joe. Say they chew Joe. Joe mama. Isn't that pathetic? Yeah, that's a, that's pathetic. Normally it's great, but this one time, you know, just this one time. I like to ask me about family business. With no role viruses are thoughts of affected estimate that 300 million people around the world are here. The cruise line of the ship which made stops in Belize, Mexico's UK attend and the came out. How about those two that could even be in trouble. I went down for their daughters graduation, whatever was a Mexico or wedding. And they got killed. Mexico. Right. Yeah. And nobody knew nothing. Right. The world was about that. Yeah. Don't go to Mexico. I keep telling you people do not go on cruise and do not go to Latin America. I mean anywhere. The ship which made stops in Belize, Mexico's UK attend and the came in islands. Oh, came in islands. Sailed for Miami for boy 26 when a doctor in Georgetown came in Island Friday. Health authorities demanded the guests with the illness remain on the ship. World Caribbean said it worked with came in health authorities to follow isolation recommendations by the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Now here comes the Kudigras. Oh, God. This is the best. The cruise company said all guests who are isolated through the illness received a 50 million. They 50% credit for a future cruise. That is the all-time best. Okay. We want to compensate you. Right. So picking your guts out and having wild, screaming by a real. And so therefore, we're going to need you at 50% credit for a future. People who've got to have wild by a really paying fruit. What's not to lie? All right. Pretty like that of us there. The statement said the company's taking proactive steps to control and eradicate the illness and the steps include heightened sanitation procedure for crew members and hence cleaning procedures like they might wash their hands once a week. Special cleaning products and disinfectant for the company ships and additional physicians on board for the explore of the seas, which was scheduled to sail yesterday. I think like that. Sign me up right now. 10 grand. They've got to go out like to anywhere in Europe. They could add a hell of a time. Could have gone to a nice decent hotel for star hotel five star even. Had some fantastic meals. Seeing some wonderful things. Gone to Roma. Berlin. Amsterdam. Stockholm. Tel-Sthinking. Munich. Munich. Right. Tudino. There is a place. All these. All these. All of these places. But no. They go on a cruise ship. It's been thousands and thousands. For the honor of being stuck on here at the middle of the ride. And of course, they want to get to be rocky seas. Then you really puke in your guts. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, look at this. They just discovered somebody's concert or what does Dubai company managing the US ports. How runs to Dickie who writes in the Toronto star actually even though it's online. I feel more like kind of more kosher reading it right out of the paper. And I'm excited. Yeah, that's a thrill. It is. I'm squeezing it. He writes in a bush-nuf's legal and ethical constraints. Bush-nuf's legal and ethical constraints. Iron. That's what the Americans call Iran pronounced Iran. This is a minor matter compared to how the US is bullying Iran over its nuclear program, even while rewarding India for committing worst transgressions of international nuclear rules. All nation states operate in their own interests, of course. But American disregard for the law and the moral and political inconsistency of its foreign policy has set a new low under George W. Bush. I'm Thursday. He signed an historic nuclear deal with India. Santa Claus giveaways at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Would little of no regard for its impact on the effort to contain Iran and North Korea? Friday was in Pakistan rejecting a plea from his host that they too be given access to civilian nuclear technology, since they are in the same boat as India, having developed the bomb on the slime refusing to sign a nuclear non-proliferation treaty. Bush responds correctly that India's transparent democracy is not had an AQ con like nuclear bizarre. So you think that the present advocate of democracy in the Muslim world will be leaning hard on general pervert morshare of two Haitians of Indian rule, rather than gathering more power in his hands. In Bush only offered a lame rhetoric, the atmosphere must move toward democracy but. The present needs the general and the war on terrorism, especially hunting down Al-Qaeda and Taliban remnants along the Afghan Pakistan border. Bush needs India even more for host evries, including its booming economy, which U.S. businesses want to tap. Hence the nuclear concessions ignoring both U.S. and international law, Bush has promised India access to high-end technology, and the current needs to plug nuclear fuel. In return, India gets to keep its nuclear arms program. It will have to open up only 14 of its 20 to reactors for inspection. The rest of can keep secret including a fast reader reactor that produces the plutonium for bombs, it can even build more breeders. Well that's just what they need in India's more breeders. There is however an argument that rather than a gift from Sandy Claus, this is a tough bargain. It opens up two thirds of India's secret program to inspection, which is why the IAEA, the nuclear inspection arm of the UN welcomes it. But the lesson new seeking nations can draw is clear as the late CAVU to a prime minister Pakistan once famously said, EAT grants if he must have free up the resources to develop the bomb and the world will eventually embrace you. With one simple move, the President's blown a hole in the nuclear world that the world has been claimed by, said representative Ed Markey, deleting critical to the deal in Congress. How do you now go after your ran? Unlike India, Pakistan or Israel, it's side to nonforephorish and treaty. It hasn't violated the treaty, which entitles it to develop nuclear energy. What Iran is guilty of is cheating, hiding some aspects of its program, and a lot of fiery anti-American anti-Israeli rhetoric. But its cheating is the minstrel compared to Israel's indies and Pakistan. That's why the atomic energy agency report which goes before its board of governors tomorrow is so mild. The agency cannot give Iran a clean bill of health, but it can find no proof of a nuclear weapons program. India is more guilty than Iran could be said, the LAPRA, a London-based expert on Iran, North Korea is more guilty than Iran could be. All this is awkward enough, but there's more. Trying to sell the India deal with a skeptical Congress, both says that giving India more nuclear power will take the pressure off the global demand for energy. This is precisely what rich Nixon's Gerald Ford said in the 70s, to rationalize their plan to sell the Shah of Iran nuclear power plants. But flush with a bulging extra, her thanks to rising world prices from 73 and 74, he ignored US corporations and awarded the first contract for nuclear plant to the semen's of West Germany, or here on the Iranian Labyrinth. One is left with no other conclusion that the US basically does what it wants and tries to rationalize by dictating the medium mantra of the day. None of this should come as a surprise after all the US was once a great friend of Sadah Husham. This makes it antipassant. So we're going to have on the next report probably a 12 grand or more right, at least. Oh, it's not to lie, especially when they find out about those gold, the balloons that it goes hand again with it. Oh yeah, of course those three passes for all you can eat buffet, is it any restaurant in the world? Off for you. How we do it on the poll, baby, a 936, what we're going to have a thousand easy day. This is no pressure. Thank God. The only pressure is going to be a two o'clock. You want to listen and I'll give you a conference call. Okay. Put it on speaker. You see, you know what it is? And you've had 20 of experience both of you with people like this. They don't know when to, you know that drop you got just walk away. They don't want to do that. Just walk away. That's right. Now there's leave bad enough alone. Just, you know, let things simmer down, relax, let everyone let people have to get, no, they can't do that. Just man. This child, JJ, he is dedicated to destroying my life. And that's why I'm telling you man, I can see any day now. You're coming to study on the morning and you'll open and you won't hear anything. It'll be dark. It'll be dark. It'll be dark. What was the worst movie of 2005? 937, most didn't see any, a little under 34% in our making progress. 360. Looks like it has a 134. I hate this poll 80. Well, we hate you too, how do you like that? Broke ass mountain, 68. War the world, 62. Hey Tommy, you're fairie. Didn't see a hurl last night. The wish 51, douche big low, European giga-low 51. You're rich, you die trying 20, 7. Star Wars, the third, 20. House of wax, 16, fantastic 413, doom 13. Stealth 12, King Kong 12. Harry Potter, goblah to fire 11. A on flux 10. Can we say that? The constant card in our nine should have a lot. Well, I'm thankfulness, most even see it, because you'd be really peoed. In like the nine, super cross the movie five, high and seek for, guess who for, alone in the dark three, end of the blue three, domino, how about, no, no blue, depintor to blue, how but divintico medunio on chavoborechids. Speaking of olor, what we just talked about that moment ago, or into the blue three, domino two, the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy one, nine so long as one, and none for mama, de toto, and none to discover. Voila, there you go, so very cool again. Voila, this is the body right now. The aquiselle is not so good, but the doll I got, and we're talking to the gecko, and just hey Bobby, have another drink. You know, that song has somewhere beyond the beyond the sea, right? And of course the fishes are in the sea, and he used to drink like a fish, and who is he married to, said, with me, and other both dead? They had kind of a touching thing like a little Bobby Derr. I'm a geferne, beyond the sea. And who are you just planning? Oh, Bobby, right, Del, get your Bobby's crossed. Oh, I'm a tanya, what's this on? They can picture Bobby, right Del and A, magazine? Yeah, yeah, that was pretty impressive. Well, there's beyond the sea, Bobby Derr, and have another drink. Now, would you listen to me, they had kind of a touching segment, which I think you missed because you only watched the end of it, which is a good choice. I had a touching segment, but when they showed, I put some of the, all the people Hollywood people had died in last year in 2005. And there was Sandwood, he was on there, and Barbara Bell Gettys, and who else did, though, we know that we owned the Richard prior. And then there were some people that were like, you know, cinematographer or, you know, and there was like, you know, and then there was somebody that was well known. Hey, like that, yeah, it's kind of. Yeah, it's a fucking, you know, like we don't care that this one died, but this one, oh, yeah, yeah, it's a very, very tragic. So after the, when we come back for that big one or two, we're going to be over 12 grand for Band of Paris. You did this thing is often running, isn't it? It's running. Now, two assignments for you, folks, online, go on there and buy your, your, fuck, turn to me. These are teachers, please. And number two, be sure and watch their loose change parts one and two. Right? Yes, to must. Or, you know, you just won't know what they're doing. I don't know, let me if you don't want to know what's going on. That's fine. If you don't want to start thinking about it, I mean, it's depressing. People are jumping out windows and dying stuff like that, but that ain't in your president. This is real run. Not run. Your president is five, sixty, two, five. We could have, we just got that out. The one I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the one with paint and lips around the pole. I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two. I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers iron balance one and two hours. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Ever dream to be in a past in 80's past dark one. Now make this full of herself every week on national television. Well, now you can. With the Paula Abdul Mejha's student grandchild thought in the evening co-parent, Trevor Jammer. Hello. That's right. In just three short weeks, we'll see you have a similar stuff. And you aren't just gone. I mean, just everything doesn't. Every from them. I mean, do they need that? I mean, so I'll teach you how to stare the lively at the camera and learn how to slur, brambling and suddenly just join the segment. Every from them, they stand. And then moment you open up your mouth. Which just standing there from them. Some of them, you, your artistry. What a pick. So, for all the wrong rappers. You're actually giving me an edge. I imagine the discomfort and embarrassment you'll create for your co-workers. Who are forced to sit next to you and behave as if nothing is wrong? It was a complete, I'm awesome. Imagine touching my attention and all. Everything just happened to you and all. I'm not even serious. You're really patient. I'm just sleeping five. I apologize, and my heart has been hurt. I've got now for your son. At the Paula Abdul Mejha's school of grandchild thought an incoherent shiver channel. Just gonna be so difficult to get any worse. It is. Call now. 1-800-Jibber Jammer. That's 1-800-Jibber Jammer. 1-1-2-Amen. This just did only seconds ago. Federal judge today refused to delay sentencing 90 days for the Squarespace lobbyist, Jack Aybermoth, the despite statements from government lawyers that sending a broad conclusion could jeopardize this cooperation for ongoing criminal probes. US District Judge Paul Huck sent sentencing for Aybermoth and could have been an and caday in from March 29th. But, say, he probably would not require an immediate surrender. Allowing them to stay free to assist investigators. Got it? Okay. Here's a facts from a list like we were buddy Markle, Louis didn't put his name on a head over a list like his head or and of course he's wrong. All day forgot Dennis Weaver in the tribunal because it was people who died in 2005. Dennis Weaver just died a couple of weeks ago. I knew that would not want you to correct that guy. Oh, brother. And, is he relaxed tonight's alleged drug trafficker, to Miami? Because we need a lot more good drugs than Miami. A suspected Israeli mob boss described by US prosecutors as one of the world's most wanted drug traffickers. Was extra that to the US today, police said, Zeve Rosenstein signed a suspected mob and distributed more than a many next to Zeve Pills in the US. Mostly in New York and Miami. Was handed over to US marshals that had been during international airport New Tel Aviv airport. Was taken to board a direct allow flight to Miami. We were held faced drug charges. Police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said, The target of numerous gangland assassination attempts in the past. Rosenstein was driven to the airport in undercover police car, accompanied by several motorcycles Israeli radio is reported. It was a carefully planned operation under sensitive circumstances. Decided to ensure that he arrived at the airport in peace and quiet, without any disturbance to public order Rosenfeld said. What if he's kind of a sunny Rosenberg? He's still alive, damn it's Jesus. He said the extradition was the result of a long investigation conducted in coordination with the US law enforcement agencies. Israeli police acting on an international arrest warrant arrested Rosenstein more than a year ago for allegedly smuggling drugs from Europe to the US. The US act to destroy a question that had been December 2004 said Rosenstein was involved in the activity more than one million pills of extacy. Court documents said. Mostly in New York and Miami. How are we doing at the eighth street? 300. Last time we discussed this about a half an hour ago was 280. Right, this is true. I lied. I said we have over 12,000 after the one o'clock break. We have 11,0885. So close. The at so far. I would say if I was a gambling man, which I'm not, we've got to help out better chance of getting a thousand votes on our pulveria 956 today before to a clock as opposed to like making 12 grand out there in that location. But don't you want the $1,000 bills that Miguel's hanging on? That's right. Three. Right. And the linking condos that everybody gets. Cool. Probably. I'll offer more time. I'm getting a tear to your buddy there. He's going to be easy to really pay. I told you what the story was. These things were up. This happens every year. Right. They booked the van in advance. Yeah. I understand that. Well, why couldn't we've had we've got two vans. I told you that. We're all these unveication this week. Because that was the first thing I asked them. I told you my ass. I'll go get the flower. So another resentio only choice we had was Roy. That's he's the only other promotions person that's licensed to drive the van. I mean, we've got some part-time teenage flukkeys, but they can't drive the van. Well, I'm giving the keys. Okay. Give him a shot. Yeah. See how. We got some part-time teenagers working their home. Like 1819 1314. No, well, that's, yeah. The QM van will be at the grand opening of advance auto parts. It's there right now as a matter of fact waiting for you to go to a clock. And Miguel probably is just really an out of a crestball and for what a bomb he lay in egg. A penguin egg. 4380 Southwest eighth street in Miami. That's the hub. That's the heart of our audience man. Right there on eighth street Kai Ocho. They love this show. We got those. About 30 man. He shirts and the CDs of course with all kinds of good stuff on them. And he can sign up to win a $1,000 shopping speed advance auto parts. If we gave you a million dollars would you show up on? No, 10 million. No. Abelian. No. How about some heat tickets? No. Panther tickets. No. You wonder where? No. Paul Schroma Jrgen 570. I mean that's just it's just I'm going to leave down on the floor you know. I got a bad tooth. Take the like with you. Haven't a relapse. Paul Schroma Jrgen 570 states discipline president Bush. All right. Southern states got that. I got it. And majority of adults in five key seven states discipline president Bush's job performance and says the war in Iraq was not worth fighting according to an Elon University pull release Friday. In the survey 52 percent of respondents said they this approved a strong with the civil abortion job performance compared to 43 percent who said they approved a strong approved. As well as the war with Iraq was worth fighting a snow majority 51 percent said no only 44 percent of those that yes. All five of these states went to Bush in the 2004 Virginia North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida less than 18 months later Bush has even closed the majority of total and those states. I like that. For him not even right 50 percent not even approaches his all need to say 100 B. caught an Elon political science professor and director of the pool. In five words states have been ardent supporters of Bush. He can't even approach 50 percent. Can't even approach it. I like that. Can't even come with an a farting distance of it. What kind of a distance is that about three feet. What kind of range do you have? Tom Beach County teacher. I got news for I could tear out elevators. I got a department buildings. Entire city blocks. Tom Beach County teacher arrested after confessing the sex with minors. Amanda and the only the only reason I put this story on there and I'm reading it. Can you see what school was? No. Amanda 30's identified as a teacher day private Christian school. Was arrested Saturday. If you confess having sex with minors. Changes of stuff. 29 of a palm Springs. A teacher at some a Christian school in West Palm Beach. Which are as with four counts of an off-lactivity with certain minors. And four counts of battery of a child. According to records from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office. He's being held at the Palm Beach County Jewel on 25 grand bond. As of yesterday. On February 1st authorities contacted so full in Tennessee. Oh, that's where we swore this boom's from. That's why she was so good. I walked the line. I'll show you. By. Where he confines he's married to Ryan to leap. Where he confessed his actions were counselor that he religious retreat. And interviews with detective stuff lamented when engaging in sexual conduct. October number 2005 with a 16 year old boy he met when both were involved in a lake worth community theater production. Staff will also have a sexual relationship with one of his students in somewhat Christian school that began when the boy was 14 years old. That case is still under investigation. Staff will tell the authorities he'd engaged in sexual conduct with boys in both Palm Beach and Broward counties Navy back 10 or 11 years. In a statement to the authorities he said he's been a music teacher at some a Christian school as Papa passed five and a half years. A Christian school employee who declined to give her name said yes that it was not currently employed at the school though she didn't release information about his exact dates of employment at the school. Chad Stoffel is a former employee of some a Christian school. She said school faces are investigating this matter. The rest of the week is always our students and families are almost priority. Covering your ass, CYA that's your most priority honey. Who the hell you can hear some good news for you? Of all people man to Pope ain't going to be too pleased about this or some of those other for a business going. Guess who's going to be killing the morning after pill? I give up. Somebody you hate. Oh no not Walmart. Yeah really. Well there's money to be made. Walmart stores and Friday that all of its pharmacies would carry morning after contraceptive pills bowing to pressure from state seeking the force of world's biggest retailer in do so. Quit trying to like use your religion as a weapon and beat people over the head with it. You, you, not these you bastards. Oh, car bombing in Bakuba market cause of least five. Is that a six? Is that a new one? Five more bombies in Iraq. I think that's a new one. I think that's a new one. So I guess we're having to do it too bad to the other one. But maybe half dozen people didn't Iraq today. That's a large visual forty fifty hundred. It is staying in post it on a website. Walmart said all of its pharmacies would be incurring plan beat contraceptives as of March 20. But added that workers who didn't feel comfortable dispensing a prescription could be for customers for another pharmacist or a pharmacy. A Walmart spokeswoman said the company would not come and be on the comments contents of the statement. We expect more states to require us to show emergency contraceptives and months ahead said Ron Chomik, VP of pharmacy for Walmart. And by the way, any drugs that you take a Walmart or if you take them, you will become a Board of Incretion within a hour. Oh, yeah, within hour. Let's speak it in tongues right away. Right. Because of this, in the fact that this is an FDA for product, we feel it's difficult to justify being the country's only major pharmacy, Shane, not selling it, he said. Illinois and Massachusetts already require Walmart to sell the morning after pill, which must be taken within 72 hours after sex of a plant pregnancy. Why would she move that? Partially to introduce similar mandates is building a Connecticut and New York. Walmart's decision to stock emergency contraception will help them across the country prevent unintended pregnancy. And that's a positive step for the health of women and families. Plant perforation, present, societal richards say. How do you like that? So not to them because they wanted to do it because it's good for business because they're being coordinated doing it. We got our 12,000-year-old, what? I don't know yet. I haven't got a score. This is so demoralizing, you know? How long is this first going to go on? About 30 things. How long is this going to go on? I don't know. Three months? Nine, 69, baby. We will have a thousand votes on this thing before you can say and Miguel's an idiot. I know it was a plan ahead of time and we're obligated and better be pitiful but I'm just saying. I mean, you know, could have been a van hit without the best of stuff because that's what would have happened if we weren't running the campaigns. And then we'd be $300 short of what we got. Right. So, you know, we might as well take it. I would have rather put up the three of them myself and avoid it all the embarrassments of this. It's Neil Rogers. Oh, yes. It's 5, 16, 16, 18. We're just going to get a break of your hope. Coming up tonight, uninsized behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They have been putting out important rock albums for over 30 years and they never let us forget how important it is that they are in importance. They are you, too. With his dark sunglasses and his, hey, look at me involvement in political causes. You choose leader Von Owl can be pretty damn egotistical. Did I hear you take my name in vain? Oh, well, well. You choose the word time and the same sentence as God's name. But are you born now? It's the same thing. Bought before me is a forhuman. But are I, Lund, I'll take over this insight behind celebrity profile as I see fit. Now then, Bono is a true superstar. Handsome sexy. Extremely talented. And involved in a number of very important sociopolitical crusades. It is also worth noting that Bono was on a short list ahead of the world back a while ago. That would have been a f*** trip wouldn't it? Sorry. Anyway, on top of his incredible musical ability, Bono was also deeply concerned about the takeover of the world by corporate America. Oh yeah. What about that tripod commercial? What did you say? I said what about that tripod commercial? Well, this is God signing off for now. Have a nice day. Into. If thinking your God can make you God, then I guess they're God. It's a big juicy shopping window. Look at show business tonight. On inside of a line. There you go. Once 17 and five, 60, all the gods all the time. All the bubble mice is all the time. Here's an interesting facts, which makes me laugh. What is your opinion as to why that's look? What is your opinion as why software to cancel for classical music radio and jazz radio? Is it true that we're just not sophisticated enough? Yeah, that's it. Yeah. I had a call like that the first week through two, I was on a year or 30 years ago on KAT. What's your opinion on the sophistication level of software? You can't complain about the level of sophistication because there isn't any. But I think in this particular case, I'll give a different answer. The reason that software doesn't support classical music radio and jazz radio is there are enough pseudo and lectures in town? Get an answer to the question? Yeah. Works for no-nuff sues. Yes. Much of correct. Okay. What's the deal now? What's the story? Three-folding. That's the story. You're 11,925 dollars. And you wonder why radio stations and no-speaker, no-speaker, do you have no chance? No, no. You don't know. Just going to take us a couple of breaks to get to 12-grink. What makes you think we're going to get there? We only got like 42 minutes left. That's the rate we're going. We got an outside. We got a Chinaman stance in purgatory, getting there by a two-a-clock. Okay. Do it! No. 11,925. You know, I realize, and I don't want to put this audience out because it realized it would be plenty of other opportunities to go to places that are close by where they are or where they hang it out or where they shop or what. And at this 43-edit Southwest A3 in Miami, just not a place we're already now. I would be fascinated and finding out unlike Smokey Boons Barbecue or whatever that place was on Friday. Bonefish, bonefish, shmack. I wonder if they're like him, and we're getting a whole lot of people out there for the big-grand opening. I don't know. Well, next time I get old calls, you might want to ask them what they're asking them. Yeah. Because if there's a whole lot of people coming by, they probably aren't our people. You're called what I'm saying. Although it would be nice to have a be feather in our crack cap if we get in that place full of the lot of times of people going in and buying all kinds of auto parts, you know? Sure. There's Donald Trump who makes me want to vomit. You too? You know what his story is? He's got a lot of money. Nothing else. He's got a lot of money in his own televised. No, sir. No matter. Nothing. He has zero. He has ridiculous hair. We've got that kind of money out of what better than that. I mean, he's just, he's just nidied. He's boring. He's as dull as a kid. If I. If I. Oh, congratulations. If I. Let us lose jobs. Do you know what I want to play? What? Thanks to Boca Brian? Speaking of lose jobs. President Bush has put forth a challenge tonight that I simply can't ignore. The President yesterday said he wanted those who are critical and questioning of this for deal to quote step up and explain why not all of the sudden. A middle eastern company is held to a different standard than a great British company. British company. In quote. Well, first of all, Mr. President, to equate any country to your principal partner in the coalition ignores that special relationship this country is enjoyed with the United Kingdom for decades and decades. And this also is not just a British company and an Arab company as I think you well know. Peninsula and Oriental Seen Navigation is a British privately owned company. The by-pourth world is a UAE debrimment controlled and owned company. You see the difference of course. And through the more, the money used to fund the 911 attacks, most of it, in fact, was sent to the high-jankers through the UAE banking system. In fact, to the high-jankers were originally from the UAE. The UAE stone walled US efforts to track located bank accounts after 911. In addition, the emmerence does not recognize Israel as a sovereign state. And the UAE was a transfer point for shipments of nuclear technology to Iran, North Korea, and Libya. And if those aren't good enough, reasons I would suggest I'm going to complete loss to offer what might be considered good reasons. Still ahead of here, do you wonder why President Bush is insisting on pushing this port deal through? Yeah. But we do too. And we've taken a look into it. We're going to have a special report on what appears to be the Bush administration of the North. A special relationship with the body and device friends and high places on pastry, lobbyists don't see anything wrong with helping push this $7 billion fort deal trip, even if it raises serious questions about national security. Yeah, the interesting thing is the only thing he had gone as well as his pull numbers had happened to the full. The only thing he had gone was one thing. Saved the safety. Yeah. It was the only one thing. The other thing. The other thing. The strongest of Iran terror, he had given the public save all his other BS. Now that he wants to, as though a lot control all these major ports to a terrorist country, you can slice it whatever way to hunt you want. That's exactly what they are. Maybe I should read that state of our warning again on people traveling the way the UAE. No, it'll, yeah. I don't think so. I rather read the article again about how Cheney was drunk. But anyway, all here's one I think you'll like. Two of them. Christian Broadcaster, Pat Robertson, criticized by some evangelicals for comments about Venezuela's prison and his release prize, Israel's prime minister. How is he doing by the way, Ariel? Don't say hello. Lost a bit for the election of the National Religious Broadcasters Board of Directors. You're out, Pat. Even there I'm bearers by him. Even those going are embarrassed. Robertson thought of the Virginia-based Christian Broadcasting Networks on a 38 candidates for 33 board seats during the NRB's recent convention. The group represents mostly evangelical radio and TV broadcasters, proselytizers, the God Squad. NRB president Frank Wright said there was no, I wonder if he's going to Frank Wright used to be the horse guy who died. But there was no broad effort to distance the group from Robertson, but there was some broad dismay with past comments and if he may were not helpful, the Christian Broadcastes in general said Martians, Washington Post, walked Wednesdays. In the past few months, Robertson suggested that Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez should be assassinated and that his ready-privileged Israel's stroke was divine punishment for pulling out of the Gaza Strip. Robertson's spokesman said there's a even a board member for 30 years. So it's a lootly. But it's only one board meeting to the was extensive schedule. It was an emicable unexpected that he would not continue to serve. Yeah, right. Right, your mama. Lire. Religionist, liar. Sorry for the redundancy. Okay, we're almost in the 1000 votes, I believe. Got it? 994. How much you refer should come in? 990. 990. Can you see what I'm saying? So four more votes we get are 1000, look at the 213. But out there at South West Aint Street, we got Service Baby. We got Real Service. Federal Court's secrecy, I'm sure I'm pushing his watch. Well, I'm sure doing a lot of bedtime stories today. You know what? So you could take that one out. I got a story that I think red rain could prove that aliens have landed. Okay. Do you want to hear this one? Sure. I think I'll move it up to my pile. I'm not sure. It's from the Brit Observer, which is not like some pie-eyed wild-eyed publication. There's a small bottle containing a red fluid on a shelf and shift-field university's microbiology laboratory. The liquid looks cloudy and uninteresting yet. If one group of scientists is correct, the vial contains the first sample of extra, first samples of extra-tressure life isolated by researchers. Inside the bottle are samples left over from one of the strangest incidents in recent meteorological history. I bet you even miss horror cameras. We're worried about where to that about this. He's weird. On July 25, 2001, the blood red rain fell over the Karala district in Western India. And these rain bursts continue for the next two months. All along the coasted rain crimson, turning local people's clothes pink, burning leaves on trees and falling as the scarlet sheets at some point. Investigations suggested the rain was read because winds had swept up dust from Arabia and dumped it on Karala, but God treated Lewis. A physicist in the Hatt Magente University, after gathering samples left over from the rain's concluded this was nonsense. If you look at these particles under microscope, you can see they are not dust, they have a clear biological appearance, you say. Instead, Lewis decided that the rain was made up of bacteria like material that had been swept to work for my passing comment. In short, it rained aliens over India during the summer, 2001. Remember it's raining men? I had it's raining aliens. Maybe it was alien. It was on there. Maybe that's how he got to my enemy. He didn't come in on a rubber rat. He got in a rain alien. He took it. Not everyone is convinced by the idea. Of course, indeed, mostly searchers think it is highly dubious. One scientist approached the message on Lewis's website described it as balshmit. But, but a few researchers believe Lewis may be honest something or following up on his work, Milton Wayne, writing microblogist in Sheffield, is now testing samples of Karala's red rain. It's too early to say what's in the file he said, but it's certainly not dust. Nor is there any DNA there, but then alien bacteria wouldn't necessarily contain DNA. Microblogist is there is a lengthy time that the red rain fell on Karala, too much as too long for it to have been win-born dusty says. In addition, one analysis showed the particle over 50% carbon, 45% oxygen, with traces of sodium and iron, consistent with biological material. Lewis also discovered that I was before the first red rain fell. There was a loud sonic boom that shook houses in Karala. Only an incoming meteorite could trigger such a blasty claims. This had broken from a passing comet and shot toward the coast, shedding microbes as a trampled. These then mixed with clouds and fell with the rain. Many scientists accept that comets could be rich in organic chemicals and a few such as late-freddle-horror, a UK theorist, argued that life on earth evolved from microbes that had been brought here on comets. Maybe maybe a can of comet cleanser? Maybe there's like people in there. There's things like hell. But most researchers say that Lewis is making too great leap in connecting his rain with microbes from a comet for his party's unrepentant. If anybody hears a theory like this that is from a comet, they've just missed a design-label kind of conclusion. Unless people understand our arguments, people rule that out as an impossible thing, that an extraterrestrial biology is responsible for this red rain. But it is. There are like little people's, man. Maybe like those sea monkeys. You see in the back of the comet books advertised? Yeah. At least you used to. What about them? Maybe that's what's in the jar. In the bottle sea monkeys. I've seen a few. 1027 a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 a... A. Do I call the Islamic cartoon ever? It's here, what the, and public old. Hey, it's well-gained. Watch me pull a rabbit over by turning. Oh, boy, wait, cool. That trick never works. Look at the place, ladies. Let's go. That was no rabbit. Boy, wait, cool. That was an insurgent. Oh, whoa! It's a bit of a kidney injury. Hello and welcome to a colon affair. Mr. Cheney, Harry, and honored to have you both on my show. I see you guys, you're still friends. We are. Correct. Harry, you thought that's an accident's move and we'll have to. Absolutely. Hi. Hi. Mr. Whittington. Hi. I'm Dick, is he okay? Harry Whittington is on the man and doing very well. Hi. Hi. How does he do this all the time? Well, he's your friend. I'm going to go in whatever. He's making a weird, pretty noise. Oh, Harry, you okay? You get your head hard. Are you all right? I'm a son-for-all. Yeah, thanks, Dick. You've been a great helper. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. I'm going to be all right. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Oh, well. Well, so, it's not for a reason to think. I could understand immediately. In due prehistoric, to look after the memorial of Indian independence leader Mahandhis Gandhi conducted a purification ceremony at the shrine after a visit from President Bush. But it wasn't a present who offended him. It was the siffordogues who scarred the area ahead of his visit. It was a picture, or one of those nice doggies. And what it is like, I can't really tell. Probably a gibber Shepherd. I imagine. Hm, no. After the dog visit, the memorial was tensed with water brought from the Yanji's River, which hinders consider holy the Hindustan times newspaper reported yesterday, the Ganges. How about a photo test guy who did with Dal Manges, who used to drive at Buffalo Resway and Batavia down? I wonder if Dal Manges ever drove on the Ganges. Bush visited the Memorial on Thursday during the street division to India. They said where pacifist Icon Gandhi was cremated, is considered sacred, and all visitors including Bush and his wife Laura removed their shoes before going in and had to take off their shoes. The dogs flew in from the US, where part of the intense security surrounded the prison, but the Hindu priest believed they tainted the site. Ooh. Maybe they dropped, maybe they lost a little something behind. Oh. Living dogs in the Memorial also do sharp protests from Hindu politicians and Gandhi's raid grandson, Tushar, or is that Tushi? Tushi Gandhi, two-be-the-institut in the National Shame, the press trust of Indian news agency report, and say, National Shame that American prison brought in dogs here. Oh, her boy. I got a news report, but she did dogs smell better than I'm curried at curry crowd. Wow. Oh, man. You gotta come up here sometime just to a sniff. All right. I'll speak now that one a bit. I'll be right back. Second day Quebec. Remember we had a story about the 15-year-old girl who thought we should have thought she died because her boyfriend kissed her in J.A. and a peanut butter sandwich? That's right. Well guess what? That 15-year-old girl with a peanut allergy did not die from kissing your boyfriend, and following his peanut butter snack, a corner said Friday, counter-report the Drowan International Extension last year, and we actually talked about it right here on this very important show. By the way, I asked after the last break how we're doing, I think I keep forgetting the answer. I don't know, did we get a report here, Josh? We're at 380. Well, let's see, 585 and 385, 6965. Only 35 only two more pieces, two easy pieces, and we'll have it lit. Well, you talk about week. But, you know, it's not only not in our neck of this, it's not even anywhere close to our audiences. They don't live there, they don't chop there, they don't know from there, they don't want to be there. Second day corner, Michael Amiran said Christina this, forces death had a different cause, but he refused for this loger, singing first amount of report to the provincial, to report to the provincial corner, examinant the more test results. He said he was speaking out loud ahead of an allergy group's plan to use the case as an example on awareness effort. The Canadian Association of Food Allergies intended to use the forced case to launch an education campaign, he said, I had to tell him the cause was different than first believed. Christina died, made Quebec hospital November reports at the time, said doctors when they go to treat her allergic reaction to the kiss the previous weekend. As the girl began feeling ill, friends called an ambulance, and she collapsed as it arrived in the night for days later. I like that. So it wasn't an evil kiss. I always, some people get to evil kiss off, which I think is what Clarence is going to get a two o'clock in the case of death. The kiss off. Federal court secrecy of sharply on Bush's watch, what a surprise man, in the fascist USA. In my wildest dreams never did my prognostic case in the number, I could have imagined that they would come so full circle. The spite of the six amendments guarantee of public trials nearly all records have been kept secret for more than 5,000 defendants who completed their journey through the Federal courts over the last three years, instances of such secrecy more than doubled from 2003 to 2005. Everything now is a big secret, it's all because of the war on terror. An AP investigation found in Court of Service agreed that most of these defendants are cooperating government witnesses, but the secret she's surrounded their records prevents the public from knowing details of their plea bargains with a government. Most of these defendants are involved in drug gangs, though the lately a very small number come from terrorism cases. Some of those cooperating witnesses are among the most unsavvy characters in America's course, multiple murders and drug dealers, but the public can't learn whether their testimony against Confederates won them drastically reduced prison senses or even freedom. Maybe they're walking around out there right by you right now. Maybe they're right up to street getting ready to come and knock on your dough. Maybe when and that we let them out. Oh my God. They made a bunch of bubble mice as much as stories about their neighbors all being a bunch of terrorists planning to blow the universe up. Who'd hell knows? I guarantee a confidence is very high. Look at that 1,000 18 my God. 10 18 old being. 1,000 18 votes on the poll today. Everything is going swimmingly well except. Or except that fundraiser out there. It's a grand opening, baby. Now do you ask me, Galeth, there's like a big crowd out there? Actually he called me and told me that there is a crowd, but it ain't our crowd. He was to say, coyote, see. Oh God. Oh, great. The worst movie of 2005 didn't see any of them 344, 33 and a half percent of third of the audience didn't see any of the 2005 movies and when he come right down we're sent for crash. You didn't miss much. Right? I don't know what I'm chance guys even for you. There's a lot of guy called about Harold and two more. I forgot about that because it was a comedy so you don't really, you know, you can put it on there. I don't even know what's on there. So it was a good movie. Oh. Now see, I looked up Garden State. Remember I chose to go out and watch the net because it was on TV. It had four stars 2004, just missed the cut off. I beg you people. If you see that on TV, if somebody brings a DVD, your house says, here watch this for free, burn it. Do not watch it. Just burn one. Didn't see any 244. It gives a hazard 140, but that was the really stump that you went out. It did. I hate the one I bought. And Rocais mounting 74, that was garbage. Submitable and angly, oh my god, get rid of him. War the world's 67V, which 54, do you spigula your P.J. Lowe 52? As in how low can you go? JJ. Get rich or die trying 29 star wars 3, 25, house a waxy team, dual mate team, stealth 15, the fantastic 414. I'll be sure catch the 414. Electro14, King Kong 13, Harry Potter, the Goblet of Fire 11. The constant gardener 10 just absolutely blows. A on flux 10, super cross the movie six. The hitchhikers got it, the galaxy five. Hide and seek five. But that's the old great, is that the great, read story? Yeah. Guess who for, alone in the dark three, into the blue three, nailed blue. I can't give that out of my mind now. Depend to me, blue by you and have it by Dominican Medunio. No, it's time later. It wasn't a worry by Dean Martin. I can't work at he belt one hour or not. Let's see, in the blue three, Domino three, nine songs one, Ma Maddie and I'm discovered got none. Your wife's in 29 votes. Ma Maddie. Remember, Mary? Yeah. That's the virgin Maddie to you. So we had 11, 965. I have a feeling after the scrape we come back. And if we don't get to the 12,000 following this break, I just, I don't know. I'm going to sit here in my underwear to a class. This is new Rogers. This is 560, 2, 8, and... Yeah! Thank you. Absolutely. I had a lot of money in the 401k with that rock rock rock with that rock rock. But you went down the toilet in just one day with that rock rock rock rock rock rock. Yeah! We could go to the pool. Yeah! Don't freak it, bro. But now there are more rock and it's rock rock rock rock rock. I used to get a picture, got nothing bad. From then on, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Now I'm asking if you like right with that. When rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. That's easy, easy, easy. Sure, it's so much cold. When they take you to get cold, from rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Yeah! I have no food. And I want you to, all the combat with the gun. And then rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Yeah! Yeah! 144, got some bad news. There's bad news tonight, boys and girls. Yeah. Why do we? What's our total amount? 400. What? Your voice cracked, just that. Sorry about that. You can't see. I don't blame them. By the way, if you're not catch that, because I don't do. I didn't catch it. All right. Play it again. 400 out there, though. Hey. I caught it. That's why I played it, because I caught it. But anyway, I don't mean I caught it. I didn't hit them. But another was there. So now we have a JJ and we have JJ. Johnny's Josh and Josh. Oh, they'd probably hit him every day, you know. Who's that? The powers that be they brought behind Josh. Our Josh? Our own. What are you talking about? What you'll be talking about, boy? Yeah, I got to be. I'm going to put it. I'm going to put it. I have to tell you that his ass is on the line. It's pretty skinny line there. So what are you talking about? How come this is the first time hearing of it and it's right on the ear? I thought you'd do it. I thought, and you thought I knew they were brow beating Josh, and this about the dumb stuff. I think you should always brow beat whoever whoever's in here. Me, Josh, whoever sits in here. Governor Mike rounds the story on Saturday was he was inclined to sign the abortion band the bad news is he signed it today and South Dakota. Side of Villa will ban nearly all abortions in South Dakota, making it a crime for doctors and permanent abortion unless it was necessary to say the wounds life. The band including in cases of rape and incest was approved Friday by South Dakota lawmakers, and the Governor Mike rounds signed it today. Coming at the time when some act of the CDS Supreme Court is more willing than ever to overturn Roe V Wade. Tanned parenthood which operates the only clinic in South Dakota provides abortions vowed to sue. But even before the bill has a signature in other words, didn't get it till the day. Money to defend it poured in. Lawmakers retorted to the beta anonymous donor pledged the million dollars to defend the band and legislator was setting up a special account to accept donations. We've had people stop in our office trying to drop off checks to throw to the defensive legislator already rounds said the right wingers are pouring in the cash and South Dakota. I'd like that. No more abysions man. Because if the RSI has hold you, South Dakota North Dakota, that's the state they should have. You got 11 thousand. I'm here at the advanced auto parts. Right. I think I'll be spending a lot of time in the dentist tomorrow. That's who's just starting to real after what I just heard there. So in other words, not only have I got to overcome JJ, those two now have also got to overcome the influence that the evil spirit that they've cast over our Josh's head. So even though I can't use my judgment, let's run to home. It's a lot going to get on the air. Is that what you're saying? Your judgment isn't good enough if Josh said. You're saying you're something. And you're talking about the Josh's got to judge. He's five quarters. Okay. And let me ask you between Josh's quarters and Josh's zero. How many years of the two of them have been in this business put together? I'm just asking that in passing. I don't want to get into it with big son of the dance. How many years would you say? Ten total. I'm just guessing. I think you were well possible. I could go. I know. So Darrell was a board ops slash producer when I came to work here. So Flunk that was eight years ago. Right. And our Josh Muck too, right? Well, with you guys, yeah, I thought I was basing it on. So you've gotten ten years. And I'm glad to see that you guys have learned so much in such a short period of time. Your judgment is stellar. It's good. So one more twenty dollars is out there. Maybe just somebody wants to come by and throw fifteen bucks at McGill Real Fasten and Halley. To drive by. Yeah, just a good drive. I'll be me. Drive by donation. Sounds good to me. Scientists in food fight over soda. Oh, I'm so glad that I learned that just before or two of climb. Yeah. You remember the day last week when I told you my blood pressure was sky high and I was never spiked down because of the way that this whole these things are being handled on. Uh huh. This dictatorial madness. And now this morning my blood pressure was one twenty four over eighty. My blood sugar was eighty six. I haven't heard of them. I told my two of which you know, my tongue still healing from biting it. I'm going to have to bite it now. Oh, don't. But. I'm not going to set such a fine fit in the long time. And obviously that doesn't sit well with somebody who wants to into a clock again. Start up again. I'm telling you right now, Clara says, go to be ugly. Okay. It's going to be ugly. No matter how you slice it, no matter how you presented, it's going to be ugly. So as they say, cover yourself accordingly. Low fat, low cow, low carb, add can sound feast, to zone food fads made distracting attention from something more in city sleep potting on pounds. Here we go at this again. Veverages. Well, it's true. I think what they ought to do is they should outlaw beverages with sugar in them. Right. What's wrong with your can die at soda? Nothing. That was the first thing that I did to get life back under control. Yeah. The money is on my hand. They're right mind, green soda with sugar in it. Only if you need many people. Yeah. And if you're five calories in the American diet is liquid calories. I mean, there are no calories in the soda. I'm drinking my caffeine free die Pepsi right now. And maybe it'll kill me, but I really doubt it. And it tastes just fine to me. I'm taking this wig right now just to prove it. Good. One of every five calories in America's diet is liquid in the nation's single biggest food is soda. And the truth is, where it's having long demonized it. Now they're escalating the fight to crank it up. Yeah. That's right. Get your kids in the schools instead of soda machines. Get them all like great fruit juice. Yeah. Yeah. Pure sugar and pure our calories, man. Who the hell are you kidding? In addition to which you know fruit juice, this business about nutritional value of apple juice. Once it's been oxidized like that, it has no nutritional value. None. It's like good people that are drinking the orange juice for breakfast. They were more than thinking you didn't something for her. Once you open up that carton or that plastic jug, if you get the really big containers, once you open up and sit and refrigerate it and start oxidizing, all of the nutritional value is gone. It's gone, baby. It's something there was a lot of there in the first place. In addition to which it's pasteurized. You know what that means? Like the 28th and the 12th of which whatever value was in or most of was gone before you open it and start oxidizing. So the amount of nutritional value you get from Grig & All That Jews, you could put in a symbol and have room for fat boys ass left over in there. And reports to me, published in Science Journals this week, two groups of researchers hope to write evidence to the theory that soda and other sugar sweeten drinks just don't go hand in hand with obesity. But actually, cause it. Not that these drinks are the only cause, of course. Genetics exercise on the factors involved, but that they are one cause, perhaps the leading cause. Quick drink and sell much soda is my mother would say. Smart one. What is, um, my heart was even so bad that those are not popping up on my mouth and falling in the ground. Yeah? No. Two. So let's see more hot. There you go. We like him. He's good. A little strange, but he's good. Anyway, a small point it says and we already proving this would be a scientific lead that could help make a case for higher taxes on soda. We see, let's find lots of bottle. How do you like that? Tax. Just like with cigarettes. Restrictions of how a word sold may be even surgeon general's warning on labels. We've done it with cigarettes at one science advertising. This is very popkin. I wonder if he's kind of very hopkin. At the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Very poppins. Very popkin. Comparation soda and obesity to tobacco and lung cancer is a base of scruced industry spokesman say. I think it's laughable said Richard Anderson. He's the senior science consultant in American beverage association. He's a paid lackey on their payroll. Lackey exercise and poor thing happens. Our far bigger contributor to America's weight was he said. What was me? The science is being stretched at Adam Drenowski, director of nutritional sciences at the University of Washington, Seattle. He owns stock in beverage companies. He's the extensive research in the field. Much of it finance by industry. But also some by government. Right. However, those making the case against soda include some of the nation's top obesity researchers that have produced institutions like Harvard and Yale. So in other words, they don't have the scientists at Harvard and Yale on the payroll. If they used to, Dr. Fredries is there. We used to tell us what I'd sure was good. Even if I like the pound is good. Double as a meal. Object somebody's range man. It's a rate for space 5.16. It's dangerous. Stop it by adding down. If you're good at 5.6.0. WQA. If you're good at 5.6.0. WQA. Anybody here. See Jackie Brahma. If there's orange juice and soda. Oh. He's brutal out of people. The people sometimes get out of them. A God is alive and he'll come. He's brutal out of people. Anybody here. See Jackie Brahma. Anybody here. See Jackie Brahma. If there's a person in the town. Who's the people around their town. He's not the same as the truth. He's all he's done. He's the shower with his son. Even if I was with what the wildhouses can go. Or in a prison to go. What's next? Or do you witness? He's revolving. He's watching something. And other words you'd be easy for him. He's saying, I'll do it. Or there's something I'll do. He's got this bad man. I said, I'll do it. I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, That's right. When I heard problems saying, I said, I said a guy or a girl that said, I say, I said, I said, I said, I said, I've put my daughter in my home. I'm calling her. The other right number yes, hello I'm dialogue distance if I have to for what you mean see Then he doesn't say what it is my email address is yada yada yada. Let me know what's going on to me in Buffalo PS Batibi down sucks. Well, hey Jimmy in Buffalo. I know one of your sirl you're in Buffalo If I was in Buffalo I'd be really peoed Air we sink in day three to five inches six is there like snowed in an ice then we got nothing here Maybe it's beautiful the summer shine of the birds are peon like crazy. It's a beautiful thing So sorry Jimmy and you know we apologize that he we have to be stuck in Buffalo We got both from all in the two to four show come up next