You've loved him on the tonight show trying to make light of tragic situations. Slapwood Colby, Brian said, hey, why not? The room's already paid for her. Now, America's favorite monologue marathon man is trying your patience in a whole new way. Big chin records for his ex. Jayletto does hits of the 80s. Why, how? The Chris Servant is in the street. Why? How? Hey, do you have a wonderful president this delaying? Do you have a discreet about this? If you like watching Jaywalking, then you'll love listening to Jay singing. Come on, I lame. Oh, I swear. Oh, true story. Was in the favor of this point. If I'm rid of a violent, I wouldn't believe it. It's really if you're a favorite decade with a man who hasn't been clever since then. Hey, go. Jayletto does hits of the 80s today. Wait, lag? Don't do it. I used to be funny, but I have blue it. I can't do that right, Kevin. It's a water. Jayletto does hits of the 80s. Just call 1-800-000. Oh, who are we kidding? No one's going to buy this garbage? I think you'll add. Exactly. 10 out of 1-5, 16. WCM. This is the, um, I think when you get to the end of a bad cold or the flu, that's when it came. Like, settles in real deep and then all of a sudden it's just, just banged. Right. It's like, you're on the hump. I shouldn't have said, sorry, do I say, we just, uh, blowing you down there? Not was not blowing my nose. They don't forget to mark us the big draft party. Okay. I'll let we the whole liner a little later on when I have more voice. And then you can know, pass that along. All right. That was simulating that wrap up there by the beast of it. I want to tell you right now, I'm going to warn you folks, the worst movie in the history of mankind, do not watch it. It's called Last Days. Loosely based on the final days of Kurt Cobain. Right. Not a speculation of shirt. What do you mean by that? Nobody knows really what. No, no, that's what it's about. Michael Pettison is movie, but it doesn't really make any difference. Who is in the movie because you don't see his face because he's got long hair and heavy growth of beard. And all he does is kind of, I didn't watch the whole thing. Needless to say, but does make any difference because every time you turn back to it, thinking maybe now something's going to happen, it doesn't, nothing happens. He just keeps staggering around and a heroin induced stupor. And people keep coming over to visit him and he keeps running out of the house. And this is Gus Van Zant, who's idea of art or fine film. This is a crazy person is what it is. If this isn't the worst movie in the history of mankind, this, I didn't see what was the one of the, the, the kind of the hype with the kids in the woods. That was supposed to be so great. And everybody was, oh, the Blair Witch Proud. The Blair Witch Proud. I didn't see it. But you know, I've heard you describe how bad it was. Just multiply that times of thousand. All right. And that'll tell you about last days with Michael Pett. It is the pits without the pendulum. It is just right. It's, it's indescribable. It's so bad. In fact, you almost should see it just because you'll, you'll, just be in this belief that anybody could produce a piece of crap like this, this bad. There is one, one scene where Michael is, you know, Stone off his head. He's Stone to hold a movie. I would have been, he's staggering around and passed on the bedroom. And we flashed to the TV screen where there's a voice to men video on. Uh huh. And we, and we get a close up of the video for like about a minute and a half. Wow. Yeah. And we're in the, in this piece of crap. The front of this mansion where he's, uh, wandering around. That's basically what is his him wandering around and people try to find him and chase him. There, they keep running outside. But, uh, there's another scene. It's just shows the front of the house and the big tree in front of it. And it shows a scene through the window, but from a distance. Okay. And this real annoying. I mean, unbelievably bad music is going on in the background. Somebody is mumbling. And you see, just vaguely, you see silhouettes of somebody moving around in there. And he's like moving from the left of the screen to the right of the screen and then back to the land. But you, it's almost like what we're looking at shadows because you can't really make out what's going on. Right. Oh, that's the, really, that's what you care. But that's about as much as animated as it gets. I can see what the suit's really liked it. And this scene goes on. I would say it's probably five minutes. It seems like an hour. It's just a still shot of this, the front of this house in the window. And I just can't describe it. Maybe you really ought to see it. Just just to be, it's amazing. Probably point up, you know, get really excited. And then if you go to IMDB, and I'm most of the reviews, trash it, mercilessly, and deservedly so. But as usual, there's a group of sues who have even like eight out of ten. And all my gosh, what a brilliant thing. And if you're a big fan of curr, you know, I'm not a big fan of curr, but even if I would have been, it's just, it's staggering. And I hadn't seen the ending, but I've raised them on. I'm reading them there. I've summed in the ending. It ends just like he did, but, or he allegedly did. Or what? Right. Well, he did it because he realized that he was married to Courtney. Well, one of the reviews in there that trashed him, when we said, if he would have shot Courtney Loverly, and it would have redeemed the whole thing. Didn't happen. Or just the last days of learning all costs, please, that big you could be the biggest curr, curr, cobaing fan in the way. The bigger fan you are, the more grossed out you'd be by, is it just idiotic? It's just pathetic. It's the epitome of the RC FarC, pseudo-inlecial crowd who can, who can take any piece of, you know what reminds me of? It's like an Andy Warhol painting. Okay. Yeah. Same thing. Well, the sues are like moviemaking. What Andy Warhol is so called. Right. It's like no plot, no action, no acting. Nothing. Hard to figure out. Nothing you're like. Like the soup can. Right. Andy Warhol drawing the soup can. That's what this movie is. That was brilliant. Only the soup can, at least somebody opened it. There was some action there, you know. Nothing happens. Absolutely nothing happens. There's no dialogue of any substance. And it's just another as a scene when a friend of a couple of friends and he's a driving, they will see him, which they don't see him, because he keeps running away. And we're looking to the windshield of the car. And they have a conversation. And the windshield is reflecting the, because the sun is shining. And when you're, when, when she was reflecting the trees and yet. And, and you saw you don't really see them. You see the reflection and windshield. I guess that's also supposed to be. That's brilliant. Yeah. Yeah. God, how come I couldn't come up with that? Here's the poll we did yesterday. Well, I can't really talk to good. They might play a lot of bits today. Ooh. Sounds good to me. I should earn that light. There's one way to be called in such ease. So, by the way, norma stop writing hostile emails to a lot of people. He's very offended. And he's going to call a joys again. Ah, joys, he's picking on me. I want you to be the man in a apology. Seriously, we are, we are working for such a disaster. You, you can't even begin to imagine. In my wildest dreams, I could never imagine. This could have happened to us to any of us. I mean, they are, it's like demolition derby. Do you ever see that? Oh, yeah. That's what they're doing. If you weigh with demolition derby. So, don't forget it. You know, they're doing it. You know, they're doing it. If you weigh with demolition derby. So, don't forget again this afternoon. No. So, we took that poll and the majority of you said, oh, we don't want to hear the squeak mice. We don't want to hear it. So, he's out. It's like, well, the world, jolly. Now, he's unlike, like, minimum 15 hours a day. That's a new format. Then we got mad dog at Hooters in the Pines Marlon game and then, 80K. That's the deal. But it's just, it's, it's, it's, and beyond like, ability to describe what's going on. They're dismantling the empire. Peace by peace. Anyway, South Florida's best-time by place sportscaster Wal-Time is. We have 1325 votes. Rick Weaver, I voted for Rick Weaver in he won, 210. Like, am I a thermometer? Yeah. I hate this poll to 05. That's what I hate. That's what I hate. That's what I hate. That's what I hate. That's what I hate. Joe Angel 142. Screwed over badly. He's probably too good for South Florida. Sunnyhurst 92. Bill's in for 91. And an honor of Bill's in for. Let's see, where the hell is it? Heard it. Sounds like Elmo. And... No, we'll not get you. Now he's still locked in the closet down there. With Tom Cruise and John Trowell. Jim Manage won't come out of the closet. So there's Bill's in for 91 vote. Mohore David had seven votes or dodo dodo dodo. Shocking. And then amazing how many more people seem to like him now that he's gone. Yes. You don't probably 65. The old orange head. David Ryan 53. I just hate everybody and everything. 51. Eric Reed 37. Joseph Gackie 32. That is... I don't know what to say about that. Yolty 25. David Halvers tan 24. Mark Vanneberg 22. Now when Yolty gets more votes than Mark Vanneberg, it tells me that there's no hope for South Florida, even though downtown's making a great comeback. Jeff Irmer 12, the Irman, Chuck's McDonald 11, Len Casper 9. He's a dude in Cubsnam. I rise. He's still doing it. Yeah. He's as two. Yes. Put the cops hide everybody else. David and Horn only ate after all these years of being your signature voice of your Florida Marlins. David and Horn were a really, really hot wife and a really, very bad herpes. He's got eight. Jimmy's simple as he's got seven. Hey Jimmy. You fairies. I think you're ass. Chris Moran 5, Dave Strader 4, your TV voice of the Panthers. Anybody know who that is? Oh, former Red Wing's all former ESPN. Dave Strader. Oh, for anyone. He sounds like Eric Reed. Mike Ingles, the Heat Radio Guide 2, and Rich Waltz finally got that one. And he's stay there one. Over 13, I reverse and he got one. And he never did put the Julio guy, which is fine. And he went to go to anyone. No, no, no, no. I don't know why. Why would we do that? We didn't put the dolphin Julio guy. I'm sure maybe the heat's got a, or how about a payload. Or how about a payload? Fail the world. Who is it? Fail the. Fail wing. Yeah, I see. All right. What do you say? Last day is Gus fans, man. I'm going to tell you seriously. I want you to market down in your wrist. You'll see. You don't have an answer. It becomes on the cable. Or if somebody gave it to you, somebody gave it to you. Somebody gave it to you. I would shoot them at that point. I would do a Kurt Corbaine and just shoot their ass. Here's today's poll. And of course it was inspired on a great on Wednesday. Like great facts we had from Mitch from South Beach. Who's got his thumb on the pulse. He's got his thumb somewhere. Back to him, sure that. Like little boy, little thumb thumb. Wasn't it time thumb who stuck his thumb? He's a thing. No, it was like his little jack hoarder. Oh, is that who was that? He's sat in the corner. Right. Eating is a blueberry pie. What was he eating? His Christmas pie, I believe. It was? Yes. And then he stuck in his thumb? That's what I'm saying. And pulled out a plum. Well, I must have heard. What's your take and downtown Miami? 700-made votes? They'd count as a foreign country, 300 and 11 votes. Three-levels, it's a foreign country. Absolutely no speaking ways. A key. It's talks don't go there, 162. Now, you put those two together and you've already got almost 70%. It is making a great comeback, 102. Just like that fact said, 14.5%. It's making a great comeback. They've been there 34. It's become a tourist trap 29. It's a tourist told me. A lot of little over-priced stores for tourists. It's a surprise for Chinese crap at it. Really? Yeah. You out of touch, Neil 27. Well, my response to that is, since I've put that on the poll anyway, touch this. It's not a touch, Neil 27. It's part also by the poll. I hate this poll 26. Interesting, very low number, you know? They haven't really liked it. And it's paradise 17708. Well, we'll make that 1000-ease today. I can't say anything about that. Thrill. We will. I don't know if I'm going to make it all way, it'll too. But it all depends on how many hostile emails go back and forth between Terrible and Norma Kent and Joyce. We're working for Joyce Fish, by the way. If anybody is working for anybody else, we're all working for Joyce. If her name is then my contract, she doesn't sign the paychecks, but she's called all the shots. Just keep that in mind. That's what Kurt Cobain told me. She's going all the shots. And if anybody ought to be shot, she'd want. Don't forget tomorrow's QMS Beginniffel Draft Party with the Mad Doggy Amanda Chet, Hooray's in Pembroke Pines, join Mad Doggy Long with Joseph Gackie and the Big O who is... Rock Solid. Well, I'll do draft day coverage. Join us at Hooray's in Pembroke Pines, QMS NFL Draft Party. This Saturday tomorrow, my Niana, starting at 10 AM and going on to a 5 PM presented by Heinrichim, which just absolutely loves. He's written it by the gown. This is my orders. This is 5162A. That's the honey tune. May you pick, sing, go, Jim, I am. Oh, Mexico National Hall of the Day. All the stations are giving away trips that can cool. Some are giving away trips, some Mexico City. But who are you? Bringing Mexico City to use that right. Who are you? Giving away Mexico. Real live Mexico. I'm going to be swuggling illegally in the hospital. Ordering the real well of a station vac. Then we hope you want to. You imagine your own personal Mexico. Wash your car. You're out there, you're crying. You think you want? Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Adios. Leave us in color. When you hear this, I... And when I'm Mexican. Members of this station and their family. And not always the both of their own Mexicans. Faving in these awesome Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases. Carry by Mexicans. How the phrase? Say go to my home. Every day. You're a very old Mexican. He's a little sick to eat. Okay, we'll get to all those Mexican stories. Monkeys the big day. Monkeys the big boycott. Right. I say let's boycott all the Mexicans up Monkeys. When I'm going to just tell you to play. I don't know if you're going to talk to any Mexicans up Monkeys. Either I'm not even going to microwave a burrito. Guess who died. Foodied. Daniel McKenna. Who? Daniel McKenna former guitarist for the band Tobey Bo. Maybe her Tobey Bo? Oh yeah. You did? Absolutely. Let me see if I got some. Did you say... Absolutely. Well if I'm dead in this home apparently a victim of suicide, please said maybe he watched that movie last days. That would do it for me. You are in Kurt Cobain. McKenna 54 died Wednesday. He was one of the original members of the band Tobey Bo, which had a hit in 78 with my Angel Baby. Not to be confused with the original Angel Baby by Rosie and the original that started out with a real sour note. There you go. My Angel Baby is a post horrible horrible tongue. What do you mean? What do you say? Don't you think I'm dead? I'll look for a very exact. I'll have to tell Henry story. Are you sure? Yeah. We got trouble. We got sour. I think he's what he was saying. Well he's got real trouble not because he's dead. He was a phenomenal guitarist. Artmen, those of former Toby Band member said in the story. Yesterday's the decisions of the McAllen Texas Monitor. Men, those of the city first heard McKenna play at a club near the McAllen airport with a band called the American Ice Cream Revolution. Men, those of the McAllen loved the fish. That's what I remember more than anything he said. He'd have been really good in that movie last days every time. Every time Michael Pitt ran out there into the woods and then by the water there by the river or stream the cool little bossy river, whatever that place was. He could have been that fish in there. He could have dropped the pole. Toby Bow was the name of one of the last original wooden sheep boat. The wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, seeing boat. It's docked and port Isabella newspaper said. How do you like that? I bet you just learned something there. Yeah, bet you never knew why the turtle they were called Toby Bow. I do now? Well that's great. There is a lot of the most staggering stories in the history of broadcasting. Are you sure? Positive, not really, but. And by the way Phil. I think you're mad. Right. All I did was some with that. I think you're mad. I think you're mad. I think you're mad. I think you're mad. I'm just, I'm obsessed. Oh. It's one of the greatest things. And Ellen, you know what else was on my son? I watched a little of it. I got tired. I seen it a hundred times because he know. Oh yeah. With Robert and Ero. They all, what's here? I'm sure I'm stone. Yeah. And Joe Peshie. And I'm positive now that Joe Peshie and Boker Brian are the same person. There is no doubt. I'm not. I'm telling you, it's the same person. That's right. When he puts on that silly ass wig. That's right. Then he becomes Joe Peshie. Like Superman. And if you ever saw him at his box of shirts? I don't want to assume. Chicken egg and Joe Peshie the same identical person. It's just amazing. See, the one thing about Joe Peshie that bothers me a lot. I mean, yeah, if you steam the first time, he can be very funny. Now, he was also in, what's that highly overrated movie that everybody is always, they boxing movie that everybody is always reading a bowl, raging bushman. Yeah. And he played the same role in that movie that he plays in casino. That he played in good fellows. That he plays in every movie he's ever been and he's always the same. In my right or in the, No, he's one character actor. He was also in Hoffa, you know, which is very good movie. But the problem was he was in it and he was playing Joe Peshie again. He's really good at playing Joe Peshie. Yeah. He's just, he's a one-note Charlie. That's right. All the, you know, something if he would have been in last days, it would have been a big improvement. Oh, yeah. If they're, listen, if there's anybody, here's my challenge. I don't think anybody has that many, come on. More than five. But if you saw last days and you're going to try to sell me that there was anything we deeming that that was a movie with that any even animal, should watch. I'd love to hear it. I'd love to hear the rationale for it. I mean, slow would be the understood that it just is nothing happening. The fact that this character who's supposed to be curcobane is, you know, he's thrown out on heroin and he's staggering around. He's addressing up in a, uh, uh, slip in a woman's slip and he's really silly. I shoes on and he's like staggering around and then every known and somebody will come over the, uh, this mansion he's in and trying to see him and they're running through the plan. And he goes running out always with the same outfit on covering up his head. And he's got the long here. You can't, you can't see his face. We should probably just as well. But it is, uh, bizarre. I'm sure somebody out there probably liked it because that, because you know, me, I'm out of touch. No, it's, it's being in touch means like he, that movie. I'm ecstatic to be out of touch. This is always, I think I might actually go on and bite. Now, what I'm going to do it, no, I'm going to have a, I'll do my Amazon.com or one of those. And I'll say to you, I want you to see it for yourself because you'll say, it's a cable right now. Oh, well, but what in God's name is this? What, what lunatic? I mean, you have to be, you have to have like, drop 15 sugar trays before you watch. Give it a week and I'll get good baked and they'll get baked. Now, baked ain't even good enough. You have to be deep fry. All right, I'll shoot up. Phil Henry, retirees from radio. Are you sure? Okay. Premier radio never syndicated host analysis that he will retire from his dating national syndicated radio show to pursue his acting career. The final live broadcast of the Phil Henry show will take place on June 23. How are we going to continue? I mean, it's not the point at which we can just, all right, I, yep. I just don't know how to help you. Did you, uh, I did, I went very, very thoroughly. I've taken my show as far as I came in the present climate of terrestrial radio said Henry about this pending departure in the present climate of terrestrial radio. I've been doing these characters for 16 years, you know, and whoever the ones were. But we, and it's, I believe it's time for me to take them behind the microphone and present them in front of the camera. Henry is currently featured in the CCTV sitcom Teachers as cynical history teacher Dick Green. He's also a very direct McCarthy on the sitcom, A, E, USA. And maybe it's most competitive you in 2004 and trademarked or in Matt Stone's team of America world police as the voice of intelligence and a terrorist character. I didn't know he was in that. Yeah, we, uh, somebody told you that. No, they didn't. I love that movie. It's quite a lot. And addition to Henry's performance, the worst character for us is that episodes of the animated TV shows, King of the Hill and Future Ramma. So he's now going to be a big TV and movie superstar and say goodbye to terrestrial radio. Bye-bye. Okay. There he goes. Because the real Phil Henry that we, I once know, he left, uh, he left, not a one terrestrial radio. He left Terra from a long time ago. Thanks for that. I still mean he was ever on it. Right. Let's see. Here we go. Yeah, that's a, for what it's worth, facts. Oh, you've been saying for a while now that it's irrelevant to you how Waxy A and goes doing the show since your competing for different audiences. However, whether intentionally done the compete with you or whether they figured out that you can't talk straight sports for three hours of a station that is nothing else to talk sports for us the rest of the night. Ten A into one p.m. Waxy show is not all sports intensive. Wow. They make sure they address the sports stories of front of the effects of photo and New York. When New York. Well, what does that mean? They did. But then throughout the show they talk about women, movies, TV, interesting news and gossip of no fads, family, delay, f and general, all with the lean toward humor and comedy, not always successfully. I see. This is another PR stunt, you know. Oh, look at that. He's reading this fact. He's going to give us a, all way. Yeah. Just wanted to put next week's ratings in perspective. Whatever that means. Also, they're invested in posing homosexual pressure to Hulk Hogan, which really pissed off Hogan and paid for the best in a really unprofessional life. Joe wrote this, it was a pleasure to play this tape. It really ripped into the lbanz dude. But I don't believe Joe likes anyway. If you were able to get to see, I don't really care about exposing the lbanz dude or anything about anybody over there. I'm not interested. It's on such a low level, you know. But again, this is obviously because you want to give them a lot of good publicity. And I'm delighted. I never, you know, whether it was the fan, whether it was our effects, whether any other station of pretenders have come along, make believe broadcastes. I mean, take a look at what they got over there. You know, you got your stew gotts. And of course, we're trying very desperately to emulate them now. We're trying to out that. We're trying to out that. Oh, I keep your way. Right. Like that. And then of course, not to mention the fact that we bring back the unmentsitable ones. People like, oh, I'll find them. He's in here somewhere. Like this. 567. Oh, 856. Yeah. He put the oh in the OH. Oh my god. Wow. 770 votes on the pool. So one that I'm ready to look at that. You're out of touch, New York. How many of that's got? About 30 man. This is New Roger. And you're right. I'm pleased to be out of touch. He's about my team. To go to my end. You wear shoes. Bye bye, Don 3. Bye bye, Don 3 off. Come on, come on. This is the drug gallery. Don't get off. So, we're going to be stopped. Alright, never wash his hair or see you to have a hair combing. His name was Kurt. And now he's pushing of dirt. Cobain. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Mrs Chin, do in heroin, Cobain. �oni, �oni, � Não carrying underwear. No matter what matters, Juan, No matter how much money you throw instead and say he's a investor wh seu Snaida, man, and hour never took the shower, co-banks. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit, co-banks. I'm tired of it. He'll be Elvis Thicking, and say grunge was my thing, co-banks. So if you feel without, don't take Kurt's ways out, co-banks. He got asses, goodbye, then he died. So, go to the door, baby. Any snow bed? 27 before that when I think Courtney Dunn. Not Courtney Cox, Alan Courtney, do the okay. How about you QA, and hello? Kurt's called Bainline, hello. And nearly. What's it, nearly? What do you got? I saw last days, and I'm one of them you did like this. Based on what? Send it to George. Based on what? Well, you know, he lived the tragic life, and it was a tragic death, and I, the way that his friends moved to stop him. He was the word I write for the movie, a tragic. The way his friends moved to stop him really bothered me. But, what does that have to do with a movie though? We're not talking about Kurt Cobain in his life. We're talking about this piece of set-up or garbage. What were talking about? What did you like about? You said you're one of the few who liked it. They know. You know, I just thought it the way he did. You acting like you liked it. Dialogue? The way he did his last days. When the guy comes to his house, and he invites him in, and tries to hold a conversation, it's just really bizarre. But I have a movie I want to recommend to you. Oh, I can't wait. What's the tragic comedy? It's a Philipsy Moore Hoffman, the guy from Boogie Knight. Right out of him, well, yeah. The movie is called Love Liza. It's a tragic comedy. Is life nice? I guess you like tragic movies. But, yeah. Why not? Do you live in Miami? I'm a big Requiem fan too. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. I always sit there with a loaded piece right now. The last American guy that lives out in Haile, Liza still. All right. I want to be a deep prey. He can imagine. But I'll make sure you send that movie up to, uh, I'm going to work to your copy, because then if he likes it, I will never speak to him again. Okay. You're like that. All right. Take it easy. Don't pull a trigger, man. It sounds like he's still got a couple of weeks later. Wow. There's a guy I see, and at least he had the cohones. I give him credit for that, right? So I'll be going to ask. And of course, if they find where he is in Haile, he won't have cohones anymore, and he's already ready for lunch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five, 60. I'll be a rising, see, get her wireless line. That's no bull. Oh, here's your buddy's online nine. Maybe it's a guy from the same Petersburg, but, uh, give you a hard time. QAM, same Pete line. Hey, me, I hope you feel better. I feel good. I feel good movie, and the only good part is that he did die, because it was really, really raw. He was just, uh, pulled the trigger to the beginning. Yeah. Wow. It saves us a lot of time. I'm not around the watch. We're going to divide the game. But anyway, it's still better. Thanks, Kelly. I see that line the night. We're just fine from all over the universe, and Georgia, some jackass and St. Pete yesterday. He wrote back in a apologize. Did he really, for giving me and our fine chief engineer a hard time? No, we don't have a fine chief engineer. Our engineering staff, uh, although I can't play an engineer as far as we go and on the crossover. That's what happened. We've seen the terminal yesterday, and when we wrote that. That's in the control room. We haven't competent going on in there, and of course our management, and even our middle, well, some of the people involved in our part of the middle of the management. So when they're the ones that are screwing up, nothing's going to get straightened out there. You see, this is the thing that somebody there needs to explain to Kerabelle. That is that he's taken the inmates and put them in charge of the asylum. The very people who are responsible for so many of our problems. Minor ones, major ones, stand major ones, and in between. Now allowing these people to like run the asylum, and then that is absolutely unacceptable. It's just, uh, it's not going to fly. Okay. So he may think that he's had some run-in with Norma and certain other individuals recently, but he ain't seen enough in yet. Because people aren't just going to sit still and allow him to dismantle place lot. Forget about the money, which of course is the only reason I'm here, but forgetting about that. But a lot of people put a lot of hard work into making that into whatever the hell it became, which of one time was pretty damn successful, and just to sit back and allow him to watch other people dismantling it, and turning it into a, you know, a bulfill of soupy jello, is not anything that any of us had envisioned. That's not what we had in mind. You know what I'm saying? Pretty little bit melodramatic. Not as melodramatic though, tell your former operations manager, there are quick things such as drama queen. Oh my god, come to this morning about some sales issue, and, you know, in some of my voices squeaky, I've been fighting off the floor or cold whatever this is for several days. Not the end of the world. I'm not dying over here yet, unfortunately. And he's like hyperventilating. Oh, you're going to be alright? No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a dead store. In fact, I even go back to bed. How's that stuff? Just relax. You fair, I think you're wearing it. Just cut it out. Just be in such a drama queen. Oh, I'm looking at this fact. That's the make it feel better. Ah, Andy and Miami Beach says. My vote for today's poll, both it sucks. Don't go to downtown Miami, and I'm thinking of great comeback since these buildings take years to build and pure actually open it. It's just one big construction site with a crane and a recorne. Sometimes those cranes fall down. I just wonder what will happen all these 70 story highlights buildings, line up next to each other when a cat fire rolls through. Still Henry, there was speculating an ID this morning that this retirement business is just another bit of his. Oh, would that be something or what? Would that be something or nothing? That would be the epitome of contrived craft. That would be almost as good as the last days. Not quite though. Also there's a very funny picture of two tapless women on Miami who are on websites, scroll down to photos of the day, click. Okay, Andy, whatever you say. I'm not really interested in making picture. What I'm sure George and Josh will be right on it. What do we Josh is going to attack Zach? There are a very poorly executed yesterday, by the way, the group of losers who decided that that was going to be their crank effort to do your very poorly executed because the first guy, evidently, it has been hearing problem and said something about Kathy. We don't know what they're talking about. It doesn't have any other. That's okay. Kathy, who evidently he was supposed to say Zach. Maybe he's got Rush Limbaugh syndrome. I mean, my ears are plugged up bad from the cold, but even I could hear what he was saying. If you're going to do a crank job, at least do it right. I can't wait to hear the citilating video. It reminds me of the fact that first Zach you sent me about across the street. You remember when they started with the fan, with that 1980 on the radio dial? Right. Never even showed up in a radio. It had fractions. Kind of like the one across the street now. And I remember, with somebody in our sales department back then, I remember who made it been Gary Sarner. I don't think you wanted to tell me who it was because it was too obnoxious. And all that's a show for guys. That's a guy show. They talked about women and script clubs and guy talk. I'm there. It's not some fact. Like we got that. I don't remember. It could have been anyone. Yeah, it could have been one. Who was the former sales manager that they had, like practically had a fistfight in the hall at that time? What was it? It was a totally cutler. Oh yeah. What a memory, huh? Very nice. God. Was he a jack answer? What? And he now who didn't get that brawl with? It was nearly fistfight. I forgot. I forgot. That was good. I'm sure I wish to have the audio from that. 816 votes on the poll. We'll have that 1000 so he's at night and we're talking about. Like we're on right off a log. We're like drop in a log. Speaking of dropping a log, be sure much last days. Just bands that it's a classic. It's a killer. Kill two hours. I mean, seriously, if you thought the man who wasn't there was slow. That was like, like a Mexican jumping being in heat compared to this thing. Last days. If it's not that it starts somewhere and eventually very slowly goes somewhere. It just doesn't go anywhere. But when I said it to you and you watch it, I know exactly where it's going to go. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. 816. Rogers, I am TV presents, night and shnails unplugged. I want up. You like an animal. Give it this thing, now I. I'll come this isn't working. Cause why is it so hard? Joel knows you don't get it for sure. Thanks for making this video. We all like sub-stins. So okay, i'm in the middle of ordering you the DVD. All right, I'll finish toring the next break. You're having a version copy on DVD no less. Spectacular. Of course, once you sit down to watch it, you're not going to like be able to help this . I can't get up drugs until it's good. There you go. I'm telling you, I'm just barely see the screen. Just barely, you know, since that you're alive. 5607056, the pound 560, the Verizon Sinking at a wireless line. We got guilty again today. Oh, fuck. Oh, goodness. Wow. WQAM. Hello. You'd be going at any camera. Yeah. It was not yesterday because he wanted to know. He won't be calling on Thursdays. You know, this was not yesterday. What happened? You know, he gets his treatment on Thursday. How do you got her? WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello, me. Yes, sir. Yes. Yeah. I got this for the, um, Jet客 team was very powerful. That was standing for the video. Oh, day and the video. Let's correct. Yeah. I stand corrected. But they about the same height. No. I think he's sort of a... He's shorter than the Joe Pesci. Oh, yeah. He's very talented. Joe Pesci, I wouldn't fit. I would say, yeah. No, they didn't defeat us all right. I like him. He's right. He's good. He was good in wine. In good salad. Well, he always plays the same role. I'm not saying he wasn't good, but he just always the same. If you only saw him in that one movie, you'd say, well, he's pretty good. But then when you see him in casino, when he's playing the same damn role again, and then you see him some other flick. He's still playing the same role. Yeah. Do something a little bit different, but he's a one trick pony. Is that a... I've never seen a movie that he made without any bonuses. No. No. That can be a movie, no, no, no. No. No. Okay, see. I'll take whatever I can get. 560, I guess he was offended by the fact that Joe Pesci is always the same. He is. He is. He's on my nerves to be honest with him, because he's always Joe Pesci playing Joe Pesci. I don't know. If you're going to be an actor, you know, do something a little bit out of character. Like, acting? Yeah. Exactly. And so you just go out and you're being a little chicken neck. We know chicken neck. We like him a lot, but he is what he is, you know. Goop ball. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Whoever you think that's meant to be a talk about. Who what? The day you get the movie you're talking about, who was the director? Just means, and. Yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, that's the thing. That's the thing. Yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, that's the thing. Sorry. I didn't see that one, but I also read some of the reviews of it said, We had a slower than the last. You don't want to. No, yeah, wait. That's the first two. That's the first two. I can say it's strictly for students. It's like, it's like, people listen to jazz and people watch, who look at Andy Wohl Art, you know. Oh, you're just too much of a slob to understand that, Neil. That's probably your auto touch. You're just not to hip and cool and. You're audio audio, you know, fill in the blanks. Just didn't spend all your time in those coffee houses in the village, you know, with. Arnie Ginsburg and I always stood with intellectual. Yeah, and I want to always really impress like the people that you're in men's say. And if they sit around and, you know, gradually, you said, how much smarter they are than everybody else. Not that they're kind of sending you what I'm understanding. Never do that. But there's so much several cuts above all the rest of us. Oh, look at that clip against McCain. Oh, look at look at him. He looks like he had the old bicycle bump in the neck again. He made me turn it on there. And he, now, she's not on right now. Very show. Let's see. The story. Favorite old opinion, 76% Democrats, 45% independence. Only 20% Republicans they don't like that pitch while who cares about that anyway. And John McCain, Democrats 43, independence 49 Republicans 48. So there I guess they try to make the case. I hope they do run him because boy, he's got a lot of baggage. Yeah. And especially when he latched out a George Bushist star, who is less, a couple of weeks. All of a sudden he told that Phil Henry, he's the turncoat routine. Very sad. 836 votes on the pool. Let's see how downtown maybe looks from your perspective for more use it. Dave County's a foreign country, 3657. We're going to boycott it. Not. It sucks. Don't go there. 196. I'm boycotting downtown. Miami. I'm never going there. It's making a great comeback. 115. 13.7% say downtown. How many is making a great comeback. There's cranes on every corner. Loping cranes. Maybe that's what I got. Loping cough. Never been there. 43. Believe me. You're missing nothing. I just I just farted so bad that it's making the paint peel off the wall. I better light a candle. Oh my god. Well, when you had the flu, you know, it's just. He's having more of those yesterday. Huh? All farting day yesterday. Oh, this is I'm sitting here like in a my eyes are missing. Oh boy. I'm playing misting for you. He let's hit the fire alarm off. It's become a tourist trap 36. You're out of touch. No 32. Yeah. You're out of touch with South Florida. Thank God. I hate this fool 28 and it's a paradise only 19. Say downtown. Miami is paradise. We ever go to do the, I guess Monday on to the cross over again. Come for a be back from the Durman. We take. Wait a minute. No, we won't. The Durbies not tomorrow. So, so what does that mean? We don't have next week scheduled. I did that. No. Maybe the brain trust is back to trying to figure out who to put on two to four. Because, you know, then, it probably make the change before the book comes up. Ha ha ha ha ha. Would be the first time. See that happened all the time. Make a big change to the book comes up. Oh, gee, we didn't realize so and so was kicking ass. We just fired his ass. See it all the time in the script business. Wouldn't that be something if that turned out to be a stump. I feel hungry. That would be really. Are you sure? Oring and sleep and. Rising and. Um-huh. Sad predictable. Yeah. How many Q.A.M. Hello? Yeah, you know, um, you're feeling and making it without him. Today, are you? No, that's okay. No, is that food? Yes. Well, how come we didn't pop them down yet? 5.6. 7.0.5.6. No, I don't think I don't have the same word, Rob. And 5.6. And even rising singular wireless lines. How many Q.A.M. Hello? I'm saying so. Uh, Joe Peshie. Uh, give us your leads to weapons. You kind of kind of different in that movie and. Oh, I was a vision. There. I was. We're still. Wasn't any different. You said he was still Joe Peshie playing Joe Peshie. I'm sorry. Anyway, I sang, uh, Kirk will bang. And yeah, I'm glad that guy's dead. This is ruined. It's not easy. Anyway, you can play three chords and no guitar solos. Anyway, I thought he's not going to play. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Bye. I like that. There is the typical soft foot. I don't know. No rough monos. No rough monos man. I blows his brains out. Or maybe Courtney does it. Or maybe the dog does it. I don't know. I don't care. He drove into it. He just, I'm no interest in him. In my group. In any of that. Swill. Uh, none. And then make movies about it. And there are people actually say, go to show you. They're every dog he has his day or something crap like that. Whatever they say. And it's just the way it is. No matter how bad it is, it'll be that people out there will try to make, you know, chicken liver. Other chicken droppings. Pigeon liver. Other pigeon droppings. 567.0.560. Pound 560. They've arrived in a regular wireless line. We're discussing the life and times of Kirk Cobain. WQ, QAM. Hello. Good morning. Two things. You forgot about my cousin, Benny. Yeah. Yeah. Good movie. The other one. Actually, this is getting right. And then how do I get out of South Florida on a one-way ticket? Yes, Andy, we'll send you a conference in the road map, Pound. Right. Just keep the beach to your right as you walk north. Don't be so negative. It sounds to me like you're out of touch with all the good things that are happening in South Florida. You better, you better develop more positive altitude, Mr. Like about 37,000 feet in the air and fly your ass out of there. Look at that little man. Is that the way it's going to be all day? How about death story here today? I don't really feel like bad my head's plugged up. You started to be able to speak a little bit better because you are clear it up a little bit. No, you know the reason for that? What's that? Because early I was drinking club soda. Oh, because I had it. Yeah. And it just doesn't cut it. You know what I mean? I don't know how to describe it. But when I got in the wrong way, we got the mong in your throat. You need something that really cuts through. You know, I can't be in free die of Pepsi. It works really well for me. So now I'm into that. And it's how dramatic difference it'll clean your throat too. It's a mong. It's a mong. If this thought is going to be like this all day, I'm going to bits and music every day. Because this is about as distressing to me as anything I have ever seen in my life. Even yesterday was an improvement. Yesterday was like chronic Thursday. Yeah. That's all right. You know what I need. Maybe to recover from this little chronic tonic. But do you think can't hurt? Maybe some partic. Little chronic tonic. Sounds were symbolic. We had a lot of a fabulous day. We had your buddy Kenny who had his David Cassidy blow up the off-top of against the radio. WQAM. Who is your wife? Yep. Hey George, what's up? It's really here. I want to talk to a meal about the new movie came out today. Did you have a night-level movie? Yeah. I'm going to say about that. But what do you want to say? Just want something to be about it. It's like opening a low-woven. I don't think that movie should have been made. I agree. They have no idea what really happened anyway. It's just a piece of fiction that I try to pass about. I think the guy should have made the movie. He should have made all the money to the R&A-11. Something to name 11. Did you think? Did he do it? No. No. He's taking the risk of pocket. That's great. That would be like making a movie about Jesus and putting the profits in your pocket. Yeah, we are. Are you exactly? Okay. All right. It's not. No, give me something. I want to see it anyway. You didn't get it. I'm putting it on that. Put it on your needle. I'll pass. I'll just mention it. All right. When you just calm down. They're all the way through. He's just a good guy. He's a good guy. Okay. And he actually, I don't know what he said. I haven't seen it. Maybe it's a fine movie. But of course, it's not. I'm not going to see it. I don't like when he takes fiction. And they try to pass it off as his historical fact. I could have never do that. I like it. A lot. Like just like last days. Right. It's Michael Pitt. A lot of things. The only hope that got me on that was because I saw that movie The Dreamers were, you know, we did look pretty good in that because a lot of makeup. But and you had seen it. And I saw something through the movie channels. And I see last days, 2005 Michael Pitt. I thought, well, I just want to hear us to see what he looks like in this way. Almost time. Yeah. He's looking bad at those pictures on the internet or as he looked at your human. And you really never know because you never see his face. Right. Because he's just stoned off his ass and the long hair is always covering up his face. And even if he did see his face, he's got this 80 day growth of beard. And then he, when he goes outside, we keep you running away from these people who keep coming to visit him. He's got this like, it's like in the middle of spring, I guess, or fall. I don't know what time of the year. But it's not cold. And he keeps what we're in this parker with the hood up over his head. You know, like, I don't know. I think it has something to do with Courtney Love. This is Neil Roger. You're talking about my height. This is the Neil Roger show. This is the Neil Roger show. What the fuck? This is your point. I think you're asked. Any questions? Yo man. Yo man. Yo. Open up man. Yo, why you want mom? Do you know this hamburger? Yo. It looks funny. Oh, smells funny. Do you want to try it? I'm not going to try it. Let's give it to Mikey. Hear it, anything? All right. Think of press on it. Listen. We've set up our pants and stores. You're the hand it on sale. Listen. Which made with me, touring port. That's one guy. Use to eat red meat. Just like a barbedaery. And. But since I've heard about Matt Cow, I'm turning vegetarian. You know what? Think about Matt Cow. I'm with you. I'm not just eating meat. I'm the counter-gomu. I swear no more to the beef buff grapes. And say hello instead to a fish upon the head. And it needs you with the class done. What's in the meat? It's a man's one. Spaction. What's in the meat? No, you're eating some. What's in the meat? Can give you such in the chest. It's level three at five. Sixty-two. There's huge amount of digestion. You're a gully. No. And to the second. Maybe that's what I heard. Maybe I got gullyitis. That could be it. My allergies. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think he's fabulous man. I just can't wait to hear that voice again. Five six seven. Five six. Eight pound five. Six 10. They've arrived in singular. Wireless line. I want to hear about all the good things that are happening in downtown Miami. Because I'm out of touch. How many people said that? 35, four percent. Say I'm out of touch. Just. And you guys are out of touch too. But he's just. You're right there and you won't go downtown. You know that you look Clark. So I got that last one. Down. Yeah. You said where do you go to base side or somewhere? somewhere? I went to the arena there to see a concert. No, well, you mean it doesn't count. That's like exactly. When's the last thing we were in sunrise? A lot of us have to saw a grass. I was at the Mac Arena. I mean, that doesn't count. What the hell also you're going to do in downtown Miami? Good, they have to find out. That's what I'm trying to find out. That's what in Crying Mines want to know. And since obviously we got, let's see, it's making a great comeback. 119 people said that. You know, put your money where you put your mouth where your ass is, man. Let's go. Let's hear it. I don't know what that was to do there. Maybe maybe maybe they'll give you something so exciting and testing. Maybe Zach is waiting for you there. I don't know. The good place for him. There's a good QAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Hey, where are you speaking now? Speaking. Hey, up. Crash. What is it? Crash, terrible. Excellent. Well, we wanted to best I've seen in years. Oh, I think you should be consider. Oh, and in other words, I should reconsider and agree with your opinion. Is there another word that I should reconsider? I'll tell you what I'll watch it again and see if I can come to your conclusion. Make you happy. How's that, schmuck? I think you should reconsider. That is one of the great. Seriously, Mark it down. It's one of the great calls I've ever had in my life. There was if you didn't like it, you're entitled. I mean, you have crappy taste, but he probably like broke back Mountain Better to which I would say. You're fair. That's all. broke back Mountain sucks. Which by the way, a great read stopman in the hall and said that you should definitely finish the movie because it's all about the ending. It's a really good movie. Yeah, I think you should finish the movie too. Yeah, based based on his recommendation, I think that since his it is. I think it's what material you got out of the beginning. We just have what you said in the end. I am not watching the rest of broke ass mountain. Okay, there's no chance. Now, the good news for George for both of you is because he can loan it to. I say you buy original copy there. Would you listen to me? All right. It's on the way. No, I just I didn't. You know, I didn't get you one of those huge ones. You know, so I go right. But it's on the way. You'll have a three to five business day. So I mean, you do by this time next week. In other words, you're all set up for next weekend. That's right. Not exciting. I'm thrilled by a bag, especially for that movie. Oh, you'll need a bag. Just go a lot of different. You need to draw some of their bags. You'll need some of those kind of you know, you'll be. You think you were bad on Wednesday. You'll be keeping your best out of big time. It, uh, seriously, you sit there and you, you stare at the screen and you ask yourself or a way and it's something going to happen. I have a, I have a feeling. To keep the movies where nothing happens or listen, it happens slowly. Listen to me. This is the epitome of that. There is nothing happening. I mean less than nothing and we have these still scenes that go on. The one, the scene with the house and the tree. Yeah, it's like I said, it's probably about five minutes, but it seems like five hours and the camera doesn't move. And then there's another one where they're showing out in the woods. There's a scene and I guess, you know, the suit would like to say, oh, this is so artistic. And they showed the, there's a little bit of a breeze and the leaves are blowing. You know, they're like, the leaves are moving and you can see the visiter and we watch that for at least a minute. And it, it seems like 15 hours of it. You know, just, well, what is this supposed to represent? Why am I watching this? I mean, I know that when the wind blows a little bit, the leaves kind of like move. Yeah, all the leaves at least were moving. You know, that was as much action as I think we saw in the whole movie is the leaves were moving. I, I just can't even begin to describe that. That's why you have to watch it for yourself. And when you're done watching that, you'll be ready for the bull, believe me. WQAM Hello. I'll be a houter. Okay, yeah. Uh-huh. Only one thing we watch you to be a next dead. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know, I'm curious. They crash into the movie. What did you find to be on about it? What did I find appealing about? Yeah, what did you like about the movie? What made it good? The story I thought was compelling. I thought it was like a Magnolia and they had the different subidniettes about different people. It's all related to each other as I'm bizarre way. The acting was excellent. Other than that, what's not for life? A lot of surprises? I thought the acting was good and it too all agree with you on that. But I mean, they just play out the same boring stereotypes. You know, it just put them in obvious ironic situation. No, they weren't boring. They weren't boring stereotypes. They were honest stereotypes. They were honest the evaluations of the way real people feel about life. And I suppose I suppose I guess I just I don't know how the people feel and I don't to be very politically correct horsecraft that they usually feed us. But did you share this movie? Amor of terror? No. No, you should check that out when some sometimes. Very similar style. But I thought you wanted to see that if you didn't like crash, but I want to see that. Well, no, I mean, you know, I'm not saying crap is bad movie. I'm just saying that I thought, you know, the stereotypes were replaced. They've been done a lot of times before. And there's been a dozen movies come out in the past here where they've had poor, undenected stories of people who all can collide. One seemingly unpredictable situation. Other than that, other than Magnolia, which isn't in the last year, but other than that, naming another one. All right, let's see. What was another one that came out recently? Who's a one with some Vinicials of Foro? Where he hits the girl on accident, the family caught in the street, and got shot and handed it to. And I'll come on. You got a no one I'm talking about. I never said that. I don't know. I do. No, really. All right. And let's see. What else is coming out recently? I didn't know you kind of put me on the spot with that there. I'll have to look it up a little bit. And I'll tell you what I do to you guys. I know I'm a research. Why do you movies that were similar to that? But I'm not saying that it's unique. I mean, very few movies are unique. I thought it was very well done and it kept my interest in it. It had a lot of action and moved and it wasn't boring and pond-wissing the acting with sensational. And I just enjoyed it. No, it certainly wasn't pond-wissing. I know that this come, I'm not talking about you, but I'm just in general. There are some people that you have to go through this whole people who consider themselves students of film. It's just like with music, you know. And they want to critique theirs. I don't watch a movie that way. I should start with an open mind. I put the DVD in there or turn on the cable. Hopefully, you know, I hope things were the best. Something we don't even enjoy. And I did. I'm not going to go through a whole tech-reverse information of all the angles and I'm just not in that crap. No, I'm curious what you found to go about the film. I mean, I do. I'm just very, very compelling and kept you glued to what it was. I forget the bowl. Everything is like four mill of these days. No point to do what was going to happen. So you had a lot of suspense and a lot of surprises. That's the eye we have to distribute that. I had to move the peg from the very beginning. I mean, I knew what was going to happen all the way through. How they're all going to connect together. I mean, I did. You're a buddy of fire. Tell you, I told you. So how did you knew that Ryan to leap into the computer? You knew that the kid was going to pull out that little Choski there in Ryan Philippe was going to blow him away. You knew there were blanks from the gun. Oh, I knew that. You knew that one was going to save her later on. Yeah, that was obvious. You know, you know, you're a lot of senior vets in the smart for us. I can't talk film with you. We just have to get some art. We have to look at the wires. What he is. Okay. I dirty thought he was. He's a liar and I said he liked the movie. And then later on, he's ripping every aspect of it. How how they all could anybody have known that we're blanks in the gun. That's right. And of course, if you didn't see it, we're ruining the whole thing for it. But blame him not us. Right. I would like to know what happened to Ryan Philippe 13 of the movie because he's out there hitchhiking. I will pick him up. What? Are you ready? He needs the ride. He's the pilot. He's hitching the ride. That's right. He's hitching the ride. He's hitching the ride. Look, I like Ryan Philippe. Okay. I think he's fine American. Who was he married to? I don't know, but that turned me around on him. Because I was hate because I was not. I don't know. Don't tell him. Hello movie that I saw with the lawn waste. No, I got one movie. Oh, that was a little bit movie though. That was also a pretty show. Dole's horror was in that scene. You know, that was a good movie that I think we'll get it in the other one. I get in suit. I can't ever think of the name of that movie. Oh, for a credit. But that was very good. In James' calm was in and he was imitating James' calm. The horror you were demonstrating? Yeah. I thought he was imitating a halon. He's the rider. There goes a lot of these fear in the noise. So you have to be a bear. This is just a kill from time so you can find that movie. By the way, he's married to Reef with her. Oh my god. So another reason not to like him. Why is that? Well, I swear, you hate Reef with her James, but we're totally as scary. Well, at least he's not some, uh, gay, see her. Although he, although he was in 54 and he trying to think of Michael Pett turned down the role in 54. In reading his bio. I'm so glad too because Reef was very good man movie. What he talking lately? Yeah, he was. He was not talking like that. But Michael Pett was, see, Michael Pett wasn't talking at all in, uh, in the last day. See, just I'm like, mum, mum, mum, mum, mum, mum, mum, mum, mum. We were preparing the, like that. Listen, when there's nobody in the world that can do, this is one of those things you have to experience. I, my verbal abilities, my capacity, uh, are limited. But when you watch it for yourself, you'll say, I can't wait to feel the gravity in this scribble. I've just, um, you know, in the fan of the fact that there are the pseudo intellectuals who will say, oh, but this is really a work of art. It's a masterpiece. And Zaniz, a genius. That's, say, that's the part that Reef will send you an over. When you think about that. 13 past 11, a few minutes to get the warm up show. Oh! Great sound. And answer to a sound. Thanks, Reef and mum, Zaniz. One silly generation. A movie comes along that changes the way we look as think about film. Broke back mountain is that film. Here's what people in New York City are saying about broke back mountain. Broke back mountain, I love that movie. It's one of my favorites. Literally I'd cry the entire time. And he pledges performance. It was amazing. I love that movie. Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about broke back mountain. I mean, you see that, Fred. I mean, I don't know. I'm so too bad to hide. Too bad. And then the tool I had. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about broke back mountain. Oh my god, it makes my heart just, yes, beautiful. Last year, I mean, really. How did you answer anything more? Oh my god, it's fabulous. Fantastic. Here's what people in New York are saying about broke back mountain. I thought I was going to see how board movie. And you know what? And a public hand that makes his way. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. This winter, one movie is breaking box office records. And connecting with the heart and soul of America. Broke back mountain has one virtually every major critics group of war and four best picture. Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about broke back mountain. It's magic. Here in simple magic, they felt this movie might fall in my heart. Here's what people in Alabama are saying about broke back mountain. My god, there's a couple of diggers in it. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Broke back mountain. Not that everyone, especially if you live in a square state. I think I know why Greg liked it so much. It brought back a lot of memories over Andrew Assenwood. I think. 20 past 11 at five, 60 WCM. Don't forget it's QM's big NFL Draft Party with the Man dog. It hooters in Pembroke Pans tomorrow. Join Jim Manage and Joe Zegaki and the Big O. Broke solid. Roger Draft Day coverage. And be sure to enjoy them at hooters in Pembroke Pans for the NFL Draft Party tomorrow. Starting at 10 in the morning and goes on all the way to 5. And then presented by Heinrichen. Now. Heinrichen. That's your loss. 925 votes. We're going to have before noon. We'll have our 1,000. How do you impress? Good. I'm just going to have to watch crash again just to make sure I, you know, and then I'm going to re-ear evaluate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, we know we're still over here but all these good things you're happening in downtown Miami. That's that's why I'm really skeptical about this. Well, you know, maybe they're busy having a good time to busy enjoying all those things. Well, if that's the case then how come they're voting on the pool? They have their laptop on the internet or the hot spot. You know. And that must be it. Because 120 when people say downtime, I'm making a great comeback. And I'd like to hear about all these attractions that people ought to be going and seeing and shopping. Dining and dancing exactly. Maybe Joey Carr is down there dining and dancing. And the phone is his dead as a door nail. And once that delay catches up in about 20 minutes, you wait and see. And through the roll at that block party downtown. They're all in other all at base side. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know, that this idea that the ending is the whole thing about a movie. That's what you have to wait and see. If I have to go through two hours of terminal boredom. So so bad that even the sheep are nodding off. I don't care what the ending is. It's not of any consequence to me. You follow what I'm saying? No, you're right. In other words, there are a lot of movies that are very fascinating. And then we're not real happy with the ending. Right. It'll make a crash. It crashed. The ending isn't satisfactory. Because there's a lot of loose ends and a lot of, but we can't go on forever. And I like to try to tell you about Magnolia. There's a lot of interesting stories. They, you know, have a sequel or something. But then we'll be can't go on for like seven hours. It just can't go on forever. Looking at it out some other questions. Why? They could have edited out some fat. One in a minute or yeah, I was just written it differently. Even Tom Cruise was good in that movie. What is that? Right. That story line was great and it ended. I don't think he had to do much acting for that part either. You follow him saying? Because he was, I think that was him. Well, sadly he can be a good actor. You have noticed that in what that was the movie. In first he business when he was under our dance around on the couch. That was a pet you did and said on the couch on Oprah. See, he's got this thing on the couch. Oh, I don't want to say that. He's taking it with us. Yeah, I think he does everywhere. WQAM, hello. Where did it go? Yeah. Where did it go? I'm saying that was the one with VDCL, Turo and Ryan Filly. What is it? He told me when he lived over there. And we talked in like James Kahn. James Kahn. Never heard James Kahn. I love James Kahn. I can never be gay. I know they give a heart of poems. Very. Now, Godfather talks like that. Come on, when you stop talking like a New Yorker in the guy's thoughts. Yeah, I'm not like a hairlitt. Do we have any, oh yeah, I'll do it. Well, listen. Yeah, I'm just taking a sparing part. See? Very patient. Yeah, yeah. You tell me it's very personal. So morning we'll go to the movie later. We'll get some audio from it. That's the way you have it. A whole month. We've done some audio from it. Anyway, it's a good movie the way the gun is. We've got a potato and a roll. It's a good movie. That was all right, yes. And the scene where they're doing the, uh, what is it? The sperm donation or whatever the whole are doing? It was a blood, right? Yeah, no, it was for. Yeah, and this didn't a sperm. We say that. I, I just said it, okay. Right. In the polywab bank. Ted polls, you know, the Ted poll bank. That that scene and I have a Ted poll where he says to the guy, just say, Faggot, come on, just say the word right. That that scene is just, it's the best. Really is good. W 2 a m. Hello. Surprise, yes. W 2 a m. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Hey, you and George both suck. Yeah, okay, listen, line up. 5 6 7 0 5 60 line up for the two out to the, I'm not so okay, Corral. And pound five 60 me Verizon, Sincere, where I was flying. Well, I'm just wounded to the quick, you know, you're right though about that soda just cuts her. I'm, we're both right. Cuts right through it. So the other stuff generates fun as opposed to, you know, diet perhaps. I'm so done free. I'm a Z. I don't know. I mean, I don't know. Does that have any caffeine? Isn't that any calories new? Think it would be like, but it's sick. Because I had some daily day when I was having my own. That's the issue. I've done one from soda with for the nausea, flood me up. Really? Yep. How about like diet seven up is supposed to be good, you know? They, they died ginger rail. Right. Why is that? Why are they always like saying ginger? Is it weird? Yes, it is. Really. I'd never had no dog named ginger. But it's kind of dog named, Missy wants to put a time on as a little kid. My aunt and uncle gave us this dog that was dying. Nice job. Called Missy and it kept sliding around on the yacht. And I think my mother being a citizen at that point, the years and years ago, she's the wax vacation floor just to see the dog slide around a lot. What a bitch. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is this real? Yes, speaking. How long are you? I'm hanging in there. How are you? Good. I love your show. Okay. And... And... And it's a... And goodbye. Goodbye. You know, this business about downtime, I mean, is making it become like you people are so full of crap, man. It's just... it's staggering. There isn't one thing that they can tell us, not one. Not even... not so elementary, Uno. I think it can tell us about what's happened in down there. It's so... I mean, I hope you saved that fact. I should have framed it. That was one of my all-time favorites. I did that. The thing that I mean, I see it coming. Well, what did it say the most cosmopolitan city in the world? Really? Here's a fact that says speaking of faxes. Uncle Leo, these people called me and say the crash was not a good movie. We are way off. I rented crash and you're recommendation. I thought it was great. And was led that a one-the-osquince that a broke ass mounting. The color that said he knew what was going to happen is full of crap. The other one. Yeah, he didn't. He doesn't make it. He knew there were kink-nobin. And he didn't. Right. He's just full of the man. He's just talking a lot of trash that saw. Because the bottom line is you didn't like the movie or he's just trying to be a barblesser. That's all. We like the movie so therefore it sucked. And you know something? I don't really care whether anybody else likes it. That's the thing. It's like music or movies or anything. Sure. I got my taste and as long as I can taste it, that's all I care about. 939. Oh, there's that John Bolton man. I'm here. I'm here from the room when I see him. Good God. He says Iran is in the finds of the insecurity council. Let's bottom them right now, man. Before that November election, let's bottom them now into oblivion. Let's just start WWE WWE 3. In fact, we already got one, W. Can't believe it, I just gave that. And I don't want to put down on my friend's head. I'll see you there. We need to soon obviously make sure. Yes, I didn't look where I was doing it. I'm alive. That's inside the tricycle. I'm a rascal man. So I'm a coven 남ious I got the brakes and beans. brakes and beans. I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I'm proud. I'm proud. Okay, I just do a pop the level point. I think I'm gonna be here on my foot. I should start taking these a couple days ago. The water lude. A levic win. Yeah, level of floccison. Tell it, kind of a buzz you get from that. Anyway, it is expire in May anyway, so I'm as well using that. Probably be better after they're expired. No, see that's always a good reason to start taking a bunch of medications before they expire. Or before I do. Now that'll little help. 955 960 votes, but are coming in a chunk now. Can you smell them? It's still something 960 on a poll. What's your take on downtown Miami? Dave County is a foreign company for 1113. Got a lot of stories about the whole Mexican deal. And wait till you hear this. There'll be two distributed people heading to streets in LA alone on Monday. All these big protests nationwide, Boycott marches on May 1 Monday. We're gonna close down LA Chicago, New York, Tucson, Phoenix and Fresno said the Union official who helped organize earlier rallies, credited with rattling Congresses of the Vacy immigration issue. And what this guy's name is? I don't know who he'll. George Rodriguez. Really? I tell you. The Union, the Union guy, George Rodriguez. Right. Anyway, we'll get to that. I'll get out of there. Shut down Miami. Oh. You even a stretch during the pop because downtown Miami's making a big comeback. I understand, but don't be here down there. Dave County is a foreign company for 1113. It sucks. Don't go there. 235. Don't go there. It's making a great comeback, 127, but now one of those 127 will tell us how or why or when or where. Never been there, 47. Well, it's become a tourist trap, 42. tourist traps don't let a overpriced crap. Kind of like Niagara Falls. See Niagara Falls, it really amazes me how stupid so many people are, well, because most Americans are pro-Opiole anyway. But like even the Humper who I think is generally, you know, is a little bit not much. But remember I was trying to explain him about Falls, because you know, and he was a kept, he kept thinking Niagara Falls New York for some bizarre reason, which there is an Indian casino Niagara Falls, New York. But why does anybody want to go to Niagara Falls, New York? You know, see, that's not where the honeymoon couples go to. That's not where anybody goes. That really is, you know. But it is definitely a tourist trap and they got like the A of the Laxi Museum. They got all the old fossils from Laxi. Your rich shaw's old cap. But they got a great casino there. It's all I can tell you. Anyways, become a tourist trap 43. But then you could say that about Vegas too, right? tourist trap. That doesn't mean you can't have a good time there. You have a blast in downtown Miami. Go into Bayside. Yeah. You're out of touch, New York. 40 people say that 4% amount of touch, well, too bad, too freaking bad. I'm going to stay out of touch. I hate this toll 32 and it's paradise 24. I just made a decision. I said this about a month ago, but I'm going to do it this time. I'm getting rid of that normal camp. You deal with them. I keep looking for an email. I was supposed to have this morning. You all over has to do with you. You get in touch with them about your deal. I'm not going to be the Pimp anymore. All right. Don't be the Pimp anymore. I don't drive you all civil. I'm not the right shade to be a Pimp anyway. I'm just not participating in that channel against. Don't. You know, as it is, you can hear, I'm struggling a little bit to sweep the voice with a fluidness cold, whatever this isn't ammonia, whatever I got. And he calls last night out of the blue and wasted 45 minutes of my time on a phone and my voice getting me all ripped up about nothing about things that I know. Interesting. The the the crux of the phone call was that the bees these are a bunch of idiots and they're impossible to deal with. Now, but it's called me to tell me that, right? Right? Yeah, get me all stressed up and then the apologizing for calling give me all. I don't care. I just want the money. Is that so hard to understand? I just want the money. I'm doing the best I can here every day. Even I'm days when I'm like sick as a dog. I'm not really, yeah, I'm not throw it to little, uh, if he. I still show off sick as a little dog. I still make the track all the way into work. I'm a great real snow. Right. Through the sleeves. But, uh, you're just going normal. I'm not, I'm not sending any more money. I don't, I don't want your services. You deal with George. You, you can be his client. Okay, let's go my number. I'm sure he's going to want some serious cash for all of you. Yeah. Because he's getting you that big ray on a retroactive and full bonus to some of our, first of all, are you about bonuses on this station at this point? I think it's kind of a move point. Don't you? Yeah. I mean, I would be planning on spending any bonus money. I know, uh, because I know that John did his new deal. I mean, he's got written in the guaranteed bonuses. Oh, yeah. Because he knows that we can't get no bonus. It's not the way that they're dismantling this joint. So, so we'd like to inform okay. Thanks to the memories, but go away and just don't ever call here again. Because I'm just going to hang up on him. I don't want. I'm not giving it no more money. And you just, you're annoying. That's all. And what, what he likes to do. Because when he tells me that all this screaming with Joyce and this and that, and based on what? Based on what? I got almost three years left on this deal. I don't have any great, uh, immediate issues of, you know, the paycheck short-up of the day early again this time. That's fine. That's all I care about. I don't care what they do to this place. Well, why the hell should I? If they don't care, why the hell should I care? Right. I'm trying to, I'm like the BG's told me. Just stay in a live. That's what I'm trying to do. Stay in live. I'm giving paid on payday. That's all. That's a fine, admirable view. And I'm less than other people who are getting paid a lot of money. Who seem to show up by, you know, whenever they go and have some other gig going, uh, I'm here pretty much with your people. That's right. Stay in live. They hit him. Followed five shots. What? Six shots. And he's still alive. Well, that's not what the BG's are going to do. Please. Thank you. But the BG's one more time, and I think you're mad. That's right. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight. Now you have to watch of my son then. Now that we got that money revive, why is that? Because there's a Lenny character in there. Yeah. And he's differently complexed, but there are similarities. I see. WQAM, hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you missed one of the top part, get the stuff. One of the real good ones are going to show all of them Saturday night. You know, all of them from, well, just didn't get this denouings. All the new ones. But not Tom Cruise and they jumped her vote in the closet. Yeah, all of them. I've got to be not here with you. Now they're going to show all of 2006, one. Oh, I see. And there was one character in the episode called Gary. They shouldn't name that character. Yeah, that's the one I burned for you, man. You'll have it in the now. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, I burned one, George. I burned one for you, man. It went from a coffee sat one. Yeah, put them depends on when you watch that. OK, literally. Later. Thanks, pal. Or just like you noticed, right? Put a towel down on the chair or something. Really? Yeah, where a bid. Hmm. You might boast not all over your shirt. Oh, and now who is this character like choice? It's very much like choice, yes. Constipated. Bitch. Yeah. I mean, I don't need something to do. I don't want to ruin it for you. I don't need anybody to call me up at night. And all right, any other time, to tell me that the beeslears are a bunch of idiots and they're impossible to do business with. I don't need that. I know that. You don't say? We don't need any reminders. You're just an impediment to exist in stormy. And what you've accomplished is last a period of time now. I could put an offimple and have room for the Chinese army left over. It's been a long time since you've nailed on much of anything. Well, at least in this, I'm not sure what else you're nailed, but that's saying I can imagine. 900 and so do you. What I'd tell you will have a thousand votes by noon. Then they will fear us. This is Neil Rogers. What solid this is? 5. 16. 18. 18. 17. Why do I use first? I use the voices. I hear the voices. I listen to all the voices. Still, buddy. He's this here. Did he kill all the homo-tits? He need their soul. Right now. I bear a whole period in words of love. What you're getting back in. What you're talking about. So where is your eye thing? You fool. This is neither. I'm the designer. All Iraq was a good decision. Don Rumsfield is doing a fine job. And a die life, the idea of lowering a flop bag in. Yeah, that's a significant sin anyway. Well, do you know how everyone who goes there is just a sin? No. Where's the virgin Mary? Who's being more upset with you? Somewhere in front. He makes great fan reviews. That's because he was his real and old intangible age. It's not that die. Fireboy's voice is for a pair. Is that you? There's old men and men. And I do. And look like a dog two days. I only think of them. I'm the designer. Or a little sexy when he presses like a poor Russian woman. I wish you all the way to the point. For a sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports. I kick you ass. Lump 46-14-0-2-1, a QA, and black said it. It literally not already, I feel better already. Really? I mean, it's just psychological, I guess. What do you do? That's good. What? Did you snort it? Yeah. No, I inserted it in my vacuum. I feel very rossic. You said, maybe previous report. I'm going to get into my pine. I'll actually speak a little bit. All right. I'll try to go along till I could open up my vocal cords. I'm like really cosmic. What do you think that they would like do something? I mean, like, well, I guess that's not really good. I mean, again, they're not like an operation or something. Like, I had a vocal cords. He just can't speak. Right. Well, that's kind of like last days. That's Kurt Cobain. I mean, Michael Pitt. The woman who said she was raped in it by a few members of Duke's Lacrosse team also told police ten years ago. She was raped in it by three men. Filing an 1996 complaint claim and she had been assaulted three years early when she was 14. Well, she gets raped a lot. Authorities in here, my career by Creedmore, North Carolina, said yesterday that none of them in name did a decade old report was ever charged but they didn't have any details. Why? A full number for the accuses been disconnected. A family declined to comment to the A&P. But relatives told Essin's magazine in the online story this week that the woman declined to pursue the case out of fear for her safety. The existence of the reports of private defense attorneys, one of whom had sought information about the accuses passed for use in attacking her credibility. That's the very first I heard of that said Bill Carter, the attorney for a dead end of the cross-tire column finnery of finnery. Along with fellow Duke sophomore Reed Salachman is charged with first-degree rape kidnapping and sexual assault. Attorney for Salachman asked the court this week to order the state to turn over the accuses medical legal and education because in a whole pretrial hearing to determine if the complaint in witness is even credible and after provide reliable testimony. The accuser, may we know about that, she did this, she did that. According to the Cretemore Police Report in August 96, when a woman was a teen she told Oversus she was raped and didn't beat and buy a three-man for a continual time in 1993 which she was only 14. Cretemore Police was attacked at an unspecified location on a street in Cretemore, a town 15 miles northeast of Durum, North Carolina. The report lists the names of the three men but other details. Cretemore Police chief Ted Pollard said yesterday had no recollection of the report and it staffed but unable to find a additional information about it. Durum police officer Brian Bishop who would have been the Cuser in 1996 while working on the Cretemore force said yesterday had a vague recollection of the report but couldn't remember any details. When asked about the Cus' previous report of rape Grumcutting DA, Mike Knifeong declined a comment, he's mum. Before a settlement and fitterty were in debt attorneys for the players' point of the accusious criminal history would answer questions about their client's legal troubles, the one-tay ago the several misdemeanors in 2002. But a weak bit of a put about as I have one question still. Why should we care? But of course people, that's why it feels very important to put that on the ear people are whipped up about that. Another guest to another missing chick who is a doctor, I don't know, they're starting in on that I think Dan Abram, and there's a real pilot turret, real self-important kind of a jerk on MSNBC, he's all whipped up on that one. So we cause the deal to be there to solve that one pretty soon. She'll be on top of it, like Stingon Gray. 960 votes, how about if I were first to, we could have maybe just maybe, ooh 998. He's that great? That's right, I can't wait, we'll have our 1000 votes and then we all go home. Not before the meltdown says, if this is quite a shock, reports says Iraq becoming a terrorist safe haven. No. The State Department's annual terrorism report finds that Iraq is becoming a safe haven for terrorists, and is attracted a foreign fighter pipeline, linked to terrorist plots, cells of attacks throughout the world. The report being released today also says terrorist groups loosely associated with al-Qaeda present the greatest threat to the US and the world even greater than al-Qaeda itself. The official told CNN that without how to see new leadership scattered on the run, autonomous cells inspire bioquite as extremist ideology present a greater challenge because they're smaller, harder to detect and more difficult to counter. These micro-actors are launching more attacks, and they're more local and more lethal, the senior officials, of course, he spoke on a condition of anonymity. The official site of last July's bombings and London by British Muslim of the ties to Pakistan as an example of an increase in attacks by local terrorists with foreign ties. Iran is becoming a terrorist safe haven. What a shock. Tickrously before the Iraq attacks, and that wasn't the case. So as usual, do an echoed job, Mr. President. Take a good job, Brownie. Take a good job, all of these are folks. Take a good job, Carl Roe. So they could be his demise. Could be that jury is going to come back and maybe give some bad news for him today. Wouldn't that be bad? Yeah, I'd be bad, somehow. I just refreshed again. We got a thousand and four votes. Man, that makes me feel like we've accomplished something here today. If something we did, because if nothing else, if I don't save people two hours of their lives, but not watching it last, because some people, maybe who like no fan, maybe they like their code, but I like their color code a lot. I don't have the right answer. I have the right answer. I think they were still a free train. Right. I bet you're pardoned? I said you haven't liked anything good since 1973. I see. Or four, I don't know. No comment. I forget when Eros Smith was making good music. Oh. But you would. It's all a drug's making for good. Yeah. 560560, town 560, the Verizon singer, the wireless line. That's not the point. The point is whether you're, well, I was trying to say, even as a fan of the group, and of them, personally, you will watch this movie. And just, I'm, I'm down here and to you. I bet Josh is life on it. I'd better unload the shotgun before I watch it. Because I can see everyone who's already making a lot of noise this week about not not liking movies. They're slow and high-end-whirzy and nothing seems to happen. They move very, very slowly. That's maybe as much of a pee as the ending for me. Well, for me. But this movie is like it's on a freeze frame for two hours. That's how fast this one moves. Occasionally, though, he does, he has moved from one side of the room to the other one. He's a fatagre from one side of the room to the other. Which is, you know, he's a fatagre from one side of the room to the other. Which is a big, a fatagre from the other. But it was the least actually blowing in the breeze. It's like, oh, my God, it's actually something happening here. The scene, you've got to see it. I can't describe it to you. The scene of the house where they're looking through the window. And the tree, the big tree is there for the house. And the horrible, this awful music, the likes of which I can't even be able to select nails on a blackboard, even worse than that stuff. Or was this supposed to have been like, what's the thing? I didn't see it from the beginning. You think I actually sat and watched this thing. I just kept going back out of more of a curiosity. When something was going to happen, or why it had the three stars on the bottom of the screen, like it did there on the preview thing. And nothing ever happened. So I can't answer any of your questions. Although there was one scene where he was all dressed up in a dress. No, I'm not dressed in a, what's your call of it? A slipping and a black slip, yeah. A permissal. And then every time somebody came over to the house, he would give me a slip. W2AM, hello. Hi, is this the Neil Rudder show? Yes, sir. Oh, hi. I'd like to talk with me all about the last days movie. You know, I'm speaking to you. Oh, I'm on the air. It sounds just like you. Yes, where you come from, by the way. I'm calling for Florida. Florida. I mean, like, like a city or whatever. Yeah, I mean, I'm calling for 4th and Lucy. Oh, 4th and Lou and I keep that quiet if I were you too. That's a good idea. I saw the movie. My daughter picked it out. She 16. Right. And we watched it together. And I thought actually, through most movie that was trying to be bad on purpose. Well, they sure could. Sure, it's accomplished it. But yeah, yeah. Usually with a bad comedy, you'd least find something that's funny or a bad scary movie. You find something that's a little bit chilling. Yeah. But this was really bad. And afterwards, if you watched the, um, the extras that they put on the DVDs, I don't know if you did. I don't have the DVDs. Thank God. I thought it was on cable. Okay. They actually have interviews with the director and the actors. And they're talking literally about how brilliant they are for saying this or shooting this scene that way. And it's, it's, it's, laugh out loud, laughable. Well, you know the scene that I'm talking about where they're showing the shot of the front of this house. And then the tree is the big tree. And then you can just barely see like some motion inside the window and you have no idea what's going on. Yeah. And I write this. That scene's seem like it went on for about five hours. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's one of their brilliant things. They were going to camera back, correct? Yeah. They were showing how they did that. And how brilliant it was if they did that. And people would come, they had the actor who was in the one scene talking about wanting to get a space heater talking about how brilliant he was because he brought up a space heater. Uh-huh. It was really laughable. And I, to this day, I still see my daughter about it. Every time we're going through a video story, I have to go and watch out. What does she say about it? Well, she thought it was about Kurt Cobain and once he saw that scene where he was dressed up in the dress. Yeah. She got out of her hand. So that was pretty much it for her. Yeah. But I thought that one scene where he puts the park on and goes into town. Yeah. You got through that part, did you get up to there? Did you have the whole thing? No, he kept putting the park on. I don't know if he was going to the town because every time he would do that and go outside, I just turned it off. Well, one, he's talking to a man in, um, I think it's a ball. No, no, you can't carry when he's mumbling to a man. Right. Well, actually he wasn't even talking. The man was talking to him. Yeah. And he really didn't see anything the whole time. And they never showed his face. He just showed like the side of the park and it reminded me of Kenny and South Park. Yeah. You know, because it was just like the Kenny character. To me, the movie was a zoo because it's probably the worst movie I ever saw. Hey man, hey man. Yeah, you appreciate that movie. That's really the one. I think Kenny saw it. That's good. But I do believe that's that. Have a great day, pal. There's one other thing I'd like to bring up. Yes, sir. Um, it this is a personal thing. It kind of annoys me. I'm sure you probably brought it up in the past. I get out of race when I see cars with WO4 bumper stickers on them. Yeah. It just is beyond me how you could still have that bumper sticker on. First of all, I don't see anybody bow to form again in the first place. What the heaven on today is the time when they have seen one of the best thing the cash flows. As well as regulatory relief to enhance. Sorry, I'm sorry to point you lunch. I don't think it's okay. I just can't believe that people are riding around proudly playing the sticker. If I bought a car and it was used and have that sticker, I spray painted or something. Just remember there's a lot of stupid people out there. Just keep that in mind. I know. Good. I got my own bumper stickers now. There's a place called Northern Sun. Yeah. And it has like a liberal bumper stickers. And I'm thinking I'm going to display one or two and hope nobody flaps. We're very careful. Okay. Good luck. You're pal. I bet a little long went in. Anyway. Could be peace in the Darfur region? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And the Darfur region. It's wrong. And people are dying all ex-enocide. But he can't be worried about. Oh look if he didn't care about the Dark Fosin doll, he's riding care about the Dark Fosin Darfur. This is Neil Rogers. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on Q8M. If you can't hear the dialogue on the TV show 24, it's not you. I'm not a normal in-way spirit. The following takes place between 1 am and 2 am. The Jack, if we've got a new lead, I'm a St. Talk ass. What the hell is this? What the hell is this? What the hell is this? What the hell is this? What the hell is this? I gotta go see ya. I ain't get that up. I'm just kidding. What the hell is this? Why are you getting mad at me? I just can't hear you. I just can't hear you. I just can't hear you. No, stop. I can't understand you. 24. If your volume's not on 24, you can't hear a quote. I'm not gonna tell you anything Jack Bauer. Where's the St. Talk ass? I'm not. Why? St. Talk ass. I am no idea what you're talking about. Do we wish we were good or good? I'll tell you anything you want. Just tell me what you say. Oh my god. Oh, god. This is driving me crazy. 24. The only way you'll be able to understand what's happening is if you use your clothes captioning. I'm just walking. What is your clothes? What is that? What is that? I can't tell you how to understand you. I'm not gonna tell you anything. I'm just walking. I'm just walking. I'm just walking. I'm just walking. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. 24. Where is the SAT button? Can help you. No, we're not gonna put that in your house. I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Don't say it. No, it's not a handy button. You don't have to say it. No, it's a handy button. No, it's a handy button. You can't see it. You can't see it. So, I use me all. 24. Man, be nice to hear what was actually happening. What's going on? Jack, I miss you. I love you. I miss you. I miss you. I miss you. I miss you. I miss you. Call me. What's happening? What do I know? I'm telling you. I got to put on my face. 24. You can do it. On. On. It's 12 or two of speaking to the members. Of course, I would have people by my side. That's good. It's 26, October. 12, on a full weekend. There is no drama. So, my professional style is fighting for a self-man. If there's a high level. A judge. For sports. Just a lot of people would be very grateful to find out. They won't do that talking because we could manage. It's a huge hangover, it's going to be big. T placed even eightockets on the river. True. I haven't made an ensemble yet. I did an ensemble and me. I missed anyone. I never did. This happens before. LleМ7114 raus морise stones. The best days ever. There are so many questions coming. so many questions and I'm getting so any answers. But this particular one, I mean if there's something there, inquiring minds want to know. That's right. I could understand if none of our people voted for that, but I mean we got what percent is? 13 percent. Say that it's making a great comeback, man. It's a happen in place. It's the epicenter of the universe downtown Miami. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Hello. For this? We've come. Oh, Neil. Yes. Well, sir, bro, we're Georgia. He's a hangin'. Hey, George. What's up, dude? I got a big blonde. Yo. We have dude. We're gonna hit it up and you're the rango. Yeah. You worry. I think that's about 5. 6th, he pound 5. 6th and he Verizon singular wireless line. How to pardon our. Our white one, children, our smoke. Yeah. Pardon our blown smoke. WQAM, hello. Did I go to huders? Yeah. With a bandjewon, you're knee. WQAM, hello. QAM. QAM. QAM, I got to go to help, please. Speaking. Neil, how are you doing? Oh, no, I'm taking it. Here, how are you doing? Let me say it again. Great. Hey. I'm just down here for the week. Would they have gone out of Miami? I'm from New York. This place is crazy. Yeah. I'm not figuring this through this whole, they're full, they're full, they're full, they're all out. Oh, right. Hold, right in the middle. What does that mean? Well, what, right in the middle. I got it. I'm going to turn the radio off for your line. I'm going to get that going. I'm going to get that going. You're going to get that going. I spoke back. Turn the radio off. He's squeezing his cheeks. He's going sound on the radio. He's waiting for our format delayed. We know what's that here. Go back to New York. Okay. We got enough New York. We lose all ready and stuff. So to get lost. Part of the rest. Retard. Retard. Part of. John. Even the glido is going to put up with his ass. That's probably why he's in Florida now. Another guy that got drummed out in New York. You know, a lot of those. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Tell me who I am. Hello. New York. We jacked line. Hello. Yes, sir. Meal. Yes. You know, I could see we could go home on the month ago. You were asking about money. I was really busy. Yes. Because she has a beauty salon. Yeah. You always did. I mean, those girls. Yeah. Yeah. They had a narrow belt. And that was it. That was it. That was the beginning of the end of his call. His fantastic input and output for you. People, you know, that probably did on. I think it was Wednesday about the people of South Florida. There were no, no, over. In fact, if anything, there were some understatements on that. I wouldn't believe me. It's just, it's astonishing. It really is. When you become emancipated, you get out of South Florida. You're almost anywhere else. And you discover what, you know, living in breathing people are really like and living in breathing places. That's why I guess downtown. I mean, so I'm setting this so many folks now. Yeah. These are the same people who get lost at the purple, pure influence to the saw grass. Tell me, Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bye. That was good. W.Q.A.M. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I also, I also, I'm about downtown. This is my opinion. I know the downtown about 30 times a year because I'm on a piece of ticket all the way for my, I mean, now, it's funny because on the way to the arena, you got to skip over the homeless because there's so many of them. Yeah. The, the, the, the street is just littered with like people just laying around drinking red bull and just, it's just, it's, it's, that's the only, I don't know, and also you got very sight there, but that's the, that's a tourist trap for the kind of a full spashing there's, you know, and, and also, in closing the movie that the guy was thinking about we should on fan of an, he's a full, it's called 19 grants. Pretty decent movie. Okay. You should check it out. So good movie is kind of like a crash, but I'm not for a track. I'm in, in crash was not tragic but 19 grants is tragic. Okay. Okay. I'll see it based on it. I'd say goodbye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, still not finding anything. I mean, go to the, triple arena for a concert or a heat game. That, that's not something that's happening in downtown, right? It could be anywhere, man. But that's, the arena could be like in random's belt. It can be part of a, you don't go anywhere. It'll be like saying, you know, sunrise is really hopping because the macaroon is there in the panters play there and occasionally have a concert. It's, it's idiotic, you know. So I'm saying that, um, but where the, well, what, what was that place in Jersey? Where the metal lenses, what does it mean to that place? That's as somebody that's been a Jersey. I've been there. Metal lenses there, the track and the arena that are for arena for the devils would have no fans. But everybody likes to say, well, that's the happen in place because they are, that track is there, you know, because the arena is there that the devil's playing with nobody goes to. It, it's just silly, you know. WQAM. Hello. I should have gone to the office. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing my friend? This is your friend from the land of the fraud, or warrior. Okay. Hey, listen, I've been saying a long time that this town needed an animal. And I got to tell you, I'm a self-employed guy here. I work on construction. And they've been rounding up people over here, Neil. This is three can places of ghost town. Don't say anywhere is now. Don't go staring at any rumors about them, right? And up all of them illegal aliens now. I'm telling you, it's all over the news. It's on the paper. I can't hear you, yeah. Yeah, I see it on my phone. Oh, my phone. Yeah. I see it on the, Neil. Yeah. I see it on the judge site. It's a ghost town out here. There's nobody. Well, that's the case. That means that all the people are wearing illegal aliens. Well, the way he got hit, Dr. One guy. He said that they're trying to come out of the house. Can you believe this? I'm not having stuck in of it. Good. You know, I want to let you know that. That's just right. Make a street so a lot safer for all you other illegals. That's a good idea. 560, I mean, this whole thing is, you know, when you have no policy and you let everybody in their brother come pouring in and you talk about homo and security and all these other politically correct sounding BS all this crap. It's just lunacy. So there is no way to solve it. Because it had years and years of having no enforcement. So let's just round up. Let's round up everybody. We don't like this and be poor them. How's that? Okay. I might even come back for that. I'll pick and choose who we're deporting. I'll see you at deport. Starting with some of your Ojo for about two or a countrymen there. Some like Raul, Raul, Saul, and that whole crowd, you know. That's what he hears. No, he's not one of mine. I don't have any other way to go. I don't have any other way to go. 560, 5060, and even rise in a singular wireless. You fairytale. I think you're right. Okay, just relax. Calm down. What do we get him on? See, I don't have next week's schedule, but I have to weekends. They're not be posted out there. I have more guilty tomorrow. Oh, my God. We are guilty intensive. We got, oh, and then Sunday morning, we got Curtis and Len. I think you're right. Together. I'm Sunday morning. And followed by talking hardball with a crow, seriously. Remember I made the comment. I was just half joking couple weeks ago, but I'm going to say it again. I'm beginning to believe. I'm going to hire a private investigator. I'm beginning to believe that we've been infiltrated by people on the payroll across the street. You know what I'm saying? Okay. I don't think it's possible that anybody that the best interest of this radio station in heart would put together schedules like these and bombard the, our transmitter with these sounds. Non-stop. It's just over and over. It just can't pass it out. Nobody is that stupid. Either that or being programmed by a group of deaf people, which I'd like you to make, you know, how the deaf, they have the hand language to the side. I'd like you to give them a message for me. It only requires one finger right each hand. Okay. But we're in the same one. It's just it's beyond description. Guys, I like that movie last days and I think I think there's something appropriate about the title of that movie in regard to this whole deal too. I think we're in the final days. Come in as past noon, and no one is a Mississippi. They're in their final days. Republic baby, only in Miami. I like the football fishing inside the shower store. Since I did my goal switching and slacker off the wall. I did all the footballers, but you made me that pretty. But I pushed the school like tiny thin, but I made me. But it's just totally different. When they push out, what is still not a way? I like to go to shower and sweat and sweat and spray, if they take it up and shower, I like to go to shower. I do the trickle down the evening. The floor I stop to stroke. I am in the office of my wee wheels with a pair of new clubs now. The movie is on my floor. They say, be in so wet that's wet. The movie is a street full of pain. I saw the bottle on a joke that I just got. When they told shout for a shout, I'm afraid. I like the ballroom shower and sweat and sweat and sweat. I'm afraid. The movie is on my floor. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. The movie is on my floor. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. The movie is on my floor. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. The National version of the waste your hems are. Our anthem comes out today. And uses Lewis based closely on the language language. The record label urban boss orifice. The record labels are in his fan of radio station. We're going to be released in June. These kids have no parents because all of these mean laws. They can't help but they were born. We're in a bevels of hamford California rights to the immigration focused. Web magazine Vodari.com said the remixes especially have said her. It's very whiny to want to say all those things by all means put him on your post report. But don't put him on the National anthem she said. Don't be whiny. I'll forgive you, Galdia too. Kid Rott, US resident for 16 years maintains the changes are fitting. After all he knows American immigrants borrowed the melody of the star's fan. He said the song was to be featured on the album's Some more Americana which will sell for ten bucks with a dollar from The album go to the National Capital Immigration Coalition. Pit bull who's real name is Armando Perez. Said this country was built by immigrants and the meaning of American Vemies on that record struggle for freedom opportunity. Everything they tried to shut down as he said. I guess what immigrants not illegal aliens. Somebody draw you a picture and show you the difference. Pit bull my ass. Oh by the way Josh is going to pit bull. Yeah, he doesn't sing very well. I asked if he had a dog he said no he's going to pit bull. Oh my god we have located an Olympic doping scandal. Leaders that was set in September of 2002 was exposed from track and field History because of drug doping. Sprinter Marion Jones is his girlfriend and she has you know has been linked to The steroids scandals surrounding balco lab so this just into see an end that Olympic former Olympic old medalist Tim Montgomery has been arrested in Connection with a multi-million dollar drug bank fraud bank fraud and money laundering Excuse. All right. I can urge his Catholics to block off the Da Vinci code movie. He must be a lot of Tom Haynes. It's Friday you breasted. You know what you know the truth we buy. The victim set you pay your credit. You're put back to check this with your be the highest back and crawl back inside your Monkeys. And that's your dog. You're a dog of Rio does it's bad. I can't remember. I'm not going to put it right now. Just going to me and something in there it's okay. It raised a flag with me to the effect. Yeah, I have to listen to it again off the ear. 26 still too. And of course maybe Joyce will call and say, oh you better not you know, sure you Joyce okay. Talk to Joe talk to all your other underlings over there. Talk to Norma. Don't bother with me and speak to Norma. Here's part two of his facts is email. Ready? Ready. Second up you know because he's afraid now he's not going to get in. And let me just purpose this by saying that I'm being on see you or him. I was going to take care of sending him somebody to take care of your contract. Oh the good guy but I am. You're a good guy. That's sweet. No. I saw the pitiful amontics are going to increase your salary after all these years. And I thought to myself, well he sure can't afford to be taking part of that. And send you that to the silly ass. That's why I wasn't the first place because I didn't know. Because he let me go. Well, some money you thought. But he says, calm down. I'm not taking when you listen to this. I'm not taking a fee from George for that. I have a time. I'm doing it because when Neil got asked me to do something. I slapped the staff like Colonel Clink. How is Bob Cranany? Well he still did. Besides, I'm perfectly satisfied with he subsidizing my flampoy and flag lifestyle. Send more money at once. Fan Francisco was great this week. How many things though would it spend to be watching Asian giant skin? Well, I'm sure a lot of them if they could have gotten a locker room. Although what's his name? Don't pay for the giant anymore. Jackson, uh, snow. What tells his name? Jackson. Jackson. JT snow. I was in this jack. JT snow. Who's he playing for now? Um, I thought he does play for the giants. Not anymore. He doesn't. Pretty sure. Anyway, he's, he's a little, get a little long on the tooth. You don't look like you used to. Says I didn't even go to cast your street. I was at the normal convention. Frankly, I can't remember too much after getting my prescription for medical marijuana filled. And no, I'm not pissed off. It's the radio show just to show. I've always understood that. I'm available to do what if he need me to fill in for your field better. Now we know. They wouldn't want to see you to fill in. Yeah. A little at Josh said there we go. No, no, no, no. The norm is Joshua. The norm is Joshua. Now I think, uh, I don't think Josh wants to participate now. Yeah. Could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. I think there's a better chance that Josh and Zach will meet in downtown Miami at the time. By the way, he's a red sock, but he hasn't played it all this year. Who, JT? Yeah. Told you. Nobody was in the spring training. I seen him. That's how he knew he was down the dry and snowmote. Golden glove first, based with man, JT snow. He could be pretty good hit or two. He's all right. What does that mean? He and he, who's the first person for the marlins? Mike Jacobs. Now, JT snowing, no, Mike Jacobs. Well, that's like, you know, like saying, the norm can't eat no you when it comes to radio talk shows. That's a little bit. See, now you're picking on Norma. Yeah. He's going to send another guardian to say, you know, since he's listening. Hey, thank you Norm. Thank you for what? He wasn't going to do it for you. He was going to do it because I asked him to do it. He couldn't give a crap less about you. Or all his efforts. Oh, whatever. Oh, my god. I'm embarrassed by your behavior. You're such a, so easy. Well, that hard ass exterior that you like to portray. And you're a hard ass exterior man. The usual hard ass spick exterior. Don't know what you're talking about. You're a hard ass. Well, Marshmallow. No, you're not. The softty. When George tells you, man, that's the MS. When George's got an opinion, that's it. Don't ask any other opinions because yours is the final definitive one. Well, that's your own factory, by the way. That's true. Probably not a nice part on the diagram. Next part on straightery. Yeah, I don't think so. Not the sense of the merit this long. I think you forgot. I think you forgot about most of it. No, anyway, we're going to do over 1200 posts on the poll today. I'm as in co-heritist norma must have been out there. We've got his medical marijuana. And you shouldn't have said about your medical marijuana because you know, that's probably going to get rid of them somewhere too, Norma. Ha ha ha ha ha. Shouldn't have said that. Okay. Now, how are we doing on that downtown Miami stuff? Let's take a look at the poll result. Have you ever taken, um, crashing on the name of the drug? Probably. It's an antibiotic that just, absolutely. Eris Ramaisen. Have you ever taken that? No, no, different kinds of drugs. Oh, brother. No, I'm talking about for an antibiotic. Eris Ramaisen or the oxycylinity. That is so strong that first of all, it feels like there's been a force fire in your intestines and your tongue. It feels like somebody has scraped the taste buds from your tongue. Well, I took one of these leaven clinical hours ago. I like I told you. And as difficult as time is ever having speaking before, if you're like, then somebody has taken a surgical knife and scraped my tongue. And I'm sure that they could have found some interesting DNA on this tongue, but that's beside the point. By the way, can we thank Paul for the Uno Demiose survival cookie drop by, full of pets the important? Really? And cigarettes for some reason, which I don't want to understand, but thanks Paul. Well, we're talking about faggot. What's your take on downtown Miami? We have a lot of 194 votes. Yeah, I feel like I got a much more momentum. Yeah. It's hard to describe. Like, I don't know if you take strong antibiotics, they always do that. Dave County is a foreign country. Provided what people said that. And they are happy to be. I have no life. No. It's a good answer. And two, it sucks downtown. Don't go there. Two hundred eighty two. Unless you like homeless people. They go down there and they're ready to take it to in cup two ninety two. I'm sorry. It's making a great comeback. I'm in fifty nine. We didn't hear any load. They're there for a crap. There is no one person that we didn't even have any one of call. They could have fasted in. Told us all the great stuff. There's nothing. Great comeback. My ass. 150. I've never been there 57. It's become a tourist trap. Over price crap. 53. You're out of touch. No 49. And that's what you think. I hate this pull 38 and it's paradise. 25. So many 20. Thank you. Thank you. But out of almost 1200 votes. I think we got a whole new dimension to our audience now. Fifth dimension? No. The real status. The other enjoying our disc company and misery. It's our memory. You knew. Oh, no. But it would never was like this before. I may be before we knew what we had. But these people are just just infuriating. You know, when you got it, what you got a guy in charge who can't get off the pop without. See, he always has his cell phone in there. Because he asked the call. He always defined out which hand the wife would. You know. So unfortunately, in fact, maybe that's where he is now. Maybe he's still in there. Couldn't make that call the normal. But you get in touch with normal. And you two girls, you, you have things out. You know. I'm on involved. I was more than willing. I was going to send him an extra 1000 for taking care of your deal. And I still do what he's doing. If he just stops calling me and stops bugging me with crap, okay? You see, the one thing about life I've discovered is there are some people who aren't. They're not satisfied if you're if you're not complaining. They want to be around to complain for you. And so they conjure things up. Yeah, it's not, it's not a positive thing. Then what we do across over every morning. It's a technical disaster. It's embarrassing and humiliating. But I wasn't, I wasn't calling anybody else about it. I wasn't going to make any phone calls. We're used to it by now. It's it. If this, if the people at run this place don't care, why don't you care? Right? Right? Right? And otherwise, there is no such thing as a humiliation factor here because they just don't care. They don't give a crap. And you got three little boys running around. They're right on this. They're like, it's like it's a kid not a high school. Like it's a kindergarten radio station. And we're supposed to worry about technical incompetence and hangs out over there in Tulsa. And nobody can hear each other yesterday. I mean, why should we worry about that when you take a look at the fantastic programming we got going? What did that I did in the game? You got me so worked up. I knocked the damn DCS under the, uh, huh? Not the audition line. I did it on purpose. It's Neo Roger. This is my computer. I can see. I can see. Hey? What you supposed to do right? What you supposed to do So do What you supposed to do? Good morning. Good morning Brave Okay. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, no, go, go, Gee, go-wh thing that hit you, go, good, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, ohh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, before, oh, oh, oh, oh, so, oh, oh what a girl, oh oh, oh she, oh, we you., she you I He killed better. He had my cut. We all do. Eddie Tonic. We got guilty coming up until a clock that will really. The floor will be poppin' tells like crazy mad dog at who there's in the pines at four. Marlins on deck at seven. It's like Marlins host the Colorado Rockies 735 at the stadium. Any interest. And then he came to the baseball game. Now Sean who sends us these polls, which I appreciate his poll ideas. But he prefaces the polls to get in the by saying I only caught a show for a few minutes at lunch time today. You sounded a bit listless. Yes, you had no list. You asked something. Eddie, I'd say you have never, I was Sean. I think you were. Yeah. Well he came in late. He didn't hear the explanation. I hope he didn't come down with something. If so, I hope you're still at the bottom. I have been fighting the flu all week long. Whatever this is. I mean, I'm probably two or three days I should have called in sick. But I show up being the trooper that I am and Sean says he sounded a little bit listless. Well, I guess what, Sean. Screw you. I'll take your ass. Thanks for the poll idea. I'm idiot. Probably ought to take a few calls here toward him. We got so signed track with you, damn contract. You know, I'm a Kent and all this other internal and they're infuriating stuff. Now, we need somebody in there who's going to just, you know, we just take the tiger by the tail and say, look, if you want me to do this, just cut the crap and I'm going to do it my way, you know. Like price and after. Exactly. Like that's Tom Greg played there. It is a farewell because he didn't have the ball to say, I can. So instead, I did it my way plays a stupid song. You know, typical, egotistical thing you respect into. Go away, Greg. Okay. Quick track and up the mess you made and I'll up and down the hallway. See, that would be the worst thing. Go ahead and remember I said about going to your neighbor's house, messing up all over the house. Worst than that would be like stepping in it and then tracking it all the way through the rest of the house. That would be worse. And that's what he's doing now. He's tracking it. W2AM, hello. Glenn Turner, that's the guy. He used to be great. There would be great. Go with the hero love. A who am? You're a great. What is it? My favorite call. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing, man? Okay. I got a question about your little call. You know, when you put that out there, you've got so much influence. You put out the choices. You kind of lean towards one and everybody votes for it. Right. What are you talking about, I'll lean on you. That's what I was doing. 152 people say that on how's it made it a great comeback. I did lean toward that one. In general, okay. My question is, how come you don't have that kind of influence on management over there? Think I got to get this station squared away, man. The reception is horrible. Yeah. I haven't been to the hospital. They're talking over you. That guy got here. Cuban voices. Speaking of what that that's been going on for two years, they just they're oblivious, you know. I don't understand what you can't tell it at saying it for us, man. Come on. They won't listen to me. Don't you understand, sir. They will not listen to me. Whatever I say, they do the opposites. I got through the Henry tunnel. I get you. Right. Great. North to charge. Can I just tell you one thing? He's a girl. No, I love he listen to anyone. The checks show up a day early now because I've with them in the shape on that and they clear the bank. That's all I care about. I'd like to care about more than that, but when you work for these people, they make it very clear that if you care about more than that, you're a trouble maker. You're stirring it up, you know. Put stirring it up as you're always used to say. Stir it up. And then they just they don't aspire to do anything professionally or to be day out to correct these problems. I technically were disaster, we're an embarrassment. And if you let it get to you, you're going to mind if you're sick. Oh, maybe that's what it is. Maybe I have to learn her disease because they will drag you down to another loader, how can about that show. Those people who are here who have spent many years here and the way that they are trying to be real players and real players in the table need to get on the ball and start learning English and speaking the English language, especially the pledge of allegiance and seeing the national anthem. I think that it debates too serious to take it lightly. And you think in part it really is splintering what is at your feet. Yeah. It's more than just at a great level. It's an issue of respect to your self-read in public. Yeah, all you wet facts out there, speaking in place, okay, cut the crap. Start spanned. First of all, it's a crappy song to begin with. Right now, would anybody want to, you know, in any language, sing that crap, right? Right? I would sing something more like this. Won't you do all that? Oh! It's big and spans me son. Huh! Had five six so. Double. You.여TA. Poor whole idiot five six, and w two A MAT and Prison 2 broad cast sign about over forgotten and Winning! Nobody's selling. Okay. But I call calls. Your skills Good thing I'm digging for I should get out of this Well, the cordon is a pretty money No, we can see it again Look, we want to Oh, we'll be all in the evening Okay Wow, you want to dig in strife Yeah, I'm bigger than you I want to I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you I don't know me I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you I want to see you Matter of fact, right when the show ends George is going to storm down the hall And pound on Joe Bell's door Storm rhymes with north There you go And he's going to He's got the power of norma behind him Or I'm going to take all this Poir is going to be behind you And he's going to say the joke I'll take your way That's right Don't forget it's the big QM NFL's that part You know what I'm with the mad dog And Joe's a gacky And the big Oh, he rocks all at the Hooters in pepper pines tomorrow Starting at 10 in the AM Join us at Hooters in Pepper pines for the big QM NFL Draft party You have to be Dath to miss the Draft Starting at 10 a.m. presented by Heineken Bye bye