Alright, I've got some stuff for you, Neil. Do you have guns and stuff? Uh-huh, some stuff. Some of the good stuff? Good stuff. Okay. Ederson Park Arena. Yeah. Do you remember that? I sure never heard of it. You never heard of the Ederson Park Arena. I forgot to mention it. No. You weren't in Rochester, we were at Lester Harrison. Oh, Lester Harrison. Oh, I thought you were talking about Detroit. No, I'm talking about Rochester. Yeah, I saw games at, you know, Lester Harrison was the world's coach and Red R-Bock was the Solis coach. Yeah. Just scream and hollering carry on. Bobby Wanzer, Bob Davies, Arnie Ryzen, now we're talking. Great. Well, the Dick Stockton wanted me to pass that along to you that he was there in those days. You know, Ben. Oh, he was my years old. He had the same band here piece. He doesn't have a hair piece. Oh, looks like you. He had some surgery. Yeah. But anyway, what do you guys do? He bought him me. Hey, listen to you. Right. Now, Eddie does. He still sucks. Is he there? He did right. Yeah. Probably a good guy. What he sucks on here. Well, he bought it pretty stuff. You that, uh, very still. I don't care how much he kisses my S. He sucks. He wanted me to bring these things in your hair. Pull him on. What are called it? You know, something that one and the Dave and Borg's call of the Marlins winning the series. They'll have to be two of the most pathetic critical calls. World series or playoff ending calls in the previous course. Anyway, what? That's it. Yeah, some other stuff, too. We'll talk about that. Yeah. Like one never mind. Please. Come on. Let's go. Don't hold back. I'm not going to say, you want to go to the computer. Because I don't want to see. I'm not like Larry King. In other words, this guy's somebody kisses my S. I'm not going to kiss you kissy back. Especially when they look like they've stopped. And you know what I'm saying? Well, he just happens to enjoy you. That's good. So this is great mouse for release. Brace got a sense of humor. One may be dickas too. Yeah. He does. He does. Oh, good. They doesn't mind the fact that I rip my name. He knows you rip him. I'm just kidding. Not. He's not. He never stole a free turn. You know, there are some people you rip who get it. Yeah. What does that mean? I'm hoping he doesn't get it. They, you know, they were like there are some people who you. You know, rip me like a text. I see he, you chatted him off. He says, and they hear a new chatted him off. I, and he's really yesterday. Yeah. I hope they make, make, make truck. I got it. I got it. This is, I have a copy of this email. Where, where, where do you listen to me? Yeah. I have a copy of an email in my hand right now. That's going to answer a lot of questions. Yeah. Even though our station of, you know, much of losses. But that's, that's their problem. I've washed my hands of you. And I did my best. This is an email from Alan Brown. You know who that is? Yeah, I do. The Vice President of Communications for his part, Sports Talk 7. What are the great qualities in the world? Well, I, as a matter of fact, if you like to email him, tell him what a phony he is and about how we're on his phony up. Full there, you can email him a brown at 790 the ticket dot com. All one word, a brown at 790 the ticket dot com. Here is his email. Wait, tiggy, hear all the people that's written to you from a man to Lipman Howard Davis, not Howard David. John Stugas, we are Scott Betscher. Is it? Becker Betscher. Backstee Grantsik. Genopolito Brian Fierreberg, Michael Smith, Jim Favola, John Travolta, Theresa Griffin, Terry Griffin, Victor Aguerea, Chrisine Aguelera, Alison Turner, Jason Salotkin, Zach Krantz, Jonathan Zazlo, Brandon Guzio, Richard E. Gagey Mark Hockman, Hawkman, Isch, Shane Chinick, Richard O'Badwaya. I hope the Beast understands it when you get a spin on that that the computer or you or you know, you know this, don't you? Yeah. When you get to spin the computer or we decide to what you're going to get, it's just a dog and pony show you. You do know that. No, it's all luck. No, no, that's absolutely untrue. It's all luck. My finger decides it all. Okay, whatever you say. You got to lucky fingers because I know where you're stored. Backstum. Richard E. Kurt Murphy, Kevin Rogers, Lindsey Dean, Lindsey Nelson, Dizzy Dean, Shane James Jackson. It's everybody who worked in that lore. Listen to me, Natalie Blind, Adrian based, Jeremy Peltz, Lindsey Dean again, Phil Shane, Mark Eisenberg, by Mayor Busley Shane and every, and like 8,000 names on here and here's what it says. Greg Cody is doing a web pool on radio, Worse in South Florida. He's looking for your favorite least favorite host. Please vote and let's crush the QAM. Here's the link. And there's the link. Blogs.Herald.com, above. And it's signed Alan T Brown, Vice President of Communication Sports Thought 790, the ticket with his phone number and his a Brown at the 790, the ticket.com. It's the top of this instance. I came upon this email photo of my new news sign to friend. So maybe somebody on the inside over there walked across the street or who knows, you know, or tipped off somebody inside and they made a copy of it. So obviously they were like Daisy Chaining, Susan and so, Susan is about 100 names on here, at least 30 or 40 anyway. And if each of them said about to like, you know, you see what I'm saying is Daisy Chaining. He's a liar and a fake. So it's obvious that Alan Brown, they felt that this was extremely important. So maybe it's a good thing that our people didn't get involved, because they're being messed up a couple hundred votes. Let them take some comfort and ask, you know, because they said the whole thing is so, the whole thing's a fraud. Yeah, but just guys are fraud. People wouldn't have watched that, man. We got such a bunch of, I don't know. I just, I like I said, I give up. I just throw in the towel. I do my thing tend to tune at you. I talk to you in the morning, which is fine. That's it. Two o'clock. It's like, remember the song by Roger Williams and Jane Morgan, a hundred years ago on Capricot's called Two Different Worlds. Remember that song? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. We got two different worlds on this station. There's me and you guys. Well, I was Alan Brown's a guy who sent out a press release to the writers. Nice job, Brownie. When the president of the Marlins was on, they were after noon show. You know, he asked if it was true that I had a, that they had a higher rating, and I did, and they said, yes. And then he said that nobody ever listens to me. You're sort of like that. Really? Yeah. And so Alan Brown sent out the release. Well, nobody printed it because everybody knew it was BS. You know, Alan Brown is just a scum. How can you lie about the ratings? And that's back in the day when you were a guy who's a liar in a phone. You lie in a phone, Alan. And he said, Chief, shout artists in your website. And you're a email address is a Brown. It's seven ninety the ticket. I kind of want one clip. I wouldn't miss it. Yeah. And he's an email there with, you know, complaints about we know that. I know that. I know people in my head are a consultant. Yeah. Oh, it's been a while. Can I tell you a funny story? Remember Walter's Sabo? Yeah. A real A-hole. He was a passion consultant, Friday, for a while. In fact, he hired Karen K, who is his a lady friend. And the first night on the air, she was bragging about the fact that she was a bang in the a consultant. But anyway. And that's a true story. Yeah. So any how, Walter Sabo, who's a backstabber and a real A-hole, he coesies up to the town. Many goes back to the management, you know, like rats us all out and the stabs us in the back. He kills rearwings. He calls him to have a heart attack. Because he screwed him over at WRK one Boston. But anyway. So Walter Sabo calls Norma Kintke a few days ago. Happens to know the guy to own CFRB in Toronto. Well CFRB, which is 1010 on the dial same as I and S. and the year, CFRB 50,000 lots of very prestigious station here for years and years. And now it's the talk station. And the owner who just, you know, he owns this is one station. He's a huge fan of mine. He's got a place down there and where the hell they say somewhere down there in South Florida. Winter home. And he would love to have me on the air sometime on CFRB for fun. No, it's not to pay me. But just to come on just for fun. Isn't that great? Yeah. Yeah. Now let me just take it this because we already have CFC and Joyce. We got both of them around our neck. But the sentence you're excited. The FCC we know how aggressive they are. The CTRC, which is the equivalent candidate of the FCC, they make the FCC look like George Carlin. Okay. That's how re-uptight and repressive they are. Even though CBC will very often use the F-word or SH-word in their news. This is like a new story or what a no problem or a movie. But as far as talk show as man, if I said crap the first time that would come in and bodily drag me out of the studio. So the idea that I'd be on here here is the chances are, and especially for fun. Yeah. We all really are spotty. I'm not doing it for fun. Just give me the money please. No, it's not fun. Especially when you're working for this outfit. But Clarice, you know, Carlin is getting a lot of bottom here. They in fact before he goes off he's going to get himself a nice blueberry animal. He's doing that right now. I could do it with those. Clean out his brains. Yeah. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you right now. Who are you? How did they get you? I was just standing in front of him. Hey, Dick, how are you doing? Maybe he's going to get you a- How's that how chicken he's married to? He's married to? He's a little bit nicer. Lessley, viscer, there you go. Lessley, viscer, right? I was going to. Well, thank you. That's nice. For 52 years old, that's a compliment. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. You can't out of here. Oh my god, you're all enough to me. My grand par. Man, I got to tell the old. A year ago, I'm walking along my complex. I walk. You sound like a Jewish, you know? Well, yeah. Go ahead. Okay. So Neil, I'm walking along. I know I was on the radio up Friday, which you knew. He had a couple of comments about me. And all these cars are stopping as I'm walking in there saying, So here would Neil just said about you. Really? I said of what's the need to it. And then another car. Neil just ripped you when you walked by. So while you were walking along, as long as they keep talking about your man. You know, that's the thing that's a little bit of a mess. I've been telling you, hi, guys. You know, I'm down and bulk. Listen to you guys. Well, I was asking. When you were in bulk, did you have to go with him? No, no, no, no, no, no. Come on. Come on. You don't have to hold back. He's on here anymore. You have to hold back. I have to hold back. I have to hold back. I have to hold back. I have to hold back. I have to hold back. Yeah. And then you swap here. He's there. I'm wearing hair. I don't wear hair. You know what? You're not allowed to attack you. You know, you're talking to the guy who embarrassed him. I know. And he's trained him out of that dead musk, right? I didn't let him do a lab. You know it's a truth. You know it's a truth. We love it. We love it. Lossies, as you listen to when you have the oil and you listen to it, we have a great time. So I really appreciate it. Thanks to walk. Well, congratulations on the good night's young wife. Well, that's a good news. You've done a great job. I'm like, yes. Especially for a guy as bland as you are, man. I have a hot wife. Oh, I know. I know. We want to tell him. You must have something with a little bit. I'll tell you that. Well, you don't want people talking to watch on TV. Great. That's for sure. Okay. Listen, uh, whatever your name is, a dick. I have a great life. Yeah, great. I am. I am possible. You're a big con of Super Bowl. It's called the Super Bowl. Who's calling it? Yeah. Well, uh, how Mike is on Madden, they can see. I'm a man they're doing it. Yeah. The dick is doing the uh, international broadcast. Oh, in other words, in a foreign language. We do we speak in tongues. Yeah. That's what I've got. I've got a little bit of bilingual deal. We speak out of both sides. Yeah. That's what I heard by is the opportunity for both of us. Yeah. Yeah. How do you're golfing buddy there? Okay. I know. Thank you. You have to get the tattoo right now. Yeah. That's maybe. See you, Pally. Okay. You know, special man. It was good. Put me in the age of like this. Yeah. Anyway, Alan Brown, but then again, heck of a brawl browning. That's, that's why you got a pack to that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I better not. I wouldn't mind that. No, go ahead. Yeah. A friend of mine hired him as a consultant and he promised them all kinds of things. He was going to do for him and he got paid and apparently none of the things materialized. So well, he sure whipped up about that. He's not having a blind date. He's all a full minute to mouth and he's got them a couple hundred votes ahead. And they're like circulating this email and they got the Daisy chain going. Probably outstanding of each one of these people under with a whip, making him like a hop under computers. Well, that's what I stole Cody. I said, yeah, I just walked up to I didn't know you think it's odd that like 900 votes came in and two hours for one station. And he said he's trying to tell me that that it's, the system is full proof again. Yeah, right. Oh, give me a break. Yeah. You can vote on there like every two minutes of you. Who that was. Artisan. And additional, which in, and he looks at you with a straight face, even though he's on their payroll a bit there. And then when his buddy will pass through this, the scene sports fairery every afternoon, was he kidding? Who was he kidding? Jesus Christ, Cody, you're out of get him in there. Then they're going to call for us. I'm going to get him in there tomorrow morning. I'll put him on the ear. I'll see if I can find him. But kiss your man. I talk about this. He is the epitome of what the hero's all about. Bush League isn't even the word for it. I wouldn't wipe my ass with a hero. Especially with his page. Especially with his face on it. Oh, no, in fact, now that I think of it, I take that back. You would. Yeah, I would. It definitely would. Well, you have a nice day. I absolutely will. In fact, I'm going to go get some of that. What's that? Senacot. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I guess that. I get that. The pages got Greg Cody's picture on it. I'm going to do a real number on it. Maybe he'll, maybe when you see him next time, he'll have a stranger Roma about it. Although he probably already does. Well, I would like to talk to this doctor. This morning, sure. He's always no Alan Brown. Yeah, that's for sure. But I really got you going. Just to mention that. Yes. I'm going to read this email. In fact, I got to read it. You want to read it again. A Brown at 790TheTicket.com. You want to have beast email in your regards from Detroit from the Super Bowl. Yeah. Type an S in speak. You know what? And have a couple of heroes on the way to nice, nice long journey through midtown. Yeah. That's a good idea. And beast can take a walk and on 12th street late at night. Yeah. I'll give you all the right neighborhoods, man. Have a good day. I know my Detroit. I will talk to you tomorrow. I will talk to you tomorrow. I'll get off to a Northville down tonight where you've been there once before. It's not too late to go again. Okay. Red. Red. Just remember. Red, Cramer, every race. Crunch. You're welcome. You're welcome. All right. Hi. This is Red. Hi. I like to both these shoes inside the shower store. Six times. And I go sweet shit with. And snack there off the wall. I'll make you the normal. I do hate it that day. But I must be small by penny's hand. On the way. Why do you want to go away? When they throw shower, scum, flat way. I like to go to shower. I like to sweat, sweat, sweat, and spray. Take it to go to shower. I like to go to shower. I like to go to shower. Why do you want to go to shower? I like to put my light in the toilet plenty of paint on the road like this. But I think thislie is very cute. I like to take photos of where they go for theVotein room. If you didn't hear this, you could stay home. Right here. Right here. Right here. Oh, you. That's just enough to make me cry, you know? Yeah. Well, he did a fine job as usual. Checking that. That's great. Got a little carried away in one of the other ones, but that's beside the point. Oh, if you mention that to Clare, it said he's got no clue. But I guess he already knows that. Oh, I'll have him do it over. See, it's one thing. What? Oh, yeah, the ugly, a two one. I want. Because he says small, can't say that no more. Or less. Oh, there's John Bolton with that. I'm not sure it's must-as. Take a few could that. Oh, you got it. You know, it's how more and more these are new guys. They got the mustache. Yeah. And if he could put a little like a shoe polish on it, that Reagan left over. He can look this like Hitler. Oh, yeah. Anyway, Alan Brown writes, I'll get to that in a minute. I'm going to read that. How many times did I have to do it? It is so amusing. What is his email again? A Brown at 790TheTicket.com. I don't want to just let him know that we're on to him. And it is Daisy Chain and how desperate. Oh, yeah. Let's get the army. We had, we're trying to have some fun with it. And just bury them, which would have been appropriate. And arrest of the station. Yeah. Yeah. We got important things to talk about like, Jack. And I saw the hell with it. I, you know, I gave him an 800 vote lead. They just dropped it right in the reddit. They said, right, vote camp where set his fat ass right down on the ground and refuse to move. And as that's fine, you know, it's hard to move when you're that big. If I talk about personality transplant. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560A. Neil got it. The bottom is an apology. From the headquarters of this reading, the prison. 660A. Yes, it's been brought to our attention from outside sources. Since we never listened to radio anyway. That the only lucrative show we have on the air, the new Rogers show, I believe it is, has been played in parts again. Now, this flies in the face of God and the FCC. Oh, they're not really the FCC. But we know so little of broadcasting. We don't want to take any chances. Subsequently, this validates our fear of indicating you'll show on our other stations. Not that it ever would have occurred to us in the first place. We are much too busy convincing ourselves that we know what we're doing. After all, we are based in prestigious Ford Myers, a town that Oscar named after his we need. Suffice it to say if you want to feel important, when office space above a seashell score in Fort Myers, and get more cousin policy than that. Or not to mention, as a Florida based business, we benefit by not having to pay our bill or employees. So, I still like good joy. Thank you. Thank you. I love the dog. Oh, man. I think somebody just got joy. Oh, anyway, 22. But 10 over there, there's a crazy angry Yeats has been released. She's walking out. She's got a little brown sack that she burred from Barry Jackass. And she's Wilson right out there. Honey, like that. What's that all about? Let's go to the funny fun. Will we get there properly? Will we tell where she's going? Or are you joking? No, no, that's she's going too. Oh, thank goodness. Because it says Yeats released. So I thought maybe like out of the real world. No, she's being committed. I see. Well, here's somebody who probably ought to be on line nine. Q.A.M. Hello. A.Neal. Yes, sir. What's going on with your signal? Ben. It's like fading in and out. You know, so what else do you want to do? Where are you? Like in Jacksonville? No, I'm in the for effect. I'm straight at the Fort London International. Uh, for far away. Too far away. But coming. Hey, listen. We got to conserve man. That's a new beastly deal. That's a new strategy. That's why we're eliminating 400 jobs. We've got 100 people working there. We're eliminating 400 jobs. I will say we're off the air for a second. There in the beginning. Yeah. So I might be with you guys talking about maybe what we came back on. We're like using that backup transmitter to one of the guy climbed up on. I'll be behind the hero. That's that. I find out that's the backup tower. That's a transmitter. What's the backup tower? Did you know that? Yeah. Maybe the guys back up on it. Anyway, I changed my mind. I think it's only 200. And I just looked at that thing because, uh, Hank, uh, and between the Ellen Brown thing, and just crossed my ass as email. Only 280 votes behind. I don't care about the individuals because those guys don't care enough about it to plug for themselves. So why should I care? But the thing where it says, which is the big two-state new prefer for sports radio. Uh, and of course Greg insists Greg Coatex that he got those, uh, safety valves in there so you can't vote twice. But wouldn't it be something you'll only, 1893 people of Otopree, QM just I'll try to vote again when I'd like right now. I'm doing it. I mean, I know it couldn't possibly work, but nevertheless. So on the Miami Hill website of front page, okay, you go about two-thirds of the way down on the right hand side. So there it says, it says, Greg Coatex, uh, random evidence blog. And then you go all the way to the bottom of the thing, which is the big two-station new prefer for sports radio, and you vote for QM or for, uh, hey, you know, we could do a test. I'm bigger part. We could do a test. You could view it while I vote and see if it changes. No, okay. Because that, but how might I know if it's you? Well, it'll be something. That's your, that's a good point. Because if you're the only one I can get to vote again, I'm not, that doesn't say much about the power of the whole guy. The total is 2178 for 790, the ticket. And 1893 for QM. All right, I just voted for Hank. No, I'm not talking about that. I don't care. That's fine. I'm happy about that. I'm not looking at that. Which of the big two-station new prefer for sports radio? We don't have time to prosecute your mom with those individual, who do you hate, who do you, the best, the worst, the most mediocre, the most fondest, the fastest. No, we're looking at, you know, what does you prefer? I just said on QM. Yeah, I am. What does it say? What's the total now? 1899 to 2198. Well, that's not good. I mean, we just got six, they got 20. That means that Eisenberg and Lorber and Kevin Rogers and Kurt Murphy and Mark Hockman and Richard E.G. and Zach Cranson, Jonathan Zazlo and Brian Fierberg and Stugos Wiener and his daddy and mommy and the dog and Scott Petsch. They're all vote like a hand-over-releam press. This is good. But let's have it all out battle tonight. Let's just kick their disgusting ass. Why? I think you can vote multiple times. I'm clicking multi-hand. I am telling you, you can vote as often as you want. Listen, you believe Greg Co. takes it to Harold. He's a easy idea, but he wouldn't know the internet's malgores ass. Who you kidding? Somebody QM internet central, hello. Here's my deal. This panel hasn't until 1020. I thought about one of you show you've been on and off the air. Thanks for the bad news. How do you like that? See, we're trying to like, this is great. This is great. This terrorist has been in there to say you guys have been off the year a whole bunch. Miguel told me, yeah. What about our program director? What about junior program director? What tells he do? He says he's getting a blueberry animal today. And we can't get to two. I could really use a blueberry animal today. Yeah. Not from what I'm hearing. No, to not be sure about anything in the middle. Nobody can copy of the day. Nobody brought a lighter. Don't cut down on the azu car, baby. Like I see that quiz with say, azu car, I just cut it down. And cut her down too. I've got a pretty fancy lighter. Like an oak tree. Careful. So, and that's it. If we're not on the year, I'm not going to sit and spend a lot of energy. Then wonder how come I can't get any response. This is so, typically, a two way in man. No, we're straightened out now though. And you're straighting out. I'm gonna download, don't let go of here. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, new. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're signal has been cut in an house and you started to show even like they're in a commercial. Right. Hey, can I give you a website to check out? What is it? I'm going to get a worm from or something? No, no, no. It's a worm now. They got a new worm making the rounds. It's 911truth.org. Well, yeah, somebody already gave that to me. Let me write it down because I keep, I write these down and I lose whatever I wrote it on. I've got some bad news for you for Michigan. Yeah. Ted Nougand running for governor. Well, good luck to all of us. Okay. Thank God. I'm not in Kalamazoon or more in San Fiel. Okay. See you in a salani pal. So Alan Brown writes. Yeah. Oh, God. I love it. So in other words, we haven't been on the air. We're still getting in a few votes on here. Everybody's better vote again. I'm at, uh, which station? All we're at that 1921 already. Yeah. I voted like 10 times already. Yeah, but they saw her there. People. This is good man. It's like Ricky Martin would love this. It's like a pain contest. He'd probably love to get right in the middle in between the two stations. 1027 a 2 AM. This is the real Rogers. This is 5162. If you're a matted big star who's known for crashing cars and snorting stuff up a year. No, y'all. You got a needing disk order and you're punched a reef porter and there's a picture of a reef with no clothes, looks. Well, you want to find a cap. Saying your last movie clocked in, why did you tell her your hair? Before the popper, I just didn't use got to get your picture on the cover of the vanities there. Vanities, they gonna get your picture on the cover. They're waving on your stage, mother. You'll pay. Go to the beach. Some damage control on the cover of the vanities. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. You're going to pay. I don't believe it. Look at that girl. She's a movie named beauty who's appeared in movies and you see her in a picture show. Yeah, I saw ghosts. Who's his or her? He's a little baby that she brings to this studio. She makes all talent don't have all talent calls. The clothes she does on the way. The clothes that are painted on the girls. They give on the cover of the vanities there. Vanities, they gonna get your picture on the cover of the vanities. They're going to show the parade. And on the cover of the vanities. I'm going to tell the red. Very very good thing. So I'm going to tell the girl. Take a ride. I'm going to tell the great presentation course in tight session because she's gone out all the way. I'm going to tell the body by sure who he is. And the evening, the trip, the city, the city, the things, the staff, the family, the girls, the way them can actually look at so damn odd name or something. And she makes the sun and the sun to get the sun. And the color of the vanities. Welcome. Vanities. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. All the colors of the vanities. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. I'm going to tell the red. It's a beautiful smile and shape and pregnant this time. Who would have ever dreamed back when that first came out when we played that about 85 years ago that you would be doing an Ask and Kouchi Kou, now. That would really give it a thought, though. Anyway, so we just got an email from one of our insiders over there across the street. And the reason we're not. We're only getting three net votes. If we don't have both totals or zooming up there. Yeah. Because Alan Brown has got everybody even a janitor across the street. And they're all sitting in their PCs and other people's PCs and their PCs. And it like tap it out every time we get one, you get like two. And then they get two and we get three. And then they're banging up up up over and over again. Because this is obviously extraordinarily important to them. I never realized that. So I don't want to pee on their parade, but nevertheless let's do it anyway. That's your assignment. Today folks, it'll keep you off the street. It doesn't make quite a lot of effort on your part. And our poll is kind of like crappy anyway. I'm not crazy about our poll. Thanks anyway, Sean. I see I don't understand. He puts and rounds your me on there, which has got a bunch of votes. About who has the least self respect? Yeah. It would seem to me it's just the opposite. He might think, well, we know he thinks he's hot stuff. And of course he's a grotesque and gigantic and hairy and nauseating. Of course the fact he's lucky to be double-jointed, that's just a free nature. It might be a lack of self respect for somebody good looking to do something like that. But in his case, it's, you know, he's, that's great work. Yeah. What an ego. A massive, a pup again, a massive ego and a massive well. 1957, we got a megad 220, 223, that's what they got. He's looking at, and he is a, I'm not going to give you a facts that says that it doesn't count, but it looks to have be having an effect. Well, somebody quits it down. We just got a pup. He'll go in, just went to 58. Right. Look at it again. Look at it again. Wait. All right, click it again. 59. Oh my god. All right, brother over there. He's got to be doing like, what can Brown do for you? You know what I'm saying? You got to be changing his underwear, be two minutes. Is it, as if you know what I'm saying? What he said? What I'm saying is that maybe Eddie will, since Eddie was the only, I stopped, yesterday, during the show, I stopped looking at that, that comment, well, I mean, it's giving me a break. The same three misfits, the same nickel midsets that are on every chat room, every comment line, every, oh, brother. Wow. But maybe Eddie might want to email Alan Brown, Tom, but a great job he's doing over cross-to-street. Yeah. Yeah. Babu, Babu. Swam can get a really good idea of our intellectual. Let's see. Here's what I said. You cannot vote twice on the Cody Poll. If you know this half of you vote in the box of the results, on the bottom, where it says, how many people vote in the poll also says, who you voted for in a what time? I do see that. If you want to vote twice, you have to clear your cookies. In internet sport, just press tools and internet options, then they leave cookies and you start over again. By the way, it says, I'm listening online, so I can hear your fine. Well, thank God for that. We had a lot of people in town, was not like we were single blows. And of course, they're single over there. Oh, even when I was going to end WS, you know what's on S790? You think we got a few when interference, but I'll cranked up by some 80 million, no, what signal on the 790? Right there. And so at night, I mean, you could be sitting under the tower. It's like the light bulb in Fort Lauderdale. You can be sitting under the transmitter. And you still can't hear the damn thing. Call it a signal. How could I job Allen? Brownie? 1959, 2014. You can just keep refreshing that man. That's a good part of it. Don't you like that? Yeah. I'm fresh from Ohio. 1967 at 33, 277, we picked up eight votes. Oh, Nick. Because Allen is like standing over there, shoulders, especially he's two gods. You know, if you're going to get all that, he's money's two. John, we know man. Then you better like keep tapping that baby out. Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Farabit, Because you know, there's sure it's all not getting in from what they got on the right now. That's for damn sure. WDQAM, hello. New God. Yes sir, speaking happy Thursday, sir. Happy Thursday to you. Hey, the big E just played about the beans, listen. Yeah. Beats money is bang out for it, and sometimes I'm almost there. I'm just about what my pants are. Yeah. That was terrific. Yeah. Keep it up and have an awesome day, young man. Back to you, pal. Yeah, things are looking up now. Okay, the boss is away. He's getting doctor to something. Then we got the clearance in again, this blueberry animal. And then Alan Brown, he's going to like a lobotomy or something. Boy, you call him or consultant like that thing says. Hey, that's a good poll. Who's the better consultant? Water Sabo. Alan Brown or Greg Reed. Oh, yeah. Wow. By the way, chicken neck says that he did not say that word. Oh, he didn't say it. I haven't heard it. So I was going to listen to it. Okay. Well, let's listen to it then. I was positive he said penis. I mean, we didn't say that, but just like, I still don't know what. I'm sorry. Why? I was saying it. I also bought plenty of the TV just though. Oh. I don't understand. What's the problem with that? There isn't one to kept that joys made it up. No, no, no. No, a joys didn't make it up. It just had a couple of weak needle level management people said, oh, a cheap joys can say, hey, hey, hey, no matter what they ask. No. That's all. She's not on re-annoy instead. Yeah. That's what she just plays to recording. Buffalo Bill going. Yeah. That's all. Can we say it? There is that you bastard. Yeah. Friday is an exception. We can say it's Friday you bastard. That's the one day we should let us say that. Why does that say that she goes for her poison, very animal? Okay. Let's listen to it. I'll see what you think. I can't eat that over here. Fuck around there. I'm a dead man. He's you. I'm a bear. I go. I go. I go away. I go to the door. Hey, hey, hey, hey. That was me. How the fuck did you get this? That was the first time I got this. See how you doing there and fuck them all? It's in the father's daughter's seat. You told them to get time slots. No, I'm going to change the face of western conscious for whole radio. Start noise and interview with a generic spongebob. Then yeah. That don't like the fire under the air sense of pain. I don't matter who this is because now I'll sound alike. I'm going to find a light. Roll it down. Two of us are saved. I'm just excited to introduce you with me. Oh, make a hundred percent effort to perform well. Say yes. Archimals, you sports guys are like that. So happy with him. Stupid. Well, we have to go to college. But never really attend classes. Just like, not too smart, is the situation we have. You're doing great when about male athletes and whysitting and jackscats is a little little. I have a day. And just a little on the jury aside. Maybe stretch it out at the scene if you type. But some is what it is. We like women. We are programmed to do so. You're a disdainer. I'm excited one show. You're whether he and he went talk about girls. It is a little weird. He's very small things. He's very small things. You say you're not a sport. He's a sport. I'll be dead. He didn't come close to seeing you. How come you told me he did? You know, I'm a jerk. I know. Remember that song by Glam Campbell, Jens, I'm on my mind. That's right. So we know what was on your mind. Okay. Listen. You know, it's much important to think about this memo. Oh, Jesus. The Humphre would have like, he may be not him so much. Because he was an involvement because he's out of town out of touch. The memo from Alan Brown to everybody across the street to get all feverish about his stupid ass blog with Greg Co. text in the paper was sent Tuesday afternoon at 123 after we spent three hours plus. And I mean, not the whole time we talked about a lot of other things in our own polls. We keep our own polls or ourselves. And whatever else I did, those boring bedtime stories. But we had a show. And we had a good show on Tuesday. And in the midst, we got people whipped up and they hopped on that thing there. So 123, he puts his sends this thing up. So you can just imagine why I have to do a clock when all these people started their Daisy chain, plus whatever they were doing on here. And even if they weren't doing anything on here, I everybody. And they were going through the white pages of the phone directory. Look at this thing. 123 on Tuesday. And all of a sudden, but I beat. But above, let's vote for your favorite and crush the Q.I.M. Here's the link says Alan T. Brown, Vice President of Communications in Hanks is a real A-hole, major A-hole. He hates him like poison. That is bad. His number, by the way, is 954 989 3335. Want to call him and bitch him out. That a good idea. Well, some other people want to do that. Yeah. What? I ain't going to call him. No, I don't mean you. I'm talking to the audience. You think I just do the whole show for you? Only about 40%. Yeah. A-hole. And it's 790 to ticker.com. I mean, he must be really the A-position. You think? In fact, maybe you'll hire a, what's your name over there? What the hell is your name? Oh, the energy. The energy. I saw the energy. I saw the energy. Oh, she's what I'm talking about. Talk about our real, wow, what a bitch. Yeah. Anyway, so how are we doing? Let me refresh it. It's like tick and mince, breath mince. We got $2,000 already. We've gained a net of 15 votes. Speaking of refreshing. Yes. And in my mouth, I found a match. I found a cigarette lighter. So Josh is good. Oh, good. More. He can breathe a little easier now. Literally. Yeah. We got $2,000 votes even. Baby, in the bad guys, over across seven, I knew the ticket. Those guys are literally got $2270. And they started with $2178. So slowly, but surely, thanks to our loyal and ineffective audience. I do. I'm doing it just to bust their balls of it. I just for fun so that they can pull it. And of course, that after I'm off the air, let's see who we got on. Today, I'll go the way. You know, he ain't gonna. Because his name is Nanna. And probably rightfully so. This is Neil Roger. This is 562A. Let's go with each other. Move it in a stool. Roll, win, play, what did you do? It just hit a foot. That wasn't quite true. Roll, roll, win, free defendant. James Frye. Don't we told the million little lies? Can we roll, roll, roll, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Alright, eight, eight, eight, for the apologized, just a moment. Oh, great. So The audience is not here, shall we move around tonight tomorrow take it a long time? We are in Children, little children on the street, homeless voice people. They actually were taken PCs out there in the street corner. Haven't had homeless voice people. It's half a mile. They were. Jim for Volas. Scott Becker, Beacher, whatever. A Jean Toledo. John Stugaz, a leader. Zach Cranz. Zach. He probably hates him like poison. But he's just got no choice because Moe pushed Zach. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Look, how other shove by the way. Jonathan Zazlo. I wonder if he's really the guy who used to be on guiding like the dog. Roger Thorpe. Remember him? No. Well, we got 2010 and the bad guys got 20 years, 290. So we're chopping into whatever is so lightly. I don't understand it because you tell me you can only vote once, right? And I guess we're right. Because that is a said, yeah. You, well, they're right. Because this isn't about a mind. Your vote was QAM on 130, right? At 837 AM, which what they was 1131, too. So I guess you got to clear the cookies. Well, I'm not going to go through all of that. But our audience has got a lot of time. They're not doing a radio show right now. They got 20 of time. It's just a question of how loyal they want to be and how much they want to do for us. You know, helping the helpless. Because it's all strictly me, man. It's me against the world. It's usual. Right? So we know, we know, we know, we know, we know, we know, we know, we know, so go ahead. I don't care. What do I give a crap? I don't do a sport show, but as far as which station, I mean, I'd like to look at at 2017, 2022, 95, we're like 207 and 78 behind. But we've picked up a net of seven votes all right. And what's the valuable factor starts kicking it? We'll be hit by 4,000. Put a call in that jackass once they let him out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60, they've arrived in a singular wireless line. Okay, here's the pull result from yesterday. Who is the biggest no talent celebrity of all time? We had 16, 151 votes. Why sure which we can get that many today on this Greg Potex pull on his blog? There are only problems you can vote against or I guess we've exhausted all our audience, right? At least the ones who'll make the effort for us. Right. 1000s of additional people out of, oh, we're not going to do that. There we are. Yes, you are. So very least for the free entertainment and the farting sounds we used to give you. Certainly those people that are posting all day long, they got them. Yeah, that's my other, but there's only two or three of them. You're under 200 staying. That's what it's saying. They came to earth three. They can clear their cookies all day long. Yeah, and it literally made me have included in a cookies thing. It smells like something. Who's the biggest no talent celebrity of all time? Peris Hilton 474. She beats the opposition hands down. Rosie O'Donnell 126 actually Simpson 125. P. Diddy 119. I hate this pull 105. Dr. Phil 73. Take a pill, Dr. Phil. Hopefully, arsenic. Arnold Schwarzenegger 44. Terry Spelling 38. Adam Sandberg 36. Melissa Rivers 44. Vanillen by 33. Jail 31. Oprah. 30. Wendy Spirit 29. Ellen D. Jannwick 26. Wayne Newton 25. Then after 24 slides the low in Tony Vansie, 22. 21 for our senior hall and its Solomon and Wuppy Goldberg and K&R Reeves. 18 for Snoop Dogg. We did cause we had 17. Courtney Love 15. J. Letta when Madonna 14. Martha Stewart 10. Will Smith 9. Bob Dylan 8. Ozzy Osborne 8. Frank Kuss and after an emerald Gassy 7. Will Smith 9. Joe River 6. Courtney Carsonville Schatner and Bruce Willos 4. Tam Hunter Red 3. Hey, Tam. You fairer. Gary Moore 2 and D. Martin finally got one. Solomon and T. Wano. But he finally got one. He's drinking. Hey, Dean. You wish you a funny that Dean. When he finally. I believe. Yeah. This is kind of like this like a election day. And just like just like the presidential elections, it's fixed. Right. We got two thousand 34 and they got look. We got the same numbers. They just in different order. We got 203 40 got two 304 now. That's pretty mysterious 166 170. So we picked up now in net of. Wait, wait a minute. 270 is that correct? So we picked up 15 votes already. And just half an hour. Since I changed my mind, or nearly I was just going to let this thing go. But I just can't operate there. When I'm just one. I'm a fighter man. I'm a speed fighter like somebody. I'm a speed fighter. Yeah, that's why I'm going to get you all fired. Did it. You know, he's your favorite. I'm a shot. And didn't go in to get to somebody. Not coffee or. WDQ. Hello. All right. Good. I think the reason you enjoy. You get a lot of crank colors because you got the so boring and repetitive. Yeah. You know, you're talking to the fellows all the colors. You know, can you tell us the names of all the. And what kind of code you keep along. Yeah. For a sub boring. That's why you listen all the time. You can tell us every time if the guardler call and this one and the whisperer and everybody else. Okay. We're so boring. But you are life was obviously so desperate that we're even spice it up. That pathetic existence. There's a solution for it. Sir, you know your brains out. Please. How about an asses to suicide. In fact, maybe blow it back to right there. I'll be good. I'll. I'll assist. You'll assist. Yeah. Who am? Hello. Hey, you. Okay, pal. Listen. There's a little thing that. You're a program or call a bot as you short for robot. And make it right a little. Probably that will cost a leak clear that and hit that. Clear. The bot. That's what's going on. That's why we've been getting a vote. They get one. I saw in as many votes as you want. You know, the real simple thing to do is maybe one of the listeners knows how to do it. Yeah, but 40 of the listeners don't have to do that ought to be doing that. And also Eric could probably do that up there. Eric's computer wizard. Come on. I'm not sure. I'm going to. Thanks, pal. Now, what is this again? It's just automatically like keeps a rehab. It's a little program. And he's right. They're called bots as a matter of fact. Like, I don't know if you've ever used the email on our own website. But before you can get into it, there's a little thing that you have to reply to. Yeah. So that people that use fan bots don't don't take over the email addresses and use them for spamming. So yeah. So yeah. Somebody that knows how to do it can write a bot that will basically keep voting continuously. Well, wouldn't that be nice? Because you can be sure they're doing it. In fact, that's probably why we're doing on the Tuesday and Wednesday. That is really scandalous if you ask me if you ask Alan T. Brown. Hey, Brownie. You're doing it. Now, let's say 248 and 15 with 263. We're traveling into a by 22 votes already. Even though they got those things going their botnet, their baton and their botanists. 252 for the good guys and 2315 for the pretenders over there. Where there's 75,000 memos on. Oh, let's get everybody you know and strain yours on the street corner. Oh, brother, we didn't own this. Grand Cody is doing a web pool on radio wars and sound 40s. Looking for your favorite, at least David Rose. Please vote and let's crush the Q.I.M. Let's crush them all. I do like an orange crush. I haven't had one those in years because they... Oh, guess what? I got some good news boys and girls? Yeah, late on it. Well, well, you don't really care that much. You don't drink a lot of diet soda. Yeah, do. You do? You have a heavy diet lime. Huh. Isn't that incredible? I know they had the coke lime for a while, but I'm just telling you. Listen to me. Not just Pepsi lime. Lime Pepsi is going to lime. Pepsi diet lime. I can't drink regular anything anyway. Well, I'm just telling you. All of it go look. I had Pepsi lime man. I'm dieting over here. If they tasted it, they'd have it done here in Cuba. And also, I'm not a bottle of every... They're like in the bottles. Not the teeny tiny bottles, but tiny right away. How it is. Point. WDQAM. Yeah, feel free. Yes, sir. Speaking. Oh, Dale, how are you doing? All right. I'm just one of these people that listen to... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... Did I... It was all right for everybody listening to it, too? All right, anyway. Keep up the good work. OK, thanks, palen. By the way, Georgetown is a good movie for a track which is a current movie and he will talk about it when it starts to sound really 2021. Yeah, and I'll be sending you a copy. I'll send you the original copy, rather than the copy that I made from that China. I'm Huzhinit. Oh, ran Felipe. Run Felipe and Sernar Pohok. Done. Cheedle. People that I like. Have a round of applause. Thin did. in 265 is 235 and 23258. Now, what's 285? So you see the numbers have changed, but only the guilty have been protected by the innocent. 258. So we're cutting into a 27. See that? And pretty soon it'll be. So even though they got there, bots are going. They're bots and balls. What's in the bot? Yeah. They got their bots and balls. Alan's he Brown. And I have no idea who that is. I didn't realize that there was another, another, an individual doing consulting in town. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162. This is the Neil Rogers. Yeah. All new all three save. Oh, we look like it's a thing. I'm gonna have to hop inside my company. Call. I got the ticket. The casher beat that up I have. I'm gonna think if you were ready, you'll be strong. I'm gonna say, Bob, baby. I can do anything I want to do. I'm gonna make a something you put in the back door. I got the power to know they can roll. Well, I have a way to get to your own show. I'm a station down in Hollywood. And I don't care. You call ratings alone. This is one that you can stroke, please. I'm on the same guard, I need it. And you'll do anything I want to do too. I'm gonna get something for you. That's why I'm like insulting because I'm just an asshole. Oh, I got it. I was soon able to forget. That was great. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a one quick go to register and to be safe in an ammo signing for a outcome on a crew. Professor Damicle. When a leader in the team ran for the next four years on the field, who didn't even really talk that he want to go out in the crowd. Here we go. in his diapers every half hour. You lose Allen, okay, Allen T Brown. A lot of bad Browns, like you know it? Cleveland Browns, Brownie Brown, and our Allen T Brown. I said you're a loser, Allen. Who has the least self respect, 569 votes? In fact, you know something that's an Allen T Brown of his poly, you gotta try? Allen T Brown, cause if you had any self respect he wouldn't be putting a memo out of this like all these like the janitor and the dry cleaner and people who like our pressing their burst of their suits over there, he would be sitting that out. That's one thing we go on here and have a little bit of fun with it, but it's another thing. Two, like I like, this is important, seven. And like hold the whip over everybody's head, you will get on this thing and you will crush QIAM, you'll crush them. Right. God, it just said. The least self respect, colon, power 110. Courtney, lug 95. I hate this pool 93, I'd like to vote for that. The QI am sports staff, 81, it won't even stand up for themselves. That's how sad our people are, I just say, we don't want it. Perisult, 81, Matt Fudge, 38, a Matt. You're fairies. So hitting, oh brother. I'll tell you, Dr. Mangala would have had a really good time with her. Ron Jeremy, 33, Jack Abramoff, 22, Robert Downey, Jr. 16, and the other one we've just put him on our Allen T Brown, Vantan Allen Brown. Got him? Got him, good. 560, 70, 560, stay tuned, cause I'm gonna read that memo again. 20 or 30 more times and the email address. What a jackass. Okay, let me refresh this. And now how we doing? You guys still voting over here. I'm looking at him. 2106, look at that. We've come a long way, baby, from a Paul Fee, 1893. Remember 1893? Not a very good year, though. 107, 213. Look at the way we're zooming up there, man. Oh man, it's shocking. And now the margin is down to 241 from 285. We picked up 44, and we're never leave work, Kelly, number 44, if it had taken Brown before you were born, no. No. No. Well, I do. He could carry, give me the ball. 560, 70, 560, pound five, 60, and the Verizon, and Singular Wireless Line. Police apologize and dropped the charges versus Cindy Sheen and that other broad. Capital police dropped the charge of unlawful conduct against Andy W. active Cindy Sheen, the Estadena apologized for rejecting her and the Congresswoman's wife from President Bush's state of the Union address for her and teachers with war messages. I apologize. The officers made a good faith, yeah, good faith, my ass, but mistaken effort to enforce an old, unwritten interpretation of the prohibitions about demonstrating in the capital, capital police, chief Terrence Gainer said in the statement late yesterday. The policy and procedures were too vague, he added, that faded rightfully for paraphernal officers, his mind, he said. If extraordinary statement came to the after-police from O'China and Beverly Young, wife of representative, C.W. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. From the visitors gallery Tuesday night. She and was taken away in hand-puffs before Bush's arrival at the capital in charge with Mr. Meiner while Young left the gallery, and therefore was not arrested again. And seeing that last night, they showed a type of Cindy B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. and out there and they say, oh Cindy, she is escorted from the capital. I guess, watch, he was being arrested. You javodated and put that on the end. No. And that's because Mrs. Limbaugh, who's underright, now she probably was editing the news. Neither Gashit have been confronted about the expressive t-shirts Gainer's statement said. Gainer added that he was asking US attorneys or if he's been dropped to charge against you. The statement also said he apologized to the Young's and shared that apartments plans for avoiding this in the future. I am not here like that. I had a controversial teacher who would just be John. A similar message has been left with Ms. Xi and he said. For his part, the Young's state wasn't necessarily satisfied. My wife was humiliated and told reporters he suggested that sensitivity to it may be in order for capital polis. A foreign board of American citizen with the guests of representative L.C. Hastings of Florida was also taken by police in the gallery just about to house floor. Hastings met with Gainer and said he also requested meeting with House Speaker Danny Hastings about the incident. I'd like to find out more information has to say that I didn't find the mental needs being from Broward County. He said constituent of mine I even invited him probably said L.C. L.C. Baby. She and Stuart where we know about the t-shirts within today yesterday. I'd be fit to put through that. I said they apologize which doesn't cut the mustard. L.C. Hastings we don't know about his buddy from probably a subversive though. Probably a Democrat. All of it is here's the testimony going on about Katrina. He just had a tornado on your door and you see that? Bill, I didn't because God is man. He is man. He wants a chocolate gnarling. Well maybe talk about a stir the chocolate. That could be it and then drink it. Maybe it's oval teen. I know it's disgusting but I see oval teen out of the jar with us just a little bit. Just think about that then. Just when you're in your mouth. You get in there. Oh, nice texture to it. Mmm. Just melt right on your tongue. Mmm. 2358 pretty guys over there the pretenders. 2358. Let's do the math again. Let's go to the video tape. 2358. Is Warner will still lie by the way? Nobody knows. 9, 3, 2, 2, 2, 3, 9. Oh, pretty soon it's going to be under 200. It was almost 300 when we started the choke. And once we get those bots up here, how many we got? I'm in my 40. They're going to be something 30 in there like. Like, uh, rapid fire baby. Even the bush people can fix the most spices we're going to do it. How many they can? So anyway, Alan Brown writes, what it would be interesting to find out who this was that brought this in and dropped it off for us from over there. I mean, they get fired right away or whoever sent it over. Huh? No need to know. You sure there is. I heard I saw a guy. I heard Stugotson and he walked it right over. He walked it over and thrown in parents's box. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a rising and singular. Wireless long. Look at that. There's not a call on the board man. And they're wondering, why is there always you right in their bot? You think? Then let's see it. And that's got to be it. They're, they're under computers right now. They're hooking up. Because they're going to do us a few of his service. They're proud of QAM. I mean, you've got to have a little bit of pride. Not too much when you work here, but for the beesleys. But just a little bit. You got to put your best foot forward. Fight to good flight, right? Right. You'll be able to see four behind that. They're two, three for now. We've got another bunch. Oh boy, they're going to start really jumping jump and jump and jump and jump and jump and jump. You'll see. You'll be able to smell them all over across the street. 5, 6, 7, land. What is this with this phone here? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a rising and singular. Wireless long. They got nothing for their our pole for about having a little self-respect. I told you it wasn't a good pole. And that says I want to concentrate again on the other one. I still think that if people, in fact, if you're in the office right now, you go to somebody else's PC, right? I don't know how to do it. Just like our pole where it's the ISP, with one person to go to the building that you're locked out. Get out of here. Are you crazy? Well, that's how ours works. I don't know how there's work. If one person votes in the building you're locked out, well, how does that pass? If they got there going in, we'll be there across the street, vote in 10,000 times. Give me a break. Be voting from home. They're voting from home? I don't think so. Maybe they're going to go in the different buildings. They're going to go to the people's quarters. Maybe they didn't cookies over there. Well, that's okay. You had nothing faster than cookies. No, okay. Putting some of that sponge cake in that dark rich strawberry. Well, what was the raspberry chocolate? Oh, yeah. And people are chocolate and milk chocolate. Oreo cookie crumb marshmallow chocolate. Oh, the Oreo cookie crumbbles over the marshmallow. Like a damn on the... Amoretto. Yeah, I don't think the right leg in life's the white chocolate. WCOM. Hello. Stop! Stop! WCOM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Okay. Good. I was listening to a high-life from Joseph Gacky about when the UN-1 was playing. I was playing some Joseph. Wow. Whatever. It had like a little flop there yesterday. Well, you should get in theory. What did we have? Let me tell you. Compared to Kermit's a frog from the Muppet Show. It's exactly the same freaking way. Oh, my! Oh, my! There you go. Ever seen together? Same middle-same person. Joseph Gacky or... Oh, my! Oh, my! Old Pudonhead. Or whatever I used to call. 560, 560, pound 560, and the horizon, cigarette-wiredless line. Need to wait this cut up today. They're not on top of this like they were on Tuesday. And that's partially my fault. We should've kept banging away on it again yesterday. No? This goes the other people on this case. We don't line. We don't line up. We don't give enough time to talk about it, you know, that. We didn't deal with the Boss. We didn't deal with the Boss. We didn't deal with the Boss in the Sea Rocks in the Sea Rocks in the Sea Rocks in the Sea Rocks in the Sea. And the Coors. How can you forget about that? And we love the panthers. They lost again. I'm sorry. I get so emotional. I think about those phony attendance numbers. Do I have any QAN? Hello. No, you're confusing me with these fold. What's your when are we on? What's everyone you like? Pick and pull you like. And then a little more. you more? No, okay. Do you want to kill a young? No. Yeah. I think I got one for your phone. No, so fast back, yes? Well, it's a difficult phone man. It's not good sighting. How about Jose Caine's take a little man? No respect for himself. Excellent choice about standing. I like him. Jose Caine's take a little man. He's a killer. I mean, killing anybody but he just kills us with his behavior. Come in his brother, Azi. And of course he never did no steroids except, you know, except all of them. When he was alone with somebody. No, actually, and many changes might do it. And not only that, he changes mine after he wrote the book first. First, they were great for you and they're like, the sports, the tool of the future, who is going to be doing them on the head, they hear, and he's all I didn't mean that. I changed my mind. They're baby bad, you know. But then he changed back after the after the house. He changed basically. He got in by his book again. And Susan Rafi Paul Merrow, that was bad. Chris, it's not to be true, but never. And then there was Ellie and Rosanna. Oh, Rafi, you're such a credit to the community. We have 14 streets named after you and all the members of your family. And he loves that Cuban restaurant like her. Oh, boy. What a funny bitch. Ellie and Rosanna, my ass. How do you do that? 2148 2364. That's 216. Can it is it possible that the margin is narrowed that much dramatically. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Exactly. Our people are coming through for us today. Maybe by two o'clock. We're going to be ahead of them if it's the last. If I have to like eat about 400 cookies. You know what I'm saying? Oh, do that. You know, the kind of cookies are like I can't think of what they call them. P. K. And Sandy's now. They got like um, I don't mean more like sugar white sugar coating on them like, uh, and what you call them. Sugar much sugar cookies. No, not sugar cookies. Michael, no. Sandy paid me all of a color more like. I know. And I'll start with a cookies. Okay. I did so when you started with a cookie. I did a nice wood bind day. I lost two pounds yesterday. And about a 191. I'm feeling like human again. You're and the good news is that George has taken his picked up the cudgel man and he's swinging it. What George is our liaison with clearance. David, every day. So I don't have to listen all like me. Yeah, yeah. I don't know. See why I'm in such a better mood today. Is that one? God, I see that that because I told Dick stock and I'll burn you on. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 162A. And we can play a baby. Well, a bullet gunshot, maybe you could bring it on, a kiss coat. Yeah. Yeah. You'll see that supposed to have a crisp gangster microphone? C'mon. Oh, that was seven in the room. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Deep Waar Mickey. Oh, one of the You like the perfect album, there's a reason why the tracks don't cover the theory here. Right, though. Now I'm almost wearing that sweater. I'm like the perfect album, you're fairies. Okay, so now what's the story? You're saying you mean that? Because Bokeb Rines and we like a whole bunch of stuff. We're sending it south Parkfield. Yeah, those are all from me. We're about in the closet. How many crews? Hey, Tommy. You're fair in the Bloody Mary episode of the South Park, which you probably won't ever see on TV again. Really? Yeah. Well, it's technically got a whole different way. Definitely won't. Well, I'm done with it. I've got them teeth and I've got one ballsy out of it. Always looks like he's going to fart in your favor. Outra, evil guy. Really? Yeah. If the Catholic church is outra, it's going to be great. That's just special. And if anybody deserves to be outraids, how them priests do when it ones it like a musting all in little kids. They're doing fine. Double doke. Okay, let's see how the voters come. I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised here. I think somebody is hot on it. Oh my God, we're out of 200 even. We picked them almost 100 votes and it's in less than an hour. And hour power. I bet you we got like 300 and bots. If you're a sports ace, you might have your bots involved. Especially in the Marlins. That's a stock demand. That was a hoot. That was pretty funny. He realizes he's stinks. You know what? What? Wait to be here this. Okay. Well, now first I got to do the bad news from Iraq. I know that's bad because if you're very cold, we're fine. There is a bomb tied in there a T stand. I wonder if Joe Caroio was there. Maybe he was throwing that T.C. I can't afford his wife. You stand. Can you get a T back there? No, but you can go to the T room right next door. A bomb tied in there a T stand killed eight men waiting for a day labor. If we're daily, we're in largely a she-eyed area bagged at a six other people that had violence across the country. So there let's see eight and six is 14. A she-eyed politician tapped as a possible prime minister predicted a new government within place by mid-March. In the morning attacked on the impoverished laborers in the capital's new bagged that area appeared aimed at further inframing the sectarian intentions in this war ravaged country. War ravaged country. Isn't that interesting? Because before we invaded there and occupied it, it wasn't where ravaged it all. Well, they should have attacked us. Where she hides accusations with sooneria, absent reprisal killings and kidnapping at the other end. Police said at least they meant we're more than 50 wounded men. Of course, see the wounded is just like a generic term. We don't know about how many lins were lost, how many eyes, a sign of their family, all of these party parts. Now this story here is great. It's about a word. Yeah, really? I bet you never thought I have a story about the word. Yeah, got that right. Yeah. And Al Pacino probably never thought we would be hoping we didn't because that will be a so bad, the Senate of a woman. I mean, there's one scene, the courtroom scene, that's fine. It's good. The rest of the blows. My favorite part is where he gets in the visit of vet. He was driving, I think he's just driving a vet or a Porsche or something like that. And on the streets in New York, he's blind. And Chris O'Donnell, a senator with him. Oh, turn left, uh, in about two seconds. And turn right away. And of course, there's no pedestrians. There's only 10 million people. There's so I would be pedestrians in New York. But anyway, it's ridiculous moving. It sucks. See if a blind guy would drive in the South Florida. We wouldn't think anything up. No, of course not because they probably just got his license renewed. Like I did in the mail. But anyway, Al Pacino says, who about 400 times in a movie? The US Army, which has so many acronyms expressions and opaque phrases that it seems to deserve its own language. There is one word that is quite possibly other than any other. The word is, and actually in this story, when I went with said O'CNN, it actually tells you how it's who I pronounce. Alternatively spelled HUA and HUA, which is called HO-A-TUMA. Right. I tend to come in a committee and maybe you'll hear, HU-A. Other dissolving is a 15 year old says like, or you know, heads of the posters changing by a TOOMA energy bar or WET wipes or POOA-TU-O water, H-O-O-A-H. H-O-A, H-O-A, H-O-O water. I must be a Canadian thing. It's not just an Iraq, a US bases around the world. TOOMA. Seems an inseparable element of Army life. Just don't try to define it, and definitely don't try to figure out where it comes from. Now, you say that on your deathbed, you say, femper five first, or you say, first. femper five? What do you say first? Neither. Oh. I hear, they have a new thing, Mr. Hey, say that. I have a lot of fun. Just don't try to define it, and definitely don't try to figure out where it comes from. I believe it came from H-O-R-A. It basically means everything from yes and yes or to that's great. It said Captain James, low fever, Clever's office, number of the 506-R-Dramidal Combat Team. If you use it as a generalized cheer, it's like raw, raw, Cisco and buy, you know? Right. It's one of those multi-purpose phrases when it doubts say, POOA. That doesn't begin to cover it. They shall who are, or they started to get motivated, they whisper when they can hear what something somebody just said. POOA means you understood something, and you're not going to be a proper reply when somebody says, Thank you. Thank you. Like, forget about it. On the other hand, it may also be used to say, thank you. Or like, Craig O. Craig O. And then, you know, I'll tell you it's spaghetti sauce. But it's Italian, Craig O. And then Dutch, I'll still believe, there it means like, there you go. And in fact, when you're on KLM, when you're flying like the Amstet, I'm which will be very soon, I'm sure. Right. And it, like, give you the, you know, in business class, they give you the business. They give you the kit with the, the schmatha for your feet, and all the whole deal. And they, you think, thank them. And I'll still believe, there you go. Everything goes on. I'll still believe like the hookers there on the, and the red light district. I'll still believe there it is. There you go. I see. Give me the cash and get out of here. So anyway, there you go. There's a story about who I will tell you, and see, there ain't no other educational show in America that's given you to do a Puhas story, is there? Oh, many times. You're guys are so boring. You're so bad. You're so bad. What are how many of those stupid things on your, a fat boy sent and his boyfriend or the, or probably off from the same two people, Eddie and his boyfriend, 20, 2, 6 team, we've cut it under 200. Candle is in less than an hour. It's that damn gun. Power. Man, which way come out when it was Neil got power bars? What are they going to do? We're going to put it on. You'll be seeing who ha on the throne, huh? What are they going to taste like? Hmm. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like, ha's in favor of sauce. You're going to taste like curry man. I can't come back from wood by last night. I had an Indian or an old pack. The ones with the turbines are packies, right? Yes. Yeah. I had a packie. Very good driver though. Like Raymond and Raymond. He's a very good driver, but oh my, they're the seats wherever they're from. It's a little better than that. No man. Now I'm not so sure if it was him or just the whole kid because he sits in their all day that had the curry infusion. You know? Oh, good girl. I thought it was going to soon. Maybe they'd use curry by wash. There could be it. WCWA and how are you? Okay. New or as far as the RUIA are the angles for the military that we are. Yeah. It's kind of a motivational speech when you got, when you need your big guy. I'm not saying that right. Say not who you are. Well, yeah, but you kind of reading it other than what? You got to say we're a little more more patient like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, that's not who you are. Sir, sir, you weren't in the military. I wasn't there. I don't care. I thought you were going to know. I didn't know. I wasn't in the military. You're the same right. I wasn't. I was too fat. Thank God for asking. Yes. Who you are, Daddy? That's why that was. That was the way he was saying it. Who you are, Daddy? That's probably what he was asking me. Not me. That's one thing. I'm not responsible for all this over population. It's going on. Always unwanted babies to earth. This is needle Rogers. This is a needle Rogers. This is 5.62. 8. Don't take my flat very. No take my flat very. You wait me. It makes the world to me. I live in a prison building. I can't buy email everywhere I am. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's great life. It's a real life. It's a real life. It's a brutal life. It's augh I cry like the small baby Don't take it away Don't don't take my back, Mary Well, look at away that gap is closing Maybe you don't need your calculator to finger that on Do you? No, it's been a fingering it out She takes the finger enough Anyway, yeah What? Ha ha ha ha Oh, can he build it out or what? I just sent you a super secret message Ooh, I'm one Total thanks On paper yeah Ooh, a fact is coming Double extra total And then this is gonna be a signing 2299 for us It's almost 232427 We're only 128 boats behind We're closing that gap Just like a front runner Just like a M.E. Chief At Northfield Downs with Jim Irman Jr. driving Fading in the stretch air After opening up about a 16 line cleave Fading and puking and gasping for oxygen Hi Here I'm reaching back Don't say it on the air Oh my god, well of course I'm not gonna say that Wow There we go man I'm squeezing it Thanks for what I say BOOF-AX2 Huh? What if I knew I was my first live soft That's what I thought Like that And then I thought Again Or who y'all like that guy? See no wonder they kicked his ass out of the military He can't even say it right I thought of the military he was who raw Anyway I don't wonder they want to take you off the payroll Five six The A.L.S. and I'm going to bed for you man I sure hope you appreciate my efforts I don't have no idea why I mean you do a fine job for us But it's just I know It just pisses me off of the way they treat everybody If somebody associate with us they treat like crap Yeah And a current lies in line Yeah, you can read your ratings guys Let me ask you a question Mr. Curtis That's me Engineering department Do they work for power 96 They do They work for kiss They do They work for QAM That's the one check All of these things The receptionist They work for power 96 Yes they do They work for QAM All of these things How you like that? So this story about what you can't be on both There you have me a mama Your mama so sucks in a Newark Give me a freaking break You know they start messing with our people That's when I really take a session Whenever when When focus polls come on there When people are like emailing Dispily everybody that ever like was in there Building within a two mile radius That's the reason we're like striking back today Plus the rest of our people And we don't land Rest of our people like you know they just bend over Really never have it How much all those guys who are like using soap still When you think so All our sports people Sop chips We're only 107 of what's behind Well I tell you it's going to be a real ugly moment for Alan Brown For old downtown Alan Brown When we pass them like they're standing Only 104 Oh it's behind Look at that Greg co-text Of course he can't because he's there in Detroit So I'm sure he's not sitting there like you know Tagulating Calculine which is bad news for him So thanks to ever brought I think Joe Rose sent that email in by the way Alan he hates The rumor I'm here to see he's Alan Brown Almost as much as he hates Josh Feinberg Joel Feinberg whatever's name Got Josh on the mind Let's see German says nobody has less self respect than the Democrats That's an excellent one for our poll today the Democrats And no self respect except for our Hawaii Let's get that around It says Democrats let's be a publicans dump all of them say this is crap All of them time and time again then say thank you a peasing gotless wonders Hey German you are Absolutely correct It says I drove to Orlando yesterday can't wait to lose the signal Many you you guys have a great signal all the way to Orlando How do you like that some days Holy moly rap man There's one thing I'd like to do is get all the way to Orlando There you go Yeah that one Certainly not the city. Oh air stuff there's one have a few lunches On the same day 567.05.60 member in the fan so when he says We can have a few meals whatever family always he's great He's also a but we shot he's got a wife though Does he? Mm what's heaven for rentals and huh Why you made me picture these things Well, I don't know they're like all types of two of them Maybe we were smoking an abandoned smokey and a vision smoking a little bit Him or James Coco that tried it was a down-dell always try to pick up that cute waiter in the restaurant Yeah, 100 and oh no 100 my ass 91 vote that a separate And close of the two big stations you prefer for sports radio seven ninety the tick I'm sorry 2458 and 2 a.m. 2369 We're only just a smattering of oaths behind Is that incredible or what our audience are they coming true for us or what? And I bet to the third emails and pony tails and these he chains and all kinds of stuff going on Because right now we're only 81 if anyone votes behind We stood up the on 285 Boy Alan Brown I beat my heart out. Okay. Oh, what are we gonna say no? We're blew the lead baby. It's like having a really pretty that can't close it. You know that's what I'm thinking those guys just can't close it How many kill a m.o. I knew yes, sir I would say something about how about outsharping for a no respect for himself first. Why is that? I just thought I was I don't know. Yeah, yeah, you know here. Hey, that black guy I'm in a timesharm to like his bull crap, but then there are other times you open to the mouth and answer easy about the only one Him and Howard demon you only want to evolve to sand the head of sell out there you go. Well, not always Come any Q a m. Hello Yes, so the deal is that one or wolf without whom you were speaking earlier. That's under the video tape with Warner Wolf. Yes He's alive and well living in New York City still on the radio. Is he? I don't know the current. I don't know the. I don't know the. I don't know that you've ever honestly report the sports story in the last 15 years. No, he doesn't just say let's go to the video tape Which one you're on radio isn't very effective, you know? I'll tell you having been on radio myself. I can tell you that my program Director would try to slay me what I would go to the video tape. Yeah, you would never really want me to do it. Why not? You know, just the reason you set me. Let me come on. You're a smart guy. You know, I thought I was so smart. How come I'm working for this outfit? Well, hey, I mean, come on. You're living in a great apartment somewhere far away. You got to make it a lot if you get For a question about that man. If a word for Q a my life would be perfect. Trust me. Listen, let me tell you. Any man who gets to work in his underwear from home and gets the money that you get. How come in the guy? Exactly. I'm a genius. Like I said, listen, how are you? You want to tell us you're going to remain in time. I work for it. You'll be 93 fantastic FM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. All right. And these days, our work is a job of the city of New York. Hello, all right. You're on the right now. Yeah, I'll be there. The second thing I wanted to know. How many of you did you think? You're not to get us an algal steam to an alcatrazor. I mean, to like, although I've met algal in a number of times because I'm a cigar smoker. And Alan, I or kind of brothers of the leaf. And you. Are you a fat shoe? I am and he is to it. I'm a problem. I'll tell you. If you're a fat shoe, then you and I will have something in common. I know I'll very well trust me. I don't, I don't like to refer to myself as a fat shoe, but I'll tell you a great story. Yes. I was at New York, Sammy the bull, Giovanna one day. He had been in the newspaper for the New York Post the day before. And they described him as the stocky thick, Giovanna. And I said to him, hey, you know, Sammy, be in the script of stocky. Really not so bad. And he said, hey, you said, maybe stocky is good for you. He said, look at your belly. He said, stocky is no good for me. So, you know, but you don't really want to cross any bone marrow. Now you should have told him by the way, the word is perfect anyway. The other thing I want to tell you, was respect to a sense of a woman. Yes. Having worked in Brooklyn for many years, I can tell you that's a story. Who are you? Hey, Neil, who are you know, I think you adopt that term. All of your colors will start using it when they call this a story. I'm sure they were all not. Now, woman, not the streets in Brooklyn, their empty is your saying. They are empty. And when that film was made, now that is in dust-free old Brooklyn. That is pretty real. That is pretty real. His phone's down under them and hadn't rich. They refer to that as dumbbo. And at the time that that film was made, those streets were in seed entirely. That's true. I would think so, yeah. Yeah, I mean, there's major renovations going down, going on down there now. And people are beginning to live there, it's becoming a very residential area. But back then, those old cobblestone streets of Brooklyn and the empty as anything. Well, I'm sure that Al Pacino is driving in the sunrise right now with the same shades of... I got my eyes closed and I'm driving right down the university. Perfect. Perfect. Fitted like a rubber glove. Okay, thanks a lot, Your Honor. All right, brother, be well. Yeah. He's a judge, man. You've got to have respect. If you need to judge, respect Your Honor. Thanks a lot, your name is Alito. I never liked that. I'd like to do say that the judge at the end of a trial. Personally, if you want, of course. Thank you, Judge. Thank you, Your Honor, sound like so much more dignified. I just sound like a real man, anyway. Good fact, you wish for it from Brooklyn, from where he's from. Okay, how's the pull coming to you? I dare refresh it because this could be a little shock to my sister. Now I could have a heart attack. Twent... Oh, no! The next time that we report after this very brief break, we could actually be in the lead, Alan T. downtown Brown. We see male addresses eight brown at 790 the ticket dot camera. At least it probably used to be vacant on all. FUH! FUH! Is it that a hoot? Isn't that a Hua? Let's see... 24... We're 22 behind... I guarantee right now I'm going to go out of the limb. I will bet your fat boy and... ...lials life on it that... ...and what we'll be in lead. This is the real Roger, it's the first one. This is five, sixteen, sixteen, six. We got to leave. You'll look at the glory home first there with the James Copa diet. Hey everybody, look at me! But now there's a new diet that guarantees you'll lose one round or more in nine years or less. Well, your money back. It's the Al Sharpen Strike diet. Oh, where are the O'er? What should I actually do? Is it a post-unbebiscini hall real bad that you get angry? See? Staff y'all beat. And oh, the chicken eggs and your mouth like this. Everything. Our viewers, are you? We're just about to have a thing. So, try the new Al Sharpen Strike diet. And with every pound you lose, Al will personally resize your ranges. It's... It's 745, a QAM. Critical phase in Iran's standoff is at a honor Iran. This phase is I can't... ...where I head by to land a pole. Think that Alenty Brown, two of you. Yeah. Hey, Alon. You're fairie. The International Atomic Energy Agency's Board of Governors is debating whether to report Iran to the UN Security Councilman's arrest by the Islamic State to start a Marching Iranian where if it's nuclear activities are sent to the council. Oh, my God. There is an assortment among board members. Let the report the Iranian issue now to the Security Council, right? A later stage. I, A, A, A, A. Directed General, my Hamid Al Baradai said. Al Baradai said, all the members agreed as the UN Security Council should not take any actions. Mainly impose any sanctions until Al Baradai presents his report on Iran's nuclear program to the board in March. And that, a hoot that Dick stocked and loves this show and, plus by the fact that he knows that he knows I know. If the referrals are laid till next month, it could help both of the opportunity for negotiations to get Iran to hold its nuclear activities. Al Baradai said that moves to report Iran to the UN Security Council not a crisis, but a window of opportunity. And resolving the stand-up. A window of opportunity, it's a phrase kind of like, you know, person of interest. Right. Don't you love that one? Lots. We are reaching a critical phase, but it isn't in no way a crisis situation to reporters. Earlier Iran's IAEA Ambassador A told CNN's Becky Anderson was a real bubblehead and a simple denobnoxious. She's almost as bad as Richard Quest. She told Becky that if his country's referred to the council, it'll begin large-scale enrichment of uranium and nuclear facility in Natan's. So don't the piss of soft we're going to start like Nukin' it. And Nukin' it and then these railies and the Iranians and but a beat, but about then it's going to be like, and it will have Armageddon and we can all cope together. And the Jews are all going to burn in the hell and the go-am are all going to go to the letter. And the Muslims are going to be doing an emergency. All it will be great. It will be in the higher. Shall I refer to this thing because it seems like we passed them like they're in slow-mo. I mean, maybe obviously tap it out a lot of phony votes, which I, because it's the off. Which are the big two states you prefer for sports radio. We start in almost 300 votes down when we, when I decided to get back on this. See, when I make up my mind, we don't fail. Don't want to say it. What do you say? I'm saying screw them. Screw well and brown. Hey, Alan, your mama. WDQA in 2556, 790 to 2, 790 to 2, 2530. We got it by 26 votes and pulling away. Like secretary in the bell-mont. Like a big machine, mine. Like a good machine. As a chicken, Risen would say, when he was shaving you, he croaked chicken. It was shave on one morning. Great race and out. Race color. Before I'd Dave Johnson, which means he must have been long time ago. Anyway, he had croaked. He was shaving. That's not a good idea. We have a sharp object in your hand. 567, of course, when you have a dog object in your hand. 567, 056, he pound. 560, he Verizon and singular wireless line. To wait to put that line up or not. I don't know if we're going to make men, their offenses with these sports parents. We don't want a puppy. Y'all need two to four in the most lot. Why don't we do something about that? About that most lot. What is that? Is this correct? Is that Peter King again? From 3 to 3. 30? I have one question about that. I want to stick my nose in the sport. What do you know about that? Mad Dog is smoking bones in four lot of day, four to seven. Pre-Kin hotline at Bernie Cosa's steakhouse, seven to nine. Because the beats is up there in Detroit, Lock it around on 12th street in the dark. Josie is going to do the 910 hour Bernie Cosa's steakhouse. That should be really. Okay. Exciting. And then it's a no ball game. No hockey game. No button. No bachi ball. Not going on. No chest tournaments. No poker. Oh, thank God that celebrity poker thing is dying out. Not that I ever watched it. But it's just you embarrassed to be a human being when you're like channel surfing. You see a bunch of guys playing cards. Yeah, whatever. Next we'll be having old made tournaments on the sunrise. All of a sudden. Nice, Blake, sunny. W2AM, hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. Good morning, you. When is the... I just wanted to be heard about the beating show on the WIOG or Saturday morning. Yeah, we heard it. And then he's got a face for radio. He does. Yeah, they have to whiteen that. So thank you studio. To make the... Okay, thanks. Thanks for the people of temp. Yeah, somebody told us about that old news, Jim Daphit. He's the schmussy looking. You know, they like that one bits. They have amazing things called razors, you know. And body watch. I can imagine him who... See if he had soap or beat English because he can never bend down to figure it up. He makes Hank look like a little miss muffled Jim Daphit. Good God, he's one of the more... You saw him right? Yeah, I saw him. Oh my God. I'm telling you, it's... It's... Body nevins with a bicycle pump stuck up. That's the... That's the ballooning and ballooning. All of a sudden, my almost burst. His gut actually hangs down below his knees. Oh my God, he is a monster in the... You're a realistic vinnist. That's what Periscillin said. 2608 2536 were head by 72 votes. We are going to leave them in the sawdust. We're going to leave them so far in a rears that... Well, and you know something Joe Rose, thanks Joe for bringing this sending over this thing to us. See because Joe would know where to leave it. And if Joe came over, and I mean, nobody would keep him out of the building, right? We love Joe Rose. That's right. Joe Rose, two to four, how's that sound? A band. I'll ride a little though. Little Mark's all by the man dog, dog. Somebody QAM, hello. You know, yes, sir. I just wanted to say a few things about our lovely president. Go in and help. Hopefully the dream police won't come and get me. He really is a communist. No, he's a fascist. Really? I mean, he goes... He's a mate. With the... Oh, is this... Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. I wonder how long he rehearsed that. Do you think he practiced that over and over a week? And when that good, that police is a seren sound effect. That was really very impressive. That was a... A four-year-old police car. No, listen, no, wait a minute. You don't understand. Oh, yeah, I do. No, you don't. You don't understand. Just stop and think about this. If he wasn't calling us with that... Schmidt. And he wasn't all of us with that. No, no, that was... I was gonna say, Swill and I pretended like... But anyway... He'd be out there doing something. I'm sure he'll be dangerous on his way now. Right. So it's good that he was on a phone. Just like all those people were tapping off the two or three people. All those, you know, phony emails. It's good. It keeps him busy. We're headed by 90 votes. 26, 30, 25, 40. And they're like, uh, stuff. Cause that's all they got anyway. That's their whole audience. And they're staff voted 10 times. And then the people across the street. Now let me ask you, why? Cause I haven't really paid any attention. Yeah. The Jefferson pilot building that used to be, um, 790, Waxi. And then it was, uh, whatever it is now. The NS Collins Memorial Law. The NS... The Road here. Yeah, where exactly is it? Uh, just on the other side, right? Right. On the other side, just a few blocks. North of this. Yeah, but that's what I'm asking. A few blocks. But I mean, like South of County Line Road? Uh, yeah. Wow. Very close. Very close. Man. Like close enough to throw like a... I don't know. But down in the end. Woo! Good, golly Miss Molly. Well, there they are. And of course, they're probably, uh, probably somebody like I told you. Want to know where this came from. Joe Rose leaked down early this morning on his way to work. And he dropped that off. Cause that's definitely his printing on there. So as Neil and Georgia came upon this email, thought of my, a museum signed Joe Rose, aka a friend. Might be from Joe, you think? He hate like a Joe finder. Oh, my god, this spot. And Alan Brown, forget about it. Browny Brown? Man, he's like a turn him Brown. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. I think I want to roll through the store live in December when I was up in New York. I'm a little bit of a kind of company for from a Harrisburg troll me. The whole Warner World story story story. I already still go into the video tape, right? Right on. I just missed that. I wanted to bring up and, and following that, that great call just now. Talking about the domestic surveillance and just a bush was just, I mean, going on for the state of the union. You just stop and think about able danger. You remember what that is, right? Yeah. I mean, they actually tried. In for me, I mean, it's just such a hypocrisy that they want to talk about. The domestic surveillance went when they were, they were doing it back then. And had the people and they shut them down. They didn't want them to be vented. Of course. Look, you look, when you're in business with people and they're doing evil things, you know what your business partners to be a little found, right? You're right. Neil 911 was an inside job, brother. And I'm buying it. Later. And they're selling it. I believe it. Worse isn't bin Laden's baby. Demon and Burlusconi. It's the Beat Boys. Burlusconi. Emotion bin Laden. You remember Mickey Dang used to say, who's with the B? Bush bin Laden and Burlusconi. Burlusconi. It sounds so much schmals here though. It's had a tiny thing here. So, the Burlusconi sounds so, uh, you almost want to dance to it. I got to be honest with you. When I, this sounds ridiculous. But when I was watching that standing in the shadows, I loved to know it's ago. Yeah. And Jonas born was doing what becomes the broken heart. You just get so into that. And I was almost wanting to cry. I mean, it's so fabulous. Just watching that whole thing. That's obviously really enjoys the song. Oh, they were not just her, but I mean, the funk brothers, the music. And just, uh, and see, I know it sounds stupid to say it. But the reason that it all sounds like the original, at least the, the music, is because it is. Yeah. And it's just like identical. See, I'm not one of those people that's thinking like live, concert album stuff like that. I want to hear the songs in the way they sounded originally on the, record. Yeah, I'll call it commercial music free. But I am. But all of these with great artists and, except for track, a con. But other than that, man, I'm telling you, you people, if you watch it. So you've got crashed to watch this weekend, which George says is ex-x-alent, see, and standing in the shadows of Moton, which I guarantee you, if you've got any taste in music or a life for just a little, it'll, let's, crank your chain. Am I right? Yes, it will. You'll be going around all weekend going over and over again. If you're singing all in song, you'll be tapping your toes, and tapping your nose. Okay, and I'll see. I had to, oh, I want to go back to the thing again. I don't want to keep harping on that, but we need to keep these people, because you know what they're going to be doing over there as soon as I go off the ear, because our people sure ain't going to be above. We're not going to do this. We're not going to get into what peeing contest with always guys, or just going to like, nor them. Yeah, right. See, the thing that pissed me off about that is because it gives them exactly what they want. When people see something in a newspaper, even as bogus as this deal is, they believe it. That's their whole concept over there. They want to create this, this phony image that all man, they're picking our ass and they're like, you're right. You can't even kick your own ass over there for quite six. You want to hear what Mark Eisenberg says about O.J. McDuffey, man. You may, I could even say it on the ear. 2684, 2546, William 130, eight votes ahead of them. We need to really crank it up now. I'll do folks out there. Now we need to put the pedal to your middle. Two, uh, that's it. Five, six, seven, up over. Did I ever get through the schedule or not? Or yeah, I did. I ain't ever know because I'm not too keen on it anymore. Because we don't want this. Is a new Roger. This is by 16, 18, 18. A. A. A little more holiday. And this portion of the new Roger's in the 12th. Oh, and how is it? Is brought to you by the 1112. So, like, says a pitch. Oh, for me. And, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. You're fair with high-light. You both need shit. Inside the shower soar. Sit, shine. And I go switch it with. And slap the rock the wall. And then go the floor. I do it. And I do it. I do it. And I do it. And I do it. And slap the rock the wall. And then go the floor. And clap the falar my Bruce Wong of I party to the other way. What I do it so early? When the lamest somebody will shout out for the akan! She'll show all the fun things back and back! I reckon you'll show us, and let the swiths break! And scream, and give a throw, and show us And let the sword out! I reckon you'll show us! guys Friendly You're looking for the glory holes! $1.560, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $ $0.520, $0.520, $420, $2.520, $2., $1520, $2.520, $420, $2.520, $2. $2.520, $2.520, $2, $0. hospitals are increasing. $1.520, $2.520, $520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $2.520, $1.1020, $2.520, $2.520, $1.520, $2.520, $2.520, $0.520, $2.520, $320, $2.520, $320, $2. $420, $520, $2.550, $2.520, $520, $1.520, $2.520, $420, Of course it's all union up there and he couldn't get me enough hours to make the same money I was making them Florida well, how would that you know because it cost about three times as much to live in New York Yeah, but you know, but I'm WABC. Yeah, I have big deal But a bunch of New Yorkers who cares why would you want to be on the radio in New York when you can be on QAM Anyway, I think where Slar is dead. I'm not really sure but boy. He just loved me See all the people all wrong people like Dick Stockton and Leslie Vissior and Brent Mouseberger They all are wrong people love me How about some you know been on here how many years now about Mark it I wouldn't you say I keep saying this every year and hopes that some old bag I mean some nice lady Will you know croak and leave me like ten million dollars or something? Yeah, I can only three hundred payment. I get that's right But it ain't happened yet Of course, they could just leave a you know leave a check with you and I'm sure we'll get back up here right? I'll give you a piece Yeah a piece for the aradazzo brothers or whatever name was Remember that remember to see me The birthday cake up under roof there in Havana Yeah, we've got a show a great one biggest tour in a camp in a casino business pop under protection of Don Francisco on a West Coast Oh, that's that I'm serious that movie you just To be true all of them even the third one had its moments Most of them embarrassing but nevertheless 27.92 25.64 looks to me like we pulled 200 and 20 200 and 28 votes ahead. Yeah, we pulled my god this audience is on top of it. They are just smoking In fact, if you open up your windows forget about Howard Bay You can hear the sounds of people yell and all over software to man by the way, William. Book of brands has the ricks to Clark died in 1982 From an 82 yeah, I'm an eight-year-old 1982 right I don't think so Where'd I would I've been a V2 Ws news? Yeah, I guess not I don't know where do you find that? Are you Google it? I don't know He knows the S.K. L.A.L.A. Are you Google or Rich Scar? I don't believe that I'll all could have been back in my Ws news days that he was a yeah possible He was a good guy Rich Scar. He was the consultant for Cap City's that used to own W ABC and then of course Disney Ooh 92 type over 90 to I told ya told ya us chicken neck 82 my ass Or as Alan Brown says 86 my ass, and that's exactly what we're doing Alan You're done you're finito and send out all the emails you want by the way if you like the email Alan Brown say hey loser you guys are losing A brown at 790 the ticket dot com. I'd like to have like several emails From our close personal friends like And somebody else too That required a quick thumb I just want to refresh it one more time. I want to see who's gonna get to 3000 first. Who do you think it'll be? We got 2827 we're almost remember both I had Boy Alan you are you didn't know the way you were up against what you started when you started to put in that being my bonnet Like I'm even putting some blue bonnet on it You don't eat margarine do you I hope no sir real better. Thank you very much. That's it real butter or get some of that makefully butter And any of that is better than margarine. I think margarine's got trans fats done it. Yes, it does ooh Fab why's Alfred those trans fats and those trans fats? two a m l o not there on two I don't think not there. W Q a m h Not there on one mark that one down. Maybe that's unusual W Q a m h l o Okay, you know I happen to be in the office when Mo was renegotiating his contract yeah, and I turned out my voice recorder You want to hear some of it go ahead I think that's the guy with a cop car sound effect. Oh, is it really? Well, I mean he's looking at me. He's a whole great one. Everybody in the day will have like a whole lot more in his His stack and odds are one of them will be funny Well, so far I ain't the doing and well that was like an improvement over the other one over that police I'm always going on the right direction. I'll tell you who this guy is I think it's the guardler Okay, you know, I say that what he say that because because of rare times that he you know He's finally getting the message and every time he does that now I dump it so it doesn't get on the air And he has he has such a desperate need to be on the air that he had to come up with a different stick and I would Said equally as a mute now the garling was funny about for the first 20 years, you know, they talk about That's the one you know the gargers. Yeah, though. That's a younger sounding voice. I think it's a garland Everybody does talk. I don't think it's that guy though. Oh WQAM hello Yeah, I'll go with all right. I love you show me No Yeah, he's kind of money. Yeah No, he's not your old teachers a laptop. Is that great? He's got him a money two and dating Broward I got that story in my pile of I would get to it. I got a lot of good stuff here And I yeah governor's budget was Broward and dated the bottom of the barrel on school spending and it nice Hey, I fat ass governor your mama okay, and by the way your daughter too She's a real rips snorkeh Somebody to QAM hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, good afternoon I was trying to determine is it's Lou and screw in or is that the other one? That's the real Focus Well, there's one Joe's color like He's in history man. Well the screw man. She's long gone. She got the X But then who's the other one that's the noge now the female you talk about? Long the water not see? Yeah Yeah, don't mess with my log Yeah, my name is your mama Well, this guy right in the book he must be writing history because the other day history a QAM is God watch her name I watch this one's name what's our Roman grass watch her email? Maybe it's for his blog. Yeah, maybe he knows a Lyle Fives Probably his boyfriend five so I gotta get to my pile speaking live and tile Let me just be fresh one more time because I want more time because I think we're getting close to 3000 on a QM side What's the this is a very scientific pole in the here old now now that we're getting the real the MS Which of the big two states and do you prefer for sports radio? WKOM 2858 2858 and 790 the ticket has got 2005 82 So we are almost 300 head Let's see 24276 fine good at the math man. I'm good at those numbers good at the numbers Tons of Tony Phil predicts He saw his shadow but it was hard to find a containment of grounded gobler's knob Pennsylvania You're been a gobler's knob No, thank you have been rocking up Where the morning temperature was well above freezing in the ground while you know Wayne Grisky He liked the powder is knob yeah that he have a rocking knob where the morning temperature was well above freezing in the ground How did they hide was expected 48 degrees here? It's the second affair boy in Punks of Tony Pennsylvania It's such a stupid thing they do a brick any other way they shut the is this the how long is this one? I guess if I read the story will find out I mean how how many years is this Punks of Tony Phil how long does a groundhog live anyway? It's he's I don't know hey well I can't be the same freaking groundhog There were few booze at the groundhog's predicted six more weeks of winter but most of the hundreds of rivers instead Turned you into an impromptu Pittsburgh stevers rally. Oh, it's just more weeks of winter. I thought he said it was gonna be a mile winner Fans and football jerseys saying here we go Steelers here we go Steelers here we go, which is pathetic And members of the a Punks of Tony groundhog clubs in a circle the top hadn't exceedowaring Groundhog business game responsible for carrying on the groundhog for this year through black and gold Steelers terrible towels As they waited to row skill from his burrow all we need now is my recovery and bring back Bob Prince dig him up Bob Prince had something to I think it was the green we need if I'm not mistaken It's probably what he died from I actually did it it was the thing for the pirates I believe it was I'm not sure which year was was it 60 or 71 Because they went to the series three times they went all three of them Josh 60 71 79 I reba Adi but it was a Roberto Clemente Do you have any adi what I'm talking about I do really well reprimed over Roberto Clemente? Look good you don't know Bob Prince though. Yeah. I do you do? Yeah, how do you know Bob Prince From working here oh the furry forecast or maybe popular but the series are playing in a super bowl It says it's really about me better but but let's see the National Environment Trust that it's groundhog Super and human will ignore his shadow it reliance that on global warming evidence to forecast an early spring Well there you go. That's the better news in early spring. I don't think we're gonna have no winter here. Hey I don't want to give like a Toronto weather forecast, but it's Sun is starting to like poke its eyes 40 already. It's gonna be 46 here today I do like that on the second of February they're in the drop of they're in the flake is no anywhere Not a flake there's plenty of flakes sitting on the street quarters. They're slipping for money a lot of homeless Spare some change Mr see if you'd say a little bit louder I still wouldn't give you anybody's got yeah, I have a feeling you might get some money Don't say what he said they're too damn polite Just the Toronto effin way man. They're just too Spare some change Mr. Nond haven't I say god bless you a Cedric that's why they're sitting out there with a teeth in a glass There is one lady she's been sitting the same spot ever since I've been up here man air every Salmas every day Either rain or snow or sleep will keep out of her Franchise that she's got she got a certain corner good traffic corner And she probably gets into her Lincoln at the end of the day and the drive home to a fantastic condo Which did it make to stay? Thank you for your first sports radio I'm gonna I would probably get close to 3000 now. What do you say? What do you think? What are thoughts about dessert? Oh How many dessert you guys eating today? Monday we got We got some good stuff coming in order to nice salad from Tony's hasn't gotten for yet. We got you on the baker coming in with pizza and good stuff. I'll for you Which oh I was right which of the big two state you prefer for sports radio the other guys They got 2598 and we got 2913 250 ahead We're gonna be crossing that 3000 of outline any second that's gonna be big news and it'll be on the front page It'll be at the top of their website 2 a.m. bus through the 3000 vote barrier as Neorodges audience of group balls comes to again See you on a mess with me Alan Brown and I'm gonna put you down. You know just like the rock Right right gonna pick you ass up and show you down. I'm gonna put his like Alan Brown probably a front-by God would have burst for this suit Like someone who's this sort of comes used to run around a passion. Remember those plastic people was that one guys name The corporate emailer what that was his name? You know I'm talking about the dealer. Yeah, I didn't want to email me the ratings and email This is back before everybody was emailing anything but this is uh what a plastic jackass Uh at packs and yeah, oh, I'll think of his name. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, it looked like oh my god What are you talking about with less of a tent water collection? What are I mean you think we got a bunch of strange people Which we doing including us by me good god good golly Miss Molly whether it another Gary? Hi, you're asking me yeah, I think it was hey Gary you fair. Got a nice ring to it But boy they sure had they had the or all those reformed Alky's running around with a big two-liter bottles of die coke right and then they had Tommy Kramer Old white here Tommy Kramer with the Iran and Ron gang who never did drugs in the six months and somebody is and told us about it every day See when somebody goes out of the way to say to me I never stole a freight train I start waiting I run here the train was starting out the counten that's right Hey finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable on demand is easy to use in his last for you to love And today you can try for only 3499 a month or three months Like a TV so much better with on demand will I'll tell you for stories you can watch a wine variety of movies and shows But everyone it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so With programming including free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvements shows Good-tarlas and lots more you're always gonna have something good to watch right whatever you want to watch it And don't forget about control with on demand you can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using your remote You can get all these things with satellite with up to take camping with satellite, but you can with us with up to 250 channels plus on demand You can go to your own TV schedule who could ask for more and best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable So pick your show times pick your seat sit back and you'll wonder how you ever manage without it call today ordered Comcast digital cable needs to be over the power of on demand for just 3499 a month or three months in day call 305 Comcast and in 9-5-4 Comcast Here s meal Roger this his five six and two Fucking in and hold it I I can't get to the quarry. I'm just a little bit sad. Shut up, or go, go, go, go, go, go, go. If you think that's funny, I'm a little less on you. I'm just kidding. Shut up, I'm listening. You're the best in the world, Miss B. That's right, I'm just hanging. Go, go, go. I've cast my check and bought a boy, Yuri. Oh, I'd want to with a great big fancy. I've got some expensive, all the way. Yeah, I need to get some. Come on, all your rates and people, they're in. You can't imagine that she's been hooked on. I just organized a party. I put barfones on my baggy, check it and dance. I may have one pain in the grave, and I cast up by my own pizza. But just, it's so good on this knee. Now that poker kids this knee, I just show them a thing. I got it. It's 12.15. We ought to do a quick poll on that, you know? They're being made of all my stir or not, I see. I mean, I don't know, because what we got on now is like, we've all been dull for more. We got to be lonely. What we got tomorrow? What can they compare it to then? You miss them as opposed to any of the other guys or what? You know, I don't know. You miss them more than what? I miss them more than death. I'm old enough. How about you, you miss them? No. All right, because you're in the bubble of time. You know, you get out of here. You never saw. I remember that when you were in Texas office, you guys were singing dirty jokes and bonding and slapping each other on the ass and just being high-fiving and low-fiving. Every once in a while we would, you know, have seen how many of you guys are in the hall by that, you know? I never listened to the show, so I don't miss them. Well, that's bad. That's personal. Sam and I ask you on a personal one. I personally know I don't listen to any of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest. Absolutely. What do you say? I don't listen to any of the rest of the stage. You're hated him. Just because he tried to get your ass fired, I said you were stupid. Yeah, well, he had a point. Well, look who we work for, okay? Joyce. Keep in mind, we do work for Joyce. I mean, you know, some of the other people, I know what he said. He's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid. Oh, I see. That's one of my problems. 3,000 and 19 votes for her. Are we kicking their fat ass or what? Huh? Man. 3,019 her audience is really coming through true and blue. You never thought they would do it, did you? Oh, of course I thought they are kicking their ugly smelly nasty, Alan Brown ass. And there's nothing worse than an Allen ass. 3,019 to 26,019, and sounds like 400 trees will lead for us. And pull it away. So you're increasing it. Even the dibole people, I don't know. I, it's easy for me to say that, but look what happened on Tuesday. The same time when Allen Brown, downtown Allen Brown, put up his memory of desperation, and they started creeping all over the place. They sent out all their memos to everybody in the yellow pages, the white pages, the blue pages, the grid, the goiam pages. Yeah, how's that Christian wrestling come about away? Can we look that up in the Christian yellow pages? Okay. Yeah. Christian, how about the Christian white pages? How about the satanic yellow pages? Oh, I love those. This is my favorite. Maryland Mansons on every page. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, see if they'd be more worried about Charles Manson and Maryland Manson, then maybe they'd be on something. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil. I certainly didn't tell me the truth. It's moving the gun. What do you mean by that? Maybe I just heard that some people said I thought it hurt. Where have you been? I was been off. He's been eight young and they paid him to go away. He had too much left on his deal. I was in my bag. Okay. There's our first response to our talk question about it. Oh my god. It sounded to me like he was, yes, it did sound like that. You're peeling his body parts with this. Yeah. Good. Good. We don't think they say it for a few fits. So maybe we should take like an instant pull us not to that. That would be like a rubbing salt and mose wound. And especially when Dick Stockton was ripping him this morning, he didn't actually say it, but he could tell, you know, hates him like poison. Man, he was just chuckling and churling about mose muscratt. W2QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Did you see the five, did you see QAM? Five, 60 QAM, the place, the place for steak. Our weapon trying to get in touch with Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yep. Oh, dude. You got to play that Jim Manditch. All right. When he does the covers of the song. Well, let's see. I'm not sure what this Manditch part, one of Manditch part two. But I don't know what if I haven't heard part two or say how about Bob both. You haven't heard part two. You want this part and you got it? The Manditch August back singing more to him on the Manditch sing. On the two. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, over the brink. It's back pairing off with the great singing more and again with the four big stars. The Manditch August does a ball. Baby. In the face of our lives. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It's an all new British Invade with the Mad Dog singing like a man. I like the magic. I like it. I like it. The truth is finally out that Jim Manditch was truly the fifth people. I'm getting in love and we're getting in love. Oh, yeah. You want to love the Mad Dog? Yeah, yeah. You want to love the Mad Dog? Yeah, yeah. And now you're hasn't stayed. You always have me say you don't be a mad dog. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Here's a bad dog and you're in a changed route to the King. Hey, oh, this. No, man. It's all right. It's all right. The Mad Dog was just a little endivalent. But we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not. I don't fix it. So we had moved the Ratsy family a little visit. And tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract. That's one of the fifth few. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And it's six. Oh, you do. A little bit out if you won't quickly. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my. But I was just a very good pass. Thirty five. Oh, my God. Why? What is that? Jit. Christ. Huh. Oh, thank God. A measure of three. Like it really means something. The only reason I'm doing it like I said is to piss off Alan T. Brown. The Vice President Communications for Sports Talk. $7.90 to ticket. Across the street. The budget pretenders, the guys who are leasing the radio station because they got a couple of guys who got rich Danny's. $500 votes ahead. That's pretty scary. $27.00. $5.60. WQAM, the Emerald Coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian-Gormer buffet, as rated by the US. Now, every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast you can enjoy lobster fest featuring delicious main lobster served thermator style. And every night at the Emerald Coast is cramped as to the last can still crab legs. Dung in his crab and Jonah Stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and an amazing sushi bar with over 30. $0.30. Yeah. Oh, geez. That's awesome. Different items. The Emerald Coast also served in your state-to-side. The Emerald Coast also served in your state-to-see and elicis-coord order. And I mentioned that I expired or something. I thought we lost the money. I thought we lost the money. So I didn't hear the, not the money. Just the line drop down. The Emerald Coast also served in your state-to-state just the way you like them. And juicy and tender and delicious in hand-carp Vermeb and Zidian's a fresh delicious delights too. And on the weekend for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain, the hand-dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, other deck and treats. There's shove those babies right in there and mung jamangia. Now through February the 5th which is what they, it's Saturday Sunday. Okay. After the weekend comes celebrate the Chinese New Year with the Emerald Coast featuring Rose Duck, crispy chicken, sweet and sour fish and roasted suckling pig every night. The Emerald Coast has three convened locations to serve you for you. You want to pick out this in the place. You're in sunrise, Sunday, I was reaching Pembroke Pines. Reservation suggested called the Emerald Coast at 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.22. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. As I've been everywhere, man, I've been everywhere. I've been the Reno's Dark O'er, men are so above-lover on so much loose. That's what the winter comes, though. I'm looking at the found among Maddo and Laugh. We're going to now carry on. And over home, and Arizona, I know it's a gun. I know it's a gun. And the Texas is the New York. I see this. I see this. I see this. I see this. We're going to California. Let's see it. We're going to South Florida. I know it's a gun. I know it's a gun. I see this. I see this. I see this. I know it's a gun. I know it's a gun. I know it's a gun. It's the most tough thing to do these years. I know it's a gun. We're going to California. And Texas. Santa Picaula, Houston Blender, and Black Waffle, and Ruckoff. Pregnant in South Florida. I see this. I see this. I see this. I see this. I see this. I see this. I see this. I'll be there for you. I see this. I see this. And I see this. I see this. I see this. You come, Holly. You're the man. Right? Let's go. Let's go. I'll go back to home. I'm going to come. I'm going to go back to home. Come from 2 to 28 to 11 and 5, 60 WQA, I'm going to say. I'm going to say great Thursday, February 2th, the sun is shining, man, the birds are doing. Hey, by the way, if you see a bird, right, might have to den birb through, man. You gotta get them before they get us. Who has the least self respect? We gotta shout at the thousand on our own poll today, okay? Well, we are just kicking some big smelly bloody butt, you know? Right. On the other pole, we're like almost 600 votes ahead. Here's the, uh... We're almost 600 ahead. What does that? That's really close, B. Who is the least self respect? We got 801, that sounds like a lot of fun, and if we get like about 8 to 75 by the top of the hour, we got that baby lit. Colin Powell, 145, what a disgrace. He holds up a little vile. I was one of the vile stacks I have ever seen in my life at the UN. That was funny. I look at the answer, actually. I was in the, I lean him and, uh, cocker right is, and all the other garbage. And you're right. What a jackass. What a sellout. I hate this poll 133 is tied with importantly level 133, I say, a definite correlation. Periscillten 110, where she's on all the polls, I ain't you. Yeah, well, we're, we're, we're tinkling in the taxi cab that doesn't indicate a whole lot of a self respect. The queue has a sports stamp. We don't want it. We don't want it. We'll leave it all to the old equine, every queen ten to go because we don't want it. 92, you know. I don't understand it. I mean, it says for fun. It's certainly like a little change of pace of the lower sight, a little pizzazz, you know, spice it up a little bit, baby. Spice it up, get out some muscle and throw and stick it in there. Spice it up, little oregano. At least, for ten days oregano. Matt, bud, she's got 49. You're fairery. Self-hating queen. Ron's Jeremy 43. Look at Jack Gabriel off. He's got a thousand minutes. I think he's what he's going to get about 25 to 30. Democrats 27. They ought to be doing better than that. That was a good choice, whoever called it, and Democrats have no self-respect. He's most of them. They're so for the F from a million. Just moments ago. That's the one. Robert Downey, junior 19, Jose Consocco 14, and Alan T. Brown, has got six. How do you like that? I bet I know who they are, too. Gooshambe, Joe Rose, Stu Gats, Joel Feinberg, Howard Davis, and Mark Hockman. That's right. He should have seven. He's also who's there by Reggers. You're a step brother. That's dad. Greg Kote is doing a web pool on radio wars in South Florida. He's looking for your favorite, at least David Hose. Please vote and let's crush the QAM. Here's the link he writes on his stupid ass email. Tuesday at 123 after I was crushing their ugly nasty ass laden with all kinds of people that don't belong in here to say hello or goodbye. Well, maybe the goodbye part. God, toast and this one. All the retards, man. Sydney Rosenberg, who down I'm a skick-out of the studio. And they sit down here for rehab or whatever. Real swill. Have a swill day, Alan. And then he's got this Alan T Brown. And he's got the blog, you know, the link to it. Alan T Brown VP of communications, sport, thought, 790. The ticket. And, you know, with the number in the, a, a, a brown is 790 ticket, et cetera. Pretty sad. That, that by the way is his office number. I wouldn't give anybody's home number on a year. But that's his office. Who had a call on his press, you know, condolences for the fact we're going to kick their ass. Now that I'm on the case. Which of the big two states to be a preferred for sports radio of 3271 for QAM at 2641 for? So 90 the ticket. How do you like that? That sounds like 600 and guess how many? But 30 man. 630 vote lead. And we won't be gunned if I know. I'll say. I don't care about working with a bunch of pansies. Let me know. We don't want to stand up for ourselves. Who want to let the other guys make us look like a bunch of trained monkeys in the newspaper. Like I said before, granted it's all bogus and it's just for fun. But people believe what they're reading the newspaper even I heard all that. I know that comes with shocked and most of you. People see something in print and they say, oh, did you know that? Wow, it's in the paper must be true. So therefore, if we just sit back and let these guys pretend, which we know it's just a pile of crap, pretend that they're kicking our ass. It's not good for business. It's not psychologically good. And I for one, even though I don't do a stupid ass sports show, can you imagine if I was on there? Not that I want to pat myself on the erectory. They were kidding you. Imagine my god Alan Brown. He'd be, he'd be doing a Tom like this. He'd get in the card for it morning and high tailed right out of town. Well, Alan Brown with the windows up, not down. He'd be rolling around with his windows up. Anyway, so Alan Brown's got six, but I'm sure he's working on that. Get goose him up a little bit. Thanks by the way, Joe Rose, we're bringing up the email by that. That didn't inspired me. Otherwise, we wouldn't even waste it our time with this, right? Because I was just ignoring it. And of course, when they know I'm not going to read those stupid comments and I, you know, people who write comments to blogs and who go into chat rooms and message rooms, all of this stuff, those people are the ones that need to be locked away far from the rest of us. Because they are really, I have no life. Tragic, best bread. Except of course, if they happen to be friends of ours. You know what I'm saying? Right. Well, like for example, like him. Now, I, in fact, I'm quite proud of him for putting that on there about 400 times the Shaw's stupid, the whole thing that wasn't the first place that comments. You have comment on my ass. But as, is that Christiana Mampur, who says the words that is asked you and a wreck is a nightmare? And what they're what are we doing there? I always hated her like, boys, but I'm saying, look, look at that. She's wearing wooded shade. Look at that. She's saying, maybe changing the tool. Not going to be back on again. I'll look at all the getks. They've got nice oranges over there, though. There she is. She's sitting on the floor on it flying carpet. Look at like a real getky with a green schmoth on her head. She got that 400 year old Iraqi guy says, oh, hey, what are you doing? Here, I'll ready to go away. By the way, I got a thugster from Canada. Try to email him his hands again. Once the other website. And I tried to email him in my email got bounced. So there you go, Ken. Well, what do you mean email got bounced? He wants to know our website? No, no, the website where he can go and vote. Oh, the money here. Well, let me tell you right now. Just go to mamihero.com and on the front page on the internet. About two thirds of the way down on the bottom right hand side. You'll see blogs. And it's a day very blog on here, which nobody would read that. And none of that is red coat. And what does it call? What does he call it like a retardo evidence of random evidence? Random evidence blogbos. And he click on that baby. And then he's got a thing there, a song to dance. And then one more really concentrate. Now you can certainly vote for Mad Dog or Hank or whoever. But the one more really concentrating on. Because they like, they just loaded it up. Thanks to this funny email. You know, Ken, all their executives, and all their pons, and the janitor, and all their kids. That's actually not understand. They were circulating that all the schools. You know, most of the kids have got computers now. And they were circulating in the schools with instructions where to click. Let's see. What is this now? Tafscan. What is one of the three pages that I sent you. The other two pages are the numbers that they wrote on there. So you only need that one. Now who's this from? I'll read the top there. Stop playing in the hurricanes. What does that mean? I obviously it's from that other station or something. Or somebody in the hurricanes. For your loudspeaker. For your loudspeaker. Or you've been five years in spring. Or this is from across the street. Oh, your TSL went down and you're turnover. Yeah, you know something we still had a 607 or an amount of day when they were there. One nine. How do you like that? Apple sweet heart. See, I got the monthly's already. You give me a big son of dance. Yeah. For all five six and in November we had a three six. To stop. Oh, I see. I thought we're talking about the team. Stop playing in the hurricane my ass. And did not actually go on here. See, I don't play games with the numbers. Did I say that they might have been as well off the year and they were during some of November. Did I say that? When he had zero point. Oh, oh, oh, whatever. I said that. But no. This is from Rosen and Rosen PA. Who must be somebody's boyfriend over there. Send me a bunch of crap. Like, this is supposed to prove something to me. And this writing looks awfully familiar to me. Looks awfully awfully familiar. I don't know. Well, what's that? Brower number on there and the upper, uh, How must be Rosen Rosen PA? I wouldn't have that. They're, they're, well, guess what? You mama's so softness business about your TSA as the big deal. TSA, of course, you went down because everybody's trying to put their life back together again. You idiots. Yeah, you think I got one month they're claimed to fame there. Just like last April. Oh, we're going to kick their ass 18 to the 34. You guys think that you can like talk talk yourself into it. It ain't going to happen. How many years have I been saying that now? Talk yourself into having big numbers. Either you got them or you don't. And you guys don't. You had a couple of bogus months there. Very suspect. And anybody that's going to use the fall book as evidence of anything is going to be a lunatic. That would be like us saying, well, look at November. They had a, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, yeah, so big deal. I might as well have been off the year. Could I have a listen to them when they're trying to save their life from the hurricane. Or find water where all of these things, huh? In fact, quite frankly, we didn't do all that bad in November compared to what it could have been. Who the hell was getting dire reason? Who's getting any mail? Who was sending out an email? Most most people had bigger fish to fry. Okay. See you didn't try to talk yourself into where like, eh, like, not this fast. Look at the tone of it. You're like, the slapping in the old geez. Oh, I'm not going to recover from that. Yeah, mama. Okay. You guys aren't fool us. I got a six point eight, which, you know, and all that great. We had a seven-sum in October. And they had a one-nine. Is that close? Is that something a contest to you? Hey, stop taking the police. In sandals on their day, and we'd day along with Moses and Abraham's Solomon, they still don't get to do a number. So, quick give me a shout-out answer about your T. I said, well, what'd I have up yours? That must be from Alan Bukhi Brown. And by the way, I got wrote on this code, wrote in a good at kick your ass. 33. Oh, this is what they're upset about. Yeah. They're crying over there because now we got 3367 votes from our fine lawyer audience. And they got 2646. We're only like almost there. We're 721 votes ahead. How do you like that? All right. If they've already exhausted the whole audience and all their relatives and all the employees and the janitors in laws, that's it. You lose. That's it. For them to be given me a written lecture about ratings. Oh, my God. You know something seriously? That would be like parents giving a seminar on programming. You know, you follow what I'm saying? What do you say? It would be just the most locomotion. Be like Greg Leigh being a radio consultant. 1242 at 560, WDQM would be a live near downtown for a Saturday or not. I want to tell you about a fabulous restaurant that's worth the drive anywhere in South Florida. First take in lobster house. You'll find on the 17th week. Clauseway. You'll find terror. She'll be there. Almost in the agreed and guests at her new 200th restaurant at Lounge. Probably bringing East Coast residents to the same fantastic terror dining experience that earns her Markle Island restaurant near perfect marks and that most important is a Gatsurve. And also a one spectator ward. Excellent. Winelist. Now, boasting over 381 selections from the world's greatest wine regions. The main attraction. No. Terror. Stake in lobster house. They can store they. They can store them. The main attraction. Stay left. There's someone to mix the water with, a misair.olly force. The cheese. There's someone to mixed together. Heones. There's a Fox. Heones. The launchers have prepared steam, world-stepped, cramping, whatever you like, or with a filet for the ultimate surf and turf. And now being stone crab season terror are quickly becoming the stone crab house, too. No need to fight traffic to mind me to get those jumbo sweeties, but make sure to reserve an advance because they go mighty fast. Don't miss Tara's happy hour if he Monday through Friday with two-for-one special de-drinks, or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 530 to 730 when he stayed for dinner. Tara's taken a lobster house at 1430, southeast 17-speed causeway in Fort Lauderdale, in Colton Lake Reservations at 9504, 765-6202. That's 9504, 765-6202, or visit their website at terroristadecousem. Let me say it again, a little confusing here. Terrorstick and lobster house.com is all on word of course. Terrorstick and lobster house.com and don't forget when a subject is great steak, everybody will be raving about terrorists. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162Face. By the way, I'd rather have a long day. I'm going to scream at my mouth. Tara's great. Oh, he's taking it. He's taking it. Or he's taking it. Or he's taking it. He's taking it. And the more the altitude that's the altitude that's the altitude that's the altitude that's the distance from the 12-day altars, the more far the more beautiful they go, and Brazil. And there's Lenny Pipe-a-Rou dziaant, and there's this game called generalaina, anti-D methane poses. In exc I made suit. Oh, in Linej noise, there's this design. They're playing excess air on the Nectrorquist, D Deb. But left side behind. Personally, what's the most important point for today? Well 47, they got a 3-5 and he's similar to Paulinger as profusely because I actually wed dug in because I like to get it right, I don't just line making numbers up. We had a 6-8 in December, they had a 3-5 to knit 2. You'll never hit that number again. And by the way, they're like the listenership, and way down from November to December. Way, way down. Although they were average quarter hour went from a 0.3 to a 3-5. And I told where we had a 7-4, they had a 1-4. That's pretty tight in it. Hey, stop blaming the hurt. In November, we had a 3.1 in midday because of the hurricane and it's not blaming any man. They had a 0.3. Maybe they'd like to say that was an accurate number. Okay? We'll be more than happy to give you full credit for that. Brown and Brown and Rosen and Rosen and whoever you folks are. And Zola, fine-berg. And then December 6-8 to 3-5. They'll never see that number again. If they lived to be 50,000 years, just as bogus is last April. You know, places like that, they get a few fire diaries. Sprets it when we turn on. And let me say it again. November and December, much more thrown down the toilet. When you think that would be a high priority and most people's agenda is filling out radio diaries all the time. Or maybe they're like trying to put the roof back under how it's good be. But what do we know about you? Give me a give me a lecture on ratings, man. You guys are kicking our ass. We're going to have 3471 for us in 2016, 60 for it. Let's go to show you what about your winers there. Some schmuck sends me a fax. Give me a lecture about your Blankhol listenership when, ah, yeah. Like I said, probably most living and breathing people are out there trying to put their life back together again. And by the way, what was our like to listen to ship again? Yeah, that's going to be. Oh, and he said, what's on was it? It was six hours. There's with five hours. Himala. Big deal. Never less. Yeah, here's another ratings may of an old Joel, fineberg sitting there. What are we going to do? They're kicking our ass on that pool and Rogers. Got them all with the eagle sea. You'll see. In fact, I got news for you, man. Joel, fineberg, and Alan T. Brown. And who's the element over there? Because if we beat you in this pool since you're so whipped up about it, you all, all you guys should retire. When you think, right, whip your ass, retire. Or, because we gave you the big handy, can't because our guys are like me in line. Okay, so I'm going to bat for everybody else. Which of the big two stations do you prefer for sports radio get Greg Cody a very important blog in the world? A million important thing. Everybody's life depends on him, I guess, according to the way they're responding. We got 26,65, the losers, and we got 35,22. We're like pull up to 1,000 votes ahead. And that's why they're rattling their spirits and sending his faxes with numbers in your, yeah, I got news for you. When a bunch of amateurists are sending me song and advance about ratings in South Florida, that's got to be one of the most important news in things I've ever heard. That would be like guilty giving me a seminar on voice lessons. Like, we did cause big, give me a seducation lesson. See how big I've been electrocution lessons at pitch. Anyway, what do I get whipped up on? I don't know. Just kind of, so silly, you know, so obvious, so transparent that they're looking their wounds now, now that the king came on a year and kicked their ass today. Put them back where they belong down and down in the sewer. Somebody, Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, me, I know a money. All right, pal. Two things, man. I don't know how you do it. You got so much patience. I mean, for two years you were doing screen risk. I would be going crazy when these people caught up in it. Yeah, it could be two years after a lot longer than that, I think. Yeah, longer. And it can be called. Can I see something you're wrong as with? Yeah. Let me know. What do you say? That's the joy to audience. You have people being as stupid as they possibly can. That's what makes it so interesting. And that's why that's why we're publicly going in the state. That's right. Listen, for a whole, you know, you were talking about mo. How does that sport to guys that ever left Q and a.m. You like the mo. Who you missed the mo. So he didn't know that would be Joe Rose. Yeah, I don't go away. But he thought it'd be a concept. Yeah, I mean, he told me. I mean, I'm going to say how much you pay to make that call. Default talk about corn. Even our general man, he said to me, he said, boy, even though I would, they don't go to go to the corn act. We don't want to default. OK, old and worn out rehashed. Like old, soggy remashed taters. I'm saying. What do you say? I would wish there were time taken to play. There would be like taking a poll. What did you think of this? Yeah. Oh, they would agree on that. Are you eating again? I'm eating now. The food just showed up. From where? Tony's. I'm having a night. Oh, right. Thank you, Brad. There's a good guy, man. Doesn't bug anybody. You know, I encountered Brad. I was wrapped my beautiful vet on the, by the stadium there. Go to work one day. Maybe I was going home. And I was a pain the tool. And I, do you pay the tool going out? Yeah, I guess you do. And he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he's Brad from telling me. He's, uh, thanked him profusely. And he didn't even bug me or anything like, hey, pull over. I have a big chat for half an hour. You know, good guy. Doesn't come in here like, try to monopolize the whole place. Speaking of a vet, I, uh, I drove a buddy of mine's dad's vet. Now, do you have the, uh, the sweet little hologram that shows like the, the spedometer on your window? The hood. The front. Yeah, because that, they've had that for long things. I'm going to call the hologram. It's called a, what's on the neck? I call it display a hood. Yeah, yeah, heads up display. Well, anybody, yeah. That's up. Yeah, right. That's it. Oh, yeah, the display several model. I think since 2004, we've had that. Or three, even. Now, what year, what, what, what, what, what was this you were driving? This is a brand new one. Oh, the brand new one, 2006? Yeah, he, we saw, I was, I got that 2005 with the keyless entry in the whole deal. Mm-hmm. Right? Well, this one's keyless too. Well, I would think so. I mean, if it's a 2006, why would they go back to stick in the key in the dough? I mean, it's kind of like, or even cooking that button? Now, do you open your doors too by the push of the button? You don't have to push any button. As long as you, as long as you have to get a pocket. The approach. As long as you have that maybe in your pocket, the pocket rocket, it opens. And now you get in there and you put your foot on a break and you hit the button and it starts to start. So I'm talking about for your door. How to tell you. What did I just get through so far? Okay, and as you were pro, as long as the key is in your pocket, the key to your beautiful corvette or your friends, of course, beautiful corvette, the door will open as you approach. As you get within the door will open and somebody will shoot. No wonder they don't want to give them that raise. So you like it, huh? What's that to like? Exactly. It's like a fast catalach. Am I right? It's a lot better than that. That's not what I'm saying. It's just, I'm talking about the ride. Smooth as can be. See, people think of corvettes and I think like back to the old, like, you know, even the old, uh, 60, 768, which were beautiful cars, but many ran really rough or like your ass dragon on the ground. 35, 99, do you know if I refresh it again? I guarantee you, I'll bet your Robert Creepers life on it. We got at least 3600. 3608. And they got 2681. We're all more closing in on a thousand vote lead. And they're giving me a seminar on ratings and like the list new ship and by the band. You know, you can take numbers and you can make all kinds of chapel liberal, the minute can slice them up and try to prove something by one month. One month or two months doesn't make a career. It doesn't make a lifetime. It doesn't make an audience. It doesn't make something that agencies are real people want to buy. Okay. People want to do a reach an audience. They want to move, spit off the shelf. That's why people advertise. Not because they like sniffing somebody's jacks, threat. They used to play ball at semi-literate. That's not what it's all about. Man, who the hell do you guys kidn over there? See, they really think that they can, they're going to come in like a, elephant in a china shop, you know, and they're going to like force their way through a marketplace. We got that dolphins. We got all a Joel Fineberg, that he's money and Stu got his debt. We're going to, yeah, these are guys who all used to work in a station. Most of them. Mark Eisenberg, he flopped even a midday, even with the juicing toast and omelette. He flopped in midday. Mark Eisenberg, even over nice, you couldn't keep a job. That's the kind of great town they got. Stu got's. Who used to be, you know, just a shrub there. He used to go for there at 2 a.m. Now, he's a general manager. General manager. Totally, and that would be like, parents being our program director. That's our ridiculous studies. What else do they got? Who, who they got the engines, Saladkin? Well, who, who is that kid? You know, Josh? No, this is neither p, I know that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's boog's producer. Yeah. Well, that's boog's buddy, yeah. And the poor booster, man. Hey, everybody. I'm just like a lot of sub-sports here. Come on, man. It's all the fish. I still say he wouldn't take the mess. I mean, he's such a smart. I used to, you know, I mean, not that I dislike him, Randy, but I used to have such high feeling for his future, but he just don't get it, you know. I mean, what is there to like about being stuck at a horseball station? It's got no numbers. It's going to go nowhere. And eventually they'll finally, why won't we, won't be at frequency no more. And, you know, then we're doing like the 6 games here on ESPN. It is about FODY. They're about FODY? Yeah. Well, I was in the best. I actually like him a lot. Good guy. I mean, he said, his only problem is you know what they say about kids getting him with the wrong company? Nope. Him and LeBaster. He hangs out with the wrong crowd. Here's one who says, I do miss them all. They will. The voice of the South Florida mentality. Ha ha ha ha ha. This is beautiful. He says he was a miserable bastard with stab as best friend in the back. And that is if he had one. I never will forget when he called the other sports station and told me, listen to their show. But other than that, he's a pretty nice guy. Where is he now? He's a hot-room-tank off of Dick Stockton. And that's right. Maybe he could have fought fill in some days in his old times. Like, that's not how things have been in the first. I don't think that's in the old made. I wouldn't be surprised. That's going to be next. They're going to have like, we just filled the whole thing I old made turn around TV with the golden, the golden. I wish that that. That's going to be good. Do you have a two? Let's see. I got a two and a one. They're going to turn both of loose in a minute. Sixty three, I've been 49 total hosts. We got 36, 61. They got 26, 80, and that's not the correct number. Let me refresh. Can we refresh him? What am I? 36, 65, 26, 88. We're like a 20-peavote shy of a thousand. Well, I think that can be corrected just during this next break. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5, 16, 21, 21. But it's the one to do our. Have you always wanted to learn to dance? If you've ever imagined yourself gliding effortlessly across the floor with your partner in your arms while having the time of your life, then let Master P show you the way. You will learn to judge our backs up, while rumble with them. Teach you, man. Master P creates learning experience that encourages and allows students to realize their full dancing potential and an open and friendly atmosphere. Actually, our day is to get freaks. Now pay attention. Move your feet around a little bit. Okay, that's too much. Don't move the way you're had. I don't have a hat. I don't have a hat. I don't have a hat. Move your feet around a little bit. Okay, not that too much. But, they have a what I do like it. I've been barely moving. Barely moving. That's not dancing. Barely moving. Where do you have? I don't know. But you're not dancing. Where do you have? The idea is that a ballroom dance specialist with a mission of making dancing fun, enjoyable and rewarding. If you're striving to become a confident social dancer or a competitive ballroom dancer, Master P will provide you with highly specialized and personalized ballroom dance lessons. The Master P, you ain't. All right, so the first time you can't, man. I don't have a hat. Let's up with a shoe you wear. They're dance shoes. Oh, you don't wear dance. You wear sneakers. sneakers? Well, why would I wear sneakers? Brother Gomi called wearing dance shoes. You mean fairs naked then, where's your hat? I don't have a hat. Don't bet all Master P. Master P's ballroom dance school is now accepting the students. From automation, go to MasterP'sGoot Dance.com. Are you sure to decide to do the shot shot? Man, I'm gonna have to want to forget it. Yeah? Where's your hat? I don't have a hat. How many times have to tell you? No longer allowed to come to my school. Oh, why not? You don't have a hat. Why do I need a flipping hat? Jump in. And let's go. Show yourself the end. The kit the outfit in the poolates. Right now, there's a 10. engine in the distal. Why, I should make a move at the top. And I'm about to finish this, oh, well, V. And she was about to change it. Okay. But everybody, we're talking about the spirits in our eyes. Oh, we're talking about the physical lights. Well, we're going to startnn it. We noticed we're not supposed to show the glasses off. I don't have no glasses in between. I just looked at that fact again, which the writing was awfully familiar that rose in rose and crap with the numbers Yeah, oh, all we had was a seven oh a seven oh and men in the summertime when you're like on three times a week And we're number one Shame on you George. I know it's okay. Yeah, the day that they got a seven-shere in anything over there They would be like running around naked in the streets like screaming and yelling like a bunch of crazed Indians Yeah Who the hell are these people kidding? Oh, you only had a seven in the summer Yeah, let me say it again take out the no-vember the bogus a month of the hurricane And we got a seven one and the other two months in man and we would be number one because if you take out that bogus a month A I would eat it. We still kick their ass But nevertheless don't confuse people with effects because you know what they say numbers was that old saying about fool me once 895 votes who has the least self respect colon power one 61 all roll in power Some people how he was gonna be president until he held up that vile I hate this pool 149. Well, you mama Courtney love 144 Paris held in 125 the QM sports dad We don't want a 96 wait till we get your rose back man. He's gonna book the rest in the shape Matt bud. She's got 51 votes you fairy the Democrats 45 Spiramless gotless Platformless You ever have them platformless shoes? I'm worth some of their lime Jeremy 44 jack a while 34 Jose Conceco 20. Oh, Jose can you see man? You are pathetic Lions sack of garbage. Do we have a street we do have a street named after him? Don't we in somewhere in Dave County? Jose Conceco and things up yeah, yeah, what a disgrace Of course we also get out there got free road one of the most virulent anti-Semites in world It's only appropriate that he should have a street Miami beach where all the Jews used to live named after him Maybe in sunrise like they can have a hundred camera highway idiotic, but that's our Florida for you know massacists Robert County Junior 19 and Allen T Brown downtown Allen Brown C. F. T. Solument DC at the seven votes small potatoes like Frankie Pintangeli small potatoes We got you down Allen Brown and that's where you're going straight down in the toilet Yeah, you guys are slipping in you did it that looks like a P. Lennies right I have rang to me as matter of fact There's an awful familiar the writing on that facts look at it It does I'm gonna save it and be a guy. I mean I know it's those rosin and rosin, but in fact We get it seems to me that we would get in fact this from rosin rosin for a year, so maybe it's somebody you know who went over there Went on the other side Let's see we got about a thousand oh yeah thousand in the 56 37 66 to 27 10 We're thousand 56 votes at 56 you got that the thousand 15 six as in like you I am okay. Let me get to my podcast. I'm dilly down with this craft today, but you know what I want I'm nice of a lot of people I don't want I want to stick at home Especially after I see this bogus email Let's whip everybody up and let's get a lazy chain go and let's say yeah, let's crush Q a M crush this. Okay That yeah, this To God good eyesight Marvel's president David Samson who made non-committal about the team's huge right-spirited jackass and a speech yesterday And a greater my maintainer commerce lesson at Pairachumble Washington for the nationals makes what we're offering look full hearty the Marlins could leave we hope not to Now there's obviously a sentence missing there because and it's not my it's not my fact It's just very in the hero leg is But Samson also said I'm getting a generator because that's how much I'm staying I'm not selling my home I don't plan ever moving all Well, that's good news for a judge Who's eating right now, probably? No, I'm done. Are you really? Yeah, I think so. That's what Clarence said He said owner Jeffrey Loryer called him out the way the luncheon and said what are you gonna say? Are you gonna win for them that if they don't get a stadium built the team is gonna leave? Are you gonna win for them that if they don't come to the games the team is gonna leave? Are you gonna win for them the contribution from the team is the fourth largest mystery of baseball in a market that's never proven to be completely baseball friendly I said I probably would not mention those things said David and Delilah Samson's exactly he doesn't understand people saying that stadium we would have gotten done if someone else were in charge I'm thinking to myself is it me is it us is it the concept or Maybe it's just the emotional part of sports and government helping what they perceive to be rich people while Wayne He's pretty rich and John Henry's pretty rich, and they didn't get a stadium What does that mean? Does that make any sense in that kind of like reverse logic? Pretty much like arguing against his own point I don't get that talk about stupid the marlins will kick off their annual care of man Monday In key largo and Alamurada. I'm actually Joshua be there Nope, oh the weeklong of that which you also include stops in Naples, or you could go over and see Joyce As well as locations in Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties will come on a their off-peller 11th with fan fest at Gothen Stadium That will use to be pp park and still should be players coaching and should be Joe Ravi Stadium is what it should be players coaches start off as executive is Billy the Marlin and the more maids will appear It stops along the way Billy the Marlin now that's John Ruth that's the guy I was trying to remember they used to be the hurricane mascot Taki in the where he was South Carolina What that was he called with the hurricane? He's only even though. Yeah. I don't I mean I told you he's but that's John Ruth that's Billy the Marlin You don't know him. I do well Isn't that the guy? I'll have to ask him. I don't know ask him and say hey, do you know a doll fan Denny and he'll just puke A doll fan Denny there's a real piece of work. He's a piece I think he borrowed that red nose from patch atoms again. West you've been getting around lately He hasn't And Joe Rose is by the way who you guys kidnobody or Rosen and Rosen got another email from Joe Which of the big two stations view for for sports radio WQAM 3818 790 to ticket 2725 almost an 1100 he left not 100 vote lead. It is comical is it? Pretty much well, that's cuz I put the pedal to the metal baby. I put the gauntlet down whatever gauntlet is Like one of them old fashioned things they used to use in the torture chambers probably a abugar Right, that's right. I want him steal gloves Isn't that a gauntlet? So we got a free lunch in there today. Everything is looking up we're finally turned around after a couple of cloudy days Both cloudy in here all thanks to whoever sent this wonderful email to us this morning It inspired us to kick some big fat disgusting phony ass phony is a 45 dollar bill. I'm gonna be surprised if that's fat boys ready Right, but he'd be doing that. Well, it's just because it's him, you know that is Always got his always got his fat fingers in everybody's face 912 votes an hour full. We're gonna get to that thousand by two a plank. We're gonna have like a Zillion vote lead on him What could be greater than this one a day and We would all do that dwindling on the arraggers audience, but there's one thing I really worry about my life. It's the cleaning rating Oh god I just don't of course that I go to the bank and at the small income of mine. How am I gonna stretch it out over last six months of my life? You know whatever I left. I don't know what a joke better budget those game. I better start budgeting it out man What a what a freaking idiot whoever sent that thing from rose and you ought to call them up rosin rose and find out who to Sent that some schmuck to think you know about radio first of all you don't compare book to book You compare a year to year in a book. That's how you do it if you know anything about ratings which you obviously don't Five six seven. I'm like I said I got stuff to do here. I have time for stupid calls The house on Wednesday agreed to withstand the USA paper deck for month-long conservative Republicans of the White House workout changes intended protect people from government intrusion The GOP control house use the voicehold to keep the law in effect until March 10 So negotiators have more time to come up with a deal the Senate was expected to follow before the law spires on Friday the spires tomorrow Ready for that? I wouldn't be surprised if Alan T Brown expires tomorrow just before leaving for Christmas Congress extended a lot to February 3rd Senate Democrats in for the material in leading Republicans had blocked the final vote on a measure negotiated by the White House The would have made permanent most inspiring provisions the Republicans were considered about a set of police powers The Republicans hear that It is imperative that we not play political games with the tools that are law enforcement needs to prevent other terrorists attack So the chairman of the House initiary can be Republican representative James Sinsenberger Republican Wisconsin House Democrats said they didn't want to feed redact to aspire but depressing for civil rights protections before renewing it permanent the essential will get members of chance to work together The representative Bob Scott Democrat of Virginia added representative Jane Harmon of California the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee We must extend it meant it but not ended and I cute she started a sound like Johnny Cochran. She's Robert it We must extend it meant it, but not ended and if it don't fit your full of stuff Wow So there we go the Patriot Act I Think Messier that means Super Bowl in the win wins what it sounds like to me the fixes in We love the dolphin and how about those tenfold they book in here's what are they going next year Simple stuff no offense Well, what are you what are you Schmerklin about you got a hand I might post a score against the Patriots in that game Hey, oh, huh Patriots didn't do too well themselves, okay? In that game oh in the box final score Tampa Bay zero in the win win Patriots the defending world champion win Patriots 28 they went out the night before they had a late night I see Too much time at mines weeness Twelve and so the bodies of 14 men shot dead found and bagged that this is on top of the stuff So if you're keeping track of course who counts those Iraqis anyway, right? Which is only as bystanders and messing up all our fun? What do we got in our blood? Let's worry about our pool before you start getting all whipped up about that stupid Miami hurl thing. Oh, there's that there's that Stupid thing that keeps showing on there about that back yard wrestling Yeah, who cares nobody I mean like that's a bulletin CNN just obsessed with it all day long We've been seeing that kids eating each other with a head with fluorescent light bulbs and with like you know Paper mache what we do 920 gold. I think we're I think we're in On that thousand don't you maybe you're in Are you start with a person who can crack again? Maybe Steve came maybe the Mr. ego can bring on the urine lady 113 at five 60 W QM when you're shopping for shoes You know where the head straight for brandies and pombinobees who are they fantastic? They've been around a long time while 80's any other shoes doors have come and gone why? Because they've got an unbeatable combination waiting for you they carry a humongous selection of all the major brands I like rock for a foreshame. I get choked up Just think about it don't you? Nope Rock for floor shime echo ma fist OS a.s. new balance a lot more and Randy's professional. So if it is always make sure you have a customized video your favorite comfort you at an Unbeatable price so what could possibly be not to like this? Ask for Arnie he'll take damn good. So we make sure you get the perfect fit and don't forget the pros of Brandy's even specializing wide widths as well So whatever you're looking for guarantee you'll find an unbeatable price to the brandies worth a trip for anywhere for Comfort style fit value one selection always think brandy shoes 1290 North federal highway in poverty which opened daily till line and every Sunday till five in this week another great week to shove a brandies Because men's and women's spirit topsideers a great value 10 to 20 bucks extra off only this week and only at brandy shoes in Paveno Beach Is real This is five You Let's up you some more prisoners Let's read nice and loud Get me some wash and a factory pass I don't care if they ain't from my waxy Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game In the past You know how the computer has been reading position Yes, it's been brought to our attention from outside sources since we never listen to radio anyway That the only look at him show we have on the air the new Run your show I believe it is has been playing cards again now this flies in the face of God and the FCC Well, not really the FCC But we know so little of broadcasting we don't want to take any chances Subsequently those validates are fear of indicating you'll show on our other stations Not that I never would have occurred to us in the first place Where much too busy convincing ourselves that we know what we're doing after all we are based in prestigious Ford Myers A town that Oscar named after his we need suffice it to say if we want to feel important Run off his face above a seashell store in Fort Myers and get more cousin policy than that Not to mention As a Florida based business we benefit to buy not having to pay our bills or employees So I So that's good choice I think that's the last drawing at 20 21 A QAM Over the Naples in cook up with hurricane hotline and the Dolphin Denny and Billy the Marlin and they have a good time over to rejoice Maybe she'll take out the dinner Josh Maybe you can get joist How are we doing on that we like over 1100 votes ahead? Even though we are we have declining length of listenership and we have that horrible summer book when George is on and Neil is old and daughtering and Right Too bad we can't be young and hip with him with no numbers 3929 for QAM and 2784 So there's the number so far we're 1149 votes ahead What that's not enough is it? No, no, it's not because we got a like you know build up several thousand vote lead because the rest of our guys They don't want to play we want to be one million votes That's right they took their sticks and bats and bowls and they went home take a shower or whatever Got some bad news for you La Nina is back, okay Thank you, but here's something hurricane where he residents are forward in the rest of the southeast in one here La Nina is back Government forecast news yesterday and on the official return of La Nina making it sound more like a rock music True than a weather phenomenon that could enhance the development and strike the hurricane Oh, not again, please cracker please La Nina is the periodic cooling of a carry of the eastern Pacific Ocean and it says to occur every three to five years See temperatures even wonderfully Fahrenheit below normal can inhibit development of crosswinds that sometime we can Retare part hurricanes and the absence of those crosswinds more hurricanes conform and strengthen Experts caution that they made that they not yet draw meaningful conclusions from the return of La Nina Which is described as relatively moderate and could dissipate by summer Like those numbers we saw in December from across the street. They'll dissipate loves sooner than that It's too early to say with confidence what affects this La Nina event will have in the 2006 hurricane season Jim labor Director of Noah said in this statement other effects associated with La Nina He's together for what they hammer other effects associated with La Nina include drought and parts of the south and south west and above average raining in the northwest and the Tennessee Valley For God is angry That's why at the tornado once spewing by an Orleans again today God is the very epistop He wants a chocolate New Orleans name local Look a latte that's what he wants La Nina's yeah in fact if some of you guys are just go to Starbucks and get him on maybe count them down a little bit I'll be right back because his wrath is waxing hot La Nina's the opposite of El Niue a warming of these in Pacific that can suppress or became development the last lot Anina developed in 2000 2001 and December a team led by private hurricane forecast or William Graham Colorado state predicted 17 named tropical storms in 2006 that grew in do not that growing in nine hurricanes nine count them Even Robert Cooper from count to yeah, oh God The four cast to count it for a mild and you called for above average storm formation But the forecast existed less activity than during the record setting 2005 named Scott when 27 names Terminator helped in the 15 hurricanes The six month hurricane season begins June one But if we have like a lot of the numbers because everybody's radio is shut off. Don't play in the air And hurricane Wilma, you know what I wouldn't idea how to comment and here they hit a point three in Emma A 0.3 but don't blame Wilma. Okay, no, we'll give you guys full marks for that. It's all on your ass you more on God, you know what I always said about nothing more than people who are aren't funny trying to be funny and there's nothing worse than people who aren't broadcast Just trying to broadcast this you know what I'm talking about what are you talking about? Oh, but we got the bats in the ball Let me got the dolphins and we got a bunch of sports guys you take showers together and snap each other with a towel on the ass 3985 802 a difference of 1183 almost 1200 I think I can breathe easy if we got about a 15-hiver vote lead by the time we get our ass out here or two today Make way for guilty right? Is I'm sure guilty of being on it? You think 944 how I rock it is I just can't stop thinking about that he's in that two to four a couple of days a week now that slot and that kind of rotating slot person rotate To the full with no more mole 944 is our total in our pool so we'll make that thousand Who's got the least self respect cool and power one 68? I hate this pool 160 Courtney love 149 Periscillent one twenty seven the QM sports day They don't want a 96 how come I can't get that damn loose about that? You can go off there. I just oh there is QS Sports Day 96 the Democrats 58 Miss Fudge he's got 56 and it's listen right now. Hey miss Fudge you fair you self-hating piece of turd God talk about our total sellout Ron Jeremy 46 jack a brim off 34 Jose can suck of 22 Robert County Junior 20 an Allen Brown another vote for Allen T Brown downtown Allen Brown be having Ocho 8 I decided I'd be for today. We even know who that was I didn't do you ever hear before To What's his name? Never heard of this the guy that wrote that Joe Rose brought that email in this morning 560 505 60 we'll take couple calls between now and two our pull the pull question is how badly do you miss mole Inethical let's do it WK William hello yeah that Tony I went through the world as was in the sharpened tornado now it was Vanilla WK William hello man WK William hello William yes sir Photo subdivision for the Democrats Joe Leaveman is this I don't really Or they can take those 16 students not for us and I wonder who came out or only two years They're cleaning the street actually like six of if you only Okay, you're the interpreter I didn't know say what Say what I'm in the middle of a sneezing pit right now. Oh good oh you do like I did the middle of that That's what was good it was special oh my his loan is no zone here what a slab W2AM hello Yes sir I am an acquaintance of Allen Brown I'm the senior show senior show But Allen Brown is Okay So he's not looking at anybody shoulders. He's white paraplegic Yeah, right Yeah Yeah Yeah Okay, whatever you say for dollar Uh So what does I have to do with it? Oh he's nice. He's not looking at where there was a little tentative humor very weak especially especially especially especially What do you like about it like that yeah We're not looking over our shoulder either. Okay. We're only looking straight ahead WK William hello How are you doing buddy? What's in the guilty yesterday? Yeah, he was used one the guy to think Ah, that's not that fall for golf my arm. I need that knife. I'm gonna have a lot of hats stuff. I don't want I don't want that That system needs to get way that I still don't know how he has killed it And number two I always go through maple's though. They do a lot of driving. I can't Why so I love the old joystick doing all deep knee bends and the cucumber back Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Lovely Five Probably some truth to that Five six You know what they say about repressed women, don't you know what do they say oh That was kind of cute cute 954 on our pole. We got about 32 minutes to get 46 that should be like a no brainer, right no brainer Hey, Valentine's days coming up so send your wife or girlfriend something she'll really love it I always remember sent her a Vermont teddy bear this year They've got fun bears with attitude like the lover boy bear the mysterious love banded the mad about you bear or the new red hot redneck If you're romantic send this we've our bear or the red rose bouquet bear There's a bear for every person out and believe me these bears work wonders Best of also thinking every time she hugs it and her bear too in a liver would chocolate and a gift card in their famous box for about the price of just a dozen roses A Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving and Vermont teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America and guaranteed for life Guys make this the best Valentine's day ever. Maybe get lucky and get you a little even at home call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com order now and have her bear delivered right on Valentine's day guarantee if you have plenty of time 1-800-829 bear and be sure and tell them that old meal Totally to call 1-800-829-ba-r Know that the Lord even loves the oradr Once the day conceited and covered it the sleep Reignes and Reignes and Reignes and Reignes and Reignes and Tercy wants to make new or leave too soon And I don't care what people are afraid We have black people It's time it's all the time Surely God is fair Me compares the hopeless to low willy on the far Shopping Yes Right Reignes and There's the one to make new or leave space This is a blast that comes together That's time for us to rebuild a new relish the one that should be Uptown All the way ever they go Yes, city will be chocolate a chocolate in the world We never take the blame For anything Chocolate at the end of the day That chocolate has some coffee and a new offer and all this Reignes and Reignes and Reignes and No I can Reignes and There's the ones to make new or leave space You can't have the wall there's no other way It was the mean It just won't be the same man 132 100 I got so many polls going and so many I was gonna say it's 130 do but 130 do and we've got first for you for them right right That's for name sure Which of these big two stations you prefer for sports radio this is great co-text into my me Harold Be sure and keep banging on us all day We want to have like 50,000 votes by the end of the day just to piss off down Italian and Brown 2 AM 474 59% 790 to ticket 283841% that's a lead of 1100 or 1200 I can't even count that animal 1236 That's kind of close in it I don't know I can't do that 1236 now it's so it's widening we're just pulling away Thanks for our gigantic loyal audience out there you're a slip-in guys And your life a listener ship is really way down and you're mama Leave mama out of it. Okay, she's resting comfortably Alito sides with misery and made undefined road. You see this story? No, his very first Decision and he pissed off a conservatives New Supreme Court just is Samuel Alito split with the court's conservatives last night refusing Let Missouri execute a death row and made contesting lethal injection Alito handling his first case sided with inmate Michael Taylor would want to stay from an appeals court Early in the evening See if would have been a little girl he said fire ass chief justice job robber's injustice is antigen scolier and parents token Thomas Supported lifting the stay but Alito jitter many five members in turning down Missouri's last been request to allow a mid-net execution Earlier in the day Alito was sworn in for a second time in a what house ceremony where he was loaded by president boosies man of state a demeanor careful judgment and complete integrity It was also given his assignment for handling Emergency appeals Arkansas I will Minnesota Missouri to brass me North Dakota South Dakota as a result Missouri Fabolio is request for the high court to avoid a stay and allow Taylor's execution The courts for the vote last night ended of frenzy day of filing Missouri twice asked the justice is to intervene and permit the execution While Taylor's lawyers filed two more appeal seeking delays Reporters and witnesses had gathered at the state for his awaiting words from the high court I wonder the go ahead with the execution and they want to see the sparks fly when our neighbors knows parking or more They want to see a few fireworks The court will not review Taylor's claim that lethal injectance cruel unusual punishment claim also used by two floated after and made say once they suddenly Supreme over the past week I like that Maybe he's gonna turn out to be wonderful. You think are real kind of like moderate guy. You think what a phone there you go Keep your eye out our pool now. Don't just slide off at that thousand barrier because we don't get to that I'm gonna be like sending us more hostile facts You made a mistake Yes, he's 67 That exactly what I'm thinking of like I'd like a shoe in for a thousand and 25 minutes should be right should be right So you can like like we need 23. So that's like only one a minute So you can ease off on that other thing until two o'clock and then go nuts Then I'd get on there. I'd start out sending out emails to people that have fetuses to embryos to people that have been dreamed up yet Right right send them all out Oh, here's that blood sport again. Look at that. He's all banged up. Oh, put the shirt back on Jesus God This exciting that backyard in the wrestling is not what they're doing actually pretty boring. Yeah You got a couple of bumps on his head or I think he's just got a couple of bads It's no we're talking about the backyard wrestling babes. Yeah, that's a DVD man to hold a story Talk about that mud wrestling in the backyard and let's sling it Fan as governor Jeff Bush yesterday rolled out his eighth and final budget recommendation calling for record tax breaks While pumping almost $2 billion in a new school construction keeping with the theme of his administration Republican governor wants much of that new money fallen into programs that would lower high paying science and technology jobs How are new teachers and build classrooms to meet the class size mandate and fund and ever grades clean up? I've had these got some VBS plans It would also fatten taxpayers Wallace through sales tax holidays and by eliminating the intangibles tanks on stocks and bonds But Democrats said the budget left behind improved health care coverage for the poor South Florida school officials were also wary of the potential effect While calling for an average standard in $47 increase in per student spending statewide Bush's plan would give Broward County a 270 dollar increase and did counting only 281 See that short in the stick We're not thrilled we're below the state average we can't maintain quality school systems on where at the bottom of the barrel said Georgia slack lobbyist for the Broward public school system. She said she wouldn't give a government any slack Tommy's county would get a 376 dollar for student increase, but Much of that new money would be your mark for class size reduction retirement programs and growth of a number of new students It would be a little bit tight at this point. We'll place the county in a difficult situation said burn pickup Crawford lobbyist for the Palm Beach County school board. That's his name. It's a hyphenated name burn pickup Crawford. Wow. How do you get a name like that? Go to your port and pick up Crawford. I guess I never heard such a thing in my life burn pickup Crawford only in Palm Beach baby probably okay Chobi. Oh, okay Scientists have discovered a new planet planet bigger than an Pluto. I don't know if it's as big as Uranus German astrophysic system concluded a space body located in the outer reaches of the solar system has a diameter of 435 miles larger than Pluto the smallest planet. Oh, maybe we can divert that shuttle. We should have built in Sentitive new planet Because Pluto's about the size of a fat boy's ass Their research puts more pressure on the international astronomical union to classify the object is the tenth planet in our solar system UB313 that's a hell of a bad name for planet in it. They always give those rocks out there in the middle of the sky You know a hundred will be universe. Wow. You can name it eventually you'll be 313 is decidedly larger than Pluto said University of Bond professor Frank Bertolti who is team findings will be published in Thursday's journal Nature today the object is a 10th of a name 2003 you'll be 313 you'll be this you'll be that I see body lies beyond the planet Neptune you'd be crazy if you believe in this but true Yeah, you'd be in was first photographed in October 2003 by astronomers that the California Institute of Technology's Palomar Observatory of that Palomar telescope they've come to a Season things over my place too north of San Diego a Astronomers announced last summer that it was large enough to be a planet was largely likely much larger than Pluto The determine the size the bond team led by Bertolti and Max plank Institute for radio astronomy is a Spanish telescope A quick with a sensitive heat sensitive measure is thermal emission Like I'm thinking I think Taking a lot of thermal emissions myself today. Alright, really that's why I'm here and and smelling That's what Josh was complaining about two candle days. He's not gonna work for free if he has to put up with that crap too much longer That is right a perk is it really how you sponate Okay, now let's take a look at these deals here. I realize I'm spinning way too much on this but after tomorrow It'll be like all history and it'll be all behind this and everyone can go back to like pretending You know that they don't care about it. They do well. God he don't care because he's not on it I guarantee if his name was on there He'd be right Why Why Because they only put four people from our station and that was a whole idea And the original pool last week that was just like everybody else like Curtis and Kimba and the Eddie K and everybody else Liliana yeah, he was on it and Important people like Torrey Stradford lady Martez how can you even got like that off our pool Jesse Aguas Jesse Aguas Jesse Aguas Jesse Madaguro 98 vote Who has the least self respect colon pal 172 were rollin with colon In fact, don't you have a kind of like it sounds to me like maybe you have a rollin cool-in day. Maybe that's your story Yeah, it's rollin all right like thunder That don't me I hate this pool 169 corny love on 53 Paris Hilton 132 the 2M sports staff. We know why not 98 the Democrats 65 Max Fudge he happened to be seven Ron Jeremy 48 Jack A. Ramoth 34 was a con sacco 24 Robert down in junior 21 and look at that Alan T. Brown big man in town. Yeah, he's got the nyan All right If there's a Bush Marin ROCKUM BUY I was sleeping in the park just trying to take his shoe I can't follow in the dark There's a lovely black and blue I'm heard so bad I'm talking of love I was I beat in my teenagers with clubs Don't know why this happens I took close to the head They took all the things they were laughing They left me here for death I've got a nest I would say high on drugs Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm lying here And haunted move They took those baseball bands and swam on like they were Like to ask the parents why They raised their kids this way Lots and lots of prison time They'll be the price they paid What can they change with all those of others? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by... Even you could do the math on this Nice easy numbers They're 4283-2083 It says I gave you 14 or what lead for us For the good guy You know who's going to be really upset about this? All the people on this email Why don't we read the names again? Bungal peace building opens door to terrorism Right Stephen Leahy in the Interprest Service Washington's attempts to bring security to a rack in Afghanistan I'm only making life harder for local people They're breeding more terrorists or international security experts Oh my God A little soda Under its anti-terrorism agenda The US has centralized power and security in post-complexed Iraq and Afghanistan Which are running to create perfect conditions for terrorists And criminals All right There's a great fear that unstable states and post-war societies provide an ideal breeding ground for terrorist training activity Said, I'll brush a snobble A senior fellow would raise a aquarium on human security in Burns, Switzerland I'll brush a snobble It almost three years after the top of the United States A man who's characterized by chaos, violence and disintegration All of these cities The methods used to rebuild the security sector are simply making matters worse He told the Interprest Service Shnobble is co-editor of a new book security sector Reform and post-conflict peacefully Puppers by UN University Press And written by international group of academics and military commanders Who examined the record and challenged the security sector Reform and post-conflict societies Instead of stabilizing places like Iraq Interacted efforts to centralize power creating a more fragile security environment Then ever before Shnobble sits And it goes on It's on our website by the way some of our great bedtime stories Which you might want to read in between Cast your 80,000 votes for QAM I'm great co-tics as Harold How does find blog and a hero? Next time you want to set a telegram You know we're not to go, do you see this? No, oh, I'll waste a union Oh, well, I'll use that No, but next kind of shocking, though What else do they do? Money transfer Money orders or wires No more little yellow envelopes with good news and bad news stop No more singing telegrams stop No more nightletters stop No more telegrams of any kind stop If you're voting for the other guys across the street stop Why is the union shut off at telegraph machines? Wounded by fax machines and five been done in my email Like this one from Alan Brown, all the people over there across the street The bright yellow telegram with little strips of words Pasted on the form is only an artifact of history now In its day the rival of telegram was a very big deal Stopping the hard and mid-beat Service fingers to opening a little bit of a lot of open breathing stuff Nobody sent trivial news by telegram Telegrams announced business deals far away Births sudden deaths In wars past turns got the bad news by Western Union The president of the United States regressed to inform you that their Your son or daughter has just been butchered or whatever Would no hint of irony Western Union sent the message of its own death in the medium That helped the telegrams demise the internet The message posted on the Western Union website Without fanfare was counted in language of lawyers and accounts Effective January 27, 2006 Western Union will discontinue all telegram and commercial messaging services We regret any inconvenience this may cause you we thank you for all your loyal patronage No loss, and anyone inconvenience by this must be omniscient Come on, are you picking on them so omniscient? Schluckers don't love the omniscient, I know it's gets keys They're just busy horse and around and it's easy to pick on him because they can't have a radio Well, they can borrow one. Can they really? They can listen to one they can just not own it Let's see 29, it would be 14, 37, and as far as 14, 144 votes We're pushing toward that 1500 total we were aiming for by two o'clock Aren't you actually just psychotic about this now? Well, I know somebody who might be A pow I'm fact I know a whole bunch of people who might just be When you think And I bet you the names are all nuts you to paper that you were that you a fact over to me this morning That was quite a deal, and then in fact the other one that you fact into was quite a deal, but we can't see it on the air That was real interesting real fly opener. Oh, speak of that has broke back set back gay rights You're fair movie has become a springboard for tasteless these jokes As the Academy of Motion pictures violates broke back mountain with eight nominations The movies become an excuse to tell graphic sexual jokes that make fun of gays What is she? 56 votes on our pull by the way, thank you Forget the obvious J&D who played a middle America. Now let's see did you say you got it? You see who told me they had it? Propec mountain? Yeah, I have it. You didn't watch it. No, and I sent me a copy. Oh, you did. Yeah. Excellent. Even TV news anchors are getting on the act Chris Moore always said And Tony Wanker perpheresantly why don't they just give one of those guys from broke back mountain best actress? But bloggers many who are thought to be more progressive thinkers are the ones having a field day Item a take off on Barry Manlow's Copic Abana course off that broke back mountain Nose gay Cowboys in its a mountain up at broke back broke back mountain They felt the passion they discussed fashion and a very manlow. Hey Barry, you fairie Some other ones too. I'm not going to sing the song so I can't sing take off on the Beatles get back Gill on a horse Jack twist he thought he was a woman but he was another man Hot and halfway would love to give it to him instead he'll take it in me. Yeah, uh item the movies referred to as humpback mountain bearback mountain broke but mountain Fudgeback mountain so on the item the movies making history is the first place I've never were the good guys Get it in me and our item question. How do you know when a Holly Pup fake Cowboys horny answer he puts the set on his horse backward? What? That's old. What about one of our bits? Yeah, it's ironic that the movie is broken barriers. It also the sources and pretty snarky jokes Damon Roman spoke some of the game lesbian the last against them a fairy defamation said his organization is not the monitoring blogs But watching late night TV shows and it glad it doesn't have a problem with the broke back jokes Well, thank god for that nothing worse than a tight queen with all the buzz and visibility broke broke back Give the beginning say be more concerned if Leonard and Letterman weren't talking about an excellent boy, right? Yeah, I think he's got his little a pinky right on it A thousand and eight votes on our pool and yet a lot of not even good look at it, you know because it's just it's super fine Kind of scary in it Oh representative John Bonner chose new a husband jury leader So we could go back. Well, where should we start should we go back? We're so real dord and a very nasty verse for this to me, don't he? Who looks really dangerous this guy on in the new other goddess replacing you know Tom Delay? Oh John Bonner I'm sure that's how he pronounces name. I know how you'd say and you better not you could do So what do you think what do you make of this today? We accomplish something? I think if I make it till two without messing myself it'll be quite in the comments really Yeah, well, nobody the first of all you had you had a little a situation in the beginning before we even started and you liked farted and Uh-huh, I haven't had you had you said a Brad and Tony's there about 50 pieces of slices of pizza on you little anti-pasto salad is on it. Yeah, that was all he was a little anti-pasto Yeah, that's all he ate really and you I did some stuff shell. Yeah, you're all Yeah, you're gonna do some stuff. All right, please try to have a few. All for you We got the guilty standard by you watch guilty. You'll talk him into what you're in the on that poll today It is a 45-year-old I'm really hot That's nice. It's meal Roger This is 5.62 Gently Gently Talkin' on a fortune Try to do the macho Your boy sounds just like a perfect year of girl I'll ring her for a soul show Watch those eyes of the Girl, be Gently Talkin' like a baby Be a little draping Like a little on their snoring You don't sound like a man We both know brothers that That joke Your throat You're not guilty Gently Gently Gently Your lovely management doesn't care Because Gently You don't belong to on the earth And gently The sports can break to your voice, relax Oh, can anyone who sounds like that You'd find another job Your sensation Oh, let's take you back with both your babies Drop the bell, Gently Gently When you got to grow a cat You make a choice of grow up You silly, sweet people Go to broadcasting school Your pretty, you best, it's boys Make you sound like a perfect You're not a cat That's the moon You're not a cat You're not a cat Who's the good boy? Okay, what's the date we got Zelda? The aforementioned one coming up at the clock Peter King would be a tree I have no idea why But he seems to be like a regular Maybe he's on the payroll Maybe we're a pain Peter King And money that Josh had been getting for his raise You think? Spockle It's more than five bucks than a muspy Magdog is smokey bones and four Latterdale is four Hurray King Hotline and Bernie Cosa Joe Zee had Bernice for the beast who's up in Detroit Walking around in dark neighborhoods On a clock and that could be anywhere Anywhere, any kid 10 Here's the deal 1600 and 7 most ahead See that? See the power of Bill God Right This audience, in whatever 4505 QAM, which of the two stays you prefer for sports radio? Which of the two stays you prefer period? See he wanted to put that on there Because that would include me and it would be really bad 4505 for us and 2898 for seven Either the ticket for that other place With downtown Allen Brown So what are you thinking? Pretty good job today by us huh? Yeah, I'm thinking one more minute I can go take care of some business Ah, no Man, I've heard of a music explosion And we've got a fountain 25 on our own pool there Which, you know, and it's not even a good pool day And full sucks Sorry Sean, I don't want to like pick on Sean But we really were sceversely You know, send us a pile of pulls But, uh, I mean, you know, it's so hard to get pulled But we're just distracted by this other thing We're distracted, we got bigger face to fright And tomorrow we're wrapped that whole thing up in wind by about 50,000 And then we can go back to it just to pick in people's eyes Bye bye When it comes to sports So what are you doing? What's all it? We've got to be a tourist Which we'll find 60 Will you show me? Yes I'm on your side