Good morning, Soniel. What is this? Then, almost gone? Better day today? Better than what? What do you mean by that? I don't know. Yesterday when you came on, you were upset about something here. But how unusual? My name is Tanah. How unusual? But the winds of change are blowing in this place. Yeah, it blows all right. You can see that again. Thanks to this place, blows. Are you not talking about the water knots, you know, are you? Don't pick on her. I am saying except that I heard she's leaving. Yeah. Well, we're really going to have quite a big bash here as a sunda. Oh! Is the total house taking reservations? I think that place, let's give her a check-out use to advertise. What was that? Oh, I know the place you're talking about. Tropical life. Yeah. Were you, they bring her glass of fizzy water for you to put your teeth in on the... We had a couple of Christmas parties there. Yeah, I heard that. Figures. Probably a trade. I'm sure it's a fine place. I don't know. I think I ate there once, but it impressed me as the over the death-plus 20 crowd eating in there. It's an older group. Yeah. Right, it's the death-group in there. Then of course, yesterday I was having really a fine day and then the phone rang it was your buddy Clarence. You know, you have created more. I told you this couple of weeks ago. More monsters between stew gods and Clarence. Boy. Did you guys go into? No, no. Clarence was more than enough. Give me a lecture on life. I was talking about when Ken Walden was a program director at WGBS years ago. And they went out and covered with the rail and Ken got a houseboat and had it anchored on the 80th green or adjacent to it. And they had beer for everybody and they had people out on the course file reports. They had fun. Yeah. Ken's not that busy these days. He'd be a good piti. Yeah, there you go. We need a real piti. We had a junior piti. Because here to give me instructions on life yesterday. I was having a really good food day yesterday. I was doing really well. I've had my weights pretty good right now. But after that phone call, I was so aggravated by a get 20 minutes in the middle of the afternoon. Much to do about nothing. But I was buzzing in my ear. I went across the convenience store. I got three. Nestle's are very small. I was like three in the very small. Three Nestle's ice cream sandwiches. No, no, that's only the beginning. And then of course I ate those three so fast. I stimulated my appetite. So I went over got three more. You ate six ice cream bars. Ice cream sandwiches. You say I went these are the real small ones. But I mean, you know, not good parents. Thanks a lot for screwing up my blood sugar and mess it up my life. You're a killer. Clarence. You idiot. You're quizzling. You're feral. God is he a moron. But then again, we got to have somebody do you in basketball, you know? Now let's see is that a home game tomorrow or is he going to be getting out of here today? The name is in Maryland. Maryland. Oh, it's in a way game. College part. Bye, bye, Clarence. I don't hear you. I'm going to mess up there. What is it? It's a nice campus. No. Well, I'll take your word for it. Where is it? Is it? Not too far more. Washington. It's closer to Washington. No. College part. Maryland. I'll take your word for it. And it's almost as exciting as homestead where David Samson may be building a stadium now. No. I mean, I said, was that they actually left there with an agreement that they had a letter of car and the homestead race. Was that what it is? That's what that was about. Oh, is he going to be a candlelight? Civil? On their budget it'll be a Volkswagen. Yeah, David Samson may yesterday with three homestead homestead representatives to discuss moving to the scene that the city's baseball complex. Oh, give me a break. I think we can build a fan base here if there are a lot of people in commuting distance said poison ivy. That's the city manager. Port poison ivy. There's a lot of people flocking the homestead these days. Oh, my God. What are the better place for the marlins far away from most people where they'll be safe? What you want to do, it reminds me of a story about when they did a study. The people who had the Burger King franchise on Los Solos and the beach. Okay. And they got it very cheap because when they used to when Burger King did the traffic studies, they measured traffic coming from all directions. And since it was no traffic coming from the ocean, they said, oh, we're going to have three way traffic coming in here and a guy stole the place. That's what homestead is. Homestead is in a place where you can only get there from one direction. That's a bad idea. We like putting it down on the keys. Yeah. So everybody could travel with a, the rickety high is the little further. All right. You know, the marlins situation reminds me of the panthers. The difference being there are a lot more baseball fans obviously down there. There are hockey fans. But you know, it's the same thing. They don't build me the arena of a bomb that moved the Nashville. That was the threat at the time, Portland and Nashville. And so they'd go that big, gigantic arena there, the macarena. It's a beautiful place. The people are go there 90% of them spend their time wandering around on a hallway, choosing and drinking and eating and filling their fat face. And on a cell phone talking to aunt, aunt, whatever your name is, Esther. And nobody's coming. And like I told you yesterday, your buddy is on the verge of dismantling that team too, because he wants to do it on the cheap and they're going to keep pouring more millions into it. And so what did that accomplish? I mean, yeah, it's nice for concerts, I guess. But what did that accomplish? And the same thing this business, oh, if we just had the stadium, people will show up. No, they won't. They could build a beautiful stadium right where they were right next door to the current stadium. You know, they built that stadium. Even a minor league team out there isn't going to get people to show up. They keep pissing people off more and more and more chasing them away. Oh, it's you. Why don't you come and support our franchise because you're putting out craft. That's why. If they'll stay in the Phoenix, it's supposed to be one of the stadiums, or places with a swimming pool at the Beyond Center field. What the? I'm drowning the griscus in it. Well, they're not drawing any people. Well, there you go. Good. First couple of years. Yeah. Everybody was excited about it. Just like baseball was here. The first couple years they drew people. Sure. It's an novelty. Something new and exciting. But doesn't guarantee a long-term success? Well, first of all, when you keep having fire sales and the dismantling of the team, people get disus. But now this is the second time around for this routine. Yeah. It's like your president says, fool me. Once, you know, can't get fooled again or whatever the hell he said. What does he say? He just says, I didn't know about that. He says, let me, let me, let me, let me like that. I didn't know about that. Yeah. About that deal with the A-Rads. So we don't want to piss off the Arab street now. We don't want to get those people angry on the Arab street. That's the new deal. Well, by the way, I got a story today about the fact that the Dubai ports company enforces the Israeli boycott. They will not ship any product of was made in Israel. So not only don't they, does that the government of the UAE recognizes Israel, but the ports firm enforces the Arab boycott against Israel. So any product that was made in Israel will just, who knows where they put it? I have an idea. Maybe under the schmatis, I don't know. Correct them. They're hiding it somewhere. Well, I won't be going there for any horse racing event. I, you know, it's funny you should mention that because I just had the racing did that just astonishing. I just had it on there a couple of minutes ago, watched in some of the last night's activity. And on the bottom, the crawl was the Dubai, you know, they got the big races there because all those schmatis got the big bucks on the, all the way to the north. They're running for it. Oh yeah. So they're going to have that on the racing. I'll be sure of them as that. Dubai, Dubai, Dubai, Dubai. But they did over there. Was they to located Churchill? They have so much money it doesn't matter. They, they to located Churchill down. Well, that's, I'm glad they're having a good time with it because most of it is our money. So we've had to have it in a field there with it. But we don't want to get angry the Arab street, you understand, whatever that is. And now the new deal, see it in 24 seven out of cover up all the other scandals that are going on in the port steal. Now it's Marty Grott, son of right now. There you go. Bye. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're really, very familiar. Yeah, look at that. Yeah, good morning America was doing a lot of work. Like stink on the water not see man, they just have sex with it. 24 seven with a Marty Grott. Meanwhile, all those people whose house has got blown away and our homeless, they're, they're houses are still blown away in our homeless. And they're running out of money. They only got a billion dollars left in the Katrina Fund, which may sound like a lot of money, but it's not what you're dealing with that many people and that many homes. Yet people want to stay in the warlands, they were that story too. Yeah, four out of five of them want to stay there. Well, that's great. I'm happy for them. In fact, maybe you can go open a, open a, a, a concession. At the fairgrounds. Look at that. There's this kind of house or Brian he's got is that thought that was from Hawaii. They put those things on. He's got his lay around the neck. They're all, who stepped there, all dressed all drunk like usual in the warlands like any other day, you know, like nothing ever happened. No, the problem is half of the city is still homeless, but other than that, why should we care about such things? Meanwhile, they're saying that next year's going to be a worse hurricane season than last year was. And what I said is that about the no more trips to Florida for this kid, remember that? Yeah, yeah, I think that's a real good idea. This might be a good time to sell the house. You're thinking about it. Sounds like a great idea. Especially when I see what the going rate is in that area. Wow, shocking. There was a feature today in USA today about Las Vegas and how it's growing as, all the suburbs are growing. It's not just about the strip anymore, and they, you know, they're bringing a lot of doctors in and businesses are moving there. And the average, the median income residents out there now sells for $300,000. I can remember when you could get a place there for $150,000. It was like huge. Yeah, but no more. I would want to live there. I across my mind once for about five minutes. And I drove out there, my red card, drove out there in the, you know, hinterlands up for the mountains and looked at the beautiful home, isn't all that. Yeah, it looks nice, but it's the weather, the climate first of all is just absolutely intolerable. Unless you like it, 115 degrees in the shade. And secondly, I mean, just the, the, the, other than the gambling and the shows, if you're into the shows, needing all those buffets, which would prepare both of us in a box very soon. And what, what's the, a big attraction there? It's just another city. Yeah. Once you get away from the strip, right, just another town. It's like, sweet water. Yeah, it's only being speaking with. It's a little nicer than sweet water. But there are areas there. There's a last time you've been in sweet water. You better go check it out. It might be, in fact, I go over to Hylia. Maybe Rauh. I won't be doing that. Maybe Rauh Martinez a buy nice lunch in Hylia. Probably me or last lunch, but. And in fact, you remember Louie's in the Bronx? I think they just opened one Hylia, a 49-string. Rauh Martinez is in the T-Rome, there probably be reaching for the piece behind the, the box behind the toilet. I wouldn't be surprised if they still got those kind of toilets in Hylia. With the, with the hands. The box in the, yeah, yeah, we pulled the chain, the flush and roll. I know that got some interesting toilets in Westland where they do the limbo rock up there. I heard a lot of stories about that. So, there are no speaking English, because they like drilling glory holes. They bring along their own power drills when they go to shopping at JC Penis. But that's another story. So you ready for tomorrow? Well, I don't know what to do with tomorrow. So it's the 30th anniversary show and nothing going to happen. This is going to be another show as far as I know. I hope we don't have a bunch of contrived phone calls. And I sure hope I don't get no call from your buddy Clarence again. Jesus, God. That is. You're going to have to live that down the rest of your life. Clarence? Yes, you invented him. Yeah, he sure did a good job screw and over his buddy Duff. I'll tell you that. He sure turned on him like a cornered rat. Nice going, Clarence, although there is hope because Joe Kim and his warrant announced to me about somebody. Leaving, I don't want to mention any names. God be signed. God tell me any tells me that he was going to honor my 30th anniversary. I don't believe that, but that would be nice to think that. And honor my 30th anniversary? That accomplished that. Guess what, Philus? I'm still around your gone, you're out, you're out sweetheart. And I suggested Joe that, you know, she's got all those OJ, that'll let Nmr. Beading her office, we could auction her off on eBay. Make some, you know, another cat castream for the company. Maybe he's in the company to go to for the paid judge court. What he's trying to get, a few bucks for they cheap. They are so cheap, man, just scary. Kind of like when Michael Sethan was the counciliary, you're out, you're out Tom. Maybe I can help. You're out Tom. And that was when they were making the move to Vegas. See how it all fits together. Yeah, the pieces of life, the pieces of the puzzle of life, they all fit together. Even though they seem all disassociated. Now, did you see the movie crash yet? No. Got to see that. Really good movie. Crash? Okay. Excellent. Not good, but excellent. Great for and coper agreeing. In fact, I saw it last night on, it was on my cable last night. I got a night. Stumble on the last hour if it was on again, and I watched the whole last hour. Oh, it's okay. But creepers got a copy of it, he can run you. Okay. Well, I got nervous. Yeah, but the question is does Hank have a DVD player at home? Yeah, I do. Well, thank God for that. Because how else could you enjoy that beautiful Samsung TV? You know, I got to admit this. Last night, I'm channel surfing, and I went to the high definition area, you know, the channels. And it was the college basketball game. I guess it was Oklahoma and Oklahoma State. Yeah. I have no interest in either of those teams. I could care less. I did. Oklahoma State with the point. But the picture on HD with the quality is so sensational that you have to watch at least a couple of minutes just to sit there and so good and made me want to gamble on the game. In fact, probably the picture is so clear that when you have an event on you, you can reach right in there and block a couple of shots. It's an angle on. Oh, man, it's incredible. There's, and the good news is that pretty soon everything's going to be HD. That's going to be, I don't know why. There's not ready. They got the technology, just get with it. It was it already. It's terrific. already. It's terrific watching sports on football's great to watch on. Yes, absolutely. In hockey too. I know you're not a fan but boy, it's something else. Yeah. Except the Olympics. I was on an HD. It was crap. And watch. Watch one game. Did you actually watch the game? Yeah. Who was that? It was not the US. I watched the Finland and who they playing at Russia. No, I was a Finland in Russia. I watched Finland in Russia. And that's all. It's a great picture. It is a beautiful thing. Well listen, have a great day. We've got to get to work and turn that big day tomorrow. March one. I don't know what that means. Bye-bye, water, that's me. That was some of the best news I heard in a long, long time. Nice going Joe. You go Joe. I'll take any wooden nickels. I feel sorry for him because he works for, we could be having a great radio station. If he worked for it, so it was, I was working for such a bunch of mugwamps. They're the chigrin wood pile as the beeslies. Make them what you know that. They're very sad. I'm just trying to get through the last couple years here. I mean, you want to watch the little of the house out and see the kid picking a band who you know with that one eye in the middle of his forehead. Yeah, that's the beeslies. Have a great day. I'll see you, money on. See you. Don't lose that money back. There we go. Pick it. Come on. It'll be a lot more. We're not with like those that's a busy dry test group. It's just advertisers for agencies. So like all the Islamic cartoon ever, it's here, walking and following a, hey, it's well-being. Watch me, put a rabbit over by her. Move, follow me, call that trick. Never, don't stick to the baby. Let's go. That was no rabbit, follow me, call that was an insurgent. What the dood of the demon? Dood of yard areาม Why why did I not come hard to you? You made no my blows up sand Why turn you now that we're being on each other And blame me in other way Don't cry, why did I not come hard to you? Because they say you can't draw a whole hammer And hurt, with a big arm on you say it's hurt Or they'll kill you, kill you Don't worry, why why did I not come hard to you? It's 15 to 5.60WQ I have a fact I'm going to read that could be one of the most convoluted One of the worst backhanded compliments From what's this guy's name, herb? And coral springs. I'm going to read that momentarily Don't you think it's okay to slap in the face? Yeah, hey congratulations, you're great And although I won Howard Zahn, I'm just not going to be listening to you I feel bad about it but screw you Well screw you, too, who can compete with that? Yeah, my taste is 15 to 5.60WQ I'm happy Tuesday, last day of February, last day of the 30th year And all these other things, another exciting? Yeah Yeah When you're shopping for shoes, I'll tell you a place that's always exciting And it's brandy, shoes and prompura, beetsets While they're still around I guarantee you, since I've been talking about brandy years ago There's 80 billion shoes to come and go on because who wants to go and buy shoes And over-inflated price when they're buying off brands at the top of all of And they don't have the selection you're looking for at Brandy's I guarantee, I'll make sure that a lot of not these life on it Now whatever's style suits your fancy, meet your eye That they got your size on the shelf in stock right now Right to slap on your feet And we're talking all the major brands like Rockport For a shine, echo, Mothisto, SAS, new balance, all the other top names Ask for Arne at Brandy, so make sure you get a perfect customized fit At the right price every time Brandy's even specializes in big fat wide wits as well If you've got those platypus type feet So Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in Southport Take good care of those tuci's for comfort stuff Head by the wind selection, always think Brandy shoes, new fine brandy's It's a 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomponobito Open every day of the week Monday through Saturday to line And every Sunday till 5 and this week is a great time to buy new balance at Brandy's All great, men's of women's new balance styles 10 to 20 bucks off the regular price So we should get into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com This is New Rodgers This is 562A. Roger's got Oh Why would you have this just bling it like that? I don't know why, but the blizzards are the palm Free 5-5 full full foam The thing on the ears is looks so good Where are that thing? Looks like it hurts into the same size as the garage door of the nurse I have to see the world that's a serious man man Out of the house, many homes, and one guy gets one One of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the stuff that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house And one one of the things that's been in the house And one of the things that's been in the house Excellent guest. That's what he's been here. I will hang I will put the the thing in the cradle The hand that rocks the cradle. Okay, so here's this facts from her been curls Spray this I'm sure he's not listening now because I'm sure that Howard is still a fap pap pap on series You know anything else Robin anything else Robin any more boobs Robin? You know I don't want to pick on her but I'm just I'm so sick and tired of the groupies. You know now including my own groupies I'm just not the radio groupies nausea. I mean always have So long fact he says congratulations on 30 years In fact the facts is in the the tributes are just pouring in from Man what a place he says that been with us since 1987 when he was W. I And see I remember the stations jingles and the CBS news at the top of the hour. I don't remember any W. I and see jingles when you're right How do we have jingles at I and see I don't remember any I don't know we had a man I OT right Ryan did we I don't know for love when's the other respect. I don't think we had no jingles. We had jingles and Zeta but we had jingles at I and ZWild. Oh, I hate that same. Anyway, herps is that really field guilty now that you fall into my second choice When we got to hearing your show alive Now this is a guy who starts out by going out about what a big fan he is and he's been listening for all the whole 87 it's 19 years I've had serious for over two years, but with a crisp clean signal and the topic content of Howard I find myself sticking with this programming in a wrap up show that follows at 11 a.m. The wrap-up show No, they got a big name rappers as further punishment I sometimes flip over to the west coast feed to catch anything I might have missed three hours earlier I know I'm not alone because my brother who's a cop and Delrey also falls into the same track I find myself downloading your show listening to it on delay Again, I want to let you know I feel real guilt on my part knowing that your listeners should pass to be taking a hit because of the Howard serious situation Now I guess I guess St. Sees been around so long and he must have his Alzheimer's kicking in because everyone Howard was on big like on an over the air station That's just on serious which is narrow casting which very few people have it. Everybody was on big Yeah, and he was also staying on till about 1045 Someday is loving a clock and every every rating book we kick the crap out of between 10. Love remember that. Yep. I just mentioned that in passing Because I guess I'm supposed to be real concerned and nervous according to my good close friend herb who wants to leave his phone number I'd love to speak with me anytime. No thanks, sir. Maybe he could explain to you why I hate her Why why he likes Howard better. He doesn't want to miss a word. I don't understand he even he even sometimes slips over to the west coast Feed the case 18 might have missed hours before he's not a good fan or a groupie. He's obsessed. I say I'm obsessed Boy you never know what Howard could have said something I only wish that you and serious could come to some arrangement so you get on he says you and George would be great on satellite There should be no reason why you couldn't continue on QA. I'm gonna do a little something on serious outside of the tent at 2 p.m. I was no thank you for hours today of this crap is more than enough for me Howard is still desperate for programming no kidding her for some reason for well and Danny done a Doosie say I got to be careful. I say they they need to down the douchey have not yet signed Oh, that's another great telly's got on there. I forgot about that Great Yeah, Danny done a douchey. Yeah from the parter family who was in a closet all the time with the John Revolt and the time crews How do you like that? Too bad our Kelly didn't get him So he's got all these see and the he says no one is talking about I know Howard knows about you and I Only speculate there must be some bad blood between you I only hope that somebody would hear you on serious whether it is with or without Howard You deserve to do a little time on free speech radio before we retire It's got nothing to do with bad blood. What it's got to do with is I have a contract here for three more years and You know, they don't have anybody it's under contract anywhere else Because they don't want to buy anybody's contract out there to achieve Howard wants all the money for himself Don't understand. That's why there isn't anybody on there. Oh for me. That kid So the only people they put on are people like Bubba to love sponge who can't get back on trust your radio and for Well and people are gotten fired every world's day ever been including Danny a done of a douchey Regardless herbs says I'll continue to listen to you via downloads unless Howard is in rerun Oh in other words when Howard's in rerun then we get to your herbal get serious line. Oh, I can't wait for Howard to be in rerun There's nothing like live program in you pioneered the concept by letting George do his thing Thanks again for my years of great radio or her been cruel sprints that he's got his phone number What'll you speak with you anytime herb? No chance. I don't know. I'm talking to him like he would be listening I was no there is no chance No, you know you're here to run the job do don't rain. No, there's no chance None So I'm very sorry that I've let you know and after all these years This is exactly what you need to see there's no surprises in South Florida you get exactly what you expect nothing Right, no you get something but it's always a sour you know Remember they because I don't know about people I like to hot and sour super sweet and sour soup Yeah, I don't tire change. I like that a lot. I like but here. It's too hard for you To get the sour part. We're no sweet no hot just the sour like this. That's part of the suckered It's sour. That's right Wow, so thanks a lot, herb, and I'm tearing your message in little pieces now along with your phone number Thank you so much. Here's the pull result I guess we're gonna do the break first because we got a couple of other factions the facts are just pouring in man It's emotional Roger. I'm so step up by This five 16 Don't like Number it's I guess man I do right, but we're ready to do don't get any I do and I can get the I just got to just I didn't just get it I'm on Well take the train You will carpool You see our home You start to do your walk for 20 feet You rather take your SUV You can't drive You can't eat without proof You're in deep You need it for your plastic withdrawal symptoms Make you sit Whoa, you like to think there's lots more under the song. Oh, yeah That's what you think I think truth though Close it to the truth to say your total is spoiled You know you're gonna have to face it. You're addicted to all My as well face it you're addicted to all My as well place it you're addicted to all I'm a lawyer Face it And answer them girls Well It Well 103327 before the hour let's see we got bowl again today between two and four in a spot where Moe used to be we ain't no mole and we got to be following dough night dog four to seven panter people with some we just had the promo and I said you should know that by now panters at the lightning at 730 Could be a pretty well I don't know what it's gonna be we'll see and then any can for the hockey game Whole from yesterday what is the hottest name in sports today they hated this poll like poison We had 1540 votes big trickle for 12. I hate this poll 240. I hate sports 143 Coco Chris bunk 29 pickable street 92 dick pound 83 Dick buck his 44 dick poll 42 the Cody Fag 35 you're fairie Plicycle Burris 25 shack had 25 Kevin pitchnoggle 23 I need the Josh's help on this out of wally come on you can do it at a wally of Winnie a there you go 20 run hit Crap on crap a crap funds oh Thorpe 18 The British off Ferguson 17 run tug about 17 Yang Yang 17 Mike's just F-15 dimbo cool is 15 a follow all know 14 JJ puts and the answer error fought sottie had ten of these George short hose had nine Bob greasy nine x three hip at eight Mickey cut seven we're oh shit tan seven Randall gay had sick gay Lending in townlons and six year old pounder six and our sister that little pint size quarter pounder Tobokki Jones five lake speed five David seamen three lands pitler three redic bunk three Johannes hair bear had only two they I just don't understand it. I don't you think it's kind of unusual name hair bear Yeah, they don't get it The a points to anterior Smith to papy sour to Tobias anger or two Rock or mediate one Steve bowling one Jay baller one Jeff ball one Sean Crooks one Joey cheek one and none for Stefan yell Carl dichas that's because their hockey players and even though they Mames are on list they have no idea how to pronounce so they've to take a little spikes Joey God speed and Jeff pain had the big oh So that was yesterday today we got we don't have much Well, I'm saving the what about me for tomorrow People in South Florida are I think it's a very important pull it's a extraordinarily 43 votes Root and hostile 121 did this one quite a while ago about three years right and the root and hostile one Haley then another probably root and more hostile than ever that's what I voted dumb as dirt 80 that was my vote Just who would like that like her been cruel springs I Still I read it and I've read it twice now once off here, and then I knew and I still can't get over those footsteps But it's somebody would have to send me like oh gee how are you gonna continue? I mean however I like I said before he's been on the air for a long long time and go on till 10 30 10 45 11 o'clock the post game showed And on and I don't and somehow we still survive here. I don't know Mostly okay 85 the people in South Florida like 65 I'm sorry okay, okay, not great come see comes on I hate this pull 29 of course Friendly six and geeks too now Georgia is playing me for the show since I'm an old fart That the word geek has It's more than what they can different meaning now right as in computer geeks like nerds it It means they're used to mean well as opposed to geek like like Robert creeper for example Like a couple of weeks to think of a geek or god workers, but yeah Yeah, but of course luckily there are so few of those in South Florida McCloud star did not we didn't just have an appearance somewhere Fast probe yeah last night and have that come out Fine all the geeks with her they were all there sure they got well I showed up they got with the ice shut up that Gilbert did not though all right That's because it's your appearance he knows you hate him like poison. That's right I hate you stick just like what they wanted Anyway, yes, that we had this just before the end of the show. They're dying in trees. Isn't that the way they always say it in trees or in Yeah, they say trees yeah, through all three three companies whoever they are They're in Mcavin died and Don knots over the weekend and now we got Dennis Weaver The slow-witted deputy Chester good in the TV class of Western Gunsmoke and the New West Dakota deputy Salving New York crime in McCloud Has died an 81 we were done a complications from cancer Friday at home in Ridgeway in South Western Colorado It was a struggling actor in Hollywood in 55 or an 60 bucks a week delivering flowers when it was offered 300 a week for roll and new CBS TV series done smoke by the end of nine years with done smoke He was earning nine grand a week nine thousand a week when we were first audition for the series He found the character of Chester in aim He wrote in his 2001 autobiography all the world's estate that he said to himself with all my actors studio Training I'll correct this character by using my own experiences drawing for myself. That's what he said The result was a well-rounded character that appealed audiences especially with his drawing Mr. Deal and I Don't never watch that show really so I don't remember me. I mean, I knew it was on I'd say remember Transvest channel. Yeah, Festus. In fact, I would have thought Dennis Weaver was Festus. Who was Festus? Some some hate I'll have to look at it man doing a little gun smoke at the end of seven hit seasons Weaver sought other horizons. He announced his departure, but the failures of pilots for his own series cousin were returned to gun smoke on limited bases for two more years the world brought him an Emmy in the 58 59 season In 66 he started with a 600 pound black bear in general ban about a family that dumps a bear as a pen Series was well received that after two seasons Can you hurt it? Who is it Ken Curtis? I don't know who that is CBS decided need more a dollar entertainment canceled gentle ban Festus Hagen No, whatever who's not even time-hagen. Maybe it can help You're out Tom. Next came the character Sam McLeod which we were called the most satisfying role of his career McLeod series is 70 to 77 Thing jester post and no nonsense lawman from Tau's nomenclic on the crime written streets in New York his wild west taxes such as writing his horse from Manhattan traffic Girl vocal polis crazy, but he always saw the case he put in several movies including touch of evil 10 one-ed men gentle giant or that gentile giant seven-angry men drag net way way out in the bridges at Toka-Ri Doesn't this biose anything about door? Oh my god, I'm looking through this it hasn't even mentioned door in here The appearance of the screen and desire office of Charlie winners torn and come back a little sheep over Shirley booth Oh here it is fine, I had to be he appeared and doesn't the TV movies. Oh that's right. It was a TV movie The most notable being the 71 door It was they bravura performance for both fleshing director Steven Spielberg Remember I told you that the other day finally got some right and weaver who played a driver Minus by a large truck that followed him down a mountain road. That's a great movie Is other TV series where Kentucky Jones to Vucky Jones and we'll put an A. S. Stone and Buck James There you go Dennis weaver to vine like flies man Because the Lord works in mysterious ways when it's your time the Lord reaches down tax down the shoulders is your time Come on up and sit around and near my throne and enjoy the aroma This New Rogers This is Neil God I For a flying bird That is not an admission guilt my new I In for 24 hours I didn't see Is he scurvy? I don't know the my press releases, but that's a different story I tried to keep this thing all of a rush Now everyone's aware of it with the exception of prison bush They are same eye in a thing lysine and wasn't the cute date My aim isn't all that great Was never in the army so as a result that was never trained to shoot the bad straight So I say This is a catching tune or is it some gonna cause it so and scooter would know I Shut up and do But the CIA reported at the time he wasn't that you blew And if the CIA says it it's gonna predict you I Unkirt But that in the way in the case that our intelligence failed I prefer to think of it this way the man's face was liberated from the impressive regime of a scoo America is safe very because of it But is oh This missed bye bye. See a dick 1045 with WQM here's a thanks from PRR Ralph your good friend my close close Corporal part of it. Pleasure to hear you the past 18 years since I came down from your city or a breath of fresh air and say how it is a fresh A fresh air and me you be on here another 30 years I'm asking you to have you a masculine child and I'll always listen thanks for the entertainment It's the best for the price that's right even a twice the price is still well worth it Thank you for your afternoon saying about Howard for how he listens to us Thanks for listening into the juicer everything else Yeah, I'm like my good close friend her who thinks I'm gonna give him a call so I can like bomb Here's one from Kenny as somebody Ken Lutz Maybe Ken is from Lutz Congratulations on 30 years. I guess question Mark. Okay, just a quick note on a state of my two hockey teams team Canada So I'm gonna talk about our main police suck both teams coach by mr. Quinn coincide and I think not Course mr. Quinn didn't pick the players for team candidate or five frankly for the least either but nevertheless have a good day Came from the hometown of Phil Antonio's Pazito Ron Francis and where the bees are lives now I don't know where he's talking about but if if the bees are lives there now I sure if there's a lot of nice white people there the bees are a little racial problem anyway A David the fact is and says boy bad penmanship David. Holy you see this one from yesterday What the facts what about it? I grew up and I said bad penmanship. Oh I grew up in Boston listening to Larry Glick Terry Williams and many others probably Carl the Suis and probably Jefferson K and they've Manored and Jade Dunn and Arnie Wu will Ginsburg but anyway We'll tear 92 and found you right away you've been making my day ever since on your 30th anniversary Just have to write and say thanks to the best of all of them. I hope you don't retire anytime soon Well, thanks a lot David and through your penmanship, but thank you very much Yeah, that was those of the days man Boston media was great was long time ago and then what happened? Well, I'll just like radio turned into a yeah radio Like when you're a style when I do you used to be great down here too? Well, I don't remember that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the phone calls are just pouring in the telegrams the Vences of congratulations and just it's like I said when you work in South Florida expect nothing right and they'll never let you down They will never ever disappoint that a card that I said yesterday did one that I'm sure you were just reading from right now There was a coil on the front of it, but I didn't facty that picture coil a coil I don't know say anything, but there's It's probably supposed to be cute see here's Cliff who says have listened to Howard I like him But I would read those in the you for the number number one the colors and your reaction and number two You attack religion the government number three the South Florida connection You have so thanks for making that you turn well. I don't know what that means I was born around the time You came out of the closet keep it up cracker three years Cliff says Do you understand any of this it's like incoherent three years what old and was it three years of the McDonald's and he Oh Cliff is it Jamaican oh it's your ankle of the pool man. Oh, I thought it was You thought this is just a pool man. Get out of here. No one's Cliff. Oh, this ain't Okay, thanks Cliff what I need said that he ran a little Look, I'm not one of those people that worries about what other people are listening to if you like Howard if you like Standing pages whatever you like listen to old bills midtapes. I'm a care what have a good time I don't worry about such nonsense. I never have that's why I never been paranoid about to talk about other radio stations Are other people on your who cares who gives a crap as long as I get paid twice a month close to on time That's all I care about and then that's the freaking truth by the way we from Friday's payday clearance And clearance see you next time Nobody Q a m hello hello Deal yes, sir. How are you sir? Good just wanted to call what you've been listening to you on many different stations over the course of many years I appreciate all the last and the thought for a conversation and just one shameless request if you would Okay, and I sir get it just it just make me what my pants. It really does well get do now is not allowed Get ragged it with the for it. All right Thanks, pal. Thank you She didn't say anything about he will list to listen to old tapes of Craig Worthing or whatever you know At least just on for the old David gravy line tape set your service from KAT those of these special Or the old Shirley Spellaberg and our shinders show see I rather watch your earth shindler on TV Then shindlers list. I know I'm not gonna watch it Oh, I remember how much I paid for but I have anybody want a copy a shindler first I got you it's a keeper actually. Oh, you want it sure a lot of the year one of these days very good in the right mood 567. Oh 560 pound 560 and a Verizon and singular wireless line sure Let's some other adjectives out here for self-evidence People in South Florida are only got like six choices on there. It's not not to end one of them is I hate this poll So I'm sure they're probably other ones I'm probably just too cynical. That's all I've been ever there too long And I tell people that I was there too long and I grew to hate it like poison I think people feel that way about a lot of places like New York or wherever for South Florida So that's what I just said yeah Reiter yeah, or Detroit or South Florida again. There comes W to Q a and hello Q a m Line one it's actually working and they couldn't get it out W to Q a and hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir Congratulations 30 years. I know it's worth never be directed to get it so I wanted to give you an early congratulations I'm sorry to man. Yes, I mean we like father actually check the sound my father used to listen your dating show And then I started listening to you on the day-to-day the beginning of the day-to-day Would you like to work? You had me at the Capitol audience's accent so congratulations Neil thanks a lot and they care about it. Thanks, Sally All right I like that no work complaints There may be some of my nervous behavior these next two days now. Yeah, a lot of them don't mean it, but that's okay Now that was a seriously it's not that I'm ungrateful to the people of support of the show all these years Because otherwise they'd have been long gone right it's the silent crowd the the non-cours The passive people a little bit too passive. He asked me but nevertheless they've been very supportive and that's great And I appreciate it as someone I know would say appreciate it Lobo used to say that No, he didn't say that who was it said that I appreciate I don't know Somebody said WQAM hello QAM Hey, I like to speak to me. Oh speaking Neil congratulations our condolences whichever. I'm both I finally figured it out how You do all of our Fencing and you make our life a little easier after all these years you've been for Yeah, that's why I have high blood pressure because I have to like go, you know get all whipped up to for and the benefit of the only passive people down here Well all of the Chulians of your listeners we do really appreciate you Okay, thanks a lot, Pally you up. See you put that tongue away man Oh that was emotional I should have tier I'd not really I want to hear from somebody who was conceived as a result of that dating show he used to do I don't think that's gonna happen. I went one without a bin that would have been like around 80ish I would say 80's okay 80's maybe 82 and three so that's possible for somebody like 2425 right it could have been conceived You might be here now because I did that dating in my video. I'm WNWS they would owe you their life Oh my god was that show ponderous and then we made the mistake I don't know if you even I got told about it the picnics that we had and believe me They were no picnic So people have actually come and you know meet and greet in the lay eyes on the other Grotesque I mean the beautiful people and then you'll never get in the fact that was when Bobby Heimann and then there were some other I see I really pissed a lot of people off of that thing Because over these dating services where they you know would make money from it was a business And I cut into their business because people didn't have to spend any money on this it was just a free service on a show and People have called in and give out their phone number which sure nowadays. I don't think they would do but And nobody got killed that I know of But so the regular commercial dating services got really peo So what they would do is every time we'd have a dating picnic Yeah, is there with an infiltrate with some of their own people and I don't remember Brilliant. Yeah, no no and guess who they slept to what a couple of times they would bring them out kill bird no Close my my my oh my my my they wish I'd come out there So just use him as kind of like a weapon if you don't stop doing a dating video We're gonna like bring him out to your house. We're like Oh, yeah, I would have had a lot of fun now hooking him up with all kinds of things Yeah Boss you the That's how it is here's a beautiful woman we're sitting next to you right now, right and it's Gilbert Well, I think it would be a good match good at any rate That's a dating short picnic. I think that was the beginning of the end of the whole thing I dropped it I don't remember how long I did that probably too long And then of course we had gay dating on there too, and that was just that was hiding that well 560 pound five 60 knee Verizon singular wireless lines. Let's do a dating show. Oh, there we go Next time one of your sales people get some pretty an idea about trying to hoard the show Let's get one of the dating services to come in and we'll have a date show That'd be good for you for me in Josh. Yeah Yeah, good a lot inside their Josh. I'm sure you can move time that Russian peace they're gonna a side dish right. Well, he's open for new things Yeah WQ I am hello Yes, sir Okay, thanks, Pally. Alright, but yeah, sure it's sweet. I mean, no, just just make the effort you have that made you really creative We can kill today in a Marwood as crap Thanks for the memories course Bob hope is dead. I don't want me to see an atsox Oh, I will say this much. I don't want to like pet myself in a back too much But just spontaneously I can be funny you're in two minutes in Bob hope ever wasn't as well We're because of money he made you could make fun of your faces and be money. Not as funny as we're a little but never- Oh, geez It's not talent that counts it's timing. It's like going to the casino It's just blind luck timing sitting down at the right spot of the right machine at the right time, man you gotta be at the right my sheen Play the other day a couple of machines down and this guy is just punching his hand He keeps getting spin after spin 25 and 30 and 40 and 20 and he looks like he's right above the very human Respect guy made me look like mini mouse. I mean just a huge guy 400 pounds easy How he didn't break that chair. I have no idea even nice enough guy though and Finally boom 3000 line and He turns to me and he says this was great. He says I could feel a coming. I knew it And I didn't want to say things. I don't want to like pee on his parade. You know, I was happy for him But I would have rather had it myself, but he knew it was coming I wanted to say oh, yeah, how'd you know that? Let me know how that works He could feel oh look at that. I'm watching him birds out him cheek ins man I think maybe we can get our big party He came to buy a cure flu chicken a mile this is evil This is five 16 This is the new Roger show Question Mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn Well, sir, we're just scouting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me But sir, who we've done with me or 20 times square point out in three in Why don't we get the blue burn all here? I start but sir look all we've done with midtown man had 40 seconds treat is incredible I know what publicly I support it that but you took all the point away. You tell me I'm going through gammacom like kids we're just scouting areas calm down Let me but much don't tell me to calm down. We've got working with we low in stage 128 million dollars. No, you're trying to ruin the whole mid work We're kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute You dream us You're a couple bar crap all over your shell or When you're self up for heaven's sake And hang off the module play this Good god, sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with America? I don't good God you're still running James Bob movie. They're 60 years old Why don't you just put steam book really on it? Don't want it. Please don't make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in fiction now We have the new M. Knight Chumman movie coming all the way to the camera All signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield time? You've got a start swing in some of these titles past me Remus Remus I know you can't hear me Remus Take that bloser All right, I Yes, sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I've done what you what? But I've done what the sir. I'll put hands down in your job But sir, you're terrible Torn they're poor rumors in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus What a wonderful day Get out of here. You're not bad. I was thinking of loving very careful next time We started your jag rhymes with fag clearance 1102 at 560 WQAM a CBS news poll finds President Bush is approval rating is fallen to an all-time low of 34% While pessimism about the Iraq wars risen to a new high Americans are also overwhelming we opposed to the Bush back deal giving Dubai owned the company operation control over the six major US force including Miami 710 Americans including 58% of Republicans say they were opposed to these agreement sounds like 70% to me 710 Yeah CBS news senior White House correspondent Jim Axelrod now reports it turns out the Coast Guard had concerns about the ports deal We got that story later on what doing now also Chinese approval rating is down to 18% Then down from down from 23% January only 18% of the public say they have a favorable view of your vice President Americans were evenly split. I whether now Chinese explanation why there was a lay in the front of the accident was satisfactory What was the booze was just good as they claimed it was? Oh, it's big of a dick Vice President change this is according to inside which is a right way magazine and sometimes the right and sometimes are not Vice President did change his expected to retire with an ear Senior GOP services and vision retirement restor Cheney in 2007 Months after the congressional elections the sources say Mr. Cheney would be persuaded to step down as he becomes an increasing political I ability to present a bush The sources reported a growing rift between the president and the vice president as well as their staff They said a Mr. Cheney's favorite immediately tell the president the accidental shooting of the hunting colleague earlier this month What has been learned the incident until 18 hours later? Mr. Cheney's next crisis could take place by the end of the year the sources said they say the White House was expecting change Defendant suffocated charges from his former chief of staff Louis Scooter liby that the vice president ordered him to relay classified information Such a charge could later working congressional investigation even in Pete from proceeding Nothing will happen until after the congressional elections a GOP source said and after that There will be significant changes in administration and Cheney probably will be part of that How do you like that already centers expect special counsel tactics with stilto investigate whether Mr. Cheney authorized Mr. Libby to divulge classified materials and on a coast Well that be something it be something See people saying they didn't want bush to get in peace because then Cheney Really, you be present put in again. There would be nothing different than what it is now when in this case Yeah, if Cheney resided will really be bad because then bush would become president Oh, the cute Not cute for true. Yes, and very dangerous Five six seven oh five six you don't talk about crooks there you go there still be a burlusconi from Italy man I real crook The world's biggest perhaps centers bush and right next to him when I dumb stupid look on his face like when do we eat the rabbit? Ollies, you know Look at that Burlusconi and bush the BB brothers Doesn't be a be may can mushrooms. I think oh, but it's a good I think the world in butter butter yeah, yeah, I'm like butter in the can you remember butter in the can sure just support me something about that People in South Florida are we have 496 votes How much have I refresher we got like 500 not gonna make any difference 497 root in hostile 272 dumb as dirt 97 mostly okay 86 I hate this pool 34 friendly six We'll have them at them yet and geeks two at a 497 Just amazing, but man people would say well, that's because it's your crowd kneeling just doing it to suck up to you sure they are How hi yeah, even our friend Carolyn remember the attorney Carolyn Or fact is fact in yesterday's he's moving a Pittsburgh. I got news for him and it's got a pretty bad when you move to Pittsburgh That's your tell y'all you need to know oh Josh and favorite line nine is ring and Q a m hello Yes, sir, I sent a George an email last time. I don't know before did it on to you about Have you ever seen a documentary called 911 loose change? No, one of the best I have ever seen this thing Exposes all the B. Yeah, yeah, it's a great stocked-maner Since the length to George he can now afford it on to you okay and Had a question for you The top 30 man Did you're always Yeah, what is that from oh geez Was that a caller or was that a call or was that a call? I'm about played a bit after the next break. We'll play the bit it's puffed out and read you see never heard that bit Going to be on the anniversary scene I'll play in a minute just don't get surly with this guy You know the way you said is certainly like in a patient Yeah, see you in a bathroom this guy's turning into a copy cop It's all because I'll say all the time. I will explain it later. I stay away from him if I were you Yeah, for a poll. Yeah South for a VM for the bit Okay, that's gonna get a lot of votes thanks, Pally. Waiter. See you It's on a disk that's coming out just be paying for you Just saying because everybody has about it hostile and there you go. There's a reason to buy it Wow, I can understand why though because you're there. Yeah, and it sucks lots of issues it really does suck though the best South for Indians are the rest That ought to be a real hood and then of course say you vote for yourself like I am the best. I'm the greatest It'll make you feel pretty good even if you're a bathroom Let's see here's a dentist who sends me a fact. He says do you have a lot of corrects but you want your 30 if Versus my name is Marvin. He's got his last name. I don't use people's last names on here I've met you a few 10-themed remember our son Sean Oh Who unfortunately has been extremely ill the past for years Savir also did coal lighters leading to removal of his colon and many many hospital stays not operations with the goal of attempting to make a new colon out of a small intestine Jesus He's an editor at the Marco Island Eagle and he's got his email here I was for 27 years there are a few people who have had my respect as much as you you've entertained in form for 30 years My entire family's appreciated you and you count for all these past years very Stay well very healthy and again gradually But very truly yours Marvin is last name well, I'll give my best to Sean Marvin. That's a grotesque news Man just like that fact. I had to leave about for infeedment just died Is there not just I mean a couple years ago? Was like here in the bill called his wife died several years ago. I mean, what is this all about you know So my mother always used to say what's it all about? Alphi What is it all about? That's about getting paid and then died. Yes, that's it getting paid and on time and then dying Jonathan plantation says congratulations on 30 years in the business So go into business all you punk so that I heard pipe or high and all the other you had VOM I'll do not even the business just forget about this business it blows it sucks. It's a killer Especially when you got a guy's been listened since 87 it sends you a fact goes out of his way to send it His long emotional facts and tells you listen to how it every day and the post game show and a pregame show and then the West Coast feed and the Cockamoon feed and the out of this world feed Man And thank you so much for making my morning and afternoon heck of a lot more plus than every little bit helps when you live in a toilet Says that's right you're living in a toilet I can almost hear that I'm getting feeling flush just think it about it And above all thanks to opening my eyes to the hypocritical religious bastards and corrupt political landscape in this country Happened to give a damn here's one other 30 years to Jonathan and plant a 500 nine posts On the pool The best of a far as God. Oh, I just went on there. You know give them some time People and stuff for what really are the best, aren't they? Come on. Oh, yes That's what I've been you folks are the best God you are like responsive and you're like Dynamic and you're like activist and you're like really care about the things that come a lot like the dolphins and stuff like that In pertain stuff like sports talk for example And then there's still there's still Hock and Marty Grond see it and this is 24 seven coverage man Marty grond this is the new diversion. It's the new Security blanket that they're hiding under all this other corruption and crack going on and they're Hock and Marty grond I mean I think I'd be grudge New Orleans, but what's that? Is this gonna do to put these people lives back together again? So brings a lot of money into the people are in business there. What are they gonna do with it? You know what I'm saying maybe since it's not also Brian where he belongs in outer space on the spatial what a jackass And they all got there outfits on and they hold the illness celebrating the holiday that that's America for you man Have it a big party People are dollars people that are dead. Are they we building the leaves? No, not the leaves I thought the George Morton leave you ever see that is Stan Burstie one said you have to be Jewish to enjoy the leavey That was right at poorem time too That's when he inspents the Ross reading home and touched on racing from Roosevelt Somebody Q a m hello Q a m Hey, oh God, yes, sir. You know what Who owns is the worst place? It's almost as bushweeds here could be the two worst towns in the whole US and it's a lot filled here The Maratai did not at least not thought it's got the palm trees in the ocean. Orleans is a toilet. Oh my god Yeah, you know what you're absolutely right about the comedy thing It is just so bad that it's all laughing at the characters. There's no real comedy and Bob hope is just he's always the worst Yeah, I never heard of anything funny in my life anyway, maybe we try was born Just crap anyway. Thank you so much You're irreplaceable. Okay, thanks, pal. And and in close closing Hey, Joyce, you want to want to want to stalk you back. Okay Haha Oh Just like that movie losing it though Right, and that's because John stock one wasn't it probably all it's speaking of What was I just had something so important. I was gonna pass along. It's probably just as well I forgot it Whether about you red one because no was not about time cruises much more important than I was really a very poor taste 12 minutes past so I'll work out and remember you're during the break 12 minutes past the hour We got to whoa campber coming up in two. I don't know I call him by his last name You know, because it's important thing there. You just go into it. Yeah, the last thing both came for a two-man ditch before and the Panthers stuff followed by 80 can't get a hockey. That's kind of is against the lighting baby and only yoken and he's going bye-bye and Roberto along go bye-bye The Allen Colomans think the horses Allen The party in the world This is five sixty two days Me comes the sequel to a film about for good love That's even more for a baby there. Go back my room to return to the sheep Life is so much simpler of here. I don't need Jack. I don't need my wife. I don't need Oh, they're what it's you a part of the thing. It's a good sweet can on a line There are species we haven't tried it could be like this just like this always Go back mountain to return to the sheep. Oh, where should I could quit your lamb shop? 1160 what was the name sure he Lewis Lewis very good lame job? Anyway, I just remember what I was going to say that I was talking about people trying to be funny who aren't like Bob Hope right Well, yes, why so I'll give you a clue on what you'll ask now. I'm interested in us and I am You know, and I hesitate to say it because it's not politically correct especially the crowd under the end of a hundred No John Stewart was on last night for the hour would Larry for the hour. Oh, God One Nothing Larry. No, I'm not talking about Larry. I'm talking about John Stewart Yeah, he was not funny. I don't imagine that he would be on Larry the show is very funny the daily I mean Well, I showed some clips actually they showed more clips from Letterman than needed from his show Yeah, I thought was kind of bizarre But He was just and he tried so hard to be funny and of course Larry is a lot of funny is John and Sumer on your back and it's just it was just horrible. I sat there and I'm much about three five minutes And I said to myself why are you doing this trust me the the daily show is funny I see the clips but but he by himself is not I didn't use the blanket. I had the same opinion of him a long time ago. He tries to force it right But anyway I Would reason don't say that don't mean I can John Stewart in the daily show all your listeners I don't think I'm 100 watch that. He's been the only person on TV saying it like it is. Yeah And don't forget Lou Dobbs. Oh, well Religion all of a sudden that Yeah, he got struck by the a lot of a bolt of lighting or something man Lou does in the apartment we're being pushed in ass now night after night I'll certainly not see network man. It must be foaming it them out. How much a day in a batch and wolfed Let's create our planning his assassination as we speak Lou Doves When you think sure at least p.n. his coffee. All other guy. You know how probably wouldn't join that Think of bash my ass Oh and guess what they're still doing there on the CNN I want I wonder if MSNBC is is up to their earlobes in this an Orleans crap I mean this is just outrageous yes Look at that Louisiana's recovery martygral the state and the challenge is ahead Louisiana's Santa Center Mary by the way, but I mean by the boop, but I'm up don't you look nice She's okay. So he's a little butch to me to be honest. Do you ever notice that about her? No, she looks very butch Coast guard had concerns on port deal Siding broadgaps and US intelligence. I think that's becoming an RC more on isn't it? Yeah US intelligence has been the Coast Guard cautioned a bush administration weeks ago Then it could not determine whether a United Arab Emirates base company seeking a stake in some US port operations might support terrorist operations The disclosure came during a hearing Monday on Dubai on D.P. World's Plants take over significant operation in Sicily the US ports The Bush administration said the Coast Guard concerns are raised during its review of the deal We said approved in where 17 and then all those questions were resolved There are many intelligence gaps concerning the potential for D.P. W. or P. N. O'assets to support terrorist operations It concludes an overall threat assessment of the potential merger the unclassified Coast Guard intelligence assessment said The breath of the intelligence gaps also infer potential unknown threats against large number of potential Vulnerability the assessment said the Coast Guard said the concerns reflected in the document All in the word Dressed in a statement the Coast Guard said other US intelligence agencies were able to find answers to the questions it raised and And the parent of that Dubai based firm at the center of the political storm in the US of a purchase of American ports Participates in the Arab boycott against Israel the Jerusalem Post reports The firm Dubai ports world D.P. W. Is seeking control over six major US ports including those we know that it's entirely owned by the government of Dubai via Holden Company called the PC ZEC Ports Customs and Zoal Free Zone Corporation Which consists of the Dubai port authority the Dubai Custom Department and the Jebel Air Ali Free Zone area I wonder if that's the related Jezebel by Frankie Lane on Columbia Records Jezebel number that no what you have on Mule train remember Mule train by Frankie Lane What year 1802 yes, of course the boycott is still in place and is still in force my hand on Rajshid Adin a staff member of the Dubai Custom's departments or a fist for the boycott of Israel told the Post and telephone interview If a product contained even some components that were made in Israel you wanted to report it to Dubai It would be a problem he said I'd be noted that while the head office for the anti Israel boycotts It's in Damascus he and his fellow staff members are paid employees of the Dubai Customs to promote the division of PC ZEC The same Dubai government owner that runs Dubai Port World more over high ever the post found at the website for device Jebel Ali Free Zone area Which is also part of the PC ZEC Advises and supporters they'll need to comply with the terms of the boycott you asked law by the way. I just mentioned this in passing Father paranoia you asked law bars firms from complying with century question or cooperating with the attempt by your government's to boycott Israel I He says that His office examinance certificates of origin is means of verifying whether a product originally in the Jewish state So in other words anything that might have been shipped out of Israel even like a ball bearing was made there even if like a tiny piece of Mata was in there they ain't gonna ship it. They're gonna Schmidt cannon no doubt how do you like that? Those Iranians man and it was a Hamas pass you didn't recognize our friend Israel They're evil doors they're part of the axis of evil But now the a UAE people which is up to their earlobes and fed and business with Neil Bush and pop a bush and WB And every day I'm other bush. Well, that's a different story. We don't want to piss off the air of street Must be a lot of people peeled on the air of street because grizzly attacks another secretary in violence on least by last week's bombing of that She might muslim shrine of killed more than 13 hundred Iraqis Making the past weekend don't forget your vice president shoot him up dick Is the one that told us months and months and months ago now that the insurgency was waning the fight against it also window At least it's finger anyway. I can't say which one he stuck his finger off the window. He discovered it was waning The past few days now are the deadliest of the outside of major US offensive are going to bag that's mean more The tool was more than three times harder than the figure previously reported by the US military and the news media More than 1300 that's since Wednesday by the way Hundreds of unclaimed dead bodies late the mortgage midday yesterday blood caked men who had been shot knife Yerid did or apparently suffocated by plastic bags stuck over their heads Many of the bodies were spot where their hands still bound and many of them had wound up at the morgue after what their family said was their abduction by the muslim army The she-at militia of Kirk Moktata al-Sadar All right, they're doing it. Maybe things are fantastic over there. Oh, we're fine. There's another one who died on a stand-stored for what what is going on here, man? What the hell is going on? You know this supposed to be like an orderly progression of things Right, yeah, you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm if we had a god if there was really such a thing as a god a loving god Instead of this ratful a hateful god, it like has always BAAA! He's his wrath is waxing hot He might be the water not see Maybe he can resign too. Okay. I think this guy out of like step down. He's not doing too good. Let's get another god in the to one thing There he goes got to be an improvement. I would be seeing all these people dying for all these diseases and if any of all these damn creatures These damn little things that bite and kill them spiders and snakes and crap Remember that star spiders and snakes by Jim Stanford very very good. Well, you're sure Tony love that sounds recent sins And boy, there's a multitude of them. That's what Josh court is told me and Josh Dero and he ain't Josh And by the way, Clarence don't ever call here again. I will hang up on him if you ever call sir again Even if he just calls today happy anniversary quick. I don't want to talk to him There it is spiders and snakes. Jim West Stanford. Great. Remember his variety show Yeah, it's not come out five minutes. It's a few five minutes That's enough. Oh, okay. I wonder if he's came to art Stanford Junior US troops in Iraq here's in that was zagmie pool. This is gonna you think the pull on bushing chaney was exciting 34% for your president by the way a popularity rating that is staggering 34% 18% for the real president Tood above dick The moind college zagmie pool shows just one in five troops wants the he bushes call and stay as long as they need it in Iraq 58% say the mission is clear 42% say the US roll is hazy Remember those lazy hazy crazy days of summer or her not king cool. I bet you don't have that No, no god Oh, no, I can't You'll meet a dollar Jim is this I really wish you to watch it You're such an awesome light. I try to look at them to do with anti-Semite. It's like eating chicken I was Jewish even fed chicken all your life. You don't want more chicken and as it can time to stop eating chicken by the word That's right forget about the fact that of the scenario It's about a fairy heroic man that has a great story and it's okay Very well and he deserves to have attention paid to him because we don't have anybody like that in the world right now. Oh, I see Not even how we know buddy. No, no. Well sure But it was go against the grain even though he lost everything and could have gotten himself killed for doing what he was doing instead of being an opportunity We're after we started conducting those trips to China run the same time for a similar Plorality of our troops believe that Iraqi insurgents are mostly home grown Almost 90 cropping doors retaliation for Sodom's rule in 911 Which of course there was money most don't blame your rocky public for insurgent attacks Majority troops opposed use of harsh prisoner interrogation and plurality troops pleased with their armor and equipment a plurality banana majority And overwhelming majority said a two percent of American troops serving in Iraq. Thank you I should exit the country within the next year nearly one and four say the troops should lead immediately The new pull conducted in conjunction with the Moin Collins is sent a for peace global study showed at 29% of the respondents serving in various branches The armed forces including the national guard 29% said the U.S. should leave Iraqi immediately while another 22% said they should leave in the next six months Another 21% said troops should be up between six and 12 months while 23% say the said they should stay as long as they're needed I'd like that 72% say out this year please gazing you're on to them I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now not the national guard Right not the national guard national guard the Not let this no national go at no Come on For Sí Cool And by the sun, he shot his body hairy. And now he's got a heartache. Because of his mistake, says it was the worst day of his life. Hell I bet it did, could it choose again? And when she shot, when there's a lie, If well-saved, come down to Zell, If it was only three, On your left, tell us that it was friends. Hell will still be Zell. When these guy come, you should hide behind trees Are your chest still look like you're far, And it's like, it's like, it's for you, But it's the big city. Okay, one thing about people like John Stewart, The way that the media, the mass media operates, They're always going to come off looking bad, unless they're in their own venue, In their own right, you're right. I'm just telling you, because John Stewart went on seeing in that time, They invited him on, and he ripped him in ashes, And said the show sucks, and they went off the air shortly thereafter, And he was right with Tucker Carlson. But he called him up, just like a ball of bozo. It's like the last time, Gervitt All was on, And if you were on some show, it was on CNN. I think it was on Crossfire. And they made him look like a dottering old fool, Which he most certainly is not. And he was telling it exactly like it is, But they don't want to hear that. They don't want people like John Stewart on the air. They don't want the public being treated to the truth once in a while. So stick to your own things, John, And of course he's going to be doing the Oscars this weekend, Sunday. And Larry asked him only about 75 times. Like you never said about it, what do you think? How do you think? Oh, Larry, please. Please, Larry. Go eat some home and touch, and it's at comedy here. Dressed in all black, former stripper turned weight loss for older animals, Cool Smith fought her way through a strong of photographers, Autograph seekers today. See, this is the important stuff. That's right. On her way to a Supreme Court showed down her bid to inherit her late husband's fortune. Smith didn't say a word, didn't say any autographs, and she and lawyer tried to slip into a side door of the court. They tried to come in the sideways. It wouldn't let him come in the back way. With millions of dollars on the line, Legal issues stemming from an nasty family, feud over the fortunate Smithslight husband, Jay Howard Marshall, the second. Turns out whether the state or federal courts have jurisdiction in the matter. See, he has news correspondent Wyatt Andrews has Smith lost her battle in court in Texas, while a federal court said she's owed 88 million. But the question is, is the federal court have the right to order the money paid off in the state? When a state court has already said, No. Smith, he spoke to him for a diet product company. Oh, it's speaking to that. I don't want to talk about her anymore. Of course, she's talking about dieting. Oh, my God. Right? That, that, that, Jenny Craig thing. I've got a lot of people. I don't know. Sir, I don't know your target about it. She has become. Curse the alley has become so. She's not even a human. I don't know what the hell she is. Well, of course, he's a son of a caricature of herself. He's one of the people right at on those spaceships when the Scientologist came in. That could be. She's a pod person. Yeah. Oh, my God. And of course, always had a second. When she's shoveling at the time, he calls her. Yeah. And she's shoveling the federal team down her. And she's not that push. And at every spot ends with her. And of course, it's not her anyway. Like, you know, they got a stunt person who and stuff. And she's shimmying. She's like shimmy. Well, I have no idea what that is. You know, I'll get supposed to be sexy or whatever. She's about as sexy as a watermelon, you know. Good, God. She is grotesque. nauseating. But nevertheless, it's their money, you know. Right. College. Yeah. She shoveling the federal team. Tounds of it. Cookie. Yeah. That's one of my favorites. All of whom I didn't talk. Six ice cream sandwiches. Yeah. They were the small ones though. But even if they wouldn't have been the small ones, if they just had the bigger ones, they probably had four or five of those. Fashillock Clarence. See, this man is trying to kill me. He doesn't. He pretends he doesn't get it. He gets it. But he pretends he doesn't get it. Because he knows that if anybody will listen to me, he'll be back to sports. There's a writing stories about you and basketball as opposed to pretending to be a program director. The major market radio station needs a real program director even a hum per se that this morning. And the Humper was like his mentor. His mentor to a bit your mistakes. Why? The mentor. And while I'm his mentor, and that's why he's trying to kill me with these psychotic neurotic calls. And you know, get me to go out and eat ice cream sandwiches by the, rather, dozen. They're awfully good though, why though. Yeah. I know I like them. Yeah. Didn't use to. I'll take away. I used to really like a lot. I'm a little bit. I haven't had one in years. Is the Carvelle flying saucers? Okay. Speaking about it this world. Yeah. Have you ever had those? Yeah. I have. The chocolate one. But a long time. There was no much to it. There was frozen because they don't move in that dry. So they didn't have for like, and then they get freezer burn, you know? Yeah. There's no cookie plus. There's anything that's really bad is freezer burn on ice cream. Oh, anything but a spicy ice cream. Oh. You ever had you ever done that kind of a store? Yeah. And you really dying for ice cream, you know? You're dying to record or a half gallon whatever it is. And you bring it home and you open it and you realize that the freezer compartment in the store, the electric obviously was off. And so everything that was in there like thought and then we were really proud. Yeah. No. And you've got to live and you see all this mong. I still eat it though. Do you? I think I'm going to like have that much willpower to wait and go back to the store and get a different container. Yeah. You take it back. No. People in South Florida are 500 and 3 votes. I'm surprised we haven't had more choices for this course. I'm not taking any calls. There's that vault headed torture or John Nagropati, the butcher of Latin America. But anyway. Root and hostile 312. Dom is dirt 115. Mostly okay 104. By the way, is anybody going to send me the Harold thing like from the newspaper? Am I just going to have a like an actual, a kind of physical copy of it? Do we still have one in there that room there, Josh? That's the one. Stick it in there on the other way. Stick it. There are dumbest dirt 115. That's for sure. Mostly okay 107. Come see com sa. Neither fish nor foul. Although a little more foul. I hate this pool 41. Friendly seven. Yeah. The best two and geeks two. Two friendly geeks. They show up at the George's appearance. Perfect. Got what he eyes? No, there were more than two. What if anyway? Who the other geeks they're two? I'm not sure. I'm sure. Sorry that I stopped doing those appearances. Yeah. But especially the one guy that always wore the t-shirt that had a puppet sticking out all the time. I used to come to the hockey games. Wow. I guess I haven't even mirrors in his house. I can't wait for the day when I can afford to stop. People are worried about my wardrobe. Man, take a look at a mirror yourself. Some of you people walk outside the house and public like that. Good God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And today, and 30 years, see tomorrow, I guess is the anniversary. But somebody pointed out against us was coming back to the thanks again for the nice article Kevin was pretty damn good. It was fine. It was all positive. It was a nice suck up job, right? Right? Now that hatched in job, he looked at the expected hero. Thanks to the photographer leader. It took 400 pictures they used one. But she was very nice. And she actually seemed to know who I was, which you know. I don't know if that was what her plan. That's the first. No, that was very good. 20 till noon we got Kim Bo-Kampert to talk about the important stuff. We got the, and then we got, oh man, Thursday, you think it's exciting that we got the Panzer Stern up again tonight. We got Marlins exhibition's baseball Thursday. In honor of that new stadium that's going to be building down there in a homestead. You'd go on down there when it ends of course, John. Well, Josh, probably see you've got out of that thing just in time. That's whatever one keeps telling me. Because first of all, they're going to have like a little league team. That's number one. And number two, who'd have watched this shut the homestead? I used to think a lot of good drives down there, Joe. I said it. He'll rather be. This. I don't know if you have any. Please. Talk radio, other heard in my life with NWOD. Sounds like tomorrow. Yes and not. Every time he sees you. Just go play God once it's a fate. Once the cake is in and cover it, the sweet. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again because he wants to make new or lose two scoops. And I want to share what people are saying. Like I said, we have black people. His time is out as I'm sure the God has made. The compares the most with who will really want the bond. Shocked. Reign it again. Yes, Reign it again. Reign it again. Reign it again because he wants to make new or lose two scoops. It's time for us to come together. This time for us to rebuild a new world. It's the one that should be uptown. All the way out with the hope. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new wall. He never takes the blame. For anything he says. Shocked. Captain, the debate that you'll bring in. Some coffee and a full off-worn ball dance. Reign it again. Reign it again. No, I can't. Reign it again because he wants to make new or lose two scoops. You can't have the wall. There's no other way. It was a painful wall. I can't know how high are we where the story about yesterday. He has a yearning to watch the chocolate down with you. You're wasting. And the reason I played that is not because all this hoopla about New Orleans again in Katrina and the just drowning us if you're important and expert in the sea of New Orleans again. But because of the chocolate part. Yeah. Leave it to the Dutch to help demonstrate the health benefits of chocolate. This is so asynized. But I already did only because it's amusing to me. A study of older men in the Netherlands known for its lushest chocolate. Which is volonia. Why was the Netherlands known for its lushest chocolate? That is the Swiss Belgium. Yeah. It was said that where I guess. How big are you? Since they said that. No, the Netherlands is not known for its lushest chocolates. Okay, that's crap. Indicated those who ate the equivalent of a third of a chocolate bar. If they had a lower blood pressure, it was risk of death. So, in other words, either third of a candy bar. What are 10 grams? Yeah. Talk to the day. Yeah. That would be really good for somebody like me who's addicted to sugar. It's just a third of a candy bar. You're supposed to be 140. The researchers say, however, it's totally to conclude it was chocolate that led to better health. The men who ate more cocoa products could have shared other qualities that made him healthier. Maybe that we do like a lot of drugs. Experts also point out that even too much chocolate can make you fat or risk for both heart disease and have blood pressure. No, Schmidt. How do you like that? Wow. Experts also point out that. See, have to be experts in those things like that. You have to be a chocolateologist. It's way too early in my recommendation about what the people see more cocoa or chocolate said, Brian, Boise, a nutritional at the epidemiologist and wagging it in wagging it in the University of the Netherlands. He'll call off of the study. It's probably on the payroll of like all the chocolate companies in Europe. Probably the Nestle's people are like feeding him through a giant tube. Still, the Dutch study supported by grants from the Netherlands Prevention Foundation appears to be that the largest so far to document a health effect for cocoa beans. It also confirms fine and just smaller shorter terms studies that length chocolate with lower blood pressure. Researchers examined the eating. Look at this. They collected that out from more than a decade. A Dutch man ages 65 and older. The exam of the eating happens at 470 healthy men who are not taking blood pressure in our pressure medicine. The people away from most products made from cocoa beans, including cocoa, milk, chocolate, and chocolate, and chocolate pudding. And lower blood pressure and 50% lower risk of death. 50% lower risk of death. I'm going to go out and get 40 times the chocolate right during the next break. I'm having some chocolate coffee right now. Coco beans contain flapping oils which are thought to increase nitriac acid and the blood improve the function of blood vessels. They improve the function that you're junction. This is a very important article for bodyguess epidemiological support for what many researchers have been observing and experimenting. The model said, seize our frag, the University of California Davis, who has similar research for wasn't involved in new study. Do we see, know to the men eating the most cocoa products were not heavier or bigger eaters than the men who ate less cocoa. Bussy, maybe his name is Don and Darrell Bussy from the Chicago Harness Racing Circuit. I'm sure you remember them. Oh yeah. No. I kind of like a geomars junior in a son Ron. Jerry and Jacksonville North Carolina. You see this is where the facts come from. People out of town. People in town? That's a humanoid role raspberry. But Jerry and Jacksonville says congratulations on being the nation's enough to endure 30 years. But third and then. I'm going to play that yet. I'll play it. Back in the summer of 98, you had a drawing on your show to attend a preseason game of the offense against green Bay up in your club seats. My family thoroughly enjoyed this experience and thank you for your generosity. You're welcome Jerry. That's Jerry with a G. So I can. Well either way. However, six months after that, we were able to escape from Miami to North Carolina where I countless new everyday work calmly. It says, thanks for making my work days real by easier. Jerry implies of course that being in Jacksonville North Carolina is much more suene. And I would agree even I never been there. Do you know where Jacksonville North Carolina is? No, not exactly. No. I'll check it out though. I don't think it's on your mind. That could be weird. Nick in the woods. No. Well maybe Gerald Scott by Nakamadora Sunday and bring him like a tent of a camp. We're good luck finding the house. Bring your little little child tidy piece of candy bar. Now he's now in spawning and what's his name? Are they hiding in your house? That where Beth has got him locked up? Nobody's in there with now or on because I'm getting an ugly expense. So somebody's got the electricity on up there so somebody's hiding in the house. Really? Yeah. Maybe Mama's got a boyfriend up there you know about it. Yeah. That'd be good. Yeah. For her. Well, speak of that. I guess before I do these are teachers with a sex with a kid's stories. Before I do those. I'll probably take a couple of calls since this is after all the end of 30 years on a year and who the fuck would have made it? I really had my dad's there for a little while. Yeah, not a lot. Especially after those two trips to Florida, man. Two trips talking about, oh my god eating candy. Holy moly. My favorite is when the giant size you know those cadbury Easter eggs. Right? Oh yeah. No, boy. I think it is when the giant 20 pound bag comes out. That's my favorite, but just kind of like appears magically. Exactly. I think we'll like chocolate wand. Jackson's the most here-line is on the coast. So, or near the coast. Oh, I see some probably somewhere near there. WQAM Hello. Good. WQAM Hello. Uncle Puff. What is it? Uncle Puff. Uncle Puff. Uncle Puff's one. Chocolate. Oh, chocolate. Okay. Well, I didn't realize he had a twin. Oh. Oh. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. I don't have people. Okay. Thanks. Um, what about people in South Florida or West drivers? They're what? Worst drivers. Worst drivers. Let's see. People are, yeah. Okay. I'll buy that. Thanks. The worst drivers in the world. Yeah. They are got it. Yeah. One of my cadbury was, yeah. Which means about the drivers here. They said, boy, I'll tell you kiss the ground. You're not in South Florida for many other reasons as well. If it were only that, I wish they not too fond of schmuckin' heads like you guys in South Florida. What is it like you guys? If that's the only thing that you're avoiding by living up there, you're adding 10 years at least. I'm sure that. I was just, I had that conversation with my regular driver the other day. I was saying, that's one of the reasons I'm so even though I love my courvets man, I just love my love. Almost as much as Barbara said to love the Jewish people. But I don't want any part of it. I don't miss driving it all. Especially now that I know most of my regular cab drivers, even the Ashmuckans. See, you know, when you live in a really big city, which South Florida has nothing to do with big cities, South Florida's out to do for a long, long time. It's just a bunch of disconnected bedroom times. What are which has nothing to do with the other? And there's nothing big city about it just about, usually backwater place. It's a sprawl. It's not a sprawl. That's a sprawl goes on all the way from the keys all the way up to Stuart now. As you're flying over, you look down and you see almost no break there on intercocial just building after building in condo after condo just, you know, just a sprawl of disconnected nothingness. That's all. And you live in a really big city and you see, you know, in fact they do say whoever they are, the people conduct these studies or scam and somebody. That this is the most multicultural city in the world to run on. I believe them. It's, you know, and yeah, there's some smelly people. Most of whom hang out at woodbind. But it's, let me ask you because I don't really know the name. What do everyone the non French Canadians are? Do they bathe like Americans bathe or less? No, no, no, no, the only people that are smelling here are like people from abroad. I see. And not all the people from abroad just some that just have them learned, you know, when you were in that thing on your head for like months at a time, it tends to be a little deemy under there. Yeah, well, what would imagine the French Canadians are, or would be like the French? Right, the snaco in every respect, but the good part of it is we don't have any French Canadians here. I don't encounter any of that. None. As opposed to liking Montreal, where just in the beginning, I liked it as you recall because they have fantastic restaurants and nice casino. But boy, the people are just not not just so, you know, I don't want you to feel bad like they're picking on you, taking on you personally and South Florida. That's just the way they are. The French Canadians. So when the frogs come down and invade Hellendale and Hollywood and Danya, they can't help but that's just them. They are just obnoxious. And like I told, who was I talking to? Would he agree? I said about the language thing. Okay, let's put it leave me. Believe me what I tell you. The French obsession is so much so much. They hatred that exists in the province of Quebec is a thousand times. Whatever existence I've thought of because of a no-spigging laser. I mean, they're not even close. Not even close. I mean, unless you were doing the bilingual thing at one time, I think they finally stopped them from doing that. But they would like put you out of business in Montreal or Quebec City. For her. Yeah. But yeah, a business. Obsessive, but notches. But anyway, it's there. And I'm sure like people have lived in New Yorker because this is really, and I did live in Detroit, I live in Southfield for two years. Which is just another suburb. You know, it was like living in Detroit only from the standpoint that, you know, you hopped in your car and you got on the expressway, whatever you wanted. Certainly, nobody wanted to go down town. Yeah, but real big cities have like like Manhattan and New York or L.A. He's got a downtown. I don't know if I want to go there. I've been there in two of the two long. So I really, for me to comment on L.A. All I know was last time I was there. It was like going to Vietnam. I was willing to see Robin Williams. That's the only funny movie he ever made in his life. What? Good morning Vietnam. I'm thinking. He named him another movie he was funny. I don't think that was all that funny. No, no, but I'm saying of all the ones he ever made. No, that was all that funny either. You got a big high job on it. Right. It was okay. It was somewhat amusing. That was not actually how we had an at the same funny act. See, he's one of those people who is always on. He's always on. But he's interviewed no matter what movie he's on, no matter where he's always on. Yeah. That's what he was talking about. This is doubt fire was cute. That's about it. Oh, he's dressing up in drag and misses down fire. Yeah, that's the one. Oh, God. I don't know whether to drag anymore. Not at all. I'm going to go out and get the tab hunter on a biography. Do it a day or something. I just, I just, he made a couple movies with divine. Yes, yes, he did. So how can anybody have known that he would get? Yeah. I guess he's the lucky wild guess. I'll get everybody to the best of it. He's a real Rogers. This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. Tonight on the Islamic cartoon number, it's bugs are coming. Hey, what's up into now? Hey, this doesn't look like to creep. I must have taken a wrong time and asked you in a spin. He's thinking. This year's a moment I did, but I was spatial. All the bits, which would be a little more entertaining than the momma bits. But it's definitely boring. Even the bits can't be funny. Damn, everywhere I go. Still my head, no. But for my brain is numb. This one is not dead, can't. This one is numb. That's how the damn punch goes. We got three times the while. You get a more more over there. And we get a punch. It's a little bit too deep. It's a little bit deep. What are they supposed to be? Get on the bus, I guess. No, they're in this relationship. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? There it is. There's very special. No. Just for everyone who is here. They look at a camera. They look at the camera. They look like a high-volt. Yeah, that guy is a very straight, but go the way the way the was. Yeah. To blend right in. I think that's right. Look. There we go. He's trying to get out the motor. He's trying to get out the motor. He's trying to get out the motor. He's trying to get out the motor. He's trying to get out the motor. Just go some specificity of Moran. And now, Hoa next visual moment. The re-pods will plant in the single very scene. Look at them. They're more good. So hard. But this girl is oddly shaped like a blonde girl. He's the one. Hey, you. What is your name? He's a reader. So where? How's your dog and what you think? The dingle berries to the seat. Good dear. Why do you have no words to say? I'm not a dear. I don't play with a dad. I'm too great and dark. I'm not a dad. I've said you want to say, boy, she writes the same with him. No, Moe, you know what? I mean, got a nice email from blah, blah, blah. I don't know what you're just now. But he always responded to, thanks a lot, blah, blah. Take care of yourself. I really nice to think and graduate me on 30 years of surviving. And by the way, I heard the promo that they were running, I don't know. I guess it was maybe yesterday. See, this isn't 30 years. I've been in a business. That's right. I assure you how much they know about anybody, including me. 30 years in Miami. Right. It was for 45, 46 years. Yeah. 46 years in one of the worst businesses in history. And he has said, it has been very good to me. But for most, man, there's a long grave. You are literally, and figuratively, of people who's bones are scattered from the the answers are scattered all over the place from the history from this business. But, Feduk. Reverse. Dress. I got two words for you, man. Stress kills. Of course, especially when you die a vetting, multiply times 100, right? Stress kills. That's why when you call here again, our clearance, you hear the dial tone immediately. If not sooner. So, I'm going to start a sense of things like these great psychic powers. I'm going to start using those every time the phone rings. I'm going to sit here and put my head in the line head like Cresquin. Oh, I think that's clear. It's not my can answer that phone. See, the one good thing with me, I've got a very generic voice mail here. Isn't that my voice on or anything else? So, if you left me a message, you never really be positive, whether I got it or not. Right. I never leave a message. I always use the generic thing. Funny thing about that. Like whether it's your voice mail at home or the yourself or something like that, there's always a generic message if you just do nothing. Yeah, and I always leave it that way for that very same reason. I see. In a barely audible voice, so former Rolling Green Elementary School music teacher yesterday admitted in having sex with a fifth grader in 2003, Carol Flanagan. Rather than risk life behind bars on a capital sexual battery charge, Carol Lynn Flanagan, a 51, clearly the lesser crime of Ludenlissibius Mollustation. Oh, she'll spend five years in prison followed by ten years of sex offender probation, many she'll be a registered sex offender. Flanagan was to give up for teaching license immediately of not sooner. Circuit Judge Lucy Chernobyl Brown, granted Flanagan a thrill until Marcer teen, once he used to surrender. She'll see if he arrested her failed to show up then, Brown ordered that she faces the maximum 15 years since. She's getting how much five years and ten years of probation. Rest in a pink jacket and beige skirt with a house arrest ankle monitor, belting beneath her panty hose, Flanagan told the judge she understood what it means to be a registered sex offender to be certain Brown spelled out for. And so in Delta, praise upon or essentially a sports a child, Brown told her, gender is irrelevant. And seems to be more and more were getting Molludies, which I got that other story about that nasty looking bitch in South Carolina. More women doing this stuff. What's that all about? I don't know where were they when all of you. No, and you see, I was just going to say that. I was just going to say that right now because it goes to sure the great double standard that you guys got if it's a trite male. That's a female teacher doing hanky thank you with a male student. All right, you go with Son, you know, makes a new man. You know, that's right. How come I couldn't get some of that? Although when looking at C2, I don't think you want any of that. But nevertheless, for example, it was a male teacher, a hankess with your daughter or God or bit with your son, it would be like, no questions asked. Okay, glad you understand. Right. And when they won't be full of them to go with blanks this time, either like that. Persian. Hey, don't go well, run across for people. I'm sorry. I just had didn't say crash. You just did it. Idiot. It's a scene in the courtroom during the plea conference was the father of the now 15 year old boy whom the South Florida Sun sent was not identifying because of nature of the crime. The father was also admitted to having a sexual relationship with Flanagan, the client comment. See, this is the part here. This reminds me of the story. Was it in Hollywood a few years ago? Remember we had that story? How are the whole family was, you remember that? Yes. Oh, oh, yeah. That bread was here. Was it in Hollywood or Pembroke pine? Something with a pea. Plenty. Yeah, there was something with a pea involved. That's for sure. Right. It's a good idea. The father has admitted having a sexual relationship with Flanagan, but the father is civil attorney, Dan Bati, or speaking of good chocolates from Italy, Bati. That's not about good, never in his known for great chocolates since when since they decided they were. I don't know what they're talking about. And I never heard. I've only been there about 200 times. I must be missing out. Dan Bati said the family is believed to have the, we believe they have the criminal case behind them. Their glad Carol Flanagan is going to prison, Bati said. She was accused of carrying out a 19 month sexual relationship with a boy who was a student at the Boiton Beach School. The boy in the siblings often spent the night at Flanagan's Boca home, where marks of the sex group place. Flanagan gave the boy his father money. She gave the boy his father money. The boy testified that Flanagan's husband Douglas DePue, who was divorcing Flanagan, knew about the sexual relationship, though DePue has said he had no idea. Last summer, the father reached the one and a half million dollar settlement with the Pue's insurance carrier. A civil suit against Flanagan, the Pue's kind of school board and others still pending. And in Lawrence, the South Carolina, where everybody kind of hangs it out together, he is out Carolina. The South Carolina. What was there? Oh, it's a matter of fact, I got it very, I don't know. Like, who's this other story up here about the Christian movement moving in the Pue metastate. We had some stuff about that earlier. We like to keep people abreast. I want to have it in South Carolina. Just somewhere here, we're not to know where they're going. I posted one story about it. About South Carolina. That the Christian movement moving in the Pue metastate. And then we'd probably both posted it. See, every now and now, when that was on vacation, I sneak like a Marine door and down story or something to a Josh that didn't think you were going to have. That's fine, because that wasn't sending it off. I guess Saturday, Josh, Josh, George, is just trying to make up for a last time. But when you only got four or five stories. Because last couple days, I don't know this. And I don't know why we waste all of our time. You know that yesterday, I, I, I, I want to weep. When I see how few people are reading these stories. And I, why do we waste our time? What is the point? I don't know. The most red story yesterday had 238 reads. That's about half of what we usually get. And that's a day. Guess which story is God, we're saying decided finally to put on there. I don't know the one about the problem. Me. Oh, oh, all right. Yeah. 350 already. And Bush, you see if it's a story about Bush, a negative story about Bush or training or if it's got the effort and or about me, obviously. Then we'll get a lot of people reading. They think else, ah, we don't get me no one. We don't want, you know. Come on, read it. We don't want. And Josh depends on a big part of his, uh, desperate income right now for that. So you better get with it. That's right. What would you guys have to be? I think you're lost today. The Tauys. Oh, how is? Have it a chance. I would take it though or something like that. You know, it's tough actually. Give me some feedback on that. Glad to find out. We're doing a good job for a John to make. I said, you know, if you have any conscience at all, find out if you do a good job or not, which I like to like to find out. Oh, that sales department man. I'll tell you needs an H bomb back there. Need something to own a bomba. I'm delighted to see you now. Let me ask you this on the air. Breath. Remember New York, breath. Is he gone? No. Well, how come Brian's got brandies now? Which I'm asking you. Well, how come Brian's got brandies now? Which I'm ecstatic to see Brian's. What's happening on a good account? I don't know. Well, that's good to see. I thought bread had that moment here. And of course, Berkeley, she's long gone. Right. That, well, you said. Lauren South Carolina, a former cook for a teacher who accused of having sex with her 11 year old student, was ordered held on $100,000 bomb this weekend. Prosecutors have wanted Wendy A. Schweiter 36. If you could see the photo of you seen her picture? No. Oh, man. She is the face of South Carolina. The only other person I can think of who represents the state even better was Susan Smith. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Prosecutors had wanted her jail when I was about to say she was a danger they could be in their flag risk. Schweiter was arrested in Friday on two kinds of criminal sexual conduct with a minor. After the boys mother accused the teacher of having sex with him at school at least twice. Said Lawrence, police chief Robin Morris, that's Lawrence South Carolina. The former teacher, I'm in the statement that having sex with the boy Morris said, Schweiter, who resigned from her job at Emeam, were by and by the way, since it's now passed noon, I'm assuming that the Howard Stern post game activities are over with now. Purned from girl springs, I read your facts on here. I'm still, I'm still suicidal about it. Okay. That's how the first I am. That anybody would waste their time sending me a two page facts on a one hand, thanking me for all those years in the Adiati Adiati and on the other hand, giving me a song to the answer about how he and his brother are compelled to listen to everywhere that Howard says on serious and not two serious and the post game show and the West Coast feed and essentially USA feed and a Canadian feed and feed this. The third feed. Yeah. Schweiter to resign from her job at Emeam, more cell monthly school on Friday. Did not speak to her in here. He didn't have an attorney. The boys mother tried to tell the judge how sick and her son one but was choke fact by tears. The boy wanted his mother to tell the court he was scared, prosecuted or jury piece said, he's terrified that the federal will get out on bond. I guess everybody want a little piece. A man who wasted the door to record from Saturday would not come and Lawrence is in Northwestern, South Carolina for those of you who are tracking it on your masks. Under GPS systems, which is illegal in the United Arab Emirates. And that's correct. Just about anything there is especially if it was a fish kosher. And in fact you have to, we have to try to document when you go there to prove that you will need a trif. First thing they give. First thing when you land the airport and do buys, they give you a bacon cheeseburger and they stand there and watch you eat it. Aren't they kosher to them? What do you mean by the Muslims? They don't care. All your people, you know. They know they're all in. Okay, if you're not one of their own, then it's another story. Don't start pissing off the Arab street man. You're gonna have some raghead and come to that and give you what for, you know. You don't be with blankster, it's time either. Oh, don't say the phrase again. He'll, you'll align to leave you. He'll leave you. He'll align. You'll align. I'll leave you. For Ryan, you know. I know. You're my son. I felt, huh? This is his problem. That will go to the end of the end. You know. You wanted to comfort him? Yeah. He's all right. He's all right. No problems. No problem. But he's not talking like this. He's all right. Yeah. Yeah. Problem is past no. Not that there's anything wrong with it. You understand. Of course. Matt Delong. I got to Matt Delong story. He's up for, uh, effects crashes up for six Oscars. You know that? No, I didn't. I didn't know. I got that. I did. I did. I did. I just watched it a few days ago and it was on again last night on my cable. And it was like right exactly in a midway. It was on between seven and nine and it was eight o'clock. So I thought, well, so I'm going to go out and watch and I couldn't turn it off. Yeah, it's a great. It sucks you out. Well, don't say that. And I don't cheat all the fifth beatle man. I'm going to say that. No, you know that. No movie. He's staring at nostril Thomas. You know, another job. A bit say it around anymore. Well, will you stop with that? That is so bad. 12 13. I know what. If the. I guarantee if the ragheads don't catch the brothers. We'll guarantee that right. I'm really good to serve. You're an altitude. They know what my lover a little. He's as thick like you. Hey, attention man. If you have a hair loss problem, if you're curly, wearing your hair system, you better listen to this. Please, Charles Alphayer has been supplying a designing hair systems for showbiz people. Politics is more importantly every day, smart like you, over 40 years. Over 40 years, man. It's even longer than I've been around. Most people say you can always spot a hair system. I say those people, how many good hair systems go undetected because it looks like the real thing. Charles Alphayer's hair systems are completely natural. Designed with just right amount of hair in the proper recessions. Run your hands through it and a hair too. It looks like it feels just like your own hair. And for just this deal is so good you can't pass it up. Remember that he's going to make us the off in the ward on the street. The deal is going to be so good. We can't refuse that other guys on the internet. For just 99 bucks, Charlie will custom design a hair system for you. It tried for a couple weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're getting lots of action and it's yours for just an additional 500 bucks, Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied. The offer you do the following unbeatable guarantee. If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it and Charlie give it to you back to 99 bucks. That's enough for you can't refuse it cost you nothing. You will lose nothing except that ball spot. So, Carl Charlie today, toll free at 1-800-321-2413, make an appointment you'll find a studio in prestigious for a longadale. And Charlie will switch your eyes down and show you how much better and how many years younger he can help you guys look. 1-800-321-2413, around the wicked web, Charles Alphayeray.com. This is New Roger. This is 5-16-25. Now, two years later and say it took me a little while, a little swirlerner, but New I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy, sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo yo man yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. All right. Victory, Victory, blank. Is it a dock, the pair, see, marina, all a d inlet? Whoa, man. Is the $100 question right here? You're kidding me, right? This is $100. For $100. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one. Only $400. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah, what do I got? Well, we have the Ask the audience, the 50-50, and the phone friend. Ask the audience. That's only white people in here. That's 50-50, I'm gonna help me. Oh, you know I'm gonna phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question, finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. All right, who are we gonna call puppy? Oh my god, old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty we call him. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Regis Philvin from who wants to be a millionaire, how are you? I... Got you friend here, puffed daddy. Yo, dirty, what's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? All right, all right, all right. What's that, baby? Old dirty. Uh, puffed daddy's on a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first time man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. They'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Amen. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. What? You dirty, finish this off from me, all right? I'm in. Pickering, Dickery, blank. Is it? Is it? A, doc. B, p, r. C, marino. Or D, in the. Oh, come on man, I don't got much time. I know it's me, I know it. I see it. P, you sure? But, but third man. There's a lot of money man. About 30. All right man, thank you very much. I've heard of that. I'm so far old dirty. Said p, uh. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lot of land. I actually know there's only three lifelines you've used one you have to land. No, no, no. I get another land. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shutter Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shutter Host. Puffy, use the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's dark, it's a A. It's dark. My final answer is dark. It's dark. And it's a good one. You got all of it all. Bring you away. Run, run, shut up. Run, shut up. You're the one. Puffy, you're the one. Puffy, you're the one. So that's where that came from. I turned to man. It'll be on the disk I understand. Let's speak of the disk. It's very well. What? Because I just got what? We just got the hot copies in our hands. Wow. And what is this one called? It's called, I think. I've got turned to man. Yes, Neil Rogers presents about 30 man commemorating 30 years of entertaining South Florida. Oh my God. It's right on the disk, see. And where do they get this? Is there a thing on our website? Yeah, or is it on the Galen Eric or emailing back and forth to get it posted on there? Make sure the link to the store works all of these things. Yeah, and all of these things already tomorrow. Van hits. There will be some hits. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, you're going to be a couple of hits. I think one happened already yesterday. Don't mess with my lawn. Well, I was sure. That was really, really. The astronauts via Joe Bell to come in at this morning before the show and give me that bad news about the water not see having submitted a resignation yesterday. He did apologize for ruining my whole day and I said, Oh, right. Good. See, he wrote my day in a good day as opposed to our junior program director who yesterday started me just struggling. I felt like Christy Allie, man, with with ice cream sandwich. And a little distracted because I'm shooting my quail now. Oh, he loves it. Well, I can't pass it up every time I get on here. Oh, look at that. I just shot the guy in the middle there. Oh, no. Track 21 by the way on this disc, because if I can get it open, is what? Is the puffy with reasons? Stop, turn man. Good. So there we are. The charity is going to, money is going to go to a man and pay rescue. And just to explain this to people since we're on the issue. It's got stuff that we could never play. Stuff that we used to be able to play, but can never play again. Right. Some old files. Some old stuff. Some old classics that we don't want to play ever again, like the bridge tender. Oh, they can't get enough of it. And some nice new fresh things to just, you know, just to be fresh. Yeah, sir. Yes. Like the bridge tender. Right. Okay. How did you say? What do we do in 20 bucks again? Yes, I think so. Sir. And yes. Got the other key to the t-shirt. Has the same cover as the CD and their big and beautiful and, you know, purple and not two gay? Well, I'll be down. Well, that's good. It's a really good cause of been in Paris because I have told you for a long time. Most dogs are better than a lot of the humans I've met in my life. Especially in whatever one says. It would be bad. South Florida. First of all, in South Carolina was what I was thinking. Ricky, a fact, is and says Ricky in Ricky Tickey. By the way, thanks again, Rick Sharp, and the kind of words in that column that Kevin Bastard thing. That was very nice. Thank you, Rick. Your can. Let's tip our cap. Our old serial can't do Rick Shaw. I'd like to just one time. I know he's bald as a bowling ball, but then against well mine out. But that's by choice. But I'd like to see him one time without the cap on when you. I would recognize you that chrome dome. He used to, uh, said a few rows of probably I toward it as, so many times it's very boring. But it's a dolphin game. When I had my season tickets to meet in the fat man. There are a big game. We'd be there before the game and Rick would turn around. Give me the big wave. He's a good guy. He's misunderstood a lot of people. Well, same thing with me. And a lot of people think I'm a bastard. Especially in that building. But that's, uh, you know, think whatever you want. I mean, see with me, I don't care. And people probably doesn't care either. Here's the facts from Ricky in somewhere. Oh, and forks ain't Lucy, John and Ricky. Happy 30th anniversary tomorrow. We find it chilly Boston. So we'll miss the show. It's cold all right. Trust me what I tell you. The sun is shining. It looks beautiful. It is cold here, man. No snow on the ground though. I just mentioned that in passing for cast and over. You're a lot of fun and certainly are addictive. Unfortunately, we haven't been listening to you for 30 years. Our lost congratulations. Thanks to John and Ricky. I have a safe shift of Boston. Okay. Let's see. I'm making a pool for tomorrow. Can you tell me what the pool is tomorrow? Sure. Go ahead. Are you still eating how he's still eating? By the way, speaking of eating in line with what I was saying before. Hallal is to their schmacht ahead. His as kosher is to the heves. Hallal, which I see that on signs all over the place. The Middle Eastern restaurants where they have like, Shawarma. What, what is Shawarma? Maybe somebody will fix it. The same person that knew that. Is that like, uh, lamb? I know that's a bird big on lamb, which I know. I lamb is gaming to me. Maybe you like lamb chops. I have never had lamb that I liked in my life. I don't like it. Greasy and sweet. Oh, is it? I always thought it was kind of like gaming. Yeah, well, maybe that's why I'm going to. I don't mind pork chops. Um, basically if I was going to go to Dubai, it'd be the first thing I ever would be a nice pork chop. Anyway, they pulled them all. This is probably shouldn't listen to the snack. Yeah, well, what things does it make? It's, yeah, a little self serving, but who cares? What best describes meals 30 years under your Miami? I hear they hear the choices that may be of some additions. Fun, entertaining, aggravating, pondress, and authority. Informative, a real misfor, a miracle, lucky, sale, scintillating, the pulses outflow or provocative. That's good. It's pretty, I got some negative ones on here, but of course, you know, if you're still listening after all this time, you know, and you just want to take your gratuitous body, you're going to be plenty of opportunity to do it there, you know? Like, sale, sale, Rogers. Oh, by the way, how is it that we're still continuing? We hardly ever even mentioned. Oh, I sure, and somehow, we continue doing a show. It's amazing to me. Oh, I'm sure with the next ratings book comes out, you'll see. All these different clowns over the years, oh, you never have a show of on that or not. I enjoy rentals, you just say the same thing too, dude. Here is a chronic factor who says, a movie in which Robin Williams is very funny. Moscow on the Hudson didn't see it. It was fun. Okay. When he effects the US in blooming dails, and two, a movie in which he does wonderfully in a non-comitic role, awakening. A doctor in New York Clinic, you'll wake up for a coma toast patient, suitfully Robert De Niro. You know, the movie is at bad that the bit that we have about it is much better. What is that? Awakening. We have an awakening's bit. We have awakening's two. In the motion picture, awakenings. Oh, okay, well, that's probably coming up. And this is from the chronic incoca, we're not to be confused with the chronic from Boit and Veech or the chronic from a vocal whoever was there was that. Ever that fact I got was how recognize the handwriting. Yeah. That was really something. And the equipment hurricane, nothing to do with that then. The idea, the idea, right. Right. Another radio leave, another way to say really cranky person. Robert De Niro actually reads, not talking about the chronic incoca, all is straight enough there. But that other one, chronic cranky and nasty and hostile. I'd like to wake up to a piece of crap like that every day. Other. Twenty seven past million that you were in. Finally, a TV experience is like no other. Make no mistake. Comcast digital cable with on the man is easy to use and has lots to love. And today you can try for just 34.99 a month or three months. Why is taking so much better with on demand? First start is you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, get tire lessons and lots more. You'll always have something good to watch, right? When you want to watch it and don't forget about control. When you have on demand you can start not pause. We run fast forward programs using your remote. You can't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels, put on demand. You can build your own TV schedule. Who could possibly act for more? And best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your show time. Sit back into wonder how you ever managed to get along without it. Call today or to Comcast Digital Table A's beer with a par of on demand for only 34. 99 a month or three months. Call today's 105 Comcast in date or in 954 Comcast. This is needle Rogers. This is 516. This is 516. To light on the Islamic Cartoon Network. Davis and Robin. Hey Davis. What happened to one? I know how you can get 72 versions. And I'm very excited. I'm very excited. I'm very excited. I'm very excited. I'm very excited. Oh, you gotta do it. Blow yourself up. I mean, you sent me a while. I mean, for... I don't know if you can get this kind of news. I'm really excited. I'm really excited. I'm really excited. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. One day Mickey Mouse woke up and many was gone. He went to look for her and as he stepped outside, he saw Mickey Socks written in a yellow liquid in the snow. Investigated and realized there was good and bad news. It was goofy's urine, but many's handwriting now page two. Sam was sprawled across three entire seats of a theater. When the usher came by and noticed he whispered to Sam. Sorry sir, but you're only allowed one. See, Sam grown, but didn't move. The usher became impatient. Sir, he said, if you don't get up from there, I'm going to have to call the manager. Again, Sam just grown, which infuriated the usher who turned and marched, risk lay, back up the aisle in search of his manager. And a few moments, both the usher and manager returned and stood over Sam, together the two of them tried repeatedly to move him, but without success. Finally, they sum up the police. The cops surveyed the situation briefly and said, Sir, what is your name? Sam. He said, where are you from? Sam, the police have asked and Sam replied, the balcony, plow harvey. Good day. Good day. Here's a thanks from Pete Rose. Happy anniversary. We'll listen to you since Hurricane Andrew. Listen religiously every day. Tell that moron who listens to Stern said you to get with it. Downloads turn off a bit to her and listen him after you're off. Going to Vegas this weekend staying at the Velagio. Can't wait to see a sin city for the first time. Never been there, whole man. But we're description's I know it's great. P.S. How do you attack the buffet? What are our classic calls in history of this show? How do you attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast? That was great. That was a real idiot. If he asked me, thanks Pete Rose. Are you still there? No, over. I'm a faxing relaying attacks. Oh, scared to hell on him. No, no, I just couldn't add anything to that. Anyone. Well, here's something I want to scare to hell out of everybody. These Supreme Court del they set back to native abortion clinics in the two decade or legal fight over anti abortion protests, ruling that federal extortion and racketuring laws cannot be used to banned demonstrations. The eighth nothing to say is in the case that the 70 US Court of Appeals have kept alive up despite a 2003 ruling by the high court that lifted an issue by injunction on anti abortion groups led by Joseph Shiedler and others. Anti abortion groups brought the appeal after the appellate court sought to determine whether the injunction can be supported by charges that protest is made threats of violence. See, there's the probability religious nuts out there. Okay, you can't mind your own infant business. That's the problem, okay. It's supposed to be a free country. You can do whatever you want. Live the way you want. But you can't mind your own infant business no matter what their list is. Keep your nose out of other people's bedrooms. Keep your nose out of women's innards. Keep your nose out of other people's decisions, okay. Just like that Terry and her kids story with that was the epitome of what a Murphy's attorney who these religious nuts jobs and a Murphy's become so religious. Now that we're killing more innocent people never before. Just slaughtering them, butchering them. Well, they shouldn't have attacked us. That's for damn sure. Shouldn't have been involved in that 911. 744 votes people in South Florida are rude in a hostile 374 nasty. They're angry. And I can understand why they're angry because most of our pissed out that they're still there. Dumb as dirt 148, mostly okay 130. 100 and about. About 30 men. I hate this full 52. The worst drivers in the world 25. Friendly only eighth. It's only a mental show. And certainly not on coyote show. They're hostile there. Especially if no pick it up on me. The best five and geeks two out of 744. 567560 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular. Why does not let's have a a spurt of call. What do you say? What do I say? Well, that's how we're going to recognize the small spurt. W 2 a and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hi. I just thought you might like to know today just released a double this version of the network special edition. Yes, somebody called yesterday, but I'm glad you reminded me because I can go out and get it. Yeah, that can happen. I doubt it. Do you think that is what it's supposed to be? What was yellow? I'll do afternoon. Who do they have to know? Oh, no. I'm dying on the hair. I'm dying on the hair. I just want to know what it is. Thanks. Thank you. Do I have to know what I'll put you know when the alpha and freighto. Alpha and freighto? No freighto. That's the fredagini Alfredo. You're thinking to curse the other against it. But if you, I never played that see I styled the best of intense. I know. And then I didn't play a motion picture of awakeners. We brought you the inspiring story of Leonard. A man in prison for 40 years by a rare disease. Angela Corriga's doctor freed him with a miraculous new drug. Let's have drug failed. Leonard. Leonard. He's not responding, doctor. Okay, we're going to have to increase the dose of three in the symbols. Now medical science tries again in awakening's two. And this time they'll try anything. Leonard, let's go back to my home. Do nothing, doctor. Increased at our sage, awakenings two. A story of hope, courage and wall to wall sound. No one's true. Where drugs have failed and decibels succeed. Awake things too. Now playing at a theater near you. Speaking of Leonard, I wonder what ever happened at a lany guy. Remember him? Speaking of chronic disease, he's the show for the appearances that He's going to be a lany old. The poor congerous. A basketball case. Good. Talk about obsessed. Get a life Leonard. I have no life. WKOM. Hello. WKOM. Hello. Hello. To my very favorites. WKOM. Hello. Have you visited the fund? Consumer Education website lately? All the time. I was just on the only moment to go. Let's see, Alex says, I saw constant guard in the last week. And you were right. I tried to tell you Alex, I tried to save your eyesight. That movie was put in one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Thanks, Alex. Well, why didn't you listen to me? I wouldn't make it up. Oh, that movie is so bad. And just like broke guys, mountain mounting man. I still haven't watched the rest of it. And then never will. I don't care who kills, who does what to whom. It's just it is so slow and ponderous and boring. And monotonous. And of course, America, we pressed America all the either very concept. Game Cowboys. Oh, my God. Wow. Can you imagine? Roughly. Something about putting on them, Jackson and Cowboy hats and riding a house. It's supposed to make you a lot more macho. Don't forget the pointy shoes that the pony heels. And it's supposed to be like some kind of hairdresser or, right? One of them, you know, fruity types that they have on TV all the time. Sure, all the girls. But that's tell business concession to the gay community. It's put out a bunch of fruit loops all the time. You know, queer eye, pretty head of world guy, all this other crap. I think instead of just how to we run a lot of old town cruise movies. Yeah. Funny to a one a QAM. Hey Tommy. You're fairie. Come out whenever you're a K-M man. Come out of there. Just stick your head out. No, not that one. Hey I haven't touched you by dry concepts for a long time. Now over 21 years that I've used them on my homes to make even the filthy nasty looking carpet in my house. I've just like brand new. Facts look up the same carpeting. Thanks to them. And right now I encourage you to take advantage of dry concepts. Maintenance contract that provides you with a 10% discount on all their fantastic services including their one of a kind carpet cleaning. leather drapeary oriental rug cleaning. They specialize in pet odor treatments. ceramic tile and ground cleaning. Networks clean. Misegged by those dust mice and lots. Lots more. All of dry concepts technicians are especially trained and certified. In other words, they we'd be no their crap. They're not going to make a mess in your house. They're going to make everything look just like brand new. And they always give you a written guaranteed price up front before they go about doing their fantastic job. Don't be fooled by the imitators. You made a big investment when you decorated your home. Now it's time to protect that investment. Caled dry concepts today. They'll never let you down and date route of the Palm Beach. It's column toll free and tell them that ancient Neil's who are to be called. 1,800, 2,48, 5071. That's 1,800, 2,48, 5071. Run the wicked web. It's dry concepts. .com. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Third, third, third, third, third. You do, sir. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8-0. 1245 is 2-0. Here's Frank in St. Peterfax's. See what I said? All the messages are coming from out of town. Right. In town is... There we are to the die. I hope that guys listen to him waiting for my funeral announcement. We'll give you a heads up on it. Congrats on 30 years in the business, Frank. I'd like to see Jason put translations on your website about the Hebrew Jewish terms used, so as Goyam can know what down you're talking about sometime. Like what's Cox's voice mean? That's what you do to a sailboat? No, I said that you want the throne. Oh. Unless you have the throne on your sailboat, then you can do it there. Let's see. Here's a thanks from all the SDJ Rock and Rich. No connection to fat rich. Congrats on the 30 years of always enjoyed your show. I'd like to offer one of my car show spots for a van hit for a song you're disdainteeers for a van of Paris cute. Each Sunday hosted a classic car show at Crabby Jazz restaurant in Dearfield Beach, or many beautiful classes and yes, your favorite vets to come out for an evening and display these cars for the crowds of peoples. Only real issue I see is an employee would have to work out a Sunday evening. But we can get the gal out there, right? Yeah, he's got them to do it. Listen, let me say this right now, right up front. This was not my idea. Okay, this other guy had no interest in doing this. I was opposed to it vehemently. These things have become a real pain in the ass. Now that those are this and by the way, when you send me the news paper, we can throw one of the dissonor too. Okay, but the van now that they're going to be available very soon. As soon as somebody gets the first one, it will be available. People will be downloading them all the dollar over the place. They'll be burning copies for their friends. That's unfortunate part of it is that they don't give it to them about our charity or about us or anything else. They just want to free copy of it. Let's just think about the people who do. They have watched food like movies. We'll send you all a stick one of those t-shirts in the envelope too. So then you can wear it. And when people ask who that is on the t-shirt. No, I don't get it. I will be wearing it. Anyway, there's a cell phone number. Thanks for laughing some. Whatever you want to do. I've had a long. Yes. P.S. Hard to believe no grassroots. You can't go through your nightmare. Johnnie, where is the rocket roll hall of fame. But blondies in there now. See, we, you know, I actually saved. It's funny that he should send me this. Thank you, rocket rich. Because I saved that rocket hole a whole lot of time. Yeah, we should have saved the whole of fame. The whole of fame. Thing. The hollow holes. And I got the hole this day. And I've tried to remember the thing. How many years it has to be? Between the first, was it the first hit that they had on the billboard top, 100 or whatever. In other words, there's some criteria for being inducted. Anyway, but I certainly should talk about some of these other life. Johnnie Rivers will back a long ways. Okay, a long ways. And they ought to be in there if they're not. I'll, I mean, I bring nothing back. All the way time I do a pull heaven to do music. You ought to start getting really hostile. You all turned you. I still say if it are watched that movie standing in the shadows of Motown or else. Hmm. You're going to be really sorry because then somebody just on your deathbed. So what you'll say, did you ever see that as one of the best and we don't know, I missed it 10 and 2 late. And so you'll be doing a Dennis Weaver or a Rick Weaver. We always have Bob Weaver still around, I hope. We'll be. Well, they're going to have more than he. Yeah, the suit of the Beasley is because you can't really play that without the Fartsons remember the thing I used to do when you played the original one? That's what they did good. Oh, of course, that's what I made it. I'm using in a hysterical entertaining. You know, we just can't be entertaining anymore because the Beasley is our bunch of star pie. And it's, I know you want to be more on. I'll be there. You'll be there. Yeah, who's? Yeah, I have to be there. You'll be there for two. I've got to find. But you'll be dead for two. And you'll be dead for two. And you'll be dead for two. And you'll be dead for two. And you'll be dead for two. I see you'd play that and the average smug that we come along and think that's Marvin Gaye. Wouldn't they, wouldn't they? Yeah, well. The average smug, yes. Right. But he's not. Are you? And then you're not consuming the, yeah, you are. You like Marvin Gaye's better. Yes. I don't. Anyway, much of war mode. The best way to describe it is that it's the rougher equivalent of Greek. Have you say heroes or gyros? Well, there's the right way to say it, which is their way. And then there's the way that you can get your order right. Well, that's why I'm asking. It's a needle. That's how they say it. You know, if you say that, go laugh at you and then spit in it. So I say gyro. Well, you won't get your order. I thought a gyro was like a thing that kept the spin and a lot like a drain. That's exactly right. The best way to describe it is it's a rougher equivalent of Greek gyros. A shawarma. It's also been referred to as Arabic tacos. It's lamb or chicken or a combination of beef and lamb or even goat. Oh, it's cooked up on a bit spit and the meat is covered off like zero. And they have those in the windows of all the Middle Eastern restaurants. There's a whole bunch of me here. Oh, it's goat is not bad, but lamb is yucky. Oh, goat. Oh, goat. Oh, goat is not. Oh, goat is not. Oh, goat is not. He's got my goat. You any appearance. So let me ask you. Yes, you like a colder or shawarma. What's the other thing? It's falafels and falafel balls and shawarma. That's only Middle Eastern. I know from. And of course, homino-action lots of. It's almost formed by the way, even the Arabs are understanding that you're a homotage. And they love their Danish, which are now called, what does it change it into? Oh, flowers of the prophet Muhammad. Yeah, flowers, something like that. Flowers of the prophet Muhammad. They won't be free to do what his Danish paste piece anymore, but they still love them. They're not going to give them up. In other words, they're pissed off of not that pissed off that they give them up. That was Danish paste piece. What a bunch of nonsense. Mom, we don't want to get the Arab street angry, you know? Because of one word, oh, I, L, baby. That's we don't want to turn them to take a wrong turn on the freeway and shut off this Figget. And I'm saying, mmm, yank that. Almost 800 revotes on the pool. I think if we really put our minds to, we could have got to 900 today. We got the 7809. What do you think? 900? Yeah, you can do it. Come in to QAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, I've been all these years, still 10 to 820 corner. W. Q. A. M. Q. A. M. Neal, little Joey. Hey, how do you like that? I know. Little jury just here in 70. Now that we're getting old, Arrest of us, but how do you like that? What a treat. Well, I figured out our lovely school teacher, wife, do I? She is teaching their little turd balls as we speak, though. Great. Well, I still, I'm still married. This is very unusual. Yes, and I've got a four year old, and two year old, so. Wow. Right now, is it scary? That is scary. I know. So what are you doing these days? Telling drug or something? No, actually, make full circle. I told you, I got out of the drug business. I became a CPA and now I'm working for drug business. I'm a CPA. Excellent. There you go. Real good scam artist, man. Exactly. You got to figure out how to do it. I'm saying the drug business, though. All right. Well, first, I said you're from Columbia. No, I'm not from Columbia, but that, you know, I said that won't exclude people from doing this. But any way not Colombian? No. Who the hell am I thinking of this Columbia? Are you a Venezuelan? No. Where is your people from? My parents were from Cuba. Are you Cuban? No, he tells me he has all these years for quite a lot. I never knew that. The way he's dressed, whom I confused him. The who's from Columbia that we know? I think Orlando was. Get out of here. Orlando was his Cuban as Fidel Castro manager, Ali Anito. Trust me. No, I believe you. You may be generally Cuban. You was Cuban and boy or talk about a closet. I mean, he was a good guy. Is that all right? No, God. That's correct. That's another closet case. Well, listen, it's great hearing from you. I think I'm not even going to get a word this summer. Really? Well, uh, You're all by the body. Sange, give a real loud shout out there. Come by wood by and you'll see me there. Plum's are my guts up. All right. Well, hey, congratulations. You. Thanks, Joey. Take care. All right. Take care. All right. There's a good guy. Little Joey. Have a good day. I'm going to throw you on the air. And you won't put me on the air. Gilbert will be in the corner crying now. I should have mentioned that to him. But he's turned the Gilbert's liken to a pile of mong. And we'll pile a donkey done. What? Why doesn't Gilbert understand? I don't know what I'm going to do. What are Joey all the time? And I want to put him on and you're bashing you. Not see a hit were hit were. Ha ha ha. My favorite was those of those of those appearances we go out and do in Gilbert will be there and he go off in the corner and cry. I'm talking physically. I'm not exaggerating. Right. He would cry because we weren't paying enough attention to him. That's right. He wasn't a center of attraction. Then of course Rick Riley lives on him and then look what happened to Rick's career right after that. By the way, the one thing about Rick Shaw was taking this in the shower this morning. Kind of amusing. Is that I don't know Rick that well. I think we've ever spoken like more than 50 words on here. But I think of all the people in this business that he probably detests the most is Rick Riley. And I don't think he would be reluctant to admit it unlike some other people I know. I don't hate Rick Riley. He hates him. Who didn't say you? Okay. He's defensive about it. I was need defensive Josh. Yeah, he is. Offer defensive probably can run in the face too. We buried our hatchets. Yeah, you buried it all right. That's what Duff said. WQAM Hello. QAM. Now that that was definitely worth it. That was really. Yeah, you worked on that and worked on that and then finally out of came like a giant VM. WQAM Hello. Can't be anywhere free. WQAM Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Is this his Greg Greg? Yes it is. Greg Reed. I sure hope not because I wouldn't speak to him. I'll guarantee that. Well, I don't know if he is but I don't know. He's our former general manager. What's up Greg? Oh. I just I don't tomorrow is the big 30 deal. And I'm going to ask you. Act with. Are you there? Yeah, I'm here. Okay. You know, I'll probably be back with a lot of you know, high food and so on in for a I can grab. But I'm a guy that's from the lower end of the spectrum. Spent 10 years incarcerated at a local institution day correctional institution. What's up in the real face? Well, he got me through that time. I just want to tell my love for for you know everything you did during during that period. You know, a way back during the career. This is I guess from 90 from 88 to about 97. And he's just a back. He got me through that time. I mean, I'm sure he won't expect me to hear a lot of calls like that. Or be, you know, like I say, people from the higher end of the spectrum. I can go and write that out for you. I'll tell you about first. First, first, first, first. And yes, it's 98. And I'm doing fantastic. That's got, you know, you got me through that. You're really good. Excellent. I'll pass it along. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. Thank you. And don't do it again. How do you like that? Be sure to tell me like I've passed that along right away. Okay. 1257 at 560 WQM. We got Jim managed it for preceded by the Kimba Bo campers show. Well, anyway, we live a Kimba Bo camp for show us the no show. And what it is. The old mo show, which is now a no show, which we're loving, though, from 2 to 4. This is New Roger. This is 560 WQM. Oh, this is honored. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. Well, I'm an error, not my package on the internet. With real groupings on the bus with us. The love best is the best with the skills that made to grin. Me and Scott, right, right, right. And we're never with men, then all of us. Chicks, watch us up and down the spot. The made us both kind of hot, x-ray. And to watch in, of all the weather. Things are different coasts to coast. It's the one thing you hear down low in the most. Like Pamela and Tommy. We know we had our sex point, the more to lie some Vinnie Yoke. We have find this taste. We'll be part of the reason. Why the sales of my CDs will be leasing it up. Shit, rocks, cuts, happened to girls. Fight yourself with copying out, sucker. We got a movie saying it out loud, say. That's what it's like. And with this hamburger, then out loud, say. The rock's on the spot. And the hot, x-ray. And to watch in, of all the people. And to watch in, of all the people. And to watch in, of all the people. And to watch in, of all the people. You can change that piece from a mile away. I have news for, I don't wanna see Kid Rock. With this goes on, with this goes off, maybe in a box of big good. I don't wanna see him. Okay. We'll have to see him. I'll take all those pictures of him. Good. Matt Dillon, I don't wanna see him. There's a guy, right, who quite frankly has really come from one, at least from my perspective, or from where my fan asked us, and I used to disfice Matt Dillon. He really got on my nerve. It's ugly too. He was just annoying. He's in like 8,000 movies, the cotton club, and just a whole bunch of other real garbage. You know? Yeah. He was annoying. But now, I think it started with drugs to recover. Am I right? I don't disagree. Maybe that wasn't very beginning, but he sure was very good in that. That's the first time we noticed it. Right. Well, we noticed the different Matt Dillon. He stopped trying to be like Marlon Brando and whatever else we were going to be. And he started like being just his himself. His brother by the way, got a extraordinarily ugly Kevin Dillon. That's what I just mentioned that. But anyway, Matt Dillon crashes the Oscar's business. Artifullet says, out of the expansive town that's on Sumble of Paul Haggis's crash. The academy, what's the difference between hummus and Haggis? The academy has yanked Matt Dillon, the rock-jogd former teen art rob. He knows he's not robin' no mole. But that's, he's 41. And in the movie, he could like, he looks pretty old. Dillon's turn is a ferociously racist copland of the 41 year old actor, his first Oscar nomination. And at the March 5 Oscar Guild, this Sunday, where John Stewart's going to be the MC by the way, a sure piece of life for New That He was last night in Larry King. Oh Larry, why did you do that to him? The statue went, we didn't go to him. George Clooney for Syrianna. I'll get back to you Syrianna. Paul J. Amadi, Cinderella Man, Jake Gillenhall for broke back at Brokecast Mountain, or what you've heard in history of violence. Welcome, we haven't heard anything. I heard nothing about that movie, history of violence. I haven't either. Anybody seen it? No? Never heard a word about it. Not a native for it. For a six Oscars, including Best Picture, Crank details the impact of racism on colliding characters in LA, though the casting clues done, Cheatle, parents Howard, and Sandra Bullock who's got a very minor role, by the way. Don's menacing, but humanistic police officers have been single out more than any other. How come they've got for what's his name out of their tarzan? I don't know. Why? Charlie Whitebuller? No, the kind of pressure. Brian and Franger. He's also got kind of a, he's not very good in that. I thought he was all right. He's not a lot to do. He and Sandra Bullock, well, first of all, they were married, and so I guess maybe that couple just was a minor minor part. After starting out on Hollywood as a teen star, don't expect it out of that mold beginning with Gus Van Sans and see that drugstore cowboy. And if I got my thumb on it or what? That's when he became mad, Dylan, that we know today and like a lot. And now I will say this. The movie is great. I wouldn't say that he's great in the movie. He's very good. In fact, there's no one person in who I would say is great. I'm thinking. I mean, all the already in guy. I'm sorry, person. Yeah, he was great. You were great. You were great. Yeah. I wonder if he knows that Mel Blanks is dead. He since next dramatic rules to die for beautiful girls with comedic fear of singles and there's something about Mary. And August Till star in fact, totem. Well, I'm not sure we can say that. All I know is the face of the Charles Vakowski now, but directed by Norwegian filmmaker Ben Hamer, Dylan plays the hard-winking author's alter ego, Henry Tannaski. Crashes totally a pinnacle of Bill and Scourier though, an unexpected one. It feels like it doesn't really have anything to do with me, he says except I just showed up. And I close down with this interview, but I beat that. If you told me over three years ago, when City of Ghosts is directorial, they've you've premiered at Toronto in three years. A time things are going to be great. I never would have believed they said. I liked that. See, you've got to Toronto film festival, no doubt. Because it's like a real city. Anyway, so, Matt Gillis is great business, but we like our city's not great, but it's a accumulation of really outstanding excellent performances. Right. Now, let's say, see, I would say Magnolia. The acting is better. I agree. I mean, in Magnolia, and even Tom Cruise, you're real fair. As much as most people now are just nauseated with him, he's very good. By the way, yeah, that's the thing with Tom Cruise. I can't stand him. I think he's a crazy person, but he can act what he wants to. Yeah. And he was very good in that. And of course, the Jason Robards who was dying literally in figuratively, because he was really dying in real life. He kept saying, I'm dying out of the air. And the film seems more often. I saw the last ten minutes of a company. And I'm sorry, Kinsey. Oh, yeah, I got to see that when it began. I don't know that I want to see Capote. And, oh, he's just a little, I just kind of, kind of, so there's more previews I see the last time I see it. I don't think it's for me, you know? Yeah. I'll let you know. I'll let you know. I'll let you know. Otherwise, I agree with the Magnolia statement to acting, but I think Crash was a better movie. Yeah. Yeah. I love, let me put it to this way. They're both excellent. See, why do we, why do people always feel compelled to put my Nodia down? I don't know what it is about that. Why is there? Because of the frogs. Oh, is that what it is? The frog's even from like I said, most of the same. I mean, the frogs make it a bad movie that denies the frog's from it. I think it's a little bit bigger than the frog's. What other movie did you ever see that had that kind of a thing in it? You know? Frog's one of the things that I know I would say. I've got to say, no, that was a, that was a new one. That was a new one. I mean, he heard the song, he's raining men by the weather girls, but it's raining frogs. That's into one on us. You must have never looked at the movie. It's a fine movie and William H. Macy is great in that movie and what's your name, Julie and Laura. Everybody that's in that movie is sensational. Yep. And a guy that plays the cop that we can never think of what his name is. Who's a very, very good actor. John C. Riley. Very good. 560, 505, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. We're going to add thought. Is this, measure or what? W to Q, I am. Hello. 30 years later. And this is what we're looking for with at least for him. This is what I'm looking for. See, you were on last week. You're going on the week before that. You're not going to be on this week. And they can get on the week after circus either. Even after porn. So just give it. And that was the only line flash in there too. I think this moment right now, this, this capsulizes the 30 years of it on the earth and this town better than anything. Else. Right right right at this moment. For putting it in freeze frame. You know. Just amazing astonishing. Nobody would believe it. That's why when you're always giving me this crap about writing a book about these. Nobody would believe any of it. They think for his tear fiction. Well, if I would believe it. Yeah, well, she believed anything. Bitch. Somebody QAN. Hello. W to QAN. Hello. Yes sir. You can't win with a black quarterback. I'm not going to happen. I'm going to go back to my pile. Because even I'm just non-plus by this crowd. W to QAN. Hello. Yes sir. You can't win with a black quarterback. I'm a Holocaust never happened. OK, thanks. W to QAN. Hello. Five, six, seven. This is my last call for calls. I'm on my 30th anniversary. Based on this response here today. This is just pathetic. And people think that I'm overly critical of South Florida or anything about it. And please don't give me a song. Man, it's about to cause on a sports show. Man, it's all the same 20 people. You know, Ian Wayne had this finger on that years ago. When this station first did that all sports format. Even he was on with that. It's the same 10, 20 people over and over on every show. Talking to same crap. Asking the same stupid questions. And we're getting really close to that NFL draft don't forget. It's only a month and a half away. WQAM. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. Happy 30th. Thanks man. It can't believe you made it this long down here. Especially with this crap man. It's just amazing. It's just mind boggling. And not only being on the radio, but just living in this town. Yeah. That's something you're supposed to play. Go ahead. I thought unbelievable. Are you moving for the poll for tomorrow? Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Pally. It's on. It's the only two hour. Oh, boy. I'm trying to write that my pen will right now. I think it was at last three of your calls. It got me unbelievable. That's cute. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're waiting for the intelligentsia this day. I'll see you this day or call. And remember that guy before I said that the, the, the, Oh, that's tomorrow. But those people are going to call me. That's right. Those can try to call us at up. Right. Somebody QAM. Hello. QAM. Yes. I'll give it that sort of fee was going to see in the movies at the Miami From Festival. And if you recommend it any. Yeah. And. That's it. Oh, he's asking you not me. Who was asking me? Yeah. I don't know the answer. Oh. Tell me to QAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Sorry. Pretty good. Neil, I got an idea for you about how to stretch out for another 30 years and really drive great. Re-slazing. Yeah. Get put together all those old investor. Neil, wait. Remember you used your arm in the summer? The best of Neil shows? No, no, no more than that. No, but you could do it. He could run that for 30 years, right? Yeah. Well, great. We're a great long-grown man. He's history. He's out. I know what you do is take all those great bits that they won't be FTC won't let you play anymore. Yeah. Sell them all the serious radio or XM. But let them play them there. Okay. Great. Yeah. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. And listen to that. Instead of all sorts of really good ideas. Yeah. I've got a lot of stuff here. I'm going to get you all of it between now and two. I am. I don't know what happened there. I must have like a momentary, a laughs of judgment. Or maybe those six, I think. I was going to say that yeah. Funny. Shoulder shot. Blood sugar friend like spill over into my, whatever. Back to him. Yeah. But that enough of that. Tomorrow we can just really reheat all these fantastic. I'm sure that the upper crust is going to be like just lined up by the thousands to calling it. That's right. That's the best. From the same and this New Orleans stuff seriously. Well, what is this going to stop? What, what are they going to stop wasting our after our after our. What are these silly ass people with their stupid outfits on. Druck is a scum can run into my like, hey, everything's great. I don't know. They don't know any boobs. I'm not breasts. Yeah. No. So that's what's the point. No, they're sure a lot of boobs is no breasts. From the same after one in five sixty Q.A.M. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty Q.A.M. But she's North the city of New Orleans. Yes, some of those people down there say he failed. Stuffs the people in the astrid don't like cattle. While have financial guard was in Iraq. He cut funding for their levies. Looters called thing and argue. In a rouba we made a bigger deal. Inserts were narrowly hollow away. One white girl we trained a life. A name and ask for help on the name of these boobs. George first was a case in England Crawford. I guess this year they'll be no Marley Grunt. Girls on wild needs. The city of New Orleans. For the half-two cent of their fellow could have fallen in love. God forbid, one eighteen to five sixty. When this story is announced today, then it's going to sell our clothes another thirty-five stores. All right. Bringing in the total of three hundred and sixty-one since the regional supermarket operator found for bankruptcy production last year. When this is set up plans to close 28 stores in Florida, three in Georgia, two in Alabama and two in Louisiana. Because they're not meeting with companies financial goals. Maybe people just don't want to buy that mystery meat. You know, they'll pick plus those. How can do those packages you can't see through, right? Over the past several months, we have thoroughly reviewed our store-based and effort to ensure when Dixie's able to emerge from bankruptcy as they healthier and more competitive company president and CEO Peter Linson this statement. And currently, I'm for eight five hundred eighty five stores in Florida. Alabama losing the energy of the Mississippi and the Bahamas. Here are the stores that are going down. Most of them right there in your neck of the woods. Davy, forty four sixty, Weston Road, closed. Going to close. West eighteenth to have it in high Alea. Sterling road in Davy. Oh no. Well, it's a good thing, Mom, mate, with us no more, you know. But that's been here a long time. They're pulling a sterling in the, uh, Davy Road extension. You know that one? A doop. 1707 East Commercial Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. Paparot Beach, uh, 1199 South Federal Highway. 1885 North Pine Island Road in Plantation. I believe that's the one on the corner pile on sunrise. I do believe the one where Petty Bolger, the assassin shops are least used to. Piece of crap. One eighty three fifty Northwest. Seven hundred and five hundred Miami. One fifty nine hundred West. They were eighty four in sunrise and twenty one forty five northeast. A hundred sixty four three and North Miami Beach. A hundred United States. Kosing two also West problem. Pomin the whatever. I'm not looking to age. In fact, you don't even list it. It says skip to page two and there's at an on page. Two. Nice gone. Sun sent. You idiots. By the way, thanks to the Sun sent a lot of times sick of a. Especially for the fantastic heartwarming recognition. You know, a 20. It's twenty. For, if tom did those big stories, you know, and the big articles in the whole day. You're like got the big plaque with you. And that's it. That's okay. That was a little time we they wrote you know needles. have a tough time he's going to be out of touch doing a show from Toronto and yada yada yada and of course they never admitted they was full of crap since he's out of touch most of the time get them lined and dying in the LA waiting like have them right all as puppies about these TV shows that are off the year in five weeks nice going timey you're right on top of it baby christian movement moving into palm at a state see every every now and then i have one of these bad i'm just out lucid you know and i start hallucinating and believing that something might change even even for a long life that's just a fantasy exactly i do and does it was fantasy is very briefly and then of course the day like this brings me immediately right back to uh you know to the uh usual because one one piece of advice always had the people are came to southward in this business for the first time yeah don't i'll be sad that don't expect anything and you'll never be disappointed that i'm not worth it don't expect a thing and you'll never get the letter let you down from a zurohone near low-dye california korea brunel keeps close watch over the news from south kerala and he likes what he sees turning the state into a promise land for conservative christians will be easier than he thought he says brunel a thirty-year-old but third man the natural advisor in fiber of christian exodus believe thousands of religious conservatives across the u.s.a. agree with them when he says the influence on government is diluted by liberals and republicans will fail to do what made sure americans elected them to do the answer became up with the two thousand three move like my the christians to one state south kerala and i say will pack you a bacon cheeseburger okay will pack you a whole bunch of sliders from uh world castle what could have been like south kota no south kerala is perfect no it isn't like i've got to drive through there home of Susan Smith the state was a logical choice that already is conservative having played a major role in the rise of the republican party since robber ragan and it's from the set of hundred fifty thousand seven back to stand bob johns university fundamentalist christian institution senator real farbiz in a go and brunel's plan is to recruit conservative christians to move their and tip the skills further to the right further to the right in other words can you say f a s c i s t brunel's yet to move the south kerala himself he says because he's too busy recruiting he says he's working out the logistics for family to relocate see the board against the recruiting i need a bright use to tell us that was all the humbles that were recruiting but i don't want to get a recruiting well it's good related uh oh with a decisive majority brunel says his group would be able to pass laws that line up with their biblical principles and their interpretation of the u.s constitution laws that include outlawing abortion homosexual relations allowing government of the space of christian symbols and any state funded education at least our business man it's a christian country the rest of the holiday get out okay i did considering the size of the acid is so far only about 20 people have moved the to the palm of the state most of them in the past year brunel's optimism might seem a little bit quicksatic still he believes the movement will succeed because of his port is small band of immigrants already is finding in south kerala plus he expects more families to move this year maybe like two or three more maybe five or six he's picked six counties as the first targets for local local action and the ones where he wants estimated would take 500 immigrants to turn the tide he says now will take 100 by two thousand eighty hopes to see a strong presence of christian exit is back candidates and all six counties and anticipates an overwhelming impact state wide elections in 2014 the ideas and far features may sound said lower also the political science professor of christian university who studies religion influence on politics in many states i would say no chance but the state like south kerala not we're nothing could be fine uh we're lots of people are in on that sort of boat to begin with it's a sort of thing that's not unfathomable she said Edward gouse did professor emeritus of history religious studies at university of california riverside on the other hand said i think it would have little chance to go anywhere unless there was a session in south kerala from union to which we say oh yeah just like the frogs there are Montreal and Quebec you want to see if they were smart here they tell bye bye we'll pack your smoke meat sandwich get lost right right in the subia baby exactly you don't want to see Doug Thompson your buddy writes in the capital hill blue dot com the rant he says my high school latin teacher loved the phrase veritas verse libera uh uh leora i'm a high senate libera bit libera bit okay that's paid a player love a rabbit the truth you'll set you free nice sentiments for the Romans but in these political politically charred time traps the offer to phrase should be who shall set truth free god knows there aren't a lot of truth floating around uh the halls of power wash and these days in fact truth took us about a couple decades ago never return for most of his five years in orifice president George W. Bush considered truth and expendable commodity truth just couldn't justify his desire to invade Iraq so he used manufactured intelligence truth wasn't enough to launch his war on terrorism so he launched the campaign that demanded more and more on fear mongering in perinoid the actual fact in April 2004 bush told the american people in any time he heard the west government talking about wiretap it requires a court order 19 months later he had met he signed an executive order three years ago three years earlier that allowed the national security agency to wiretap phone calls americans without a court order there are such things as robbing wiretaps but in any reasonable definition of the word is alive but politicians never admit they lied a issue clarification corner of were were were public at about bush is lying and he was she almost likely say something like well built-up light about monochlor whiskey democrat school then all say couldn't light about with sex not national security applying relatively to dishonest is a favorable point of politics yes one side says our boy did lie on the divisive sides lies are bigger sorry i can't buy that you either honest or you're not either tele truthy you don't judge the bush lie so did build Clinton so did bush is dead remember read my lips rommel ragan lied all the time to make Carter claim never tell you were lie which in itself was a lie if your old Ford may have been too dumb to lie but he wasn't off as long enough to build a solid record of dishonesty which in Nixon lb jay the prosecution rests lying has become such a pervasive particle culture that those who don't lie even consider it dishonest that those who lie don't even consider let me sit with that again lie has become such a pervasive particle culture that those who lie don't even consider it dishonest like read it's been on our side or our position truth has no bearing carries no credence and lacks even consideration suppose for a moment that when confronted with questions on the water gate breaking which in this would have said yes some of my stamp got over zealous and out of hand i've accepted the reservations a little up or up at the matter would have faded in the history while Nixon completed this second term suppose built Clinton when comparable the questions about monochlor whiskey would have looked at the press corps and said yes i did have sex with that woman mislewinski then it would become a matter of adultery between him and hell but probably would have blown over promptly intended caring this fantasy even further suppose book into a congress in american people that we don't have any real proof that satim was seen as weapons of mass destruction but we think he does based in past history and we're pretty sure he conscript with the sum of in law to plan the 9th of the text congress might have told him to go back and get the fact before launching an attack that is cost more than 2200 american lives countless of rackets of it in cash release and destroyed america's credibility on the world stage then again congress caught up in the post 9 eleven bloodlust might have said go ahead signs of bad man bound pomegranate the so-nage whenever no what decisions might have been made because of the sins that were made were based on lies not on truth bush pensy lost the word of free the people of arach what we really need is a word of free and outloaded concept called truth is is is me or others is is five sixteen two a lot of salt and our go listening to you worth of all the Carter has more talent than his right pose and you will ever have and he's not a pineapple had used to be fat valued who's the monkey that's more fun than a very lucky party party with the animals I was breaking jack Daniels all the time the there's trouble he's the only I admitted the changes in ask and if there's a chance for adventure I guess I'm the black sheep of the family he's into a recognized american's water troops to come home as quickly as possible this will happen on my watch we intend to stay forever curious sure our children and our grandchildren are grown for body parts now he's an only one I'm still up to the same old spirit well I might be I need to learn to communicate better welcome to the world of curious sure I believe we want shame on you to fool me can't get fool you 34% approval ready let's hear the the bumbler and of course 18% for then I dig okay here's the recipes that we were I was asked in for before I'm kind of like sick of my stomach read them yeah hummus pure chickpeas ever see a chickpea yeah lately pure a chickpeas sesame tahini and herbs and spices used as a spread on pita by and it says here camel jockeys you're gonna really piss off the europe street using language like that tell it and then haggace it says a revolt in concoction using sheep's lungs stomach part lungs oatmeal and spices I think lungs is in a considered a national dish of scottland maybe that's why they asked so strange up there lady can't get enough lung oh god maybe that's why they walk around with him kills the nothing underneath that's not why it says correctly it wouldn't give you a pinch of poop for either one I second that and I was in full heart of it the new york times who the u.s defense department yesterday demanding that the handover documents about the national security agencies domestic spying program I know two sometimes wonder I'm sitting here reading these stories you know and you think that a person that calls the radio show goes oh like that yeah thinking really cares about these things that I'm reading or anything that's going out in the world no they just care about when you're gonna pick the phone up against so they can do it again oh I see well not today by the way and you know something I'm really thinking very seriously is it as a gift to myself on my 30th anniversary tomorrow when it's these special if I never took one call tomorrow don't tease wouldn't I I'm gonna not be able to prevent their outpouring of affection if you do that I have already seen a preview today believe you me I've already seen the real preview affection is not not a word that exists in the vocabulary of Southland it's mostly hostility and hate how we're gonna take all those controlled phone calls that you know I guess we may well I don't know I haven't decided it not to do it and fight out and I know you wouldn't be stupid enough to do that again it's very soon after recent event though the times watch the list of documents including all internal memos and emails about the program of monitoring phone calls without court approval it also seeks the names of the people or groups identified by it the times of December broke the story that the NSA had begun and after they said on for a year by the way the NSA had begun accepting domestic communications believe link to all kind of following the land level of tanks that provoked renewed criticism of the way the George W. Bush's handling is declared war on terrorism. Bush called it a closure of the program for the times a shameful act and the US justice department has launched an investigation in who leaked it probably that guy in Ohio the times have requested that there might be Ricky Martin the times have requested the documents in December under the FEMA information act but soon upon being unsatisfied with the Pentagon's response that the request was being processed as quickly as possible according to the six paid suit file in federal court in New York you go times what's in a while I get a right you know sometime it will be slow sometimes it's a bit of a middle of a story that she's incapable of uh giving any answers to she's idiot the federal officials this is about the retired army lieutenant colonels on the no fly list the federal officials who are busy assuring americans that they've got their act together when it comes to managing poor security are inspiring much confidence with their approach to airline security when doctor Robert Johnson a heart surgeon did his act of duty within the US Army reserve before being honorably discharged with the rank of lieutenant colonel arrived at the Syracuse airport near his home and upstate New York last month for a flight to Florida he was told he could not travel why Johnson was told that his name have been edited the federal no fly list is a possible terror suspect Johnson was served in the military during the first Gulf war and then came home to service north of New York's first board certified thoracic surgeon and an active member of the community in his hometown of sack at server is not a terrorist suspect but he isn't outskilled in critic of the war in Iraq who mounted a scrappy campaign for congress as the democratic shelter to the republican representative john McEw and 2004 and who plans to challenge McEw again enough state New York sprawling 23rd district. Johnson who eventually made it on to flight to Florida's angry and like a growing number of work critics whose name is vended up on no fly list some of them prominent many of the merely concerned citizens he wants to mancers why would a former lieutenant colonel who swore and also defend and protect our country pose a threat of terrorism he asked interview with the Pittsburgh press republican newspaper so far is not getting satisfactory responses to his questions no what a series here for what tell him why he was on the list no as the federal transportation security administration was composed of no fly files been forthcoming except to say that names are added to the watch list on the recommendations we see from federal agencies and information including intelligence and law enforcement agencies yadiyada. The story's gotten a good deal of media attention of state New York and Johnson is speculating with reporters about whether his name ended up on list because he ran against McEw as a veteran who will fully declare that I know the ravages of war and I know the sacrifices that have been made when wars in our national interest this war is not in our national interest. McEw's office denies any wrongdoing by the republican congressman a senior member of the powerful house armed services committee who brings about working closely with the Pentagon and intelligence agencies Johnson is not backing off his call for an explanation the physician candidate told a transfer paper that the secrecy surrounding the i said Pittsburgh before a passport the six secretaries names addition to no fly list and the prospect that I might be there because of the anti war views is outrageous this is like McCarthy is in the 50s says Johnson well let's bring it back again john McCarthy what do you say in Roy calling and right uh haven shine you get a shovel he's had a took a shine in g david it was all a big gay thing but then again you know I hear about that five six seven oh five six see I'm given the phone number I'm certainly not taking any calls but just give it up to keep your off the screen the 800 and eighty eight hundred and eighty four votes see we'll get to nine hundred top of the hour and if Josh would have pushed it we'd have eight thousand of it if john but he's got you know we can't read the lean on him too much because first of all he's headed to like four thousand stories and last the since you've been on second league as we love some sudden check in the stuff couple days to keep him pacify a heavy anniversary ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I thought it was supposed to be the way around I thought you guys supposed to send me a gift I guess that's okay never started there we knew like crap which is and of course is that I feel guilty because it's partly because you're connected to the show yeah partly yeah and I could say it's entirely because you're involved with his show if you're involved with a sports show you already we're making like 80 grand a year and that'd be able to park under the building I don't know what you're laughing about it's true if you were like head your head up turns his ass you'd be making a big box you have your own jacket you are in your own park in spot out there you probably get to water not see spot let me go a little bit up yeah definitely what spot to live up 884 votes people in South Florida are rude and and in the hot style 433 dumb is dirt on 154 mostly okay 152 and harmless the worst drivers in the world 59 I hate this pool 58 people in South Florida best solumentaiocho has been aged for a long time friendly 8 and geeks solumentaio dose this is meal rush this is 562 a little boy tell me your death while president's oh you ain't kidding goodbye George you got to go to me oh my old you got to go home because you're a fan of the bio but you sure flew quick when you came to sick Terry Shavoh cube son of all bullshit the food your two shall save the you're a dog if while people's well you played a well no relax and go flow well he was on vacation I are a cheese and not your couple of keys that's half a damn dough oops and no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario you with the world busy having for him national he'll investigate at a later date that's real bullshit so I think you switch away to one stat but you can't lock up so it don't continue but no one will get playing like with angel playing no hands will roll apart and as for this it'd be a slap on the wrist and no charges file what a surprise because you're a liar no one gets fired with each new mess so no fun it a new death toll a swift in the polls that's no problem oh you're spent it you're spin the she will deal with new world leaves because that's their job as per usual son of all but she is a foot in your touch you're an hour we just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no rainbow how the problem solved you paid it off the years if these can most of us you have no shame oh shame what's that and what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died oh son of a bitch you should be in peace then we mean from down to a hall of favor and death of the hell you're here jackass on 47 I think jackass understand but anyway I never mentioned it on the air I mentioned when he wanted to wobble into the studio congratulations to Brian and Allison the beast got a wedding invitation to mayor yesterday lovely thing do you get yours actually I'm told that that's a pre-invitation to alert you that an invitation is going to be followed I see July 3rd 2006 got their pictures here fireworks will fly as two rivals collide out of the swamp but in not any ors bull what they trumped to nest is sunny out sport and it's got the she's wearing a gator out fit and he's got of course the hurricane thing on and that's sweet a sweet save the day July 3rd you turn anyway uh nice going and go there right there should you hope to air it to everybody anything alive the beast landed a bride more than 50 kiln string of bad data tax more bad news we're a bride from over yonder just in at least 25 people were kilton 43 others wounded tonight there are time in a blast never she had mosque the most recent a string of bombings in a rest capital in all at least 55 people were killed today and bagged at the latest violence in the important last week that heavily damaged they were feared she had shrine further freight relations on the air of street not doesn't say that I just made that up official said more than 170 people wounded in seven attacks two day in bagged at it goes on with some few over here if it's just their dime like flies that's because we're liberating the man freedom is on a march it's coming and stores electricity and water and all these other things and safety right Republican governors are openly on the young one I gave it 30 seconds thought about 30 not 30 me not taking any calls tomorrow you know I said I didn't know my my final resolution was yes for that yes are you that good it I'm not going to take any calls tomorrow nobody saw I thought I called this people back get out of here you didn't call anybody I didn't call any back good because what you know first of all be so boring you know I don't like doing boring I mean it's inevitable that when you run four hours a day five days a week and you work three four year we see you're like I do yeah sooner later is going to be some boring spots you know but the idea of doing something that you know is going to be boring just a buck hissing a happy I never got an up at all ready okay I'd rather go back and play a whole bunch of bits and like do a little verbal intercourse you know over the history of the whole thing thanks to Siddlevin thanks to a dead people like to cast her Gary Lawrence who still alive I believe I hope you know the people that helped me make this money because believe me that's that's all it's all about at this point trust me if there were ever any doubts not that they were but if there had been after this experience today it just proves you what it is just like Michael said in godfather three to a to Vincent and Egarcia you are what you are and that's my message to south Florida you are what you are and thank you for helping me make a very very handsome living and be able to go and punch my gutted wood vine and do whatever you want but you know it is what it is and ain't going to get no better it didn't go to change anyway so why do you think I made the wrong choice not totally not you have all people who are just raising you no you're probably in governor is hopefully worrying about the bushes and the administration's latest symbols from the last world as after hurricane Katrina those of its own making on prescription drugs and poor security are taking an election year toll on the party back home to which we say a ride the GOP governor's reluctantly ignores at the series of gaff threatens to undermine public confidence in bushes ability provides security which has long been his greatest strength and probably is only strength among voters safety safety safety you've got solid conservatives coming up speaking like they haven't before it's likely that something is going on at the grassroots Republican Mark Stanford as South Carolina said whether it's temporary or not it means to be seen he'd be saying the on ease was clear and interviews more than a dozen governors over the weekend including nearly half the Republicans attending the winter meeting of the national governor's association the annual conference was taking place in a capital and throw by the political firestorm over government plans to approve take over operation of some terminals at 6 US ports by a company owned by the UAE the freaking Arabs man some of the same people at bond us on 9 11 that knocked down the twin towers in the attack to Pentagon and hijacked four commercial airliners that killed like over 3000 people and when just like your buddy Lou Dobbs did last night when commerce as your treasury secretary snow is now talking when commerce supersedes safety safety and homeland security and it's pretty obvious that the whole of the country is just a trumped up pilot crap and you know something if indeed this administration was involved in 9 11 and or knew about it then maybe they realize that there probably isn't such a great threat of terrorism in the first place or let's say created or allow it exactly they know and they know anything happened again because if it does it'll probably be uh they're watched you're probably be uh with their uh uh exactly whatever they know it's not going to happen to you they haven't yeah. In other words if you invade if you're the only criminal in uh Broward County for existence example and you might be uh yeah in your neighborhood and then you're doing stick up said convenience stores it's easy for you to go public and say guess what uh the next couple of months are going to be any stick up so those can be answers because I'm not going to do them. How do you know because I'm the one that's doing them anyway. This is kind of a flooring if flirty and like more than 500 counter-proteers held back counter-protectors held back by 300 police officers grabbed out the message of a neo-nazi group that marched through Orlando's historic turmoil neighborhood on Saturday over the weekend didn't have time for this yesterday. neo-nazi's in Orlando what a concept. 22 members of the National Socialist Movement somewhere in Kaki uniforms with swastika arm bands finished their march with the rally outside the federal court house that could not be heard over the during crap. I thought probably a lot of people would be just figured it was a bush crowd you know. The group shut down to rally 90 minutes early and left town they hauled ass they high-tailed it out of there. 17 people arrested all of them from the crowd separated from the neo-nazi's violins and a police and riot gear. Police in civic leaders expressed pride that the event ended without the violence some had feared. I've lived here since 44 and never been more proud of Orlando Orange County and Central Florida said former legislator Alzo J. Redick one of the organizers of the B. Cool campaign that hers residents to ignore the march and the rally. I scoff you all over again okay neo-nazi's on do I have time for this? The US and the EPA won't oppose the US Department of Defense and DuPont companies plan to dump a wastewater byproduct of a deadly nerve agent in the Delaware River. The agency said it's assured of safe treatment for up to 4 million gallons of cost-acquaste water created in the treatment for VX a chemical weapon with a pin-out-sized potency to kill a human. DuPont is treating VX for disposal as nuclear or new port chemical depot in Indiana. One more good reason not to be in Indiana. That's the White House over weekend. Please, my old man, please don't go hunting with the King. You