Yeah, right now coming out of Toronto. So you have been off the one that the joys of you all have said about well it may be that may come yet. Oh, that's down. So what did I miss? I'm Martin Luther King the yesterday. Let's see. Um, I don't know. I had, uh, I'm watching Joe. Yeah, what a guy. Very nice. Got a great GM at 2 AM. Oh, they like that now. We need to say a two to four guy to see George's pull. All right. Help me. I beg your pardon. You helped him with this pull. I have to get into that. Put it together. Ha ha ha. Oh, assemble it. You're the one. I was looking for names. I gave him a group of that. Yeah, it's good to be put having cold on there. Uh, what's his name? Uh, Sarni. I've been all upset. The only problem is he only got seven votes. Hey, Sarni, you didn't get him all the publicity. You want nobody knows who that is. What a check. I said Sarni is anyway speaking of a bad officiating. Wow. Yeah. One of the most pathetic. Now, I'm not saying I'm one of those poor losers. I mean, when you give the ball away five times like the Patriots did and they call and then reverse scores for the time. Uh, even over a couple of bad calls. You know, they gave the game away. They could actually one that game didn't play that well. But they should have won again. They gave it away. Yeah. They turn over. You can't turn the ball over five times in a playoff game on the road. But conversely, in a sneer Indianapolis game, I'm going to tell you two things which you already obviously know. Uh, and I got the, uh, from sports of Australia.com, the NFL says the referee made a mistake. Try polimalu caught the ball. Yeah, we talked about that yesterday. I mean, give me a break. He rolled over about 85 times. He ended up even saw a dog roll over that many times and he had a ball for like, how many seconds would he say? He didn't check it. Oh, no. He's a knee, but I mean, but about any referees full of crap. In addition to which, how about the no call on Randall L who got tackled in the win, they were driving for a touchdown that long bomb? I mean, if he's hitting, he got tackled on that play and they didn't call it a appearance. And then, of course, a cow are also almost helped his own cause and blow it again, because instead of, but we stopped voicing manning when he stopped the all out blitzing. Well, how about when he stopped throwing a ball? Yeah. I mean, he was at the end of his offense. Yeah. Yeah. He started playing with that play. I mean, I played. How many times did you see to get a team try to protect the lead and then blow it? Yeah. I think they won in spite of calorie yesterday. That's right. Yeah. And then at the end of the game, well, he out coached Tony Dunji. Well, I didn't say him to me. I don't agree with that. We almost out coached himself. I thought I don't agree that he out coached Tony Dunji. I think, you know, it wasn't done useful to say lost. That's right. People keep saying that, you know, it was, uh, Dunji gave him too much time off. We'll see how he had time off too. It didn't affect them. Yeah. What I'd tell you about the risk, and by the way, he operated. Yeah. That's a pretty good way of the way to can't blow offense. It can't go any points. Well, if it went too many games, they'd have to point. We're scoring 35 points a game until the last week of the season. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, yeah. That was not in our playoff game. That was against the girls teams. Well, that was against the giants. Like I said, how did the giants do in this game? It was Dallas. Yeah. Like I said, pretty weak division. It's pretty good to conference when you're confronted with that. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're talking to the boys. I think the NFC is pretty weak. Except for the good teams like the Saints. But anyway, now we don't want to argue about that. But we've got important stuff like that. Pull about who's going to do two to four for Mo. And what are we going to talk about now? I'll wonder if next 80 years, huh? Outdoor speech. Yeah. I sent that to George yesterday. You know, Greg is gone. And no Mo. So we're totally out of material. All the losers are talking with us. All the leads. All the leads. Yeah. Right. That was the allegation. What is he going to talk about now? If I really, let's talk about whatever we want to talk about, including him. But I'll get to that later. Anyway, George is poor. Let's see. Anyone in suds. Well, that's not going to happen because obviously with parents involved here. We're not going to do another non-sport. I said anyone in suds. Oh, did you really? Yeah. Oh. Well, maybe you'd like to come back and do a couple hours. What do you mean? I'll take a little nap. Place all your early bets to the early weight. Come back and do two to four. See, the ideal situation, which isn't going to happen, would be mad dog two to six. See, I mean, I think they'd like to see that happen. Yeah. I know that there were you try that. The only problem is, I mean, I'm not going to do that. Being a smart guy that he is, he's already got his great skin voice. He's a good work. We were four to seven, which usually worked down to four to six, 30 because of hockey games and Marlons games and all of these things. Right. So he's not going to, for the same money, do four hours where he's doing most of the time, two and a half hours now. Yeah. He's ready to do four hours. I am. Oh, what is that start? Oh, look at the schedule tomorrow. Hank, six to ten. Oh, right. We'll not be happening either. No. No. No. We don't have a problem there. We got the big O. And by the way, the big O is doing a hell of a job five to seven. Nobody messin' with that. No. He is rock solid. Rock solid. Early morning hours before most people are awake. They're all we got. By the way, he had the wrong and played that. Very jackass too. What a very jackass, right about that. He said that though there was no interest in both camper. He's got another job, whatever. A boat there is interest there. And I think both interest it too. Oh, Kimbo wants to do two to fold? He'd do it. Okay. Well, what would your pick be between Curtis and Kimbo camper? I know a fence to Curtis, but I would throw bow in there. You throw bow? Yep. Go ahead, tell your wife. You better go to training if you're going to be doing that. Yeah. If you can't even handle roll marks. Both go a lot of things go a form. First of all, he's got eight feet tall. And the waste of about six hundred pounds, yeah. He's great with football. He's a good basketball talker. He's kind of dull. He's a good guy. I like him a lot. He's got that cow out there in front of the university. He does. Yeah. One of them brought in from Dan Dauze. So you would put Curtis in there? I'd ask. He's wrong with developing a young guy. I'd rather not go really rehashing the same old jacks. You know? I mean, with all of your respect to Kimbo, I like a lot. He's a dull. I mean, he's a good guy. But dull. Kind of like your buddy. And some of the other dullers. I mean, you know, I mean, look at the people on his list because they're crow. No. This is like, this is a comedy list. Y'all, the. Oh, my god. No. First of all, he can't do it anyways. He's out of town half of the time. What was hockey squeaks. The beast. Eddie K. He's definitely not coming out of his crib for the daytime. I was not, I know. He's not going to give up the daytime race track. Joe's a geek. You know, comment. Let him our test. A little humor there, you know. Jesse Agro. I never heard Jesse on the air. So I'm not going to rip him too much. Troy. Oh, no comment. And Evan Cohen's only got some votes. He's not in deep. I thought defile a meaningful. And Joe rose. Well, on here, he did better than any of the other sports nerds. But he's not a contract over there. Now, that would be good. Wouldn't that? That's an old brainer. But like you say, he's got a contract. Does he really? Yeah. You sure that. Yes. Oh, well, in case, across him, and such that he couldn't happen because they don't want a non-sports show. So, uh, Curtis. I can tell you this. They wouldn't have made that move a long time ago of children that would contract. Right. Well, let me just say right now, uh, Joe, uh, isn't the one who left on his own. They showed them off the door. They invited him to leave. But then it was the previous regime, you know. Well, let's do one. Let's do sushi. And then, of course, you're going to hiding, huh? See, rather than talk about your clothes or clothes or clothes. And I'd rather, like, rip an ass to that place. I'd rather rip the other guy to just let's a little preceding him. Man. You talk about leave. You talk about leave. It is creating a nightmare on this. Even though, of course, he is our consultant. But, uh, wow. Just unbelievable stuff. I was thinking about the day that he and Norma can't were supposed to meet to extend my contract, which eventually happened through a lot of grief as you know those deals. But, uh, and I did a pollback day, who's gotten screwed over worsted QAM. I don't remember what precipitated. I made this after one of your suspensions. And, uh, so the mean got canceled to a clock. I called up Norma Kent, my agent. He says, oh, uh, Philus called the tummy to meet him. He was canceled. Greg didn't like the tone of your poll today. Oh. Ha ha ha ha. Like a child man, like an infant. I mean, we're talking about business. And his feelings were hurt. He didn't like the tone of the poll. Like an overgrown child, you know. See, now we're right. You met, you know, you met the new guy. He had lunch with him. Now we're running a business as opposed to monkey business. That's what was going on before. And for turnity was Greg's private club, not a renovidness. I'll tell you what I like. Yeah, what do you like? The emphasis on sales. Yes, that's right. You know, it's already the impact it's had. He's scared to hell out of some of those people. You ain't seen enough in yet. Yeah. There's me. I'm sure that's, uh, come right from the horses mouth too. Or something like my phone rang at 2.15. Oh, and by the way, Saturday morning. Holy moly, guess how many minutes I was at wood by and Saturday morning? How many? 25. Why, what happened? I just locked into the good machine. Oh, oh. I can be like, uh, cost me a 250 dollar investment and a game of a couple of spins. Give me the 250 in coins right back and about 10 minutes later. But I'm being there's 3000 online and I ran out of there. I cashed my coins and ran out to door. Now yesterday, that was another story. But you don't want to hear about that. I was one of those days when chasing paid off. I was losing. Anybody that says that those machines aren't on computer programs. Anybody who tells you that is either ill informed or just a liar because, uh, give me a break. I did it. I had a very good day Saturday. You're saying I need it. Thank God. I can't play the racing. It's called, uh, Gulf Stream. It's just, well, but the sanity that a car was very playable when I did well. And then someday I had both the four winners was a good weekend. What's not to like? I started out losing my ass yesterday. Me most of it back, but they phenomenal come back because I found a good machine. Mine. So there you go. You know, when you hurt your losings down to almost nothing, you feel like you're one million. Yep. So life is good man. That's all we can say here at QAM, Life is sweet. Nothing can be sweeter than. Don't, don't, don't, don't. They would not have to tweeter. Whoever the tweeter was, I don't know. But basically work with a guy at Sarasota's name was Peter Jones. We used to call him the tweeter. Peter the tweeter. Yeah. Peter the tweeter. Well, don't ask me. I don't know. Makes sense of anything, huh? That's radio. By the way, uh, there will be a memorial for Chuck. So, what's the name of the tweeter? It's a third of a heckle be there. I thought this happened. No, that was yesterday. Did you go? No, I'm, we're having no. Or, if the Olympia theater Saturday morning. At what time? It's either a 10 or 11. I'll let you know tomorrow. Okay. So how can you work there yesterday? Because I'm doing a one here. Oh. Well, yeah. You don't want to go all the way to Bucca. No, it's, uh, yeah, there was one for his Palm Beach guys, I guess, and one for the one's down here. That's good. So I'm, I'm working with somebody on it and, uh, it'll be great, you know, it'll be a proper trivia. Excellent. Well, well deserved. Yep. I'm, that note, have a wonderful day. We got to, like, cut these a little bit short now, because we actually got some spots on the long these days. Oh, by the way, are we going to have something for Mo? What do you mean? Well, he's gone. Oh, right. It's the beginning. I got a new moment. Oh. Okay. I'll be those things. I'm sure you will. Have a nice day. Ask them a new one. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. We should just sit here. No. Backed by Peter and Shove and so my secretary became. No. No. You can't take my move around, no, no. All that makes my butt sore. The best years of what we've made in the news of my life. I can't finish this place. Oh. I'm so glad. Guess what old time you'd like me to go with him, the few ones. I look wishly and pretend to be true. I am not a fool. You'll set a guy in. Not you, just as I go. Why, why, why, why. You can't catch this fool. You're a fool. I'm a stay home, my little baby. I'm a stay home, my little baby. I'll hand my kids back to the farm and call and I'll go one time. I'll go to my office and clean out my desk. That is if I only had an order for this story test. I swear, I'll put the boat on to the office and watch the shoppers from a man. That's good. I want to make great things with a better self-coist way of living. When he got hired and down for a day he used to be. The door of the toilet door. The door of the toilet door. The door of the toilet door. The door of the toilet door. The door of the toilet door. I'm a stay home, my little baby. I'm a stay home, my little baby. Wow. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, is that time already? Man is showing. Wow. 1013 at 5.60. WCWM. No, no. We got a new GM. We got Maddie Bell as the GM at Power 96. Don't step on him now. Man, all kinds of stuff going on. Maybe the beastly smart pills are something like that. Why isn't it? Anyway, let's do what to break. Because we like back there. So I was in one of the long cross over the hump. We had to catch up on. Including the really bad officiating in the NFL playoffs. Especially in the Steater Coast game. That was just pathetic. Even Josh would agree with that. Definitely. No, it's sad. And nearly a damn near cost in the game. But anyway, maybe they had a big bet. You know what's that time of the year again? Lotty made new years resolutions. You want to get rid of that unhealthy and nasty looking fat. Oh. Well, this year you have the best chance. It's balanced for life where they bring in the food that delicious good stuff in a little black sack every morning and you're all set for the whole day. And the beast is on a tune. If he ever shows his fat ass in there and starts getting on the scale and giving us some information, we can tell you what his progress is to. What can be easier than getting three gourmet meals in two delicious snacks delivered every day right your doorstep and that little black sack and still lose the weight like crazy. Why would you want to join a gym fight the traffic or try some of those dangerous pills or that other crap that doesn't work with no results anyway? Sign up for balance for life. They give you a weekly menu. You actually pick out the stuff that you want for each meal and snack every day. And they do all the work. They prepared delicious meals. They deliver right your doorstep as you work at your home. And the weight to pours off your fat ass. So this year save your life. Get in the zone with balance for life. Don't wait. Call them now. Imagine you're a larger than a QM and get two free days of food this week. If you are mentioned QM or an old meal. 1 8 6 2 2 5 45 45 43. This is a meal. Rogers. This is 5 16 2 5. And the last one. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. Nice and way to walk. This place is never wedienced. This place is never weduer. This is a good meal. This is a good meal. This village markers are where humans have serving access to everything they gather. This is an important thing. Since the 80th oldest cause of construction will come out to me Weально really help. We need a에게 to help. Outwear your family. That path will go under a hooligan. Our parents usually come across a use of fruits. I'll be ready to be back to the restaurant and it's a lie You're fair, I'm so proud of you You're so hard to be strong But I prefer to think about how Rectomy See you in touch, real pie I invite you to the field of death I invite you guys I invite you to the field of death Tell me that you're a big girl Well, you're a big girl I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you And it's you, she goes to No, no, she's too much Come on, you're not a girl I'm gone, I'm a winner This year, you are the icon I'm out, I do a stick gun I like to do where a friend I look that close to the sky I'm the last one I've ever seen I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you And it's you, she goes to the field of death I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you So I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you You're fair, you're a big girl I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you Oh, well, you know, Josh, what story do you think I'm Saturday that you put on our website head by far in a way the most leadership? I'd answer that, but I don't remember Yes, but how about the one where the headline was Ricky Martin, our RAGE Dover Contra, Rizzie caused by his golden shower combat Do you remember that story? I do I actually don't remember that one I actually don't remember that one has expressed outrage over controversy that emerged after we told the leading US music magazine that he enjoyed golden showers the act of urinating on another person was that a song by El Jolson when golden showers and you away? Remember that? Was it April, April golden showers? I do, for the pop star was especially upset by statements by conservative leaders in his native Puerto Rico who said he should give up his charitable foundation and helps deprive and depraved children I love giving the golden shower he told Blender magazine earlier or magazine Oh man, I've done it before in the shower it's like so sexy, you know, the temperature of your body in the shower water is very different but in the statement posted on and by the way for your Ricky Martin fans you pick up the National Encryor there's quite a picture of him recording with one of his male friends on the beach you have to see it to believe it anyway, it says, but in the statement posted on his webpage you said he never thought his comments are so sad political discussion has become sensationalist and in other words he doesn't he doesn't deny it or he tracked his statement he likes it I demand respect for my foundation in our works at Martin who's best known for his 99 hit Living La Vita Bed Over Oh, the Clark, well there's a middle-of-a-lifist my show kid, that's enough Stop with the music already When golden showers so Ricky Martin hit on the twitch its own golden showers and of course some show that a whole lot more people read that he wanted read it he made copies of it just said it all your friends posted on the T-Rume doors auto-monamerica it was on Saturday's stories and my here's a George's pull from yesterday which damn he stole the pull I would have taken today but then if you get lazy no I had respect it was Martin Luther King they always told the state of hell away now I wasn't told it, I just given the option my brains are trying to get my money back and eventually got a lot of it back it was brutal anyway who should have placed more Howard David is the pull question today or yeah yeah whatever was 13-18 votes anyone in such now Hank came up with that he said I would have thought you would have come up with that I think Hank suggested it Mom be damned 381 said that but why is Hank suggesting that I shouldn't ask him that we don't need any more sports shows we have to have like Hank and a mad dog and any kid night and then whatever was fine there would be no show anyone said anyone in such that leads by sitting in miles but of course we don't know who that anyone would be and it does just you know what does that mean anyone in such like like looking at white pated or the phone book and pick a name sure not gonna be above 207 that was a strong second place but of course Joe has got a contract over across the street which argument he is right now from what I am hearing he is probably not too happy about the fact that he has got a contract over there you know when you think you probably come back in a second now that certain people are gone but nevertheless I got the bit right now I'm sure don't talk about Joe that way now Curtis Stevenson won 33 so all the real possibilities Curtis leads a pretty heavy duty leading there what would you say? absolutely and I told him so yesterday after noon as I saw absolutely yeah I gave him my vote now see Hank goes for a Kimbub because the two of them are sports the nerds that go way back a long time and maybe he's intimidated by big like role Martinez and Kim who are like huge guys because just beat to snap out on him and step on his fat ass probably slurt Curtis 133 or Lando the big oh how do you like that? are real sleep or he's got 88 he came in the second Curtis rock solid but he's doing so well they're 5 to 7 you know I'm sure that the new GM Joe is not going to want to mess with success if it's not broken note fix it right? 5 to 7 is positively rock solid now keep men here when people are sleeping Steve Geldy Gelsstein 72 votes that's kind of shocking I'll release you'll keep you wake in the early afternoon hours Jeff D. Foto for 69 I'm sure he's also got a contract over there at least we can hope Kimbub camp for 51 he was kind of like midlan on the list in the middle but not not to not to not to call like a forage Warren the Crow Crow Marty is now he didn't the comedy in the names the Crow had 39 the beast 33 right any K23 who I'm sure prefers being on the late night when it no there's no nobody in the building Lenny martes 18 or Joseph Gaki 19 and Lenny 18 so easy to forget Joe who needs a personality transplant Jesse Agar 15 try stradford 11 Troy's fall in many inches in live our minds lately by the way how we do intro with anything or that's right and Evan Cole and had Solomon Paceet they only seven that's because nobody knows who he is he might be the best in slice bread but nobody ever heard of mince but a Jim Sarnys percolian efforts to make him into a super star there isn't one column about local sports talk that Jim Sarnys and go on and on all Evan Cole in 760 and Palm Beach 760 the most of us is WTR and Detroit where JP McCarthy is doing shows from the other side now how many years have been dead even did a long time so at any rate of incone was dead last with only seven boats so I don't know maybe he's great you never heard him right they'll Josh never heard him to be a tender probably times he read the Jim Sarnys so I kind of like I still say Curtis let's put a button for Curtis and let me just say this okay before we move on because I know you already got one crank called yesterday and it's fine with me I can hear what you guys what you want and you finally forced to go out to the door I was asked about that last my 30 minute conversation last week with Joe about that situation and I gave him a little bit of background about the hostility in the building but I said don't put me in that position because I'm not going to be involved with other people so I had that in do that I didn't say yes know whatever do whatever you want they had their lunch and it was decided you know would you like to stay or would you like us to pay off for two months to go away now and of course who the hell wouldn't right if somebody gives you a chance getting paid for two months to go out and play golf and listen to the radio at home all day I have no right you'd probably take the money right take the money in one so we certainly I'm sure that there are people in the building who wish more all the best I don't know who they might be but maybe if he is in cargo come up with a name think about it for a couple hours and we should all the best in his future endeavors wherever place you decide to terrorize next 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM with lightning quick speeds the latest features in security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust and today you can get on board for just 9.95 month or three months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 1.5 and up to a hundred times faster than dial up with your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games just surfing your favorite sites Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to features like the fan video mail, Comcast Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just in a few not only that but you get macophysicurity tools included so you can be sure that your internet experience will always be safe and secure so what you wait and for start doing more faster than ever for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or three months you'll want to high ever manage to live without it call in Broward 9.54 Comcast or in day 305 Comcast 2 day call for details certain restrictions apply Broward 9.54 Comcast or in day 8 of course 305 Comcast this is a meal rather this is 5 16 16 up from a spoco doctor is who's got to let us know right so far that we're so wrong some days and say that he is fine some days and say he has my mind so come on and let us know will he stay or will he go I'm dying over here he will not pay pay or he has a stroke I haven't saved I think someone is telling lies don't even know if he's alive maybe you see when just so slow what's up with Harry L'Share those I will say this is doctor told him to go on a diet what a sense of humor what you think maybe a little bit late is we all married or live in this guy's name once Palestinian peace talks i.e. I don't want to do that because it will spoil everybody's fun I mean why should there be peace over there to have been killing each other for thousands of years and that's what keeps it interesting anyway and let me just say this that's very exciting for all of us is that this most situation which is bestowed for what we say about four years okay previous regime we now have a general manager who is decisive in other words the sales situation in Hank evidently indicated they must have discussed it there or this in lunch all of these things here's a guy that comes in and a hands-on situation deals with them doesn't let them fester or rock or create all of his crepticozons that's a bad situation when management just like kind of like a hands-off to the extent that they look the other way and just don't get involved and let bad things fester you know this guy's not our T.C.B. that's right then you know if a city have like a smell of a dumpster like robbing garbage you know yeah when you walk into our building up up until about a week or two ago you smell oh man what's that somebody must have cut some really bad cheese no it's not it it was the festering all the hookworms and the oh man you can just smell it from like a mile away if I keep all over there at the at that old far it's so much that we're swooning just from the aroma coming through the window first I could have been the vingelbury's but nevertheless so thanks to Joe Bell for like you know one way or the other handling things and moving on is opposed to like this this previous kind of like a dream world regime you know I don't know what he was thinking about I do know what he was thinking about I'll talk about that I just I don't want to like dwell on this because then we have a lot of non-sports people out there including George but I do think it's worth the sports of the street in it and also a lot of people and those are reading this on our website even Josh probably right by the way I mentioned but I love to to you about what's his name Diane Mark Potwanna or something what about him look why is that important because he's kind of do he spot fan I guess that's why why would you even mention that I would never mention that what you know is 38 so it's like a 28 that die every day do you have any idea who Mark Potwanna was just from you mentioning it I never mentioned Mark Potwanna who the hell he was he was related to the knees pot fan you got to know what pot fan man sorry you're hoping for the knees pot fan to be done now you're talking see never heard how you're talking my language what never heard of who yeah Mark Potwanna and yeah I do hear the NFL says the referee made a mistake try pummel molloo caught the ball boy great player bad here but he's a great player even Josh would agree with that definitely bad here you don't think he's a hell of a player yeah I do I think he's good but league it now he's a great player he's got a lot of big plays in that came in the bad here though come on I don't care about his here you're fairie the league ignores Monday that referee peeperrelli who he that this referee is he ought to be in jail when after that long long review and it comes up with that kind of a rolling he aired when he overchurned the replay and pull him all those interception ms and he paid many by the way I pay you fairer pass somebody in the playoff game between the quotes and they stealers might prepare the league's vice president of officiating set in a statement that merrily should have left the call in the field stand it was an interception he fumbled it kicked it out of his hand fumbled and recovered his own fumble stealer ball first down what kind of so they let the I somebody was that I've been that I'm at game I don't want to see who it might have been what kind of crap was that he maintained possession long enough to establish a catch for a said therefore the replay review should have upheld the call in the field it was a catch and a fumble and recovered his own fumble stealer ball first down after the reversal made with five twenty six left in Pittsburgh's window but a close Indianapolis from the score touchdown and two point conversion shaving the lead to twenty one eighteen and then of course to fumble on the two yard line the bus almost had a bus right there didn't we on a right to go line and then of course thank goodness at my commander Jack wide right missed the afforded to see our field of what it's a time of the game and what it's a gross a a rest gross would have been just as if that would have been how about the bears by the way they suck or what actually they made it's pushing a thought would to be able to be fine and then lose the Carolina they I thought Carolina back in the game also I thought they are kind of stuff to join out there late but nevertheless as long as the Patriots are gone like I said it's not important that the Patriots one but that the colds lost okay whatever you think you think that I really expected them to be tender in Denver yeah yeah you know it in that no I'd hope for it by didn't expect it know you're wrong I anticipated the worst and they played the bad of a game as they could five turn overstate is a lot of the lose by by you know all at least they got three super bull rings how about the bucks they got one how about the dolphins uh... anyway speaking of local issues the beastly that the beastly is all over the place this is really incredibly not it is right language everywhere you look you got your bells to g and Greg is our consultant all man that would be like you know what that's like that would be like it all for the building you can sell that on uh... jewish Christian relations you call that a consultant yeah every like Michael Jackson being a consultant on the fathering you know it just well with a catholic priest giving uh... instructions on marriage to uh... young people uh... i know that's why i'm saying ridiculous anyway and for thirty years now that ask anybody ever made a straight priest in the answer is still know you have two categories you have those priest to our get in those who are liars anyway these the elevates built the power g m and this is of course little maddie bill all right yes then you're said the building by the way maddie we took a poll before the show and uh... you know what everybody says hey uh... we want step on you but they're still there with power don't come anywhere near us and don't be interfering in the show and don't be picking on a little george anymore he just like pick on you because uh... you're almost assured is he is almost emediable he comes up to george's knees which always comes in handy by the way anyway man he steps up from his long-time role as general sales manager of beesley's see each of our rhythmic power ninety six mimey to take on additional responsibilities for programming and promotional activities at the station he replaces great read who left with his contract expired at the end of 2005 velvory port directly the beesley president c oh oh bruised beesley uh... who i understand was in the building ahead of meeting for about two minutes of the day to announce this right at he said i gotta be number one the power and i was in the everybody said okay go home go all the way back to bokeh where we came from for this important to many meeting well you got a chance to i ball bruised beesley and that worth driving all the way from where they came from aren't sorry i was listening to the tv math he was devoted as devoted his broadcasting career the mimey market is been instrumental in the long-term success of power ninety six but beesley says we don't know market career went by the way is he anybody seen him like they know i'm delighted that man is agreed to take on these additional responsibilities on competent at beesley and power ninety six on maintain their leadership positions in this important market their positions got to say that right being actively involved in the emergency growth of power to become one of my means leading radio stations been a driving force and high-light of our career bell says i would for and also a messing up with Georgia trying to get inspired and the rest and the tattling to uh... gregarine it was one of great is a mold you know you don't understand that all your people are in the audience that's why we pick on maddie bill he was part of that in a circle and i was reward for his suckups mentioned it said to be g m what was like that we're talking up to mention copyright that word again yes i have a fact that right when i've copyrighted before the show bell says i look forward to working with an exceptional team of people and together furthering power ninety six in during popularity playing a lot more than filthy music while focusing on new avenues of growth the twenty eight year broadcast industry veteran velvet analyst career w qa m i'm using a he is a gregarine uh... suckman he has served in the role of g s m if why well if there's going to be such suchmanship is going to be sucksman and power for twenty years with named bf general man general salesman for the early seven ninety nine and you're all maddie you little short for you so he person well goes to show you go to show and it's a good lesson for all you kids out there if you suck up heavy duty man for years and years and years you move your way to the top so to speak and anyway maddie bill is a still around so goes to show nothing perfect and that sales department i guess those people are probably like having green apple crisp up to the affair and about hanks uh... commentary and his meeting with your belt when you think i would think wow be some hedge roll and back there said put me put it so we can't sell it the rates or two i uh... we can't do this who those guys under your anyway reviving door we had under cross see so goes to show it and spread it fact there are few uh... idiot south there think that i'm a hard ass and i pick on people uh... you know i if people do a good job allowed them from here to the end of the world you know like mad dog for example i'm ever going to pick on him though even if he is from each again you know nobody's perfect but uh... people are aren't doing a job because see i know this comes as a great surprise to some including your buddy Troy i show up every day at least verbally anyway to do a job not uh... from monkey business but for real business that's what i show up for a long-due monkey business there's nobody netty i want to do monkey business with trust me when i tell you leave me for a while so do the break no we'll do today's poll thanks by the way to a shan out there thank god i'd put because why came back from woodwind yesterday about six thirty last night i looked on here i i knew you do it too i mean there was no doubt that's the right thing to do you know i test you said it was a smart move to do that uh... poll about who's going to replace mode to the poll right and uh... the greatest whole of the day by the way really in other words you had a preliminary one because of it just a little uh... homeless poll homeless poll about what about beating homeless to next uh... yeah we got more right here where should you the paper all the ten forty two at five sixty w q a m dry concepts is the best carpet company need a verse i've used them for over twenty years in my homes i wouldn't dream of calling anybody else and now they want to make your life a lot easier during this month during january dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract rock concepts maintenance contract gives you savings and real peace of mind to enjoy the benefits of their plan carpet rye cleaning service not only will you say fifty percent off the regular prices but you'll also enjoy the end of the end of the knowing that dry concepts will be there when you need them rock concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approaches opposed to the common clean dirty carpet approach don't be fooled by those nineteen ninety five specials that leave your carpet sok for days on end without treating the problems that really made him fill the first place you made the investment your carpets of post-reindravery led rock concepts protect the major investment and professional staff fully certified their service and standard of absolutely positively unmatched so take the way out of having your home sanitized augur long by sending up for dry concepts maintenance program call today and date baron and upon beaches it's a toll free call you'll be glad you didn't believe me one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one run the wicked webbits dry concepts dot com this is Neil Roger this is five sixteen two eight take off those checker bands yeah what's up this is Marcus Rick full of a junior tech and soon to be NFL quarterback yeah if you had about the hottest new dance in the ghetto uh oh well yeah do me one favorite baby lay on the ground oh no problem snap that's close stop what the new dance is called stop you lay your horse on the ground and stop on snap snap snap snap I said it's called stop stop that's right baby this is Marcus Rick saying stop them home stop too many vixer on I think although I do love vixer on my throat and winter time man I would enjoy something like this in vixer I love it other people don't really really are you serious about Josh you're we use vix yeah it's like it's got its purpose I don't know what that means I'm not asking about vastly I'm talking about vix yeah it's okay it's got its purpose what what does that mean satellite something really sub-rozen to me let's hear a little bit more about that back to wonder where Josh is sticking the old vix so it's a little bit on a strong side to be a lot of one yeah it burns wow yeah exactly I think Josh has got the basaline jar confused with a vixer I know wonders got that burning love anyway this rest in to our newsroom our newsroom all by the way to see there's one there's some news these up and I never really like the seabers until they were playing the course isn't just seeing how your leases change and the patriots lost and new and they have lots lost the way before they didn't win their playoff game the first one at all got their clock cleaned I just thought I'd mention that again too if you want to start up with that how many playoff games the bucks win this year mr smart asked how many turnovers did they have in their game now how many games did they win in a playoff this year mr buckman anyway so pincord up pulls over gone suicide law another another shot at the bush administration all right they supreme court which he just is gone Roberts is sending of course I'll tell over guns one of a kind physician assisted suicide law today rejecting a bush administration tend to punish doctors about criminal ill patients die oh doctor jack of orc in where are you now still in jail in Michigan no doubt justice is on a six-fee vote said the 97 ore gone law used to lend a lives and more than 200 seriously ill people trump federal authority to regulate doctors that means the administration improperly tried to use a federal drug law to prosecute ore gone doctors who prescribe overdoses then attorney general john askclaw filed to do that in saying that doctor resistant suicide is not a legitimate medical purpose justice Anthony Kennedy writing for the majority said the federal government doesn't need heavy authority to go after drug dealers and pass rules for health and safety but ore guns lock our vason a extremely sick people those with inturable diseases whom at least two doctors agreed have six months of less to live and are signed on what could cause tary and her chair of the story all together today's decision is a referendum sorts for askclaw Kennedy said the authority claimed by the attorney general is both beyond his expertise and in congress with the statutory purposes and design all right the authority designed by the government is inconsistent with the design of the statute of the fundamental respects the attorney general does not have the sole delegate of the third unit law can be wrote for himself returning just to send regal counter and justices john Paul Stevens David suitor and roofed her Ginsburg and Stephen dryer who makes one helper good ice cream robber and justices clearance token Thomas and at least he of course is sending and out of the have this other fascist on erolido and all boy but in any rate still would have been struck down five to four you see what that's right and all rain nagan old nagan had a mister called a rain nagan he's lost it whoo big time he's a pair of rubber said a doorleans now this is the goddess punishing my budget to that story is a very sad and we got the al Gore story says bush repeatedly and persistently broke a lot you talk about the yesterday and that's it that's it well he was speaking while you run scolier writing the descent said that federal officials had the part of regulate the rolling out of medicine oh yeah dual my hands like that although I can't find out how's Bob those hand is anything on that for what what had it was there okay let's uh little war room you know oh yeah and at a more stock they will see still that uh four hundred sixty nine votes what's the worst thing about religion that's uh one of uh Sean's Paul thanks again Sean we need your help badly on these Paul first of all George stole my poya instead that was sneaky speaking about why did you just think what the first one about uh what was it about about uh the real thing was uh should do the homeless have the right to camp and sleep in public places that's an excellent poll so why don't we leave that one on hold the uh we'll do the one again okay the worst thing about religion breeds hate intolerance 162 the whole world man 95 percent of the hatred exists because of religion and race that's what it's all about oh well it's the past wounds and it's the uh uh Kurds and the ways and the she heights and the uh Jews and the Orthodox and the uh conservative and the reform and the uh Catholics and the Russian Orthodox and the Greek Orthodox was Greek right though well we know their story we know the inside story and those Greeks religion breeds hate intolerance 162 and you folks have got your thumb right on it okay spawns violent phonetics 98 which of course comes out of that first part most of these are like tied together it's all bushman 72 nothing like lined your kids in brainwash human and then pointing the finger with the cultist and oh they brainwash patty herds and they brainwash this one and uh job about Bob Jones or we're gonna know was Jim Jones whatever his name was mark a popman it's all bushman 72 I think you got mark popman confused with uh the Felix popman and these popman you better get your pop fan streamers because you should don't know your pop from your van they're all the same to me probably got some pot in your van right now I have a van keeps people all your words close keep people stupid 67 ads right makes people like superstitious and uh more than a moment of life like people thousands of years ago here to the YouTube year 2006 we're destroying the planet they ice caps are melting pretty soon floaters gonna be underwater pretty soon uh Holland will all be underwater when what's those dice blow uh nothing we need to badly 32 6.6% of you think uh 32 people out of a 47 you know I say oh we need religion badly right is the Chinese say Dr. Hubbin in peace scientific progress 22 a great waste of time and money 11 and it curses over population 97 I'm sorry wake up calling you here only seven say encourages over population it's like a procreating game man who can have the most babies between the orthodox Jews and the Catholics and the Mormons and all these all these all these yes he's man we produce a like rabbits all but that quality of life don't start that stuff again because we know that's the secular humanist that's that's you know a secret who that's a catch phrase it was like a signal like the hand like you know scratching the of Thomas somebody's hand with your index finger right or the middle fingers you can worse that's a Ricky Martin said in the middle of his golden shower remember that song by Al Jolson I bet your book of writing a rabbit when golden showers come sprinkling your way you know like that it makes you kind of gay yeah similar to them I mean that that story is just so amazing you know I Ricky why don't you just come out you're fairly were I haven't been fully anyway except a dumbest of women you know see we're talking before the show about women in their taste and men yeah there are a whole lot of women who are like obsessed with people that they're living on the rain right cascade's yeah 61 anyway what was it going to say before you're up to me like a Martin my women are obsessed with fake it with gay yeah like in week a and Ricky Martin and Tony Geary and say I can understand Ricky Martin because what's a pot of time he looked pretty good now he looks like Kellon wheels and Ricky of course is a beautiful guy but some of these people like Tony Geary who was on general hospital he may still be on around as a band so don't drop it in fact I hear that the general hospital being replaced by body wash remember Tony Geary looking Laura Pukin Laura used to call I mean he and oh such a and not only a grotesque but also yeah and women just were swooning from her from him from it I told you the criteria what is that if it's on TV or in the movies if you don't a screen or maybe in one of those magazines you know one of those is star magazine then the women are obsessed you know like that but I don't think that the matter all that much different yeah to an extent sure something is so called stars that they get upset how about Paris help and there's another reason if you saw Paris help and walk in in the in the saw grass mall or the day land or somewhere you saw Paris something you say oh what a skanky bitch wouldn't have what I saw her that well that's what I'm saying but because of the fact he's got all that cash and she's now a superstar on TV and she's like even on your pop up toaster when you wake up oh she's hot and you see that video George I never forget that guy to call you breathlessly that day after the Paris Hilton sex video came out or did you of course like like by passing me because I was so fat you know what are you to write what would I know about corno and the one who's heard that is if anybody to write mine any any of your human being we want to see her doing anything by the way the video confirmed it what's yeah she sucks I'm going back to wood by now I have a little more to catch her from yesterday you know just a just incorrigible man you're like pixel bandboy who 500 one votes on a poll about religion get rid of it already stop bringing washing your kids stop sending the school with those little smothers on your head stop it and rosary beads and all these other chafties already important things are going on in the world like ballgains and stuff this is the new Roger show this is the boy who's a from the creators of dancing with his stars and skating with his stars comes up brand new reality show that will change the face of television you'll see Kelly Rippa brandy Jackson then bring chemistry consumed will learn about the realm of and will know in pooping with the star we love pooping with the stars since America seems to want to watch everything celebrities do we're taking the most personal five minutes of their day and putting it on television you'll see it all from the occasional culear ass to the cold water splat it's pooping with the stars rock man you learn this celebrity philosophies behind the number two skidoo and the secret public bathroom and on set movie RV don't miss a second of the season's hotest reality show pooping with the stars you know i'm with your brother and my or face from the seventy show watch me poop also the reason why they're right to privacy and decency but hey that's why their star some seems maybe upsetting the overview is parental discretion advised hey pooping with the stars with your host jenny McCarthy this what are on fox i don't know if you were listening carefully that bibi knows the montage of all the gencho themes in the background i didn't write them all down but i didn't know if it been you know what's there there was flats my line and it was like whatever whole bunch of other stuff in there in fact that'd be a good quiz for those tickets for air was met and we're gonna be playing that twice today right correct when you hear that this like that yeah not really we have to two pair today and two pair four tomorrow for the or Smith concert on this Thursday there's a Thursday the 19th of the bank at Atlantic yenta set over there in sunrise the bank you know thank you night thank and land senator in sunrise you it is oh i heard yeah friend of mine went to a u.n. basketball game unfortunately and man was it maybe we yeah he was the one tell me that there's nobody there nobody goes to those games or maybe you were telling me somebody told me at the bank united center while we need a new arena on campus and then they'll really support our team no we won't no they don't care i'm you know we here's a lot of for today we got uh i too we have no idea now Clara's wasn't there we popped in about nine thirty this morning and the told us nothing which is typical mad dog four to seven courtesy of it attend so that's kind of like picture that i guess unless he's doing double duty etiquette and a confine so that's the line we're got no games no uh b.s. but we just don't know who's gonna be on two to four who would you like here between two and four is the obvious question see i would like to pick up eventually after i get through in my eighty five thousand story here i'd like to find out a little bit more about that two to four like what like what are they thinking you know what do you think we don't want like uh send the audience across the street or down the road or up to grandma's house two to four we'd like to keep some people around out of the moment we don't don't don't don't don't don't decide to take the cash in the split somebody Q a m hello two a m yes hello i've got a request yeah uh sit not a mission delray uh instead of all those idiots at the boy parking lot on congress do you have any idea what their man just said no the boys parking lot on congress maybe that was the clock running in the beginning maybe his time is running out we get only hope look at that phone maybe 4670560 pound five 60 under Verizon see get a run on you probably milk that for all of us worth yesterday that's probably finished well what it was the right thing to do i understand that but you know leave a little milk in for this old cool place that fact that could just covet it over here you know or yeah those ideas right i don't maybe they just want to bear between two and four maybe we'll just do an extra two hours today what do you think oh no no chance come into Q a m hello yeah i think now you got written a m oh yeah we got written m oh i guess what are that technical what are I telling my second powers didn't take a genius to figure that out i couldn't care less one way the other how do you like that doesn't i was asked about it i said i'm not getting involved do whatever you like and then they did in addition to which there's the old saying about somebody who makes his own bed now he has to reap and sleep in it and that's exactly what that guy did when he came in he was welcome with open arms and legs okay the problem is he had no sense of humor and because of the fact that George made fun of his checkered pants in his pasty week right away oh how could you talk about an end from the very beginning was like all out war but everybody in the building you can ask everyone in the building the same question are you happy now and everybody would say probably yes w q a m hello yeah w i d let me w w what did you say what colleague did you say seventy l i o d oh I saw i it's a thing lie i'm sorry i've had a tech if you were m saying oh god me no I'm going that mistake ever again tell you l o d i think that's pretty good no i just i was Mr. Randy twester fighting and they were doing the snow departure get everyone's comments on it There was one one and by the way before I'm over though you you're not gonna pay More royalties on this stuff. Are you know we answer you or not? But I think you would like this one color called in and it's comment about No leaving was soy soy soy soy soy soy soy soy soy soy soy soy, thank you Neil I hear the joys are back in town They're gonna be doing the warm-up for aerosmith on Thursday. So many QAM hello Yes Morning when is this? Yeah It's funny to see you had nothing to do with it but on a daily basis you provide a forum to actually bash mode Don't you mean what meaning that it's what there's I mean they're hysterical bits Don't get me wrong but you In a fact more than lighting now norm that mode did lead because of the bits So can't fact we provided him with more publicity in the last four years and anybody else could have for a billion dollars Okay, if he would have run with it and had a sense of humor that wouldn't have been a problem and that wasn't a problem You could have made him a bigger monsters any already was have you pardon? No, I'm not in this possible Yeah, they the classic one was when he stole the pizza and he couldn't be big enough of a boy to admit to the fact that hey Yeah, but now you're making him out to be a bigger monster than he was see there you go call the top call him a kettle pink Shame on you you're fairie Somebody QAM hello Yes, sir. I had great to hear you happy New Year. I actually a happy should be with man Mo and out with more grace and dignity than he ever just played in those time he was on the air Well don't you think that might have had something to do with the contractual of paying him off for two months In other words if somebody's gonna be off they'd lay the ground rules of what's gonna go down? You know, Sam? Absolutely now he came in He was the year to go and the only thing that that shows but they he was doing Right In fact, there he is right now is probably called in for his royalties Good to hear that when he started a call waiting because they were one of their boyfriends. Here's their voice on our right away to call him I'm Tony oh, I don't mistake about even smell of W to QAM hello Yes, sir, I did move out or you'll sleep in in separate rooms now separate rooms W to QAM hello Yes, sir, hey don't tell me all right Hey man, I just want to let you know I'm getting out of here. I'm going to see the service All bad moves really if you think how fort is the crep and old like you'll love it there Yeah, I was out there for vacation and I have a very lucky about it It's a wait for South Florida and there's living and breathing people there really I never am dissonny, but man there must be hiding and there's probably any sources 560 560 pound 560 of a rise in singular wireless line Do any QAM hello? Hello, yes, do you want to know what that was a cocktail and talking about when he said to boys? Yeah, so that actually this ponders vegetable like super market and all right Well, are the old folks come out and shnoir? I see Like our slow years or whatever that phrase used to be in sunrise that finally closed down where the old farts The old Jews put them out of business exactly they couldn't they couldn't have enough ankle pyrametics I know I avoid it like the plague might have not they attack you with a shopping cart I want to put on juice you in my way You're so right I know it Anyway, you're the great thing for being there. You might date that or every day That says that tells me a lot about your day I know where you are and say bye. See five six seven oh five 60 I'll see we got the L-gorester I have a lot of stuff here. Right. Yeah, it is interesting. Get some of these calls of course You're at a one you're a ride These people loved it there wasn't one bit that we play including ones that'll continue coming up There's something a lot of you don't understand. I guess even understand either and that is the book of Brian being the chicken I think the link up for old genius that he is bald head of geek Invented two characters who are very amusing and very entertaining Moan guilty and of course they were pattern after we live people but the fact that the matter is that they were both much more I'm using an entertaining that either were both of those talk right you know exactly what I'm saying I think that should be the show for two to four to the four the Moan guilty show with the chicken egg I said a long time ago and he would man. I don't think so though some people are good with the bits and they just did we try that once with him a guitar man And I don't know if he was involved in all the part I think so I believe he was involved in that But anyway, I would take too much work Yeah, and too much time out of it's a bonus stuff for this show so we didn't want to like I think Curtis would be fine in there That's my opinion and I thought Kim Kim has that's written the Hank would like taking away some business The deli sandwiches or something because you know, he's campaigning can't you already tell that's already kind of like drummed up his campaigning He's campaigning for Kimba between two and four and I You know personally I like him a lot. He's a good guy, but he is so unbelievably dull. Oh You know what's in there? There are a few extra and not too many of like mad dog and Pat summer all who really great broadcasters But then there's some extra so we're like Dolls and there's like and there's some like Jimmy Ciffle this who are like way out of their realm After I want to pick on little Jimmy again, but you're fair, but this is really so See I we were deliberating before the show this morning about whether mole might mind of across the street Of course your roses over there and knowing the background between the two of them and the nation which and see if they were smart Which they're not if they would have been smart that it kept Mole and the mad dog on a football in the first place they made some kind of a deal for that Oh, we don't want to promote those guys there over a Q.A.M. ride so let's put Jimmy Ciffle us on there It's totally unqualified and sounds like a little girl Shwaking because she saw the boogey man or something but they put mole and the mad mole and Joe But I don't see that I don't think that mojo would work. Do you? Well, why wait me by that. I think they could like patch up their differences I don't understand what you mean. I would for Boca. Oh, come on. I don't think so How to give you an update of what took place just now off the air? Okay There's a little bit of hostility there between those two, but that would be the smart move Which they'll never do because they don't seem to be do they seem to be real happy with their oh Heroes over their process, we hope that they continue with tremendous success Problem is past 11 at five six so if somebody can actually tell us who's gonna be on two to four We can like vote on it during we showed today Maybe there is another national talent search going on that we don't know There's another one those two minute meetings so everybody's gonna have to drive in from like Jacksonville and you can't just in two egg That's right right We can other two minute meeting the eyeball one of the beesleys and you know maybe we can eyeball joys Not too close to lunchtime though from what to normal to me 12 past 11 speaking a lunchtime those of you who are trying desperately to stick with your new user's Resolution it's already the 17th of the year and I'll guarantee a lot of your already fallen off the wagon Have no fear because balance for life is here in fact the beast is getting ready for his wedding day By redoing balance for life in this time. We're gonna make sure he stays on that sack Make no way if I could you know stay on the sack. I say sack his ass What could be easier than getting all your food for the day in a little black sack So it'll write to you right your door three gourmet meals Toodless is next and you have a weekly menu So you pick out the food you want for each menu yourself whatever you like and the folks in balance for life Do the work according to various series the zone the zone diet and they put together all your meals based on that which really works So instead of trying to come up with this some stupid ass diet that doesn't work at all and you know You've tried them all they feel get with balance for life and lose that ugly and disgusting And for a dangerous fat they've been trying to shed for years call balance for life right now toll free tell that Neil and QAM told you to call and get two free days of food this week if you make the call now 1 866 225 4543 that's 1 866 225 4543 get in the zone with balance for life You can check them on the web by the way at balance for life.com Oh Speaking for God the almighty pad robbers Arnold Schwarzenegger crashed his motorcycle the other day because God is tired of all of those dead Jitter home as sexual in the state of California Don has been furious ever since Arnold broke his way to power So our Lord simply wages almighty hand and sick the pro-back governor and his son The liberal wife that bore him straight back to the gutter who blinks the pain I truly believe that God will forgive Arnold's Stero-tated soul the moment the governor It permits the plan the Lord and I devise Just smoke every last homosexual through a combination of violence Assassination and significant Dr. Dolan This has been speaking for God with the almighty pad robbers The first of a series by the way It's 1118 at 560 WM former vice president Al Gore yesterday called for an independent investigation of president Bush's domestic spying program Contending the president has repeatedly and persistently broken law by eavesdropping an americans without court approval by the way Arland Bush inspectors said on what they talking had the shows on Sunday He's the one that brought up the word himself and impeachment is a possible remedy for this. He said not you know, not not We're just talking theoretically. I say Arland's specter Republican from Pennsylvania mentioned the I word I man Speaking on Martin Luther King Jr's national holiday the man who lost the 2000 presidential election or least allegedly the Bush was interrupted repeatedly by applause As you call the anti-service and program a threat to our very structure of government Gorg charged at the administration acted without congressional authority and made a direct assault on the special federal court that authorizes Request to eavesdrop on americans one judge on the court resign last month voicing concerns about the NSA surveillance emails of phone calls A spokeswoman for the Republican national committee Tracy Schmidt aptly named by the way attack wars comment shortly after the address Al Gore's inscessant need to win certain stuff in the headline of the days almost as glaring as his life of understanding of the threat spacing America Schmidt said while the president works to protect Americans from terrorists Democrats deliver no solutions of their own only die and try to explain with inaccuracies and anger The worst speech was sponsored by the American Constitution Society for law and policy in the Liberty Coalition to organizations That have expressed concern about the policy the former vice president said attorney general Alberto V. O. five Gonzalez should name a special counsel to investigate the program Said in the attorney general's obvious conflict of interest as a member of the Bush cabinet as well as the nation's top law enforcement or officer Consoluses agreed to testify publicly the Senate hearing on the program and told it is conference recently The president active consistent with legal authority to protect Americans from a terrorist threat Gore speaking at the AR constitution hall said the concerns are especially important on the king holiday Because the sense of a wisely it was among thousands of Americans whose private communications were intercepted by the US government and spy down by gay Edgar Hoover King is a for who loved to dress up King is a foremost civil rights activist in the 50s and 60s had a telephone conversations of our type by the FBI I I I always kept a file on him and thoughts about the civil rights and anti we are no more activists just like those cookie-baking activists out there in San Diego They will do this Those Subversives Gorset there still is much to learn about the domestic surveillance program, but it already has drawn a conclusion about to the Galilee what we do know about this pervasive wire tapping virtually compels the conclusion the spirit of Christ Compels us that the president of the US has been breaking law repeatedly and persistently He said the spy program must be considered along with other administration actions as a constitutional power grab by the dictator by the president Gorset in prison American citizens of the largest and terrorism cases Mystery and a prison including torture and senior individuals and foreign countries in delivering them to autocratic regimes Infamous for their cruelty and their techniques to be tortured. I will guard all of these things Gordon only criticized government officials Referring to news reports that private telecommunications companies have provided the Bush administration with access to private information on Americans Gorset any company that is so should immediately and its complicity in that program I in that program is what it should I do like that or you go out now? He's fortunate Just like that Lock box. Yeah, like that the speech on Carrier, he was all whipped up into a frenzy. We have that How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America who's a mud of Saddam Hussein torture Abu Garp Red panoramic that that's the animated the album Love no, we don't like it now. He's okay You know, hopefully we can do better than that, but I mean we anybody than Bush anybody with these fascists All condolese man the rumors are that Ticchini's gonna well resign because of health reasons alleged or maybe just cropped and a condolese It will be appointed to be the VP and then she can just slide right in there in 2008 to be the camera And we'll have a great. She's breaking of a You fairness or commerce for me good morning Probe to Pluto. I wonder where Jess gonna be proban I'd like to Probably like the proban right as my years ago, but it's her piece of back on straight That shot It's my spread on all on There's this star gaze of Miss Horkheimer from the faith transit planetarium. Oh, hi, hi, Janko, did you say star gay? Sir, yes Third suspect or rest there. Alright, let me just say it again. See you got me tongue-type with all that to our Miss Horkheimer stuff arrested the tax on homeless and for Loderdale Police on Monday, west of the third suspect in 18 year old man in charge human connection with taking part on In one meeting of a homeless man for Loderdale last week. What what what are we talking about when he's kind of people huh? Well, what what kind of swell are doing things like this? City spokesman David Avery Monday that wouldn't identify the suspect, but the associated press on and if I'm his William Amin's 18 Who was arrested Monday and charged the aggravated battery causing bodily harm or disability? He was being held at Broward County jail on a five-grand bond and this is accused of taking part in one of the attacks on a homeless But not the fatal one the five-foot eight inch 140-pound teenager was being held in Broward County, jail and Lou a $5,000 bond Earlier Monday 17 year old Thomas Dority made his first appearance at the Broward County Courthouse The teenager would dark-bushy hair and bad zits and a soft child like face cry by looking over the insurer toward his mother Who said alone the back of the courtroom he would not be going home with her or anybody else Dority and friend Brian Hooks 18 face allegations of a murder and aggravated battery after pre-dont beatings free Thursday and for Loderdale a beatings free That left long homeless man dead and two of his hospitalized County Judge refused to release Dority to home detention on Monday or to let the remaining juvenile detention for 21 days Hooks hearing was rescheduled for two days after his attorney Jeremy Kool failed to appear in court Well, that's always good when you're attorney don't show up judge Steven to look also sign an order for a psychological evaluation of Dority whom friends called Tommy Hey Tommy Dority's being treated as a juvenile and prosecutors semi-intacetable the he'll be charged as an adult very pathetic Very sad well my son is misunderstood yeah right and a tough childhood right So did Miss Horkheimer probably have a difficult childhood and look at her like one in a million Exactly, I couldn't have said it better myself What timing up man That was almost but not quite as good as it. We cut a good old honey I'm hearing rum spell saying and traction that quite that was that was beautiful But I want to love me talk up anyway 567.056 to be I'm not joking about it. We have nobody listed on the schedule from two to four Max how about some low bits from two to four when you say I'm every home all right? I'll give this one to once we can't play no mole get a big audience for that. Are you're in damn Tia? Get about a 90 share here's all the mo bits and clearly the unexpected ones sorry Joyce We got to get an audience in there So is there been like anybody pop your head in the dough and say here's gonna go on from mole nothing What may be it'll be a surprise from two to four that's a good. Well hook good. We're like you could tune in It'll be a surprise In fact even management might be surprising who shows up to do it. Maybe mole come back Don't don't go away. They're just gonna open up the mic. Let anybody Yes, it's a WWE QAM hello good morning. Meals. Yes, man. I was wondering about something the other day and gosh I hope I'm right Do you keep here that I hope so do you keep all your shows archives or or did it only go back so far? Well on the website you mean? Yes, I don't know how far does it go back to you. I don't know well, we'll find out from Eris Well, I question is this because I was thinking you have the day that Is to say then soft all our fun You used to play the conjellies of song Don't hold your breath ain't gonna happen But I can find it You can hear that no mole Is I found on your archive show? No Okay, well, thank you In my way speaking of I'll tell you who is partly responsible for the fact we can't play that note and that was Oh, that one Oh, thank you I'll be episode that he see there's a lot of stuff that went on behind the scenes and all these experts in radio land Who think they have some idea of what that was all about they haven't even got a clue They're not even close and I've been lukewarm so Trust me well, I tell you that is not gonna be wearing it's ugly head again. I'm fortunate Just thought that she won't wear her ugly head again Happy tissue up Okay, I'm gonna be a permanent option. How big are you? Yes, there's 60 days on the website 60 days. So I need let's just say You got 60 minutes and we got 60 days and quite frankly whoever was responsible for all that the Schweiner ride is about 60 years 27 past 11 o'clock don't forget the show to a clock For totally couple Yeah. Push with stand by him forever. But we are into my right story. That's a loser. We are a joke. My right story. You're fair. I'm 32, 28 till noon, 5, 60, WQA, and where we got the show from 2 to 4 to Santa New. I don't know. This may be a first. Yeah. I mean, probably there have been times in the past on this or other stations where somebody, you know, called and sick we were labored in the show. We're going into a car crash. Right. You know, all of these, all of these. All of these. But nevertheless. Here we are. I mean, this went down on Friday with Moes Land Show. And here it's Tuesday. Now, Kimbo was on yesterday. Right. No, that was scheduled. Right. I see that on the schedule. But that's right, in fact, it's because it was a holiday. So just like I would, I know. Kimbo was going to be on the Fulham for the Amolmester. But now we got no, no. As of Friday. So when's the result? We got no, no, no show. Is what it looks like to me. I would assume that a lot of people are on the other day. I mean, you can do something. No. No. No. Well, that's only hope. Let's promote the holiday. The 95 sure is the history show. The woman's mayor says, God is mad if a U.S. say, oh, this Ray Noggan headman. This guy is just, I think, I think he finally cracked them the pressure. Just like the livis cracked, I think he cracked. A lot of stress on it. May or may Noggan suggested yesterday that hurricanes Katrina and rebelled their storms were signed that God is mad at America and it blackened into these two for tearing themselves apart with violence and political infighting. God is pioed at America. Surely God is mad at America. He said he said us hurricane after hurricane after hurricane. It's just right to put stress on this country. Noggan who is black said, or actually he's like chocolate. As he and other leaders Mark Martin Luther King day. Surely he doesn't approve us being in a rack under false pretenses. But surely he is upset if black America also. We're not taking care of ourselves. Noggan also promised that New Orleans will be a chocolate city again. Many of the city's black neighborhoods were heavily damaged by Katrina. In other words like him like chocolate. You didn't see what like mocha or what you know. It's time for us to come together. It's time for us to rebuild New Orleans. The one that should be a chocolate New Orleans, Amir said the city will be a majority African American city. It's the way God wants it to be. You can't have New Orleans no other way. It wouldn't be New Orleans. It's the way God wants it. So you people in Liberty City and over town. And that's the way God wants it. People live in the get-os around America. That's the way God wants it. What a jackass. Speaking of that pulvicocco. This is a perfect example. Everything is God. God wants it is to be a black city. God wants it. This is going to be a white city. Minnesota. God wants it. You can be like a lot of Jews. That's a God man. He works in mysterious ways. Not going to have described an imaginary conversation with King the late civil rights leader. An imaginary one. He hallucinates a lot. In fact while the hurricane while Katrina was like ravaging his city. While people are like all being given all wrong information and being left to like die. He was hallucinating about actually know what was going on. I said, what is going to take for us to move and live around your dream and make it a reality. He said, I don't think we need to pay attention anymore as much about other folks and racist on the other side. He said, the thing we need to focus on is a community black folks. I'm talking about ourselves. This is what MLK Jr said. And this imaginary conversation that Ray Noggan had like conjured up in his mind. I was going to say this brain, or at least what used to be there. Nagan said he also asked, why is black on black crime such an issue. Why do our young man hate each other so much that they look at their brother in the face. They'll take a gun and kill him and call blood. The reply Noggan had says, we as a people need to fix ourselves first. This is all an imaginary conversation that, well, Nagan also said King would have been dismayed with black leaders who are most of the time. So we each other down publicly for a little bit of money. I don't think he's talking about the bill cost me their due. A day earlier, gunfire erupted at a parade to commemorate King's birthday. Three people were wounded in the daylight shooting on Throg mostly black spectators. The police said that we know immediate suspects are witnesses. Guns you man, right for the July and Highly of Baby. It's just the American Infant Whist. Like those little suitcase problem there at the Hodge, you know, in America. Team pity was singing in Mecca and all of a sudden, oh, grab my suitcase. I weigh in. There they are. I'm showing people down. That's another 400 injured. Because they're crowding a little bit. Don't like people crowing your man. Get away from my machine, man. Get away from my machine. Get away from my machine. Okay, how are we doing on that pull now? I'm sorry. Sir, man, what are we going to be giving them tickets away sometime? We already gave them a pair today. We did. I didn't hear the thing. The last break. We did? Yeah. Could have fooled me. I was too busy queueing up in week A. Not that. What's the worst thing about religion? Six hundred four votes. It's the tough choice. And like I said, they're intertwined in the woven because it's all a bunch of man-made, crap. Religion without a hell without fear of death wouldn't be worth a damn. Trust me when I tell you. Oh, thanks, Madelineau here. She's gone to pieces though. What's the worst thing about religion? She was a real cut-up that Madeline. Green's hate and respect. Green's hate and tolerance to 10. Sponsed violent fanatics, one twenty-four. It's all bullshit, one-o-six. Keeps people stupid, seventy-seven. Don't use your brain. We'll just fill up with a whole bunch of govody cook. Got a god-oldy cook. Nothing we needed badly thirty-six. There's another word for you today. That's two words I invented today. What was the other one? Sex. I don't know. I'll try to think of it. Circulator is something like that. No comment. Nothing we needed badly thirty-six. Yeah, sexists are like that. Thirty-six. Well, reminds you of that line that the wooden sit in network. Remember that about imputing your guy's... Manchip. Right. Right. Right. Nothing we need religion badly thirty-six. Five point nine percent of your people need mental health. You need to be the program. We need religion to be like a lock-and-call. Like the Asians, all we say. First of the Filipinos. Impete-sensitive progress twenty-seven. There are little things like... You know, a stem cell research thing like this. A great waste of time in money fifteen. And encourages overpopulation only ten. So I meant the DS. I don't understand that. Me, H, how can we only have ten? I don't know. I guess these people think it's right to make like seventy-eight nine babies. And of course the ones that are doing that most of the ones that they can't take care of. They can't afford like one or two. And in Georgia's case, well that's another story. Because I think that wives that make unwanted babies, play that trick on her husband should have... Some of the consequences they were capable of. Just my opinion. What I would I know about things like that. I would be like, what would a priest know about, you know, marriage and sexual agents and head of a sexual or all of that stuff? What would they possibly know? I'm thinking now that we have gay marriage released based over the unions in a lot of places. Now the priest can start counseling on something that you think about. There you go. Yeah. Because they prefer the company of men. Well I got a paper jam on my facts and you can probably say something real important. No. No. Double to Q, I am. Hello. Yeah. Can I talk to you? Speaking. Good to see you. Yes it is. Is this you? Yeah. Okay. Go ahead. You're on the air? No. You are on the air. And I'm on the air. Because that's what they're paying for. Yes. What can I do for your service? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. That's what I figured. See that's, I'm on the air. They dial first and then a phone starts ringing and then like, okay. Now what am I going to do now and is it going to be George? Is it going to be Josh? Is it going to be Clarence? Is it going to be a Joel Bell? Who's going to pick the thought maybe Maddie Bell? And you know something I think I'm the first one to realize this. Uh-oh. This day is going to take an over by the phone company. We got Joel Bell and Maddie Bell. They're conforming side to Bell. That's really swell. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62 phases. Do the nothings for a little closer somehow. Don't you tell the man to leave me, baby. Tell me. Yes. Some diverse words you can. They've read. They've read. Guess you know my your man was born. They've read. They've read. They can say they've been taking too long. He is very proud. She's got fruit shooting targets. They'll make a good moment down. Just let me my own away. I'm losing my face. Let me just open my eyes. They've read. They've read. You'll be a dad that falls too long. They've read. They've read. Some 44. Much to do about nothing but them again. That's important stuff. People are all whipped up in the freezer. They hold this so. It's important, Brad Nanzali and haven't been that kind of stuff happens when he do the old well. Yeah, you do know. So quit doing that. At least at home. I know. That's what I hear. Speaking of that, and I said before the show, what's the big What's the big cimus with Heath Ledger? I mean he's a good actor. I'll give him that Sure, what's what's the big deal with him? Oh, he's a sexist. I'm a hero man. He's a craggy man. He's a young craggy guy. He's supposed to like old craggy like a Sean Carrey and a Tom Sully Hey Tommy, you fairer huh? So quiet. Heath Ledger is peoed at the band on the movie. Remember we had this door last week about that theater and you talk I think it was with a band in broke back very back mountain Hot Oscar tip Heath Ledger has compared US bands on a gay cowboy film to racism He said he's not surprised that you toss it in my head band bear back mountain, which the piss a lot longer for a love affair between two Montana Cowboys I heard a lot ago that West Virginia was gonna ban it, but that's a state that was lynching people only 25 years ago So that's to be expected ledger's he should have picked Virginia because they went people like 25 days ago or less than that Right, remember that in Lichberg right personally I don't think the movie's controversial, but I think that maybe the Mormons in Utah do I think it's hilarious and very immature of society These people if two people are loving I think we should be more concerned if two people express anger and love then love Ledger was in Melbourne last night. What is this a few days with his partner Michelle Williams not a guy. Oh, she's hot. He's his partner And she only think goodness picture. I bet photo. She's hot and he is which ain't so much What is partner in bear back mountain coaster obit is What is emmy and their daughter matured for local from here? I don't know what that means she's been a big hit Moodsild and how to big opening weekend there'll probably be a sequel. I just said on the right carpet Ledger's been nominated for Golden Globe and Screen Actors go all we know about that look at the Golden Globe as momentarily They won four Golden Globe is bear back mountain last night How are you? You're fairie He earlier said he was incredibly proud of the film that awards were the last thing on his mind making the film if you're thinking about Head about people's opinions or how the film's gonna be judged later effects of this in Jamaica on camera He said while filming the love story with post-Arjake Hill and Hall Ledger was falling for on-screen wife Michelle Williams It was obviously a very personal beautiful kind of evolving life and love It was a Korean off set and we go to work. He said he and Jake are like a phone a little bit to two on a side Ledger wrapped home in Sydney eight days ago, but said the paparazzi there would make it impossible from to live there for good One photographer ledger ledger's uncle's spad on him a claim that ledger denies He said he wouldn't spit on the best part of if you could find it of the paparazzi He said it sucks because it's only when I come back to Sydney It's not like that here in Brooklyn where we live now Well, thank you for that no paparazzi in Brooklyn just really good Delhi. That's what I'm hearing speaking of movies Yes, I thought we forgot to get Josh's opinion on the Patriots losing on Saturday Which you all we're right know what that is. He's ecstatic. I can Denver fan now jumping in the movie magnolia My review is I think it's a good movie I will disagree with you in the fact that you think it's the greatest movie of all time I didn't say that but you said you voted right up there with the growing I think it's one of my top 10 I think it was good it was worth seeing now. I'm confused. Would you give it like top 20? Not no top 50 Maybe top six thousand. Yes, okay, okay You got to explain the ending to me because I'm confused on a couple things Number one there's got to be some significance with the logs no Like the kids laughing is there don't you remember the opening scene you better go back and watch the beginning in where the guy that the jump Jump try to commit suicide Her husband and she missed right which allegedly is a true stir at my buying it But anyway, that that's why those myths you know one of those has been going on for long time that whole story about getting shot crap happens that that's the nature that's the whole scene of the movie is that Schmidt happens Okay, I got that right, but and so that's why the fry spot is got because Schmidt happens It did you know that that's all but when the frogs are flying you know raining down Oh, you just follow the movie for everybody. Don't much make know you if you don't know that the frogs are gonna fall down I towards a lot of part of the movie. I didn't give away any of it But the kid is in the you know, he's in the there with the books and he's laughing. I figured there'd be some kind of Significance there, but I just wasn't getting it The kid is in there with the books and he's laughing. He's laughing while the everyone's you know freaking out the frogs are raining and the kids laughing I don't even remember that no, I don't either what movie did you watch? Oh God come on 12 angry men Mongolians now we'll say yeah. I thought it was good It was watching I wonder about the acting and I didn't think the acting was great even time Yeah And what about what's his name where your my age may see You know, he's a wish kid. Yeah, I think if he gets the braces at the bartender will fall former not No, I don't know that was that was a horrible fed abrasion shelf Billy. I don't think it's gonna happen And then a bitchy queen from a laughing which we can none of us can ever think of her his name It's not already Johnson but the other girl the bitchy bitchy queen in the market. Why do we have a brain cramp on that? We're not gonna buy it. I would really really like to find out what that is there are certain things right and It's like like a movie that I sent to you that you haven't got you, but you'll give this week And I kept trying I had to actually come in here and I wrote it down So I wouldn't and then then I printed out the review of it Or at least the cash here. It's a primal fear for some reason I can't think of the name of that movie We with there are certain actors or famous people or movie they have us and all of these are things Well, you can hear yourself remember we both had that problem with that movie That neither one of us can remember the time of the movie was that Kevin Dylan Kevin Deloie mean Control exactly see I see on the guy had to bring the old Well, I remember the name of the suit with the you know Alzheimer's remote control. I remember the name of it I don't want it didn't want to say it because now we can remember it no problem But for a while there neither one of us can remember that's right We're holding the last exactly a famous movie. We're having it was pretty good. It was all right And I do like Kevin Dylan. Lot better than his brother. Although man I have to admit man has been in a couple of good movies like the drug movie was at drugstore cowboy drugstore cowboy was good and I'll think of another one there are a couple has been okay one of them was in the blob whichever one it was They was trying he's trying so hard to be across between Marlon Brando and James Dean and of which he is either one of them not that James Dean was a great actor He's in three just thinking movies you know a big deal. He smelled bad but other than that Come any QAM hello And these are line hello Yeah, yes, sir How long since won is the guy is a flame or from laughing? No, no wrong not even close Dr. Seel would be better by the way breaking news. Yes, these came bow camp for today. Oh my god Oh my god into moral yes, we don't know oh Oh It's called plays you go a man We're gonna make up that line up as we go along so I talk about baseball team. It's like missing the the number five hitter in the lineup, you know Well, we didn't know but maybe if Lou Come back from his disease tomorrow. I wouldn't put him in line up or maybe if Whatever you better be fop and you ready to play with the big boy So can't but both camp were it too I'm sure the hoppers had his fine friend Ranair because he went to lunch with a boss on the over the weekend And probably put in a real good where see I should have pushed harder I just didn't want offer too many opinions because I don't want always be all meals the one that programs They he gets this one hired me gets that one fired baloney but yoni man You know who said baloney put a movie So speaking of Olivia Newton John, she wasn't in the movie, but he he was married or Matt Lapansey and What was the name of that movie? I bet you need to one of us knows the name of that movie. That was a cute movie. Oh, what was it? Matt Lapansey he was she was his French tutor don't you remember? And he was a baby a friend tutor the chip of the boobs. Yeah My tutor my tutor. All right See I came up with remote control. You come up with my tutor What I saw my giving yeah, I touched my tutor. I need you really yes, and anyway I bet it made some noise to the deal is that he was married you will live a Newton John and of course There's still looking for Olivia's boyfriend Who they're all raving about oh he's a good looking guy. You know who's talking about that? A channel surf accident last night for about two minutes Nancy Grace Oh, no, oh, oh, oh, but I really want to know Fran is you know, and she she's looking with a she is the most disgusting phone He you know something she almost makes me like Dr. Phil and I just always would cropped that That's her so that's how I'm not she's she is Don't say that she is the most phony therapy draw in the hateful bitch by the way The name for the four hundred friends. Oh man, and we give some rest right He was the bag at the bar at who's going to put a bartender. Thank you, Pope of Brian. Yeah Thank you, I check in that and we give some see we have a brain fart on that and every time we say that I say thermon Gibson was an old bore and about a hundred years ago How do I remember his name and it is always Mel Gibson G has Christ. I say thermon muslin Yeah, thermon muslin and both still dead and Mel Gibson unfortunately is not anyway Bear bag mountain is the mowsing along the academy words trailists for a golden globe wind's vestram among them positioning the cowboy love story For the Oscar glory it says how do you like that? Oh, call it I bet you they weren't looking for glory. I'll guarantee of that. You'll look for glory. Oh, that's what they said when they made the movie He fled your husband as I'm concerned to find actor, but you know he's he's bland looking He's like about on the same level. I put with you. You know very Nondescript I'll take that as a compliment. No, this is he's just a guy. There's nothing good looking about him Sure the step up from what I usually get what's that pastey Yeah, well, I would agree with that. Homosexual and transaxial themes dominated among days golden globes With the key winds by bear bag mountain plus acting honest for the film biography company and the gender-bending trans America It sounds like a gay festival to move. Yeah Sounds like they can Film festival Right, though. Yeah, not can with an S on the end just can But politics and music ran close behind the globe second order the Oscars in the hierarchy of Hollywood film honors top prices in the corporate government corruption sort of went to Srianna And the constant gardener and the terrorism drama paradise now on a White House series commander and chief While the Johnny Cash film I walk a lime on three honors Isn't that what the Noel Bush always said? She said it's a fine line You're gonna stick your nostril on you gotta have good aim she said the poor goes for broke bear bag mountain story of old ranch buddies Ranch hand buddies are considering going homeosexual affair from their families. It's with the directing word for ang angely I know I always say that way and you say I have a lot of angst when I say that here's only cash And I walked a line even on still there Yeah Oh, I got to hung it up for I see Come on Johnny The fact that they're back now and this one e-roodiences across the country including the conservative heart land shows that Americans are willing to embrace the ways of love in all forms I got news for most Americans are willing to embrace anybody who would even touch the best part of them if they could find Music Act, I figured fee. Out intoI could take more around home, all datrd draII keIte za I can't find a place Just for all time like we don't go with the hair of the few This is a delicious, perfect, mature man I'm not enough for you every day Not you, too, as though those are my eye You're especially cool, you're a bit busy And I'm so proud I'm staying home far away from here All in my cute snacky poor who can call And I drove my town I've walked home my aura pissed And we're out my nest That is the fire we have Or the solid diced Our sled of the boat caught Who'd have always silenced the offers To the fair I wonder When it's the bird of the swanry But he's got time to now For a day we need to go From an old town From an old town On another town My typicalف 먹고 My初 up to a sea I've got a nice day And I'm on the... I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Come on forward five sixty. Double to QA and bye bye. Mo. Go on to door Hitchin. You're a checker pants in a way out the door. Wow. Could probably I want to say that happening. You can see the imprint of Dingo Buries right on his left home cheeks. Yeah, we're not saying you're right. Nobody's going to be missing him. Not me, not George. Not Josh. Not Mad Dog. Not the Joe Rose. He won't even with us. No more. Not the Humper. Not even probably not Robert Greeper. So what's Robert Greeper going to do? He's just going to suck up. He's going to work on his sucks upmanship. Which I'm sure in his case has had a lot of practice. And Kimbo Bulkham probably on two to four this afternoon. Kimbo just puts up a little bit sweetheart. You're okay. Just boring. Open California. Piles of Goose poop and a city lake have a face. He'll start even to find a way to clean up the mess for a picnic in party goers. Park goes and party goes. Full time resident can at a geese. Arrived at the city lake mirror in 1954 when several injured birds were introduced to the The Refuge. Their numbers have exploded in the past 20 to come up applying like people like Catholics. They've exploded in the past 20 years to release 200 regulars with some 2000 Geese descending on the parking summer quarterly national auto bond society. You know, as a child, I was like into birds. Were you? Figures. Not dolls. Yeah. Maybe that should be like some insight. I had the, I don't know, there was like a big auto bond society book with all of the kinds of birds. Pigeons. Pigeons. Did you want to be a like a pigeon? No, I hated pigeons. I still hate pigeons. There's a pig. I'm looking at pigeons right now on my balcony man. I'm looking out my through my drapes here, my blower and these are. How about for a chicken? Chickens like that. Much boy. You know, try into chickens. Most of them again, Ethan some rather. Huh? That's what I've done somebody. Each bird produces about a pound of poop a day. That's literally a ton each day said Stephanie Benavidez had naturalist to be lake mirrored wildlife refuge. It's a staggering problem that is open to another city trying to figure out how to chase away the geese without running a foul of the federal Migratory burden endangered species act that protect me and the birds that live long side of the geese lake mirrored, which covers 150 acres. The goose dropping's on a lot of pretty much made the lawns unusable to families who want to have pignicks or I use the park with their children. So, Casal will not be pat-cutting and represents theory. It's very hard for people to use the park for recreation. Some cities in tripe planning grass varieties that can't have the geese woe leaf or spring lawns with chemicals that geese find this tasteful like trif. Others in tripe directing pets is to keep the geese out of various reserves for people. Chasing the birds away is another popular trick. City has cities, hair firms with names like goose busters or wild goose. You heard a ghost busted, they hired goose busters or wild goose chase. Which used dogs trained to harass and not harm geese to chase the birds away. Oh yeah, right. They're going to harass them but not harm them. They're just calling names. Yeah. But critics were using dogs in Oklahoma and other birds species such as egress, maverids and herons. How do you like that? I'm going to say something revolutionary right now because I wasn't bird labyrinth of a child, but then again, you know, as you get older, you learn things. And I'm thinking of myself that so many of these diseases, not just the avion flow, but I'm finding that the earlier of pandemics have been caused by, because the fastest transmissions by birds because they're so migratory. And they move all the way out of the world. Yes, they do. So I'm thinking it's time to kill all the birds. All right. Better good idea. Be, first we get them before they get us. Don't you think that's a spasm? Yeah. We'll get to have a tipping end on for retirement. I like to realize. She's still alive too, I think. Isn't she? I don't know. I'm going to look at the sea. Oh, oh, a trap lock to announce whether he'll seek reelection. Oh, boy. Spend the future of my wife. Passenger. Passenger. Spending more time with the grandchildren. You know, their house was locked down. I continue to ask the people to allow me to serve this great state in our nation's capital. And I've made a choice. And I could have won a consultation and one of the board. But my wonderful wife, but I have chosen Mrs. Sippy and America once again. I am going to ask the people to real like me. Oh, she's like I said. I thought it was going to be like a story. You know, he's running again. Oh, they're all getting up. Hey, you know, Trent. Wave the pump on. Now you cheerleading Jack. You're fairery. God. I'm going to be a little bit more in the matter with me. I hope he gets his ass kicked, you know it. I hope that every Republican, every one of these goose stepping on. He's gets their ass kicked because you know, even most of the matter with one. That all of them, but even for once a week, thought we're like a little bit more in the matter with side. They're all like a goose stepping over the far right. He said, maybe for that line he's Susan Collins and John, what's his name a king? Who every now and instead is the right thing. But then changes his mind. He waffles all over the place. He repush pretty good on Sunday. I want him talking. I want him to goose John McCain. If they could just stick that cheek back in place. I was speaking to a Goose poop. The Moin Iowa. A man has received a $500,000 federal grant to mass produces invention. A machine that removes the odor from hog manure. Have you ever driven by a pig truck? I have. Would the windows down? Yes. Grab it around. Would the windows down? Oh, my God. They look like pigs but they're foul. Even those Europeans man, it would buy a no smell like that. Oh, and speaking of a Russian woman, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I just can't even begin to, I just throw it to my. Forming at the mouth from yesterday. Don't think I've had to plug your life. Wow. The tempest dryer developed by Lauren Valvans is decided to help solve water pollution odor and not just gas problems in the hog industry. Oh, man. Maybe we can do something for Josh Friedman. But I doubt it. Now, see if we're going to have the other joint? For yes. Good. This news I've heard all day. Valvans said that because his invention separates water from the solids in manure, it can solve air and water quality problems. A lot of manure stories going around, you know? Because like I told you about Magnolia, Schmidt happens. That's the go back and watch the beginning again. I want to take it like two, three minutes. I don't need to. I remember it. And that's the message of the movie. That's why all the other stuff happens. Schmidt happens, man. Just just like the thing with the game show guy. Remember the, oh, and here's another question for you. The thing falls from the ceiling and the gun goes off and the coke. The coke head chip, right? The guy's daughter. Right. Okay. Who's talking to her at the end of the movie? Who's that guy? You just see his back. Remember the mom goes to the movie. And she said, well, you don't know that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm going to watch it again. I don't know who is talking to her at the end of the movie. Well, I answer your question. That will watch it again this week because it's one of my very favorite movies. Now, what about the music? Well, you're giving me the, oh, I thought I was a musical. Remember that? You give me that sign. Well, because I didn't know what movie it was. I got to get my eyes saved with other movies. Why don't you talk about Bullard Rouge? I was. Yeah. It was not a music on it. Oh, Bullard Rouge. Forget about that. This song goes very well with the movie. Absolutely. Perfect. Tell the music in me as well as the song. It's the song. It's the song. There's the song. There's the song. There's the song. There's the song. Oh. In the man who we all are in the show, love like crazy, but anyway, but I'll tell you the best song from movie, which is really more than depressing. But then what we just saying that most good movies are more than depressing, like, uh, wrecking for a movie. Oh, we were like, oh, these other ones that I'm seeing. I wouldn't say most good movies. No, most movies are more than depressing, at least in one we were not in a wester. What is the, uh, uh, oh wake up? Is the name of that story about 18 minutes long to this cut? I'm not going to play like more than two seconds because once we do the other. Oh, geez. There we go. It's with that awful music again. Oh, man. Do you think that this was like set the tone? Yes. What's here? Did I say wake up? Why is that? When you feel good, begin again. You got what you want. You can't hold it stand to go without me now. It's more than good to stop. It's not. See, there's an honest message in this movie as opposed to most of this. Oh, everything's going to be fine. No, no, it's not. It's going to get worse. It's just going to get worse and worse and worse until we're getting frog. It's going to get so bad that frogs are going to fall in the sky. Right after you're in a nice car and going to take a paint job and mess up the windshield all of these things. Anybody doesn't like magnology. He's got tasting their tush. And so George thinks it ought to be. Let's have a sequel as far with me. Keep changing. I want to do this. George Jason Robars can still lay in bed. I mean he's been dead a long time. He's still there with the two. He was great. And I run it part of that. I don't know if Josh knows this. But he was dying during the filming of the movie. I did not know. It wasn't active. And then afterwards. Well, I'm just to say, yeah. He died. There we go. Trump 13 at 5.60. W.A.M. Happy New Year from the fine folks at Armstrong Fort of Homestead. 2005, where they stood up in the sea of thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal. And bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford. Why do people shop there? It's easy man because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great unbeatable price. Great service after the sale in that personal touch that comes from a locally family owned dealership. Pick up that full right now. Coach General manager David Richardson 305. 247 51 12. And don't forget when you buy the new Ford Armstrong Ford homestead. You'll also get with nobody else who are doing it giving you this. They're exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You heard right when you buy from Armstrong Ford. You get three tires and batteries for life of your car. That could save you an extra $1,000 right there. David Richardson the staff at Armstrong Ford guarantee. You won't find a better price any place. So why be stupid when you can do with some smart car shop again. Armstrong Ford. And being locally owned enough for you. They preach you just like family to make you a customer forever and ever. No bait and switch, no phony sales. So start the year off right with new Ford from our good friend David Richardson the staff. At Armstrong Ford homestead 3075. South fix you. How is where you'll find them just 20 easy minutes south of the 86. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars dot com and then drive a few miles extra for a fantastic Unbeatable deal and save yourself $1,000. At Armstrong Ford of homestead. This is New Roger. This is by 16 Tuesday. Where are you exploding ball? New from the gap. Gap for kids and baby gas. It's the new and exciting. Grandma gas. The flowers I find at Grant my gap Smith right over by October. I found a parent's house. There's a fit right over my depend. Even after wearing them for the whole weekend with my arthritis. I couldn't get out of this dress for over a month. But I didn't want to. It's so pretty. I was trapped in the dressing room for a week. Good job. We get out of this straight jacket. I've got a problem. Grandma gas. I'm falling. At a moment you're you. And I can't get up. Oh boy. From my team to two. I am 711. 711. You see that? How does the significance of that? It's even 1166. I do believe. How about that? 711. Oh thank heaven. What's the worst thing about religion? Oh thank heaven for that big gulp. Religion reads hate and intolerance 243. No question about that anybody who knives that is so full of craftman. Just oblivious and so brainwashed that it's beyond our scope. Although I prefer history now. The new orange stuff. Isn't that interesting that history used to be like the the older original stuff? I don't know. Nobody would drink that stuff. I mean I've drink it. But it's still delicious. What? Wow. That's for people like with the strong 42. There's some strong halitosis. Right. Or just no taste. Religion spawns violent phonetics. One 50. Now you're talking. And even nonviolent phonetics. It's all bullshit. One 30 too. I think you put your thumb on it when you vote for that one. It's all bullshit. It keeps people stupid. 86. Uh nothing. We needed badly 44. F sound a 5.1 percent. 6 percent of the audience say there's nothing wrong with a religion. It doesn't do any harm. We needed badly. So we can hate each other. So we can continue finding excuses for our intolerance and hate. But anybody who doesn't believe the same fairy tales that we do. Or just to many fairy or anybody else. Women, dark folks, you name it. Uh in peace scientific progress 29. A great waste of time and money 17. That's tax re money too. By the way, can you just imagine? Oh my goodness. There wouldn't be any people starving in the world. If all money go tax re money goes to the religious figures, which is all of them. If we could be using that money like for some useful purpose like to educate people and clothe them and have all kinds of great scientific stories to cure every disease. And to cure all the birds to keep us safe. All of these things. You're out of control now. God and. Encourages over our population settlement. They only 11. I don't get that. What did you? Well, what is that all about? There are a lot better choices. No, they're better choices. But how can you not, I mean, that's pops right in your mind. Just like that. How can you not like a half right on top of that? Instead of like, you know, oh God forbid a plan parenthood. Like, panning out, you know, like some people don't. And why am I seeing names, George? Some people don't plan out. We're taking a forward in terms of making babies. Anybody can make babies. I know. This will move Griffin said. Bibles try speaking about pool. Bibles try to come in a new brownfell's taxes. I like that. One public school district voted Monday night to begin offering a new Bible. Passes parvits curriculum. A new brownfell's taxes. See, generally speaking, the number and more illiterate people are the more religion that religiously tend to be. Right. The elected courses called the on and ever told you the story about that Russian bitch. Let me after this. Oh, yeah, I need to know. The elected courses called the Bible and the influence board members voted six to one who approved the new class in new brownfell's taxes. The Bible is a fundamental document said, Fundamentalist Rosalind Brathure with the new brownfell's ISD. What else ISD? It had a great influence in terms of politics, art, music and literature. The district says this course is not violate first amendment. What makes it complies is that we're teaching the Bible as a textbook and a document as Bradshaw. And probably going to have to all like where some kind of a guest here, if it like Rosalind. Oh, the right. Yeah. Beanie's northeast ISD. This is like some school district. Already offers a Bible course of two of its high schools also as an elective. New brownfell's ISD surveyed their students about half the students. They're interested in taking the course. Parents we spoke to about fish were split in an idea. If you're going to have to pass this class or take this class as part of a grade or any kind of credit toward your high school to a place. I'm totally against it. It's a Christy olifant. I wonder if she's can't do my room, but I sure doubt it. Keats says I think we need to learn more about our creator. Now the class has been approved by the new brownfell's school board. It will be offered to juniors and seniors in the fall. I like that. I don't know. Put that Bible in the school man. That's going to like, and you know the interesting part. The last night I saw a show on was a biography or a in the ear one of those channels. I want to be a court TV about one of the mass shootings. It was a one in I want to say was a Georgia. Let's do a shooting. Let's just say. Or not always Tennessee. Okay. Remember that one? Yep. And in every single one of these cases, it's always all of these were good church going. It's that raised in a very religious family and much of church every Sunday and never stole a freight train and got it. And Daddy had a whole bunch of guns. All these things. Air v. single one of them man. So evidently you're taking your kids to the wrong church. All you murderous bastards out there. All you crazy people. I have no value on human life. And I'm going to say it again. Twenty two hundred and some out American came and keep track almost twenty three hundred now. Then in a rack for no reason a war based on lies. And they're just now hinting around it in peach. And they're like, oh, wow. Now it's becoming, you know, and Elizabeth holds the rope that great article was on our website about in peaching bush. Should have been done a long time ago. The worst of both have Alzheimer's man. We can't remember convenient Alzheimer's well. We're realizing about the weapons and mass destruction or about about the Sodom and Gamora as Sodom and Vid Laden. And by the way, I'm in the time and he's still alive. They hinted with a whole bunch of shots but he's still alive. He wouldn't even in there. Oops. But now they say in all four territories that and that attack in Pakistan. Lou, Lou Drone was the one who was flying over. He dropped a few bombs there. Maybe that's why we always sitting in a smoke and had pipe in the dark. You know, cover up the smell from his bombs. Okay. Blue Drone. That was the one you knew. It was way before your time. No, Cron Drone. Get with it, man. And anyway, so like, you know, it was an action and somebody got hurt. But for evil guys in there got hurt, plus a lot of the 14 that had nothing to do with any of that. It was just having a nice day. And I worked one guy lost all three of his kids. One five, the three of his kids are all dead. But, uh, oh, sorry. Well, they should have attacked us. Maybe we'll apologize. That's right. If you people would stop attacking everybody or you packies. Oh, wait a minute. I mean, I mean, I mean, are you selling these? And how are we doing? We didn't get L. I'll cover. I'm in the pimon. I'm in Alza, Alza, our hearing. We didn't get Alza, our cow. We didn't get Al, Kida. We just aren't doing too good on the Al front, are we? Huh? No, but what's the Al? What's that got to do with Russian tricks? Oh, so anyway, I don't want to make a long story about this. But there's a Russian, uh, young, like maybe 25, not that bad looking by the way. You might have liked it, but believe me, you wouldn't want to nest the hostile, but she's playing about three machines. Because it's early in the morning. There weren't too many people around including one that I had played in that 500 bucks on. Well, guess what? Now she's got three machines tied up. And I'm kind of like stuck on a left one there, which I don't want to be stuck on a dead machine, which I was doing. And she, what we heard trick was that she'd put like a 20 in there and play like about five credits and then she'd go away for half an hour. And now I realize she's got over the other side of Wheel of Fortune machines in the front, but it's all bunch of them. And she's got three machines tied up there. So I finally got there and I looked and sure enough, she's got only two credits left on the machine. I want to play and she's got her coat on the chair. And like I'd be 45 minutes, you come racing back and like put another, you know, she wants to tie up the machines because she's afraid that somebody else might get some, you know. Right. So I finally get really exhausted because I'm tear to feeding a dead machine. I don't know if I can see my name. I go up there for it. I said, I said, you left two credits in that machine. I wish you'd come and take your money out of your going to play up here because you can't tie up. I mean, oh, I forgot about it. Well, you don't forget about a first of all when your coat is on a chair. But anyway, lying bitch and she comes back. And now she tells me she's going to take the two coins out, but instead because she realizes I want to play it in my shoe. It must be good. So it's not important that she wins, but that I lose. Uh, don't be trying to tell me why machine to play it. Bye bye bye bye. So one of the attendants comes over and I says, there she's got three machines that up front. I usually don't say anything on my own business. And she starts with a mouth on a Russian bitch that nasty a hostile and I'll play ten machines that I want to do. And I'm a, I'm a, you know, tell me what to do. And so finally the attendants is one going to call the supervisor at which point she played out her last coins and left the machine like a bad out of hell. Or she spelled that. No, she actually, she was, she was, if you would have looked at her, you said, hey, and she's okay. But she was all right, little on the skanky side, but she would have done. But she was just nasty and hostile. And the Russian women that I've encountered in that place, maybe just the, I don't know, the drugs that go there on the TTC. I'm like the German women that you're always talking about. Like, what, what German women? Or you tell us that you go to call it all the time. The people are beautiful and how I love it. Oh, and in Berlin. Yeah. Man, you must go, forget about Amsterdam, forget even about Rome. If there's one European city where you must go before you, they stick your ass in a box. Berlin. All right, trust me when I go there. They smell good, they look good, they do a lot of things good and, oh, man. They're four fathers and they're four skin and even a woman. 28 past noon at five, 60, W2M, when you're shopping for a shoe-speaking of an unbeatable combination, you'll find it at Brandys because comfort, perfect fit and price, and value. That's what it's all about. And Brandys carries a humongous selection of just about every type of brand in a business. Like, I've been telling you for 100 years now. They've got them all. Whatever brand you like the best, they've got the floor shine, echo, rock port, new balance, essay, es, no fist, though, whatever you're looking for, you'll find it at Brandys. And their professional shoe-fitters will guarantee you they have a customized video favorite shoe every time. Just ask for Arnie, he'll take good care of your took-sies. The pros at Brandys understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide widths as well. For those of you folks out there, with big fat feet. So Brandys is worth a trip from just about any place in Southwater, get a perfect deal all around comfort style, fit value and selection. They are positively unbeatable. That's Brandys shoes you'll find in the 1290 North Federal Highway in Papro-Bitopendilly, Monday through Saturday to 9, and every Sunday till 5. And another special value this week at Brandys like every week, take 20% off on all men's floor shine shoes this week. Let me say it again, 20% off on all current men's styles of the famous floor shine brand. Only this week, and only a brandys shoes in Pompino Beach. This is New Rogers. All this is five, six, eight, six, eight. These rejoice. We need to have a little more clarification on the rejoice you don't want to say. Yeah Tommy. Yeah Tommy, get with it. Because first of all you missed the Ferrell say, and I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal this to find that. And then you're like, we're going to miss this. We're going to miss this. We'll pay a roll from fair back. Now come to South Pole, Chapsing Chaps. There's not much string to the back. Outside fair, garbage, trash. Wave at the end of Christian West. Red minutes, we're dancing, day. With mansley wrapped around the street. We'll have all the pride. We're fooled. The bullets pass from the conversation. The bullets is too fun. There's been other people who stole the chocolate. The way was married. His table is very odd. And roll from fair back. Now come to pretty cowboy garage. For shadows they come out and with some help. From astro-wine. You're fair. You're fair. About 35. There was a horrible movie. The animal was horrible. I won't watch it. With the cold kid men who I like a lot. It's called My Story. I believe he was the name of it. What's up guys? Oh, that sounds depressing. From a 2004. And it was on scene at several times on a cable. And as soon as I read the brewer bubble, I'll just say, I mean, not that I don't sympathize with people who die from a whole bunch of things. But it's just, don't we see enough morbid and depressing movies already? That's not entertainment. No, it's the depression. It's beginning to die. And it doesn't have to mean that you need to watch the movie. I need to do what? Watch City a God? Pretty sure. That was a deal. I think that's what I heard too. Hello. All of a sudden I can't hear the guys down in Florida. All right. This weekend I'll watch it. Let's get the world. Or maybe if we have now I'm watching by the end of the weekend by Friscial. Yeah, when the kid gets shot, you know, just look away. I don't have a power of people there. It's just so pointless. There's the friscial shoots the one kid in the foot. Look, there's a lot of violence. Just brace yourself. It's brace yourself. I see. So in other words, this is like that train spitting. No, no, no, no. I have a watch there. There's no, there's no ca. In this movie. Oh, thank God for that. No, no. There's no eschatary stuff. There just people being blown away for no particular right there's a method to the madness. Okay. All right. This is the environment that they live in, but there's a story going on. I got it. So what's the guy that says this all of a sudden a big little dirty little little little z. Started as little dice that you know, he grew up. He takes the little z little dice. Apparently one team homeless babies released on bottom. Another denied bond. Little update on that disgusting grotesque story. I say, uh, fireball cranky. Cranky bulls sparky again. Let's take a little trip up to, uh, uh, entry. I mean to a stark a teenager who charged in connection with last week's free of baseball bad beatings that left on homeless man dead into others badly hurt was released on bond this morning. Says the hero. Also this morning, other team who charged in the being death was denied bond. Brian Hooks, 18, which charged with the murder of Norris Gainer was denied bail this morning. William M.N.s 18 for the other day was released on $5,000. $5,000. I left the jail around 10 o'clock this morning. And as he charged with one kind of aggravated battery, police say he rode along to all three attacks and have an actively took part in one of them although not the fatal one. Hours before Amons arrest yesterday, a weeping Thomas Dority, 17, made his first appearance in a viral court from the face of murder charge. Also connection with the image that you know why I did the West. Do you know why he was weeping? Bye. Because you got caught. Uh, one of the three beatings was kept on the surveillance tape, which was showed around the world within hours of the early morning attacks and to keep showing it over it, over it, over it, over it, over it. Dority fled to his mother's home in Tennessee, where his surrender was negotiated. Bridget Dority accompanied him back to South Florida and embunged the court yesterday she mouthed the words, I love you. Thurs son, what we don't. He too was an ad bond on Monday. Amons who that leaves South Florida after the attacks were shown on TV was first interviewed by the police on Friday night. He gave officers the names of hooks in Dority and could openly be a key witness for the prosecution. Neither Dority nor hooks who also submitted a police on Sunday is given a statement to police. In court yesterday Dority's lawyer Bob Nichols asked the judge to order a psychological evaluation for his client, Circuit Judge Stephen Deluca agreed to do so. Hosell gradually analyzed here from South Tantation High School and Dority argues the beating gainer 45-dead at the West law in part, across from the Brown Performing Arts Center around 2 o'clock Thursday morning. According to a police report, two people, one of them amens saw hooks in Dority approach in her carrying baseball bats. Oh, what a couple of courageous guys. The report based on Amons initial statements is Dority went after Gander with his bat, while hooks stood by a bat in hand. The report does not identify the other witness. Hook's attorney Jerome Crawl caution against a rudge to the Russian judgment against his client. The current charges levied against Brian and not representative of his capability, who said, what's all the evidence comes to light we believe it will cast a different picture of Brian's involvement. In addition to the murder charges, the teens also face aggravated battery charges in a 1-A-M attack on Jacques Pierre 58 who had been sleeping on a bench outside the downtown for a Lovryl campus of FAU, one 11-East Ola Lossola's Boulevard. He suffered broken bones and lacerations. That's the beating that was captured by the FAU surveillance camera. The tape shows two young men to believe the beat, Dority and Hook's repeatedly clubbing to the fence was clear. I say just lie and I'll hold my chair. I say this a lot of time and money, don't you? Sure. Yeah. Or maybe just take one of their old Billy clubs and just clubbed it at. I don't know. Maybe I just as I get older have, I don't want to hear any stories about how they were abused. This children, they were misunderstood. They were bored. The death, one or two were clocked at a morning and then have nowhere else to go. I'm going to do it all. Right? Yeah. What would you do? I don't know. How could we be sleeping on a bench in Del Rey? 755. 65. Whatever that says. What's the worst thing about religion? And boy, it's just the evil. It's the evil of the universe man. And then invented by a bunch of silly ass people. All with ulterior motives by the way to control people's minds, to control their pocketbook, to control their purse strings. And if you have a purse guy, they don't want to do with you. The worst thing about religion, it breeds hate in Tolerance 264, Stars Violent Fanatics 157. It's all broschmit 142. Keeps people stupid 93. How did I help you in your think? When I look at there's all the birds on CNN. Kill them all now. Kill them. Before get them before they get us. Keeps people stupid 90. To be honest with you, if I never had chicken or turkey again, would it bother me now? And bother me. Okay. And then of course there's those mad cows. Come on. Let's see. Nothing we need to badly 51. 6.6% of you are able to religious crap. The God squad. Oh man. How come we don't form the... Hell God! Squad. In peace scientific progress, how look how many votes that's gone? About 30 minutes. Great way to time in money 19. And encourages overpopulation, so let me take a tour say man. That's how many kids these people are all having. This is Neil Rogers. This is a life like 16. 18. 18. It's a timeys fault for previous rejoin. It's me off, Malaria. Tencent men if you have a hair loss problem or if you're curly wearing a piece. You must listen to this message. Chuck Alphi or he's been supplying a designing hair systems for sure. The job is personal. He's positive and more importantly you the everyday guy. For over 40 long, amazing years now. Most people say can always spot a hair system. Those are the bad ones. I say how many good hair systems of a one-order is you need to know what's a piece. Charles Alphi or his systems are completely un-a-present natural. Does that mean we're just a right amount of hair and the proper recessions. Write your hands through it. It looks and feels just like you're on here. And for just 99 bucks. Charlie will custom his own hair system for you. You attract for a couple of weeks. If you're happy with the way it looks and feels. It's yours for just an additional $500. Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied. He offers you the following unbeatable guarantee. If you're not completely happy with your hair system just return it. And Charlie, even give you your 99 bucks back. That's enough for you can't refuse unless you're on nut job. So call Charlie the English. It's a great looking head air. And look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Call him toll free 1-800-3-2-1-2413. The Charles Alphi or students in for a lot of day. That's 1-800-3-1-2413. Around the wicked web, Charles Alphiary.com. If there's a book I smell it, at ehatingme.com. We save you time and more. I knew that soon as we met you, we met you and met you and had each other. With ehatingme.com, just fill out our personality profile and we met you with someone you will instantly dislike or worse. See you at me.com. What do you have with this stick? I wanted to hit her the head with a fear bottle. Why do we do this? To save you time. My last normal relationship. With this kind of work, it took like five months before I finally saw the real him. What a bastard. But now with ehatingme.com, I know right away. Within 30 seconds, I knew he'd lie to me. She'd only have a secret. Thank you, Bill. Tell his buddy's lies about our sex class. Start you hold my head under the covers. This ain't so much better. We need to save you. And to save you money. No dating, no birthday, and a personal business or Valentine's price to do it. No make up for jewelry or hair style experiences. We talked for about 30 seconds and I just cut our chance by there for half a house plus Alamo in child support. I saved thousands. Save me, hateme.com. So what are you waiting for? Log on to ehatingme.com now. When you're ready to find and flush the big saps. In your life, 14 Bill Law 1 IQ AM. I want to play 10 machines out play. Am you my annual business? You don't be telling me about my just screaming and shrieking. This runs Russian band. Actually, I just cut your Russian. Next time, call her a suka. Suka is suka. Oh, okay. Have you know why that Russian stuff? My woman happens to be Russian. Dos medania, spasiba. Call her a good band. I used to know a little bit of whiskey. In fact, I can write like the Russian. I hit like an anyway. Can I think how you know it? Five six seven, five six. I'm surprised that the audience doesn't have any skill over. I guess they got under the system of the yesterday about the mo departure. Is that guy? Oh, I got it. Then about both camper for learning today. I don't know. I don't want to save too much. But I will anyway. Come on. We got to do better than that. You know, bo is fine on weekends. Occasionally, he or an area is a spot player. You know, but as far as a broadcast. Wow. WCW AM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you going, fellas? All right. So far. All right. That's good. Quick opinion. Slash suggestion. We got in your bowl today. Yeah. It's almost perfect. Except for one choice you have there. It wasn't for that. I suggest you would put at the bottom. All of your both. All of your both. You can't do that because it's not. Yeah, I want there. Yeah, I want there. That says, all right. Well, for those guys, whatever. In other words, part of you series, yeah. And by the way, I'm kind of glad that I missed the mows out of the picture now. So hopefully that make a good choice. Yeah, we can have one happy family and be a little bit less dysfunctional than we were before. Would that festering hate and all the panties that we want to be behind the scenes? Have the process listening about Mr. Mad Dog. Right after you. That'd be good. Two to six, man. You're right. You got your son. You're hired. You're the new PD. Thank you, Pally. Yeah, that's what the deal is. We had phenomenal numbers there between the two and whenever he used to be on two and full. And then the Hank would pick up from Aaron. You know, it was just a logical progression. Two to six, man. The mad dog. Even two to five. And then five to seven. Then we can worry about that driving home time. I don't know. What do you think? Right, smell. Sure. That's seven hour anyway. It's a week hour because half of that hour is usually the Marvin Pregame show or the Panther Pregame show or some other hurricane warm up or hurricane cold down or some crap like that. Some marginal sports event that nobody in their right mind would listen to if you paid him by the minute. We want the mad dog to a clock right now. Get him on there today. Come on in early mad dog. And just push. Boat camp around thinking you can do that. I think it was a push him out the door. What's wrong with Boat camp for five to seven today? Wouldn't that be good? That's fine. We want the mad dog. We want them now. Who did Moe for sports dog? Mad dog. You should understand? Not that we don't know. Yeah, I think that's a nice the choice. And how come that's on the poll yesterday instead of silly stuff like you know, see I just came handle it. You know, you're worse me out. Anybody in suds. I would all be expected to hump for and you guys. Well, what's the point? Why is it? It's a big exercise on that. It's an exercise. Exercise. That's all. When you didn't put I hate this pull on there and didn't put it on there today either. Right. I hate this pull and you also need to put on. Part of these things. No, no, it doesn't include that one goofball thing about. Oh, there's nothing wrong with it. What's it about? How's that? So all of the, let me say the important thing. Part of these things. Right. Just that way. Got it? Part of these things. Part of these things. Part of these things. Part of the call. Part of the call. Part of the call. Part of these things. Got it. Fine. I had a fast year that you sent me that was a fairly interesting and some respect. So I think I should make kind of what I do with it. Oh, no. Don't you hate that why I do that? It's part of that Alzheimer's saying we were all controlled with Kevin Dillon who's probably old and really ugly now. That was kind of an interesting movie and you know kind of a, yeah, a great deal. Great. Cult following what those deals. What was an interesting feature on last night was about the, the cult movies of whatever 70s and 80s. Okay, including much of call it. What do you call it? What's your call? Rocky, who are pictures sure? Oh, that one, yeah. Yeah. Now that was awfully gay. You know, it was me. That was all fun. Yeah, I know that. But I don't know. A lot of people who went to see that. There was some game to sit there. I don't know. I lost the fact. So, said it back to me again or not. This case maybe. What did it say? What was it? Hainel heard the poll idea. Oh, yeah. I got to have that again. It's coming at you. Okay. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I have to wish for a minute work. But I'm in a cubicle here. And you can walk or go? Yeah. Have you ever had to make up for mine? Have you ever had to make up for mine? Have you ever had to make up for mine? I just did. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe he's just having 11 spoonful for a lunch. I can't say it's spoonful or what, but nevertheless. Correct them. WQAM, hello. Oh, wait. There you go. Johnsonback in the loving, uh, powerful. The CSO live, Johnsonback, and I think he died. Oh, no. Let me look it up. Wait, me, you don't know. I know Joel Sebastian's dead. Now, how, how is he gonna confuse? Johnsonback, and who was the guy in the, and the mama's in the papa's? He's the one it said. Papa Drunk. Top of John, why? Pizza? Hmm. Top of John who? Oh, for me. Top of John who? John, uh, bullets. John, uh, here he goes. He's dead. And mama can't, of course. Maybe I have another sandwich, Tony. Johnsonback is still alive, but I've got to have it. Is not. Who is not? Sebastian can't. Oh, he's been dead a long time. He was a monster. Oh, oh. And the TV industry. And he was really hot to ask the woman who's on TV. You're right. You know, even, it's just like when they fall in love with the, like, air of the man who, uh, when they rather brother, because they're on there. They saw my TV. You said, they're, they give these, uh, proposals of marriage and a mail. Oh, you're right about women, man. They, by the, see on TV, we're going to move. They, they even, who dimensions they, They're hot. There's something. Oh, yeah. Like, uh, Heath Ledger, right? I, I, sorry. He's, he's an average looking guy. He's been very good actor. I was there in that, but this idea, he's some kind of a sex. He's some kind of a sex symbol. Give me a break. By the way, I've had a woman say that he's really hot. Yeah. What, your woman said that? No, no, I just got a, got a, got a, well, so your woman is Russian. She's a Rusky. That's right. Wow. Like, in the legal alien? No, no, she was born there. She moved over here. She was born, why are you in Minska, Bernou? No. Now, you're laughing. My grandmother was born in Minska, Bernou. Well, that's not why I was laughing. She'll certainly know where Minsk is. Why were you laughing? She was born in Brooklyn, probably. No, she was born in Keto, I believe. In what Keto Ecuador? K-I-R-O-V. You pronounce it however you want to. You're not going that, right? And K-I-R-O-V. No, K-I-R-O-V. K-R-O-Q-R-O-V, I believe. Center off? Yeah, that's it. How about those Columbus Blast, right Jack? I believe your panther is the other night over time. That was embarrassing. And I'm going to tell you, Alan Cohen, maybe Hank is going to kiss you, but I got news for Alan. You can keep putting off only attendance in the numbers. And those box squares every time. It isn't going to make you any more money. It's not going to make the team any more likely to be there for a long time. It's ridiculous. Fireblas is the one I was looking for. It's just as an eye. If there were 17,000 people there for that Columbus kingdom, most of them have to be hanging out on the veranda somewhere with Carmen Miranda. Give me a break. Well, what's the point? You know, all these people in sports who lie a lot. Well, there was a cell out for a lot of people to show up. They stayed home. They had, yeah. Anyway, what do you think about that pool? I like that pool idea. For Mike, thanks a lot, Mike. And thank God that George, you're a fact to it again. And I'll put it right in my pool pile. I don't want to lose it again. Also, it says, please tell your listeners, as long as you're rating stay through the roof of your show as new to visit is, you'll never get the Fartsounds back or the word police tobacco. Guess what? Either way, I'm not going to get the Farts. And in addition, which I don't want the Fartsounds back. I mean, it would be nice to have them just, you know, as a occasional drop in in certain spots, like maybe in your back. But not who needs it. And also, Mike says, for the record, I don't know my daughter go to church with anybody. Nice going, Mike. You go, man. Oh, all you people doing these terrible things. You know, they talk about child abuse, which of course is a grotesque thing. This is a formal child abuse, if you ask me. Forcing your kids to go and listen to all these nonsense and drag them. See that the pool, we took a couple of days ago. On Friday was it, remember, you knew what had the results yesterday. Wasn't that either number one or number two getting dragged? It's a thing you did. It was like your throwing one, dragged a church or a show. It was number one and hit parade. It's going to be somebody Dorothy Collins, jizama Kenzie, Russell arms and Strukey lands in any minute, man. You're hit parade. Getting dragged a show, man. Baruch, hot to all, don't know anybody know what I'm talking about. No, and how come we don't have a little bit of that managed share of its wine for the kids? Because it's boring as hell. Oh, my God. Oh, mighty and there's stuff in the Torah around in the tombs. And they got the big robes. They got all brothers with a strings hangin down. For once, how about a religion with no strings of things? This is Neil Raj, no chasties man. This is by 1628. So what new do I have? And do I have to do it? Yeah. God's my highly running. Go on the gath of sea and spot. Y'all in two more days. I'll be back. With my son, today we give this a call. I hit the road and in total space. He's the way of the car. That he knows in the driveway. He's driving for my face. All I was told, driving wild. So my name is God. God was in style. My son, father, to drive. That's why those guys died. No charge is filed. I'm going wild. Who goes, who goes, who goes. One more chance, one more chance. Last night, we got nobody's about to log some George Bush in Arnold. Okay, because they from very wealthy families that got lost in money. Right? And Arnold knows the Kennedy's. I even made some of the money. One 0.15 60 W to Q a m. I'm trying to put out a string. Maybe I'll just read it. Okay, because I don't think it's going to print out. Oh, give her hand that happening. You've hired a string for something for some reason. Very seldom with me, but this one just don't want to do a thing. It's not that long thing. It's from the LA Times. It's a Senator Hillary Clinton on Monday blasted the Bush administration. It's one of the worst in US history and compared to Republican control, House of Representatives to a plantation where the setting voices are squelched. A bunch of cotton pickin' idiots. Speaking during a Martin Luther King's Unioday event, Clinton also offered an apology to group of hurricane Katrina survivors on behalf of a government that left you behind a turn that's back on you. Her remarks were met by thunderous applause by mostly black audience of the King and Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem. The house has been run like a plantation. And you know what I'm talking about, said Clinton, it's been in a way that nobody would have the contrary of you as had a chance to present legislation to make an argument to be heard. We have a culture of corruption. We have crony, isn't we have incompetence, you said? I predict to you that this administration will go down in history is one of the worst that has ever governed our country. You go, girls, about time. You start talking about something said, burn the flag. A spokesman for the White House to find a comment. Refer to questions that you were Republican National Committee. RNC spokeswoman Tracy Schmidt said, oh, she's your busy Dutch, you're myster. I don't know what Americans are focused on legacy of Martin Luther King, Hillary Clinton, the focus on legacy of Hillary Clinton. And that's a real good comeback. Okay, Tracy, you stupid bitch, you Schmidt, myster, you. Oh, now it's printing out. Now that I'm sure reading it, that's the end of the story. Oh, man, maybe we'll print out the rest of the story. There is no, no. God. Don't forget we got Kim Bocafer for more. How are they dated to this afternoon? No more mo. No mo. I think it's a great tribute that we keep his memory and his voice alive on his show. Yeah, like chasing you around to you. Yeah, things like that. Which is it? Absolutely. I mean, absolutely. What about another train monkey? Oh, yeah, we got 85 million drop-ins from the moment. Not how we dated, but the moment, I see. Well, I lost a mark from Mo. But anyway. Well, here's the story about how we're quitting. She said the house is rough. I can't play anything. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What do you think? What's your take? Curtis? Kim Bocafer. One of the other choices. Joy Reynolds, 2 to 4. The sheik? Athro. Michael's? And now. A lot of choices out there, man. A lot of people in a radio business who are desperate at this point. And I guess we are, too. So like I said, I'm so glad that this GM is going to let these things continue Festering. These like an open wound. Oh, my God. Yes. I went to the magic room and ground the rumor mill a little bit. Yeah. Probably he's going to bring it. Our friend Howard is going to be announcing or doing something. I'm not sure what for the Olympics. On a station, you mean? Not on a spot on the station, I mean, with one of the networks I assume was would water something? Really? So in the woods, you're going to send two to Reno. Oh, man. There's another legendary experience. The Estados. He has experienced a million times. One markdown online. One ACE to 10, impl 566 attractive lumeless line. 567 is 65, 65, pound. 50 is 40 equal to 10, no. line yeah you had a good point I don't know what it was but I'm sure was an excellent point I'm going to kill you I am hello we're going to go home I'm home Boko oh yeah yeah well what's your take are you pleased this please we are what you got in my man I'm like kind of disappointed cause like now you don't have no more a moment that's what you think the moment just keep on coming on the okay pal I see hard as a point because he thought that was the end of the moment no chance uh in fact they need to be just to begin like that one I'm going to get done in there again this hour that's a classic did you play that yesterday or we just get it the most leaving yeah oh no I played it wow I thought I had a chance world premiere there and you played it see still my boy yesterday played I'm not taking off anymore these marginal holidays anymore alright WQA I'm hello yeah man I'm a candidate man I'm low enough the whole family we come in okay we have room at the end or for him by the way uh only if you wave the conservative flags scoops of his harpours gonna squash and next Monday it's gonna be really bad yes when is the video the uh almost beatings again three attacks occurred last Thursday who did this one captured by a security him the latest us that's his 18 is now facing aggravated battery charge in one of those beatings the other two ages 17 and 18 are also facing murder charge good fry all three of the rest put them on a uh uh try cedar I was gonna say a twin cedar sick of all of them they're twenty two cedar one can sit on the lap you run shotgun sick and tired of uh punts run out of control with no respect for human life and again what kind of family do these people grow up and what kind of environment what kind of background what kind of lunatic does cramp like this huh WQA I'm hello kind of re-bubble with make WQA M hello when you go to fight yes sir I guess you feel like fun making fun of somebody yeah I'm making fun of man alright WQA M hello so I'm talking to you speaking yeah I know I don't know if you're familiar with the um what's the director and the writer of the volume no yeah why anyway he did all for burying nights the author of the arm hard eight so yeah what is his name again yeah we are familiar it's not as far understood you have a lot of this we talk about him in life after our watch night no no this correct I did have you guys ever seen are the eight no yeah I have a way to answer that but I better not no no I'm not gonna about get that hard I got you it's a movie that takes place in the last radius and very good it he he right really well and the story like now once you're not gonna like that because um yeah what's the dreamy name in your real life oh he possibly yeah right now it's you can make no you think that you haven't tonyah strong been when he gets me 63 how do you remember a name of hope he liked that one I'm sending you what's it called again like no the other one hard eight on the way five six seven why did she just go or losing him the movie he was just saying hard eight no no that's not what he's a punch drop love oh I'm not even paying attention this old cool and you better give her this right that's it right punch drop love what she's having a little himself yeah yeah now let's see who the comedian is I hate how many comedians do I hate Bob hope at him and Sam or all jesus that is the comedian well and again comedian by their own description Dennis no yeah billmark yeah billmark's a comedian he says that work he's a twerp he comes up to many girls there can't that he's a comedian pathetic okay if you got punch drop lover we're gonna go until midnight stay home can't look at it yeah and what do who's in it Adam Sandler Emily one out okay okay okay I thought I had heard of it that's what I heard and I had heard of it and I had heard it and I had a little pass-o man I'll pass-o come in you QA and hello QA and hola yes sir how you doing sir I just want to talk to a topic that's very serious when you talked about Celia Cruz that was a disrespectful yeah the Cuban community yeah that's that up with it yeah sir I do you know it you're a human I insurance a service a story action man talk about a story a country George yeah make a big deal of a good blooded American you lost like a fake call the comedian yeah yeah yeah kind somebody else you see a cruise if that's the best you can do you lose man cruise on out of here get back on your banana boat get lost right yeah let's take up for your country see the cruise she's the best the Cuba had to offer right I prefer to have him in rough myself he wasn't human but he isn't good work there yeah that guy was Cuban like Hitler was Cuban yeah right I just just I mean why even bother with the nonsense you know probably I haven't played golf with motorcycle now that's the movie WQAM hello oh yes sir yeah I mean a woman a sacred fear and I just wanted to call about that lunacy take to a friend that call last week most sacred fear is a cool but you get those guys there they get lucky on game they were not one win number one you know the Patriots were number one you just the jackass yeah you know how many passes in Ecomplete oh I'm exactly you know but you were right about those bar bar Boston Italian restaurants the bigger the name the bigger the one thousand one and now one fourteen and people he had some good Italian I trust several of the restaurants in the north end of the hour I'll tell you the place I love was the Prince spaghetti house man they can't be that very good very good and they still good nations they have harmony they are two now they have one comedy comedy comedy shows oh I see comedy shows okay hope I am salarid and okay see you around okay buddy thanks they've comedy what he's an England guy man he speaks with anyway in the comedy say shout out remember him Sean Conley and all the comedy guys comment it after one and five sixty complete QAM the Patriots played a bad game oh she I don't think I can go on with one three super balls we wanted division again it's by all those injuries and a one of first again they blew jacks into the right off the field and so they made a lot of mistakes they turned it all over the handed in for the game on a silver platter and he lost oh gee what was me you know I'm kind of glad that it takes the pressure off now so we got we got Pittsburgh and let's see I can't remember we got to see Yattle in the NFC Seattle and uh who on the other game uh Carolina C carers nothing to be seen here for a while about them there's no non-descript man Seattle in the Carolina nothing to be fired at it and I'm prolifer Carolina I don't why and then the ASC got Pittsburgh and of course whoever else is left over which is uh 10% who? 10% or no Denver how easy to forget about them too jake this snake right come let's go Steelers and what a turnaround you know I don't know why I like the Steelers because Bill Coward gives me shiplkies I can't stand watching them that look on his face nice nice call by the way they're on first and go I was good he got hit you know that's when he got hit in the ball that's what happened they said that he can't hit him in the ball he did pop yeah and popped right out the bus one thirteen and five sixty wc me honestly didn't show his parents after the fumble of the goal line the Kim show this pairs all the way through the game after me another great run another first down the bus and then after that fumble like uh oh man they probably they probably uh hold on to go the animal coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is really buys to get restaurant view and out every Friday to something night you can enjoy at the americao's lobster fest featuring main lobster thermator style and every night is crap fest at the americao's with last-consno crab legs dungeon is crab and jota stone crabs the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over thirty dot thirty minutes not like rags got so much time on this hands you might even see him hanging out there for the sushi the americao's also served delicious juicy New York state script order handcar primary ball and on a weekend for dessert leave room for the americao's famous forty inch chopped up fun you can end if you're on strawberries marshmallows other than that can increase and don't forget the americao's promotes healthy living cooking all the fine cuisine with cholesterol freaking oil with no MSD no cornstarch no crab no headaches just a big smile on your face and a big fat public when you're watered out there look your reservations for a real feast of one of americao's three locations you find the americao's in sunrise sunny out's beach and pepper pies for the americao's it's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two this is Neil Rogers this is five sixteen two eight I'm dead now but I remember when I was alive I went into the morning with a little I get sport all day. How about women and something sounds without a gym cute old you? Just my book. I click my butt. Take my bag and go get none. I click your my Kevin Pates. Then I assume a penalistic state. I think there's a problem that we're dying. They might want some and it has been pain. There's a problem that I want to have. You know what I mean? Yes, we're going to get a lot of the fields out. We got to get a bit of a shoe back. You must have some nice and you must be so now that's how. That was fun. Don't see a mo-no mode. That's correct. All of you will be covering your lipids just the room around town in Torino. Torino. Now they're saying they're trying to go to Torino. I'll be announcing the loser then. I'm half a year in to go to Torino for the Olympics. Anyway, one night in a queue and we got Boa, a Kimba Boa camper for a mo. Boa for mo. And then tomorrow it's open while we have no idea. Somebody dress your optimal moment. We'll put you on the air. Speaking of the bus. Talk about a hard stop and get between the Steelers and the Coles. Terry O'Neill. Did you see the story Josh about the guy with the heart attack? I did. Terry O'Neill 50 of Pittsburgh was watching the game at a bar. And had a heart attack. And after Jerome Betis fumbled it, tried to score from the 2-yard line late in the 4th quarter. Quarterback Ben Rothers burger prevented the Coles from the carper from returning. We recovered both for a touchdown and the Steelers hung out on for a 218 win. O'Neill said Betis is his hero. I wasn't upset that the Steelers might lose until the Pittsburgh Tribune review. I was upset because they didn't want to see an end of his career like that. The guy liked that deserves better. I guess it was a little too much for me to handle. Like Howard Beale said, I don't want to go out like a clown. And I'm giving one more shot at it. That's how it hit me. Let me cure it about one more time. O'Neill was recovering in a hospital. It credits two fire fighters with Saviom. The Steelers won the game and I'm still alive. So I guess I'm doing pretty good. You said this guy's really got his priorities all straight now. Right? Right. We have a pacemaker implanted to control and irregular heartbeat. And we'll prescribe medication to deal with the hypertension. While he would like to go to the bar suddenly for the game against the Broncos. To thank the guys who saved him O'Neill said, I guess I probably should take it easy and watch the game at home. Don't watch, baby. Don't watch Terry. Not a bad idea. Handsome like a whispered your ear. I just come a little ball. Oh, oh, there he goes. Talk about taking a little bit too seriously. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6 in the Verizon singer. Wireless lines. Who will it be tomorrow? Who will be the two to four guy in QAIN? Of course they'd realize by now that no matter what they say, the management's going to do whatever they want. Anyhow. So whatever. I don't think it's going to be even to a no. Just nobody knows who he is. Although might be his brother Marty. Worst thing about religion, 878 votes. Breeds hate an intolerance 295. Sponsored by the phonetics 169. It's all bullshit. One 51. Well that goes without saying. Baruchotto. Keep people stupid one. One. Nothing. We needed badly. 60. Six point eight percent of the audience. The guys who I think we need religion badly for one. To make somebody a lot of money is at it. We need a badly for one. Well, not shall not kill and not shall not stay. Some really profound crappeneria. You know, he had a common sense as an in the past. Some people got a friend of your children. Our will be in the day. She'll surely be stoned to death. Religion and peace and academic progress 33. All of these things 24. See that guy was right. All of these things. All of these things 24. This gives me a suit to play that. A great waste of time and money 22. Encourages over population 16. And I hate these polls only four so far. We have eight seventy eight. We could have probably made a thousand if we put the big push on it. But you know what it's we don't want to do that. We want to be pushing too hard. No, I don't push that hard. They'll shove me right off the school in the bar. 567. 560. 560. On the rise in singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. Yes, I am. Hey, I just moved to the front Chicago. It's not a very long and fuzzy play. I'm going to go to the front Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. I went to the front of the school. You know, we're going to get the China talk a lot of the China said he's a fight. Yeah, I'm going to get that. Yeah, I'm going to get lost. Stay in Chicago and get out of my life. Just got a message that was John C. Riley talking at the end of Magnolia. This is for Josh. Who is the cop? The cop right like I said. I thought it was the cop. Yes, we thought it was. That's who it was. Well, but you don't see that. You don't see that. You don't see that. It's like a cop. But you. You might have watched it again, Mr. You sure aren't very persecuting. The boss. The boss. Because you're drunk by the time that movie ends, which I can understand is in half hours long. Yeah, it's pretty long. But you look soft as an answer. He's trying to figure out what's going on behind the movie. No, no. Clearly, he saw the frog's falling. Listen, when the frog's fall, the cop is. Yes. The cop heads mother is there. And then she gets out of the, you know, she goes somewhere. And then all you just see is like a guy. You can't hear anything. You just hear the music because it's ending. But all you see is a fact. Right. But you got a very distinctly shaped head. That's what he said. He's not even. That's what I would have recognized. He's got that curly. You would have recognized. That's what it was. That's not from the voice and all that. Well, you know, I thought was to watch a movie that that's sensational. And that was the one thing I came away from it. One thing I came away from it. One thing about who was the, well, I told you that I don't understand that. I don't understand the kid where he smiling when the frog and everyone else is freaking out and he smiling. Maybe he's responsible. That's what I thought because there's like books open in front of him. I thought he was the frog boy with frog powers. And. Maybe he's from Montreal. He's a frog. Tell you. See you're trying to make too much sense into it. Crap. Crap happens. That's the theme and that whole movie. Go back and watch the beginning again. Please. All right. I mean, well, once it gets into the story, first story line, you forget all about that opening. It doesn't have all that. But that's the message that they're presenting to you is that crap happens. And then, of course, it'd be end of the movie. That's what they say again. If my memory. I saw so long. It happens again at the end. Right. I was just asking you the stories that they were talking about. They didn't really. I mean, they kind of finished them, but they didn't. And the words of one of the world's great Chinese philosophers. But got about it. There you go. But that's a cop out. Just say the crap happens. Therefore, this movie doesn't have to make sense. Do we go see? See, I told you. He never really liked it in the first place. He hates it. That's why he made up that crap about the ending not being good. And he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's like, you know, he's not like that you know, he's like, you know, yeah, he's never really liked it in the first place. He hates it. That's why he made up that crap about the ending not being good. And yeah. Well, you were like in the first place. It wasn't like the loving year. Because it will be half to make sense. But I don't agree. Like I thought it did do and makes looks or was it of Osmake sense. That's going to shot. It was it of Osmake and he sends. Darcy didn't end all the story lines. Harry, Barry, Barry, Barry, and Harry, and the storyline there. No, they're sitting on the porch. And now, we're just, she says, he says, oh, we're fine. I think we're just like a gang store and look what happened to him. I think we're gonna be okay. But I didn't think that they finished all the story line. Right. He even dropped it. He doesn't even have to look at it. Nobody even hit bars. He's tired of the break. But we don't need to go back and find out. If you want to find out who'll come up, Henry, what's his name again? Henry, Henry Gibson. Henry Gibson. But the guy there was, Henry, I remember his name. I mean, we always say already, John, since, how many times have we done that in this show? About 30 minutes. At the time, we think that that scene in the bar and where you made space, he's trying to pick up the bartender. And he's a lot of the big money that money to get his braces, you know, brace yourself for that scene, but the whiskey, right? When you made a mistake, he is so good. He's so good. Everybody in that movie is great. That's they are. Philipsy, more Hoffman is great. Yes, he is. So let's go see Compotee. What do you say? It's great. It's great to cover cable. Play CME too. And the same with whatever this is. And the same with, and that's the way it is. They had more on movie. It must become more cable pretty soon, right? I'd add it. Of course, it wouldn't have any significance to you, because you know, old November, Edward Armour, or James smoking on the ear. I saw those clips. Those movie television videos. You know, I was used to change smoke on the ear. Gary Moore. Who? Gary Moore's here. Very, no talent, but he was one of those, kind of like Riley guy. And he was also there. He was the host and I've got a secret or one of those. Yeah, I got a secret. And he would change smoke for it on the ear back in the day. When they used to have the fact that advertising on TV, Winston, taste good, like a cigarette should call for, fill up Morris, they had Johnny, the cup for fill up Morris guy. And then there was the, a cigarette as we're fine. Bring them back, okay. If people want to kill themselves with food, if they want to smoke those, they get put on the ear and stop being such a bunch of phonies. Okay, you've phoned it like you really care about whether people are dying from crap. The FDA, my ass. 27 after one of QMRU and a dead end job. Maybe you're grossly underpaid. Or speak it about your paid. How's your raise coming, Josh? I don't know how to come. Lean on clearance when it comes to their mild lean on him. He'll fall over easy. If your new year's resolution is a high pain career, you better act now. Pick up that phone and call fast train right now. And one, eight, six, six, fast train. Fast train will get you trained ready for a great new high pain career. Just a few short months. That's all it takes. Out of your life, just a few short months to get you a great new high pain career. The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is at an all-time high right now as I speak. And fast train offers can be in vain in weekend classes. If you have placement as assistant, semifinantially for people to qualify. So pick up that phone and call fast train, toll free, one, eight, six, six, fast train. It plays over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train on the web at fast train.com. But you better act now into a obtain that new high pain career because classes are filling up fast. So at almost the opportunity of the train of opportunity this year, call fast train and make that new year's resolution to get life and a real job of rearloid this year. Comptool free, one, eight, six, six, fast train. And be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call. This is real rubbish. This is five, sixteen, Saturdays. And get it on and now. Speaking for God, the Almighty Pat Roberts. You know, we've all heard of Lindsay Lohan's tragic fight with asthma and bulimia. But he'd my word if she had not disobeyed her father, God would not have put the asthma in her lungs. And then, like a harlot, a stage in screen, she pursued a film career that's simply promoted sexual relations with automobiles. I mean, to young Lindsay really believe her being the love folk would give the Lord any choice, but to induce her belly to repeatedly and finally purge his conscience. Of course, God will certainly find this grace to return the health of Miss Lohan if the proceeds from this critical film. Some have finds their way to my collection plate, along with a fantastic photographs of her repenting books. God. This has been speaking for God with the Almighty Pat Roberts. Hey, let's have dinner with Pat. Let's take them out. 132, 20 until 2 in Kimbobo, camper. Former CBS anchor water crime kite was just the conclusion that the Vietnam War was unwindable. Keeley Influenced Public opinion. And said Sunday, he'd say the same thing about Iraq today. Right on, Walter, you go. Absolutely correct. It's my belief that we should get out now. Crime kite said the meeting would be reporters. And that's the way it is. Huh? At 89, the TV journalist once known as the most trusted man in America, has been off the CBS even in the news for nearly a quarter of a century. He's still a CBS news employee all the way to his little for them. He's still on the payroll. Kind of like Sam. Crime kite said, one of his proudest moments came at the end of a 68 documentary. He made following a visit to Vietnam during the tent offensive. Urged by his boss to briefly set aside his subjectivity to give his view of the situation, Crime kite said it was always unwindable and that the U.S. should exit. Then President Lyndon Johnson reportedly told the White House aid after that, if I've lost Prashide, I've lost Middle America. The best time to have made a similar statement about Iraq came after Hurricane Katrina. He said, we have an opportunity to say to the world any rackies after the hurricane disaster that mother nature hasn't treated as well and we find ourselves missing the amount of money it takes to help these poor people out of their homeless situation. And we build some of our most important cities in the USA. He said, therefore we're going to have to bring our troops home. Iraqi should have been told that our hearts are with you and the U.S. would do all it could to be build their country and stop killing innocent people in your country and the Pakistan as well. I think we could have been able to be terror with honor. He said in fact, I think we can be terror with honor anyway. In other words, land and die will get that allowed. Crocodile is spoken out against you back where in the past, saying in 2000, fush it's not far to Iran. It's right across the border. Right? Well, we've got to have some order fight otherwise. So, you know, perpetual war for perpetual peace. That's right. He is spoken out against the war in the past, saying in 2004 that Americans weren't any safer because of the invasion. Crocodile is hard of hearing him walks, coughingly jokingly said, I'm standing by as they want me to anchor the CBS TV news. CBS of course is still searching for a permanent successor to Dan Weather. Now, speaking of that, I got a bit, and I was, I don't know whether I should play it because it's got a sound in there, but I'm sure it's not what I thought it was. I want you to listen to it. Okay? Did you hear this yet? No. This is Dan Weather, former CBS evening news anchor man and now a punchline. My former network's inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned replacing me. First Bob Schiefer, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train, if you use Rogan. Another name that has been barely about is... I see that? Yeah, that was a sound of a Rogan bottle being squirted under Dan. That's for obviously for that. Okay. John Roberts, who currently occurs the Sunday CBS evening news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Kelly of the whole... Oh, two minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think. Plus he's skinnier than Kelly Riplet. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime. If Ruttrunner just succeed me, seems to be current today show of co-worker Katie Kerrick. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This first and things real news is announcing the individual weight, but each of day loads but she... Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of gene to take. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved, Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a wish of loose to blow, a gong loose to bang, and Katie Kerrick has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. Yeah, so that was, I think he's doing an armpit thing, you know. That's a it's a choral, that's what it is. Oh yeah, that's exactly anything, that's true. That is a common object. Right there. I know it, that's why I had a bit of a word. It's fantastic. Anyway, 10 topples, speaking over to what a tie-in! No doubt Norman Solomon writes this and it's on our website, it's my perfect. We'll have time for this, well I'll make time. No doubt many people are glad that Ted Kappel become a regular voice on National Public Radio. He recently ended 25 years with ABC's nightlines, Joe mid-profused media accolades, but what kind of journalist was out of his way to voice perfect ever admiration for Henry Kissinger? These ago, NPR announced that Kappel will do several commentaries per month on morning edition and all things considered. He associated press reported that it will also serve as an analyst during breaking news and special events. There's some grim irony in this day, but he should buy NPR senior vice president for programming. Ted and NPR are a natural fit with curiosity around the world and commitment to getting to the heart of the story. The role of news aimless has been a tradition on NPR news magazines, and there's no one bit of qualified to uphold and grow that tradition and Ted, they say. But the heart of the story about US foreign policy is often involved these sections from Washington, and since Kappel became a prominent journalist, he's been a firm and booster of one of the most prodigious and murderous DC version of US history. Henry Kissinger is plain and civil, the best secretary of state we've had in 20, maybe 30 years. But 30 minutes. There's certainly one or two of the three great secondators in state in our century, Kappel said in an interview. Kappel added, I'm proud to be a friend of Henry Kissinger, he's an extraordinary man. This country has lost by not having him in a position of influence and authority. Kappel was keeping President someone who served as a key architect to foreign policy throughout the Nixon presidency. Kissinger, whose record is an Inventor at Lire, was thoroughly documented in the Cymru, in the Cymru, in the 1883 book, the price of power, Kissinger in the Nixon White House, orchestrated bloody foreign policy of the sections from South East Asia to Chile to East Tymru. Kissinger was the smart guy behind the horrendous bombing strategy that killed hundreds of thousands of Indians in Vietnam, Lousen Cambodia, as the Heldin Athletic Stage. Kissinger was the smart guy who clued with general pinnature for the September 73 coup, the subsequently years of torture and murder in Chile. And Kissinger was the smart guy who in his continuing world of Secretary of State after Gerald Ford became president. By the way, Jerry Zopay just as the money is 92. After Ford became president, he had Washington's blessing for Indonesian troops to invade occupied East Tymru with mass murderous results. Kissinger was a frequent guest online, so we're currently treated by Ted Kappel, than the summer of 89, the host turned the moderating role over to the extraordinary man, so he could direct the panel discussion himself. A few years later, in April of 92, Kappel was telling viewers, if you want a clear foreign policy vision, some of who take you beyond the conventional wisdom of the moment, it's hard to do any better than Henry Kissinger. Kappel's fervent promotion of Kissinger was no anomaly. The long time, maybe see Newsman amassed a notable record of banging the drum for US foreign policy when it counted the most in real time when a crisis was underway. As far as life magazine in 1988, if you'd like to be Secretary of State, Kappel responded affirmatively in Tappel's qualification. Part of the job is to sell American foreign policy, not only Congress, but to the American people, I know I could do that. Kappel made the comment while US foreign policy in Central American included direct rig and administration support for a country terrorist army in Nicaragua, along with backing for debt squad, line governments in El Salvador, and Guatemala. Meanwhile, his nightline program regularly gave aid and comfort to policy makers in Washington. During late 80s, researchers at the Media Watch Group fare conducted a 40-month study of nightline, 865 programs at all. The two most frequent guests were kissing to another former Secretary of State Alexander, I am in charge here with the White House, Aig. I'm shows about international affairs, US government policy makers and ex-efficials dominated the nightline guest list, American critics of foreign policy were almost invisible. For Kappel, the program's anchored managing energy and see a problem, recovered by the president and his cabinet and their people be fired back, and they're the ones where we responsible for our foreign policy and they're the ones I want to talk to. Instead of live-ranging public discourse, Kappel sure was primarily a conveyor belt for a elite opinion of crucial junctures. Later, if he got around we're exposing official these steps, it was after the bunk propaganda that he helped us spread in the first place. Back in 87 news we quoted a note of a basic disparity between the image and function of Ted Kappel. The anchor who makes viewers feel that he's challenging the powers that be on their behalf is in fact a quintessential establishment journalist. In that light, considering the overall coverage of our transform policy established by NPR news, Ted Kappel does seem like an actual fit. I like that moment, Salmon, you go, Norman. I'm the Neal Solomon, sure. I think I'm changing my name. I'm going to take my money. I'm going to take my money. Well, you know we got Goldberg. Salmon. No Howard David it. Let's bring him back. Okay. What do you think about that? Eddie Kappelon, right? Right? Right. And we'll have to convert my daughter so I can tell you. Unless he's going to have to become to, if you're unless he's willing to do two to six. This is Neal Rosario Salmon. How right is this five sixteen two eight six? Thank you. The next four five. I'm a little bit tired of being in the cherry pot tracks. Here's some that you've been paying. ​I-Dye. ​ diz, dé-deight." ​I can still have missed words. ​I just didn't think he wouldn't be up before the June norms. ​Now, call. ​Another fake trainings blog. ​To provide for computers. ​A build-up for technology. So go to the set of the holidays and go to the party. The holiday and the two, the holiday and the two. We're going to the party. Yeah, we don't hear too much about the Duke Delmore even Tom Delay or any of these people no more, you know? Right? Start up again? Yes. Bob Ne, Tom Delay, what do you say? 148, 12 minutes away from the Kimba Bolt camper filler and show and maybe Kimba will be a permanent feature in there. I don't know how many he or what likes to add. He wants it. Is that what the Harper was saying this morning? Don't we all? Harper is trying to get involved in that. Which is okay and I'm sure there is respect to his opinion. And then again, I don't know. What about Curtis? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! There was a time when I was so broke in my heart. And we did that thing about the greatest record of all time. I can't think of his crying. Amazing. Curtis, Bob, help you damn, I didn't want to run. And then I can't control him. I'm sure there's a ray on the... Oh, speaking of that, I got a bit that I'm probably wasn't going to play, but I better where to hell is it, which one is it? Oh! And now, the show, this thing antidote to those liberal, meeting their distortions of our government. It's the West Texas Wing. Good morning, Mr. President. Oh, I did! What's got there? The list of gifts we accepted from Crupid Loveys Jack Abramoth. We have to give them all back, sir. Huh! What's on the list? Well, sir, I hate to be the one to tell you, but your X-Box is on here. Really? Oh, well. Oh, nice, sir. You're taking it well. Hey, between you and me, I could never figure out how to turn it on. What else? Uh, my new pacemaker. Uh-oh! Wait, where's the surgery? It's a lot of morning, sir. Good luck with that. Well, I got to watch some presidential letters and stuff, so maybe... Hey, where the X-Miopod? And that's one of the Abramoth gifts we had to give back, Mr. President. What? But, but how can I work without my favorite tunes? I don't know what. Okay, okay, you're going to have to fill in, Dick. Uh, but, let's see if I don't figure it out. Okay, Jamie. Sugar. Uh, honey. More like that, but, dear. Spare my square plate. I am a big game. I did not get it. Come back next time for a fair event. Come pass us a conservative view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas Way. Oh! There's something around with all today. I don't know what it is. Oh! Something's over there. I'm dying out of here. It's a game of things in this way. I got those in here. Shall I know, sir, man? There you go, God! Oh! So, when we ask you to go and know over to see aerosmith with Jeff Cohen. You guys are going to get stolen before the concert. And go over and have a good time. That's right. And then afterwards, the Orchee. Really, you and Jeff and you and Ponytail and Al Goldstein. And Jeff Rimmer, I'm pretty concerned. Come on. He wanted a piece of that. I'm bringing the Weston. Environment and crisis were passed upon in O'Ree turn by Michael McCarthy and the Environment and the Irvine dependent online. Thirty years ago, the scientists James Lovelock worked out that the Earth possessor planetary scale control system, which kept the environment fit for life. He called it, why do you say a G-A-A-A-Daya? Okay. Goya? Goya? And the theories become widely accepted. Now, he believes mankind's abusive environment is making that mechanism work against us. He's astonishing conclusion that time it changes already insoluble and life on earth will never be the same again. Oh, my God. Our world has already passed upon and our return for climate change. And civilizations, as we know, it is unlikely to survive according to James Lovelock. And for finally pessimistic new assessment published in the independent yesterday, Professor Lovelock suggests that efforts to counter global warming cannot succeed in then in fact, it's already too late. Oh, my God. The world in human society faced disaster, we were six then. And on a faster timescale than almost anybody realized he believed. He writes before this century, his over billions of us will die. And the new, a few breeding pairs of people that survived will be in the Arctic where the climate remain tolerable. Oh, it's going to be like, toasty there, eh? Like, bombing in 68 in the Arctic. That sounds like, well, let's say by the end of the century, and with 2006, we're all going to be dead anyway, right? Right. Any minute on? We don't have, like, any embryos listening? Right. Even a punk like Josh took to the end of the century. It's like 94 years away. Yeah, that's the first year of China living about 115, forget about it. I'm wondering about it. Because that's basically what our leaders are doing after an African-American body. That word, right? Right. This is the whole article's on our website. It's well worth reading. It's long. I'm not going to read it. And I just think I'm not going to go into this thing about today. I'll save it for tomorrow. And the air, the whole audience will turn on us. And you will, too. But what you've heard this before, studies says low calorie died. Keeps your heart young. And we've always poo-pooed that calorie counting thing in a lifetime. But more and more of these studies have found out that lower calories, people, between 41 and 64 years of age, who consume 14, under the 2000, and then spiritually balanced calories, live a lot longer. About 15 years longer, a bit of spit out that pizza. Well, man, I'm not reading this for a minute. There's a little bit of a killer working and take a heart function, a much younger people, about 15 years younger than the rate. I like that. So if you want to be all hard. Count the calories, baby. And all those meal rotters. I'll save the food. I'll save the food. I'll save the food. I'll save the food. God. I'll go to the ramp. Oh. Let's up you some more three years. Let's read nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat, sweet, perfect. I don't care if they're from my righteousness. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game. Oh, in the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who saved. What's the worst thing about religion? Those are full quotes in 1938. See, we can have made a thousand easy, you know? If we'd opposed it, we'd take the calories 313. I'm 10, the rate on the square, and the square is 575. It's all bullshit, 157. Heech people, stupid ones, nothing. We need a badly 63. The God squad, 6.7% of this otherwise entubbed in ground. All of these things. Oh my God. 41. In peace, scientific progress, 35, we're raised to a time and money, 23. Encourages over population 16. And I hate these pools, solmentate, Ocho. Bye, bye, bye! But it comes to sports. So what do you know? So what do you know? We've been to the authority of the... ...for the... ...for the... ...for the... ...for the... ...for the... ...for the... ...the... ...the... ...for the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the...