Hey, it's almost out of here and time to bring Neil in from north of the border tomorrow. Yeah. What's up? How you doing? It's Wednesday. It's woodbind day. Ah. I hear that echo in the back. What the was that? I don't know. Anyway, my chat with Julius today for about a half an hour. What a great guy. Man, like I did, I tell you we've been released from Death Row. Great, sure today. Well, good for him. Anyway, I talk with you a little bit yesterday too. Yep. It's going to be a guy. Yep. Radio guy. Radio guy. Sales oriented. Right. Not interested in any charity cases in the building. No. Oh. Yeah. In other words, more like business than we ever have been. You know, we've been too much monkey business last day years. I think we're like real business. Like a radio business. Business. Things like that. Got a couple of good articles on Sam Alito here. Yeah. Boy, yeah. I'll get to him. That's not a good thing. You know, that Lindsey Graham, a little a Yahoo redneck from a South Carolina. That's on the committee. Did you do hear a committee? He was one of the people coaching Alito in the White House, which is totally illegal, by the way. Yeah. And he's got a hold on. His nomination is illegal. Yeah. It is a whole bunch of hanky panky behind there. But the bottom line is, you know, people want to waste their time watching their exercise. Go ahead. But it's the fixes already in. And then I'm a cratser, you know, but it would be pretty good. And a lot of Maran's going to tough questions like always. And then when push comes to show. And I get this 20 or 22 votes against and he'll give confirmed. And there goes, you know, Roe V Wade. And there goes a lot of your freedoms right down the toilet. You know, I'll push that there. Ripping a Democrats for ripping the people or critical of the war. Still, and to see the whole thing. You know, you could pick up last year's newspapers. You see this thing that you're reading this year. That's correct. And that's because the media goes along with it. Most of the 90 percent of the mainstream media just a bunch of shields. They're all in his pocket anyway. So what's the use? And now that they're going to like to conserve it of government in Canada. It's just, these people also want a little taste. A little taste of fascism, I guess, is that what everybody likes. You know, just dabble in it for a while. Assuming that you're going to be able to get out of it. So you're going to want to find a staff in there? Yes sir, to a clock straight up and down. I'll be out that door, man. You called me on my way. Huh? Gulf stream is running today. Well, there you go. Go over to Carter and punch your guts out. I think I'll pass today. Why is that? Always the racing you've called students so far. The stakes have been good. Yeah. I'm talking about the food. I'm talking about the, oh yeah. The stake races are good. Yeah. The rest of it has been, was been in the past very ordinary. Mm-hmm. Lots of cheat climbers made and raised. That's what it is. When did you, I think you and Gulf stream had a falling out about the same time. I guess they had something. They just had to not stage great racing over the land. Or not like they used to. Or great concerts either, you know. Well, they're out of the concert. But when are we going to bring back Johnny Meister on the Brooklyn Bridge one last time? No, there's no concerts today. I know of this year. Yeah. Well, they probably don't have anywhere to hold them now. Well, they get plenty of space. Do they? Yeah. I think I actually was a little bit one day. I want to see, well, what, what's they get to slots? Of course, most of my slotting will be a pomp and a park. But I think one of the slots in 4M will be spectacular. Well, there you go. It will. Although you said it'll be spectacular, but I mean, they're limited to, isn't it? 1500? Yeah. But I mean, the facility is going to be beautiful. Right. And by the way, 50 families, nobody think that's a really small number. I mean, it's not what they would have liked, but 1500 machines, my ex says, because with mine's got 1700, it's pretty big. It's heavy duty. Yeah. I mean, at no point you ever go in there and see, although I will say this two weeks ago today, the Wednesday between like right after Christmas and boxing they hear, that whole week between Christmas and New Year's. And a little, if I would have realized there would never go in there. Man, you could really get a machine of any kinder. That place was just jam packed at week, because most people, you know, take that whole week off. And so that place was just hoppin'. How do you like to have an A? If tax free accounts somewhere in Jerusalem, the revenue that they took in on that one day. Wow. Unbelievable. Just cranking it out. I would like to have a tax free account. Anyhow. Like Ted Erson. Oh, let's not get back on adding up. Don't want to do that. That's enough for that. I still say, man, I talk about all this corruption going on for crying out loud. Can you imagine the amount of money that's been smeared in the legislature and elsewhere to keep gambling out of Florida? And I'm not just talking about this lot. I'm talking about over the years. You know, I've had to have just been on the ballot. The money that's been spent unsuccessfully to bring gambling in. Yeah. I bet you're some more. Mmm. Maybe upfront. Lots of money. Lots more upfront. But not behind the scene. Lots of money has been swine. And that means man, it's getting smeared really good. What's that guy that's still fighting the one guy that we found. I was a total phony up in Orlando fighting against the slots that he wants to put it on a ballot again. They're disguised on a payroll with the Indians. I can tell you that there are people in business in Nevada who have been spending a lot of money in this day trying to get gambling here. Mmm. Ain't gonna happen. Well, let me ask you this question. You're saying ain't gonna happen once the Indians get clans 3 and I can't see anywhere they can keep that out. What's to prevent somebody else from doing it? Because they won't pass a law for it. They based on what? They can put in slots with I'm talking about, you know, four casinos with blackjack and and roulette. Mmm. Nice. Nice. I think it's about some time somebody made the Fed as governor or an offering camera fuse, you know. Cut the crap already. Can you imagine? I don't care what anybody says, you know what? I don't want to. I think that's a good idea. And you know what? I've got to suggest. Yeah. We take them out to, you know, like the ranch. Yeah. Put something in this drink. Let them wake up in a bloody bed. Oh, that's bad. That's bad. And it's on my time now too. That's really bad. Well, it seems to work. I mean, with a hooker like that Senator from Nevada. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Our offstanding righteous governor with his very functional family there. Let me tell you the Corly Own, the family. Yeah. My offer to you is this, Senator. Nothing. He even talks like, Jim. Who's that? The Corly Own, the family. Go back to the days of rash of you. Yeah. Yeah. He was a good old boy. Yeah. Oh, well, until he got in bed with that hooker. Well, I love it. He was who she was like an illegal alien stuff like that. Maybe we should get the governor's son when it's like always having Hanky, Panky problems, you know, booze and rods and all that stuff. Yeah, that family is a little dysfunctional. It's good that we got a good religious righteous family up there with her. Christian, you know, jails and Christian education and Christian, Christian, Christian, corruption, it's great. Yeah. Wife is smuggling. Yeah. That's right. Everybody in the family is dysfunctional. Hey, Ray. Yeah. Don't lose too much of color today. You know, I don't think I'm going to come on. Come on. You've got to feed the abrid man. You're a horse owner and lover. You've got to go out there and feed the breed. They got to need. Ha ha ha ha. You're convincing. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, Mr. We lost company. I'm going to go out there and probably lose my answer. It's such a good day on Saturday and I'm not going to happen again. Yeah. I had a good day Sunday. I'd like to keep it for a few days. And then on Monday, I got off for Martin Luther King Day on Monday. I'm taking that day off. Are you working Monday or not? No, I'm going to take off, uh, well, that president is saying. That's good. We don't want, we want to like balance it out. We don't want to be like, uh, during all those holidays. Yeah. It was suggested to me that it would be a good idea if I did that since I got it. Really? We're taking off. They're actually taking a look at things like that here. Yeah. What's not amazing. Once the last time that somebody came to you and said, we have these two days, uh, company, uh, deal here. You can take either one off, which one do you want? I mean, what one did that ever happen before? I mean, what is it? I just a matter of like two weeks or a week and a half, something like that. We got a new GM and all of a sudden the whole agenda has changed. The whole approach like a real, uh, like, like people count. You know, well, it does seem to be some attention to detail. Yeah. Attention to people, as opposed to just the people in a certain way. I'm going to say something. You should see the way that sales department, yeah, is a buzz. Oh, I would imagine. I mean, yeah, the last couple years you walk over there and you could drop a bomb and you might wake a couple people up. Yeah. Now, line to the Godfather house, Paul. Oh, Paul. We won't see him. Yeah. Well, that's the same with the several of those people in sales right now. They are hustling. Don't see them normal. They'll be out the door. I noticed last two days the log is just jam packed with real spots. What's that all about? Not only that. Like, I do my NCAA basketball preview show with all those coaches every year. Yeah. The sales manager actually asked me for background information on it. He spoke to you. Yeah. Well, they used to just sell one thing at a time. Yeah. They weren't able to sell more than one thing at a time. But now there's Raymond Burr actually spoke to you. Two months in advance of the show. This respectful thing you've said about him on the year. Two months in advance of the show they're going to try to sell it. Wow. That's revolutionary. What are your right? They're scoring a roundman like a bunch of busy beavers back there because they know that Their their days may be numbered in single digits if they don't cut the cramp. So let's bring those spots in. Some so glad to hear the Greg is in a building. Maybe you can witness what a real radio operation is like. Oh, head for colder now. Are you really? I gotta do something to get out of here. There you go. Head over to colder. Head yourself to the good food. Say hi to my friend Mickey. I will. I have a nice shot. Mickey asked for you all the time. Well, tell her I send my best. But I think she's a ghosting. Well, whatever. She's in the same spot for a message in the comments. The words to learn to handle them. Okay. Have a good day. Good luck. Tons your guts out. You too. Don't be afraid. Step right up. Okay. See you. For more sign those live. So next week on ABC. It's the Duke's dog's home. Write a log with those two zitty helicopters. Join me in time. Is there hot-up for TV Marty? The genital V. Throw down your basket. Motely going diving. How's it going? Hot-ratt. I can't stand and see how the gunman is. Watch the boots out with boss bomb. Head of condos security. Hey, you get hit with my japhols and got to Zorin. I'm taxable. I still hope I'm dead. Yeah, come on. Let's go to school. Let's bring Jay to you. Yeah. He lets me use a board of high. Take a lesson here to get a good long life. Or I don't want to see him. I don't like him. I got to think a card and you're some kind of hot-ratt guy. The Duke's involved in all Thursdays at 9. On NBC. 11 after 10, good morning. It's Wednesday, January 11. Happy Wednesday, too. Things are really looking up. And that's amazing how we all have this kind of like a lint in our step. Or something like that. A little spring in our thing. Nothing like that. Anyway, it's already time for that first break. Why don't we do this? Get all backed up. Hope Hank wins at least 2-3,000 out of quarter this afternoon. I'm going to try to do the same. We'll spread it around. And don't forget you got that movie coming a day now. I didn't forget. If I keep having good days of woodmine, I can keep going on Amazon.com And it's almost like for free when you can't write down. It's a bar good. What's that movie? Primals fear. Jeb Richard gear. Rimes with. Rimes with the steer. No, I wouldn't steer you wrong. And I wouldn't. And speaking that, I think you'll agree with me after you watch it. That he was just fine. And then he did a good job. He can't act with this. And I know seriously after the first human, it's you forget that it's him. That's the only saving aggression that he. Huh? That's extra good. No, that that's why it's a good movie. Because if you keep thinking about it, it's Richard gear and I can't stand that creep. Uh, then you can't enjoy the movie. You're like it. But be sure and watch it all the way through to the very end. Because you think, you know, there's a point comes that you think is the end. And it's not. From a set to ten, it's five sixty wq a m. It's that. The you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're all prepared. That's not how to. To count. To count. To count. To count. To count. There's not more strength. To count. Out. Outside there. Charge. Rags. Way back then. And it's a Christian. Wash. Reds. We're dead. As you die. With man's legs. Wrap. Oh, round them. We have a great time, we have a great food. The food is packed from the country station. With the boat is to the boat. There's been another thing how boys do. Shockwave was married. His name was Henry O'Ran. He wrote for their Pat Valentine's to free me cowboy crimes. On Saturday, come downtown, where somehow we're on past no line. You're fair. Ten eighteen to five sixty, nobody can hear the pool. I got myself all back in this because we're so far ahead on the pools now. I give the result of the day before we got the new one on there. We already did the one that's been paid for. Oh man, I thought this was the one for tomorrow. Oh no, the one for tomorrow is going to be under about eleven eleven thirty. You're going to like the one for tomorrow. Have you looked at it yet? No. You can click on where it says history there. No, don't change it heavy. No, I don't even want to risk it. Oh wait, you're like it. I like this one. I thought this was good. We had a lot of fun with the two for like about the first twenty minutes. It was alright. What do you miss most about your childhood? We got about sixteen hundred votes. Having no worries, three hundred and seventy six. And of course, most of these are for people that had good childhoods. Or at least decent ones or something good to remember. The other one will be doing on Friday. People had a crappy childhoods and hated like poison. Having no worries, three seventy six, summer vacation, one sixty one. No bills to pay, one forty six. What I've said you Josh, I totally did that move up there nicely. Almost got a number two on it. There you go. In fact, on my sheet here, I do have a number two on it. My old neighborhood, one twenty two and plain sports, one twenty two. How about plain sports in the old hood? Saturn in morning cartoons, seventy five. At the canoes either in Rochester, New York. Oh God, there's rocket man. But you never really did see any of those commando coding movies. Yeah, they've replayed them. I forget what I was doing. Like night flight used to show a bunch of things like that. I really missed that show. They would go into like vintage, campy stuff like that. Yeah, it was great. But it really is most amusing. The fact that he's like such a slumpy guy. You know, probably got like an old sloppy ten-hour suit. But he chose on that suit with a magic button on it. And then that hood, that helmet. Saturday morning cartoons, seventy five. They were great. Sex without a condom, seventy two. My parents being healthy, sixty eight. Nothing. It sucks, sixty two. See I told you. Eating whatever you want, gaining nothing, fifty seven. Going to school instead of work fifty four, diddling my classmate, diddling my classmates. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Forty four, diddling. Freedom forty four. Baseball cards twenty six. Flip it him and buy in him and sniff in a bubble gum and chew in it and rip in your Keith out. Spankings twenty three. Ha ha ha ha ha. They enjoyed it. Little to their parents know that they were just that. That's probably why a lot of kids, lotting people were nasty and they were just doing all kinds of crappy stuff when you were just hoping you get spanked. You really are all of these things. Loved it. Return soda bottles for money eighteen. No deposit, no return. This is still say that in some stuff I guess it does. Yeah, but you know, that's the opposite. It was no bottles much anymore except for beer. What about coke? You still buy coke and bottle. Yeah, this is still hard. But it says it's what Noel Boe said. It's a it's a rarer anymore. Pinball machine seventeen. Common book sixteen, believing in Sandy Clause fourteen. Oh, that was so much fun, I guess. Halloween trick and treat and thirteen spring break twelve. See the Sandy Closting your parents lied to you about that because they were taught by their parents to lie about it. Just like the god stuff and the two theory stuff and all of these things. Spring break twelve. And those are the people remember the real good spring break. Free speech nine. Oh, how we loved that. He was school eight. Oh, me's been taught by marching bands five recess five. Let's see recess we said was when you go out and plan the school yard and stuff like that. Right. That this would use it. That is recess. I guess that was believe in God for bubble gum for Troy Snowballs two and my allowance. Solument they dose. A lot of cheap skate parents out there because nowadays you think that these punk how much did the kids get allowance now? Would you think like like teenagers how much allowance do they get 20 bucks a week? 20 bucks a hour. Yeah. Now that's of course they're doing chores for that. They are. Well, my dar. Now how much does it bring again for allowance? Twenty bucks a week. Twenty bucks a week and coming from a desk barato like you. That's right. Big books. That is big books. I got two articles on a leader when this whole dog and pony show that's going on. I'm just the spirit of Christ can tell me to read these before we do anything else. Although we will take the one call or because I know it's going to be real brief. 2 a.m. Hello. Neil. Speaking of Ed Norton movie, you ever seen Cyclope? I wouldn't watch that. I saw like about two minutes so it would look ten times. It's such a great so man. It looked the list of purpose. I mean Brad Pitt and Fight Club. Well, it's got the same payoff like that move you're talking about with gear. That's right. Yeah. Huh. George keeps saying no in the background. I tried watching it and I saw like it's been on cable as it in times and I watch about two three minutes and I say what's the point in this you know I'm not for me. Well that's a great segue to my next question. Yeah. I have a great idea for a poll. Oh, we agree. What is it? Sweeper movies. Movies that you know you can just think about seeing you. I'm talking in the chat. Yeah. That's where they went away. You know like the movie crash. I just saw recently. I really wanted to see that so I got to go. Well anybody said it was good. Yeah. I had no interest in seeing that movie. All the sudden I watched it because I was born one day and it blew me away. It was amazing. Great. We didn't put that really. I think it all 10 ones like that. But let's do it again. Sling for movies. There you go. And I'll put crash right at the end of the list. Keep up the good work. Oh, we'll do it. All right. Now that we got like a real management. My one. What do we do? We do it. It's about fight club which I I really wanted to like that movie. Yeah. And I was liking it at two point. It's all hallucination. Well you just spoiled it. Yeah. For everybody. For everybody. Don't. Well I'm going to take you to the primal fear now. So they're not going to. I can't do that. I wouldn't do that to you. Thank you. I hate that that pisses you off. It's like one's a pun of time in America. Although in that one, at least you're left to speculate whether it was like a an opium trip. Here's the rubber senior was having a whether we all had stuff really happened. Since movies are fiction anyway, why say that it was all the dream or a hallucination. No, no, whatever was. Yeah. Hey noodles. And there's games. Would you want to pop. Pop. And took us. You know, see if he was really. Why did he say that so badly? A potion took us. Gee, I don't know. Maybe it's just a bad actor. What do I mean? A legal and his coaches. This is in the village voice. For Supreme Court nominee, the hearings are an inside game. In the first hours of San Toledo Senate confirmation hearings on Monday, due to here, we're committing member Lindsey Graham, the Republican senator from South Carolina. May very well have a reparably compromised himself. Maybe this is why, if I can enter Jack Russ Fyngold, kept asking to leave a yesterday about what didn't he get coached by anybody in the White House, did they tell him what to say? That's must be what he was referring to. That's the hearing. Graham told the lead, don't nominee for the Supreme Court that he had already decided in the lead of Stavor. I don't know what kind of what you're going to get, but you'll make it through. It's possible he could talk me out of voting for you, but I doubt it. So I won't even try to challenge you along those lines. That's certainly ought to be the case. Graham is one of a group of Republicans who've been coaching the lead. He'll be behind the scenes. The Wall Street Journal's Washington Wire reported before the hearings began. Last Thursday, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, one of the gang of 14 of the sons of judiciary, joined a so-called move court session at the White House. The coaching session for the lead was raised a few eyebrows. Coaching a judicial nominee behind the scenes is not the proper role for a judiciary committee member who most subsequently, most subsequently sitting judgment on that nominee right, Sting Progress, a project of the American Progress Action Fund. It could be a violation of the ethical duties of a senator. Writing about the lead of situation, Sting Progress writes Senate rule 37 of the Senate Ethics Manual. The rule says, no member officer or employee shall engage in any outside business or professional activity or employment for compensation, which is inconsistent or in conflict with the conscientious performance of official duties. Sting Progress further starts the ethics manual saying that language has been interpreted as prohibiting compensated employment or uncomplicated positions on boards, commissions or advisory councils, where such service could create a conflict with individual senators, due to appropriation oversight authorization or legislative jurisdiction as a result of Senate duties. If this is true, how can Graham make an impartial decision about a lead or based on what he learns about a lead or what they're hearing? Scrams already made up his mind. He was coaching him and he's sitting there like that and impartial law is going to judge for America. How do you like that? Nothing most of them have made up their minds, but this is right. Way above and beyond a call of duty, if I can say that, can I say duty? No, we can now. So, greats in a building. Great. You're gonna just like remember what Michael gave Fredo that kiss on the lips. Oh, and we got five, you remember the kiss of death? That was the one. I don't see what's on under. What is that under? GF. No, I know that. She's got all my jeep. Don't ever take signs with anyone against the family. No, that was... I know. There you go. You broke my heart. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I thought you'd run this game so, exactly. Oh, it's half of the break, dammit. And then the other one about the Alito Testimotive you won't hear by Stephen Ardue Jack, who was supposed to testify, and he got blown out, and I'll tell you why in a second. About that, well, I'm going to get to it. CAP. That Princeton organization? Did a lot of blacks, either in there, I should just mention that. 27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQA, if you're in a dead end job, if you feel like you've been underpaid badly, if your new user's resolution is to get you a life in a high-paying career that'll make that possible, act now. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1, 866, fast train. Fast train will get you train already for a great new high-paying career just a few short months, that's all it takes. You can get yourself a new high-paying career in a life in just a few short months. The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now, as I speak, is at an all-time high. Fast train offers you convenient day, evening and weekend classes, job placement, assistance and financial aid for people who qualify. So pick up that phone and call fast train toll free at 1, 866, fast train. Fast train placed over 100 people just like you in 2005, so check fast train out on the web at fasttrain.com. And act now in order to obtain that new high-paying career because fasts are for an up real fast. Don't miss that train of opportunity this year. Quit working for peanuts, get yourself a big fat paycheck and a life that will go along with having that cash. Call toll free, this year make your new user resolution a reality by calling fast train at 1, 866, fast train. So this is a new router. This is 516, 866. 4. 4. You're a great lifter. Yeah. You're going to do the math day yourself. Yeah, why is that? Take a life in math. I've got so much to do here. You're going to do math. It's a lovely pattern, right? I got a man that built that nose of how great the CEO is. He's a lovely, talented guy. He lives in my downout pair, my show blow. I guess I find something else to talk about. He's a man that's going forward. How about women and housing staff? Can I take you now? Yeah. Kiss my book. Kiss my book. Kiss my book. I'm like, I don't get hungry. I like your my tenets. And assume a penalistic state. I can't stand the player's approval of the talent of his dad. They might want some at the same school. They're a little bit over the day. I've got a miss next to going home to play. He's on a map to get a lovely field now. He gave me a nice view. I've got so much to do in math and life. Can you want to please me? I don't know. I've got a whole for that one to play. 1033. Finally, after all of those snacks, he finally got one. And I heard. 27 before 11 speaking of the mole myster. He was the only one who took the scepton to know. Don't you fret about that. He'll be here with the elected or not. Four flocks had some ad dog for three solid hours of mad dog mania. Seven o'clock. He came hotline at Bernie Coast. Our steak. The beast had Bernie's in nine and I'd be sure to watch what he's eating. Okay. In fact, he better bring his sacquit on the Bernie's. And any kids in a clock tonight. Anyway, Stephen R. Dojack graduated from Princeton and covered cap for the University's alumni magazine from 76 to 86. He writes, in 21st century Washington fame doesn't last for 15 minutes anymore. Last for a single news cycle. There's a big press release. Next morning, the major news paper spread your name right. But by noon, the drug report runs a shotgun blast of half truths in any windows. And by evening, pundits are sifting through your entrails on CNN and Fox. Can citizen participation and governments survive the advent of the internet search engine? Late last Thursday, Patrick Lehi, the ranking Democrat on Senate Judiciary Committee. Issue to list of witnesses to testify with the Democrats on San Melitos nomination of the Supreme Court. I was on that list. A mirror writer with a bachelor's degree among all the distinguished household names. But by the end of the day Friday, I was nonetheless any more. I had been scheduled to testify as an expert on an organization called Concerned Alumni of Princeton. In 1985, on an application for a promotion in the Reagan Justice Department, a member of the United States, who had touted his membership in Cat, which had a post-coviducation in Princeton, and asked for strict code as limiting the numbers of women and minorities at the university. Alito's membership in the group could shed light on his respect for civil rights. So how to put what happened to me? I felt like Joey on friends when he finally went to roll on the soap opera. He could walk proudly, head held high among his more accomplished peers. But then his soap opera character fell down on an elevator shaft, written out of the show because the scriptwriter was anointed something Joey said in another context. In my case it was an LA Times-op-ed article I wrote. In animal's separate perpetual holocaust, 2003, I defended PETA, people for the ethical treatment of animals for using your quote of my grandfather's. Unlike me, my grandfather was a famous man, Isaac for service singer, who would escape the anti-Semitism in Europe in 1935, and woman of Elp Prisvaled, returned 78. My grandfather, a principal vegetarian, famously wrote, in relation to animals, all people are Nazis for them as an eternal troublemaker. Three years ago, PETA built a campaign around that quote, but critic charged that the words were not really Isaac's only those of one of his characters. My opheil article affirmed that from my personal knowledge Isaac felt that way, that the cattle car reality effect reforming compared to the holocaust died with him. In the air of the search engine, no good or bad deed goes unpunished. Then again, perhaps I should take pride in being ridiculed by a US Senator John Corn and Republican at Texas. It seems like a little bit of desperation to call a witness his only a pernex expertise is comparing meat-eaters to those who stood by doing the holocaust according to spokesman said. The Washington Times led with a freelance reporter who compared the holocaust to eating meat, a right-wing blog bloated, latest democratic charge, Alito Zacarnahor. I haven't found an account from the right that I mentioned Isaac or his quote. As it turned out, hundreds of decent arable holocaust victims in the families were deeply disturbed by the original as saying I have apologized public for it, and Apology are re-edirrated right here. Sometimes using an extreme example to make a point is a bad idea, sometimes a quote really doesn't belong in a new context, too bad my latest attackers don't give it. Bill Bradley, Princeton, Texas 65, Future Democratic Senator, quit cap and discussed within a year after was founded in 72, Bill Frist, Texas 74, Future Republican Senate Majority Leader, publicly censored the organization, but capsified to become more anti-woman anti-minoid. In 1984, year before Alito probably proclaimed his membership, caps magazine had published details of an underage female student sex life and named her allegedly by mistake. A few issues before that in a piece about blacks and Latinos, the magazine editorialized, people nowadays just don't seem to know their place. In response to questions about capitalito has proclaimed his field-teach American principles of equality, but when he had a chance to make a real statement, back when cap was spreading its poison, he boasted a being a member. That's the story that should have gotten its 15 minutes this week, but you won't hear about it for me. How do you like that? So here's a guy that was supposed to testify, but you won't hear about it from him. God forbid. So we know what this is, but of all his protestations and but it would be this whiny piece of right wing turrets sitting there right now. We know what he is, he's just not a good-to-car carrying Nazi, a Reagan Nazi abortion Nazi, that's all he is. So all the naive folks out there would think, oh he's okay. He's like they take a pull before the hearing's even started, they take a pull on CNN and Gallup. Oh well 52% of Americans think that he should be confirmed based on what? They would know, San Alito, if he came knocking on a door at three in the morning in a bathroom, they know who the hell he is, or what he stands for, but he believes in it boosts chosen than he's a good idea. Yeah, of course they also asked if he wants to undo a roe-be-way, he should have been confirmed. He confirmed 56% said no, but of course that was kind of like the secondary pull we saw at the end of that piece. Brother. I just got a pretty good pilot, I'm just a plower right on through it, make you happy. Yeah, I have an at a plow through the pile day in quite a while. A pile in a while, you're gonna have to pile in a while? Just a small... I'm not talking about piles. Oh, no, not those kind of... I see. I think that love to clock out change the fold of the one-foot of moral. Hahaha. Oh, when the hell did I start this, why and why, why did I do this? Cuz I mean if it's confusing to me, well what the hell difference is it makes it out instead and gives it a crap. They don't care what it's a one-foot a day, and he doesn't have like a label on it. Don't label me, don't label me! Don't you love that line? I just, especially from gay closet people. Don't label me. Okay, you fair. Oh, sorry. You all change the pool at 11 o'clock Okay, here's what we got 1642 votes on this now. What you missed most about your childhood? How about cotton candy? Well, it's too late to add any more on cuz I'm getting rid of this. How about cotton? How about the like Well, we always said amusement parks, but yeah, I can't build the fair right the golly of Phil Elephant ears cotton candy all that yeah, oh boy sure Miss cotton candy candied apples Having no worries 386 summer vacation 167 no bills to pay 150 playing sports 127 my old hood 123 Saturday morning cartoons 78 six without a condom 74 my parents being healthy 70 nothing it sucked 69 eating whatever you want in gaining no weight 59 going to schools that are worth 56 dilly my classmates and oh look at that Eric finally changed the spelling just before we take this up Well, dialing was doing pretty well. You can imagine how well buildings gonna do Did we in my classmates 46 free freedom ever dialed your classmates? No 345 baseball cards 26 spanking 23. I sure would like to have did a lot of my classmates for oh Well, return soda bottles for money 21 comic books 18 pinball machine 17 and boy It was nothing when you were going to school had a good machine mine I Believe in Santa Claus 16 spring break 13 Halloween trick and treating 13 Hebrew school nine Oivey free speech nine amusement parks five not what anybody miss going to Hebrew school Kind of stupid if you ask me the parties the baves that would be like Catholic sing you'll miss a being abused by the by the father Amusement parks five marching bands five recess five believing in God for Bubble gum for throwing snowballs two in my allowance only two and I still say well the throwing snowballs means they don't miss the snow No snow here by the way should point that out here now. There's not a flake There's many flakes downtown especially on young street spares and change mr But other than that they ain't no flakes not no snow In fact, it would be 45 today. There is no such thing as global warming just keep that in mind That's what's gonna be 45 degrees in Toronto today on the 11th of January That kind of shocking that I'm complaining you understand, but it's a little bit strange But it gets to be like 147 in Miami then you'll start maybe some of you'll start coming around you There's something a little strange going on over here You know, of course, by that time probably all of Florida be underwater anyhow right Don't worry about those polarized gas melding it's just just be water 142 we'll just all drink a lot more that's all just drink a lot more water Water's supposed to be really good for us right for a drink in some there Resolvers up to a bitter night sleep in 2006 by making at one easy call. I've been telling you about for years 1-800 mattress I've been calling these folks for a long time and you ought to be doing the same Nothing's got a big impact on the way you feel every day in your productivity and getting a good sound night sleep And you can get one as soon as the night on a great new mattress and dial a mattress if you make that call right now 1-800 mattress if your mattress is more than 10 years older with sagging or lumpy or bumpy or just worn out from all that activity on it It's time for a new one choose them the complete line of all the top names like cili and service Simmons King cool Stewards and Foster who would an even tempered pedic The bottom mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle the Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers I'd like to be known for years and years They make it a library offer to you that's un-matable you pick the date into our library window when you want your mattress The liver ones convenient for you and they show up 99.7% of the time on time I've been using like I said for years and most of the cucumbers are doing the same in you ought to be too Start to know you're off of the great new mattress from bottom mattress Don't put up getting a better night's sleep one more minute pick up that phone right now That'll be not found you during even by the end of the day if you like a give me call tool for you at 1-800 mattress or log under their website Metros.com you can do your mattress shopping right there dial a mattress 1-800-MATT-RES leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous Sensational saving Is Neil Rogers This is by 16 Well that a consultant Little iron full of day romance They wear a case sandwich and they wear tight hands grass on drens up a bottom every day Blessed with a miracle of being days for very best of credit in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way A very best of credit in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way Oh Join the big twist to just a field please you choice of the bags of America 1047 I wonder what Sam will eat all we're thinking about that Well, I was way I got I just got some important stuff here today There might actually be 20 or 30 people out there with IQ larger than their thumbnail who might care about these things NSA whistle moral edges illegal spying Oh my god, what he likes that oh no Russell tice A long time insider with the National Security Agency is now a whistleblower the agency would like to keep quiet For 20 years, Tice worked in the shadows as he helped the US by another people's conversations around the world I specialize in what's called special access programs Tice set of his job. We called them black world programs and operations But now Tice tells ABC news that some of those secret black world operations run by the NSA were operated ways that he believes violated the law He's prepared in telcon was all he knows about the ledge wrong doing these programs run by the defense department of National Security Agency me postbound 11 efforts to go after terrorists at least allegedly the mentality was we need to get these guys We're gonna do whatever takes to get him. He said Tice says the technology exists to track and sort to every domestic international phone call as They were switched to such the center such as one in New York and the search to search for keywords or phrases that a terrorist might use Like when a bomba Grande, oh, did I say that? Oh If you picked the word G had out of a conversation Tice said they technology exists that you focus in on that conversation and you pull out of the system for processing Like cheese like processed cheese Don't you look when it says on the label processed cheese product food? Which means there ain't no real change right? Like some cheese food right? We're gonna touch it chemicals that looks incantated orange and can taste a little like cheese By cheese right According to Tice intelligence analyst using information developed graph that resembles spiderwebs linking one suspect's phone number to hundreds or thousands even more President owner he goes crack in his knuckles again. I just heard that yeah knuckles are Rodriguez a Ha ha ha ha ha ha no President forces admitted that he gave orders that allow the NSA to eavesdrop on a small number of Americans well to usual Representative war it's a small number maybe you know 20 30 million But Tice decision raises he says the number of Americans subject to eavesdropping by the NSA could be in the millions If the full range of secret NSA programs is used in the millions That would mean for most Americans that if they conducted or you know placed no overseas communication more than likely They were sucked into that vacuum tice said So like when I was an answer them I made a phone call and they might have been eavesdropping that's why didn't make too many phone calls from Amsterdam That's why I was cooking bad that black there even no George is a mom when he's got to be a fair traffic Yeah, it asked kick the same day the New York Times broke the story of the NSA eavesdropping without orange Tice surface as a whistleblower in the agency totally received news that he was a source of the times reporters But Tice maintains that his conscience is clear as far as I'm concerned as long as I don't see anything That's classified. I'm not worried he said me. Yeah, don't worry be happy We need to clean up the intelligence committee. We've had abuses. They need to be addressed the NSA We've worked tire security clearance in May of last year based on what it called Psychological concerns and later dismissed him Tice calls that bunk and says that's the way the NSA deals with troublemakers and whistleblowers Today the NSA said it had no information to provide Their mom they understand a word. I don't like that the same thing with Richard Clark and with the Apollo Neil Everybody else all while you know on your use classified information in that book we might have to throw his ass in jail and all of a sudden We'd ever heard one more word from me and I was saying Every right exactly all of a sudden he was mom and Little more on the NSA See you know, this is the problem is that most of us are so naive you know We believe no people are conditionally and all with the church tells you is true What your parents said you is true with the government a government would never lie to you Because after all we're here to protect you and to take care of you right and The rape you and give all your money to a big group of corporations. That's over here for and to pollute the environment if that's what's good for big business National security agency mounted masses spy up on Baltimore peace group document show remember that peace in fear in 911 Those cookie eating no old cockers after I send the ego Oh, yeah, honey terrors there. Right Nile national security agency has been spying on a Baltimore anti-war group according to documents released during litigation Going so far to document the inflating of protesters balloons and intended to deploy units trained to detect weapons of mass destruction raw story has learned According to the documents the tent of resistance Baltimore a quaker-linked peace group And we know about how dangerous those quakers are especially when the feeling their oaths Has been monitored by the NSA working with the Baltimore intelligence unit the Baltimore city police department every quickers oaths Oh, yeah sure really you know we've all been Like a mouchy, you know sure is real mouchy. I don't have a lot of really like rule I think it's cruel the feed kids grew. Don't you know what is it butter and brown sugar? What's your credit that a quaker oaths? Yeah to make it Edible all good. Well, you have to worry about eating it for long because you'll be dead pretty soon anyway if you keep doing that Well, what is the business with brown sugar? Why is that supposed to be so much better? It's still those same poison? It just has a flavor rather than a tater loss of meat right? The documents came as a result of litigation in the August 2003 trial of Maryland Carlisle and Cindy far-quar Farcure-harr. Well, I'll not gonna try it again careful and NSA security official provided the defendants with a we-debted action plan may be dented copy of a joint terrorism task force email about the activities of the types of resistance activities The NSA established in 52 by President Truman is the largest and most secret of US intelligence agencies Headquartered between Baltimore and Washington DC the agencies got two principal functions to protect US government communications and to intercept foreign transmissions However the NSA's United States signals intelligence directive 18 strictly prohibits the intercept your collective information about US persons entities Corporations or organizations without explicit written permission from the attorney general The revelation that a Baltimore peace group was spied upon comes in the wake of news reports the agency's also been Eavesdropping on US the agency did not return to call a request or comment The Baltimore pledge of resistance is part of the National Iraq Tiger resistance which worked with the Baltimore emergency We spots network in American friend service committee part of an National group committed to nine violence Resistance to stop the war in Iraq The pledge lobbies Maryland Congress members via letters phone calls facts as emails and face-to-face meetings Members of the group are periodically arrested for peaceful protests Documents turned over by the NSA in the case that the group was closely monitored in one instance the agency File reports approximately every 15 minutes from 9.30 a.m. to 3.18 p.m. on the David demonstration at the National vigilance airplane memorial on the NSA campus in Maryland According to an NSA email David July 4, 2004 how patriotic the agency collected license numbers and descriptions at the number of people in each car and Found a report about them gathering in a church parking lot for the demonstration NSA agents also logged their travel to demonstration including stopping as again at a gas station along the way a K9 dog unit was used to search a mini van when it was stopped on the way to the demonstration of course nothing was found Maybe a little dog food Maybe some doggy treats. Hope it was that dilidated. Oh Geez NSA officials even reported on the balloons being inflated for the demonstration the content of their signs Study like that. They're blowing up balloons. Gotta know as they might explode in them and these might be weapons of ask destruction Give her sticker balloon and you're asked Just this morning. Well think about it An entry made a 1300 hours on July 4 reads the society was advised the sock what is that? Society the something was advised the protesters were perceived at the airplane Memorial with three hell a healing and balloons attached to a banner that stated Those who are seeing feeding for security deserve neither will ultimately lose both On the van administration three protesters were cited for disturbances on government poll property and release They federal is eventually dismissed the case before trial Two of those demonstrators max obazusky and Ellen Barfield are still scheduled for trial and Baltimore Federal court January 25 the defendants have filed a motion for discovery included the letter from the NSA acknowledging spying on the pledge The prosecutor's refuse releases information as part of discovery The defendants plan to argue that information is necessary for the defense The NSA confirmed because of a free information and a request I filed that indeed has files on peace and justice groups Abazusky said however the agencies refusing to release the information unless I pay 1915 bus what just might be in those files? I'd like that If extensive plans are described for the last day of October For 2004 demonstration bloodshed the NSA planned to have their weapons and mass destruction rapid response team on site an officer with the shotgun and increase a number of officers Mobile units moderately in parking lot robbing patrols on bicycles in various areas for keen on handlers Agency provide counter surveillance area lodged evacions by the air and our endell Maryland police and photography video surveillance unit the activities Shocking a polling and unnecessary is how the chair of the DC chapter of the National Lawyers The demonstration support can be marked goldstone describes the NSA actions Goldstone who often represents activists who engage in nonviolent civil disobedience is not counselless litigation This surveillance is completely unrelated to an even an expansive devination of national security How do you like that? And it goes on and on and on the vetoes on baby This is just exactly how the Gestapo work and how they're working right now They're open up your mail they're listening to your phone calls Monitor in your balloon blowing and probably other times is right name the rights master go in there exactly So congratulations all your virtual overjucking You know monitor a a county pink over Christ Open a county pink was male for Jesus Well guess what was on speaking of that last night the liver guess what will be on speaking of Jesus the passion of the oh Yeah Christ Ask me how many seconds that I watch How many seconds that you watch two That was a little bit of the channel. Oh your slope in your old age They had some a real fatty looking guy in her 10 57 and five 60 WK when drive concepts the best corporate Clayton company And the universe wants to make your life easier for a long time You're in the moth of January drive concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract Dry concepts maintenance contract offers you savings in real peace of mind enjoy the benefits of their planned corporate dry cleaning service Not only would you say 50% off the regular prices from dry concepts, but you'll also enjoy the end of benefit of knowing the dry concepts will be there when you need them Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach and steadily common clean dirty carpet approach Don't be fooled by those 1995 scan specials the lead your carpet soaked for days about treating the real problem It just make an a mess in your home. You made a big investment those carpets you're a post green drapey Let dry concepts protect that investment for a long time Dry concepts professional stamp is fully certified their service and standard on match that's five use them for long over 20 years in my homes So faith the way out of having your home sanitize all year long with dry concepts maintenance program column today toll free and date route in the palm beaches No scams no overpossed us to written guaranteed price up front and a stupidest job every time 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 around the wicked web log on to dry concepts This is the new Roger show Any questions don't miss this season's new as holiday special boy Bay Charlie Brown it's not pronounced on a cuff What kind of crazy pitch for this that that's not a pitch for you touch Charlie Brown That's a manure. Hey, hey, you'll love all the peanuts characters in this soon to be Jewish holiday class I just like to hear trade all only if I can have a bite of your kiss for I just don't understand all of this talk about Chanaka Boy, they probably brown Sponsored in park by goldbirds baked goods. No, actually it's Chanaka. I'd be like that Okay, it's 11. I want it's five 60 W 2M happy Wednesday 2. Okay. Here's the area file Italian at pool Which was really good yesterday, but it's it kind of lost its flavor like your chewing gum on the bed post overnight 1665. What you miss most about your childhood And did you also watch stick chewing gum like on the back on the headboard and the bed on the back of it? No, I would spit it out. Oh Well, sometimes I thought I was sticking chewing gum, but it's not Have you no worries three every 89 while sometimes a little that consistency and all the kind of two-ish or I'm having no worries 389 summer vacation 168 no bills to pay 1.50 playing sports 1.28 being a like a little jack My old hood 125 sex without a con I wonder if a San Malito had no old hood Or a new one. He wore sex without a condom 78 Saturday morning cartoon 78 My parents being healthy 72 before they begin ailing an experiment a real pin in the ass And maybe even died did it nothing it sucked my childhood sucks 71 The eating whatever you want and gaining nothing 63 going to school instead of work 57 freedom 47 Didly my classmates 46 baseball cards 26 spanking 23 Returning soda bottles for money 22 comic books 18 pinball machine machines mind 17 Believe in Santa Claus 16 spring break 13 Halloween trick and treating 13 Maybe we need to like go down to Jamaica, man, and bring up a whole bunch of pinball machines All right, it allowed them murdering the liquids off the streets give them something to give my good my sheenman keep them busy He bros school nine oh 3-speech nine amusement parts five marching bands five recess five believing in God for Bubble gum for throwing snowballs to a mile ounce two I see the fact that believing in God stuff you can you can interpret that anywhere you want But I'm not touching it because his adults now I'm actually they believe in God being part of that 96% of Americans have believed in fairytales Here's the new poll and I like this a lot did you see it? Oh, let me look the best regional food in the USA we never did this one before our guarantee though Louisiana key John. Oh, that must be a sympathy for no orleens you think Loot these are the ones that I came up with all by myself and I'm sure there are many many more Louisiana cage on four for the T-Stakes four Buffalo chicken wings three the win-win plan Chowda three New York pizza two Rochester White House two That's what I voted of course Text next one Chicago pizza one that we all think heavy. It's good the win-win grinders one in Chicago hot dogs none Whatever with the onions and really really bright green relish in all the sugar Who's the send-as-those that hot diggy dog place or whoever oh, I forget I think might have been the hot diggy dog they're in four loud. Oh Damn it I don't think it but I can't remember who one now. That wasn't it anyway somebody's the center of Chicago Would or they got like they got those spicy jalapenos in them or some kind of spicy crab and they got onions and real bright green relish And they're really good. They got like slices of tomato and everything So I hot dog this loaded up with all kinds of good stuff in it anyway That's what we got so far 21 That's like a Rochester weiner 5-670 five so if you let's see if we get several the add or maybe not you know you never know the way this this has been that kind of a week You really don't know exactly And I really couldn't care less because I still have a magnificent giant pile Even my golden retriever never saw giant pile like this believe you me trust me WQA M hello yeah good good Morning, I'm pretty good evening sir But okay my my my my okay I'm making your chicken then What you can put jerk chicken and jerk pork right well Joyce allow us to put jerk pork on it I'll put it on or anyway the entire jerk meat line no, it's not that's not right Gonna joke get out of here the entire jerk meat line. Oh, you come on Jesus yeah that line is that lines all over into the moon Hey, I thought if it walks you can jerk it no Chickens walk yeah, they do so to cows anyway moving right along quick jerk in us around So there is the a jerk pork and jerk chicken those two regional specialities mine And you know how they kill them with a really Good machine So they chop off those chicken eggs 70 Q a M hello Hello, this WQ a M this is Ed man you've got it You're on How many of her is this this I'm on hold or no you're on here right now it sounds just like you You did that mean you got a twin with nine in the middle voice How about me your pizza did you put that down on your boat? I sure did The movie are I just heard off that I got the the butt end of your Well, and now you can put some of that on their two no extra charge We are pieces and we'll need with seven boats you'll be pleased to know all right Ain't nothing like it man. Lot of emitators. They're ain't nothing like it boy. Oh, I'll boy that's one of the great things about going in the York if you don't get mugged Oh, but they cut the crime way down. I'll take your word for it But is the pizza all boy even the world's biggest pizza face Okay, yeah What really enjoy? I'm sure they have I'm sure he has oh Josh's favorite line nine Q a m W Q a m hello 2 a m Kind of sewer line Now nobody online one Q a m hello Neil yes, sir. I got the winner Maryland blue crabs Maryland blue crabs. They got to stepping by the drugstore to get rid of them too I'll try to prove right well. Okay. Thanks Maryland blue crabs. Well You ever have my own crab cakes crab cakes are okay. Yeah, they're okay I make you feel a little bit kind of crab eat but nevertheless. I mean it like real crack crab That's a pity the Maryland Cran I'm very important like crack in the crab I want to have to go through all of that crack right and what a war crack If I was that captain's crab. I'm sure they're not around anymore Remember to use to be one up kitty quarter from the IOD said do and I hope it's not there anymore because I Used to get such a wicked headache when I used to because of all the butter they put I'm it's just like cholesterol Hell is what it was. See it made me still be there but the bottom line is in every time With us anyway and they certainly aren't now so they're not there Remember that's a crab shaft And as I left just because they were so nice to give you like a little a little sample size bottle that quail for your rid of them Come any Q a m hello Man, how you doing? I'm right. I don't miss anything I can't stay my child. I don't think that when that's not for Friday and that's the old poll anyway Get with it get with the programs we've heard the poll is What regional food the best regional food in the USA is whatever WQ a m hello Yeah, I mean Latestian I guess was tuned in checkers Checkers one checkers hammered The less said the better You know I mean yeah, yeah, how many Q a m hello? Hey, you know one you've missed you mentioned text next fuck I'm sorry for aside from that every buddy Has taken the name but very few people make real fajitas made with real skirts, you know what I'm saying Served up with with all the house arrived. He Walk him only into this you have a fajitas Yeah, but you see regional food well fajitas are what in that text there are really for self-text Yeah Why would he text me? Why would be his Text mex implies all that cheese and crap all over No, no, no, no, text implies any whatever message include the taxes but thank you so much Well, that he got your appetite while it anyway but that's he's wrong What are we into it does? How about text makes sounds good. We'll get Mexican bull from the power speed A Mexican bull what Delos is yeah. They got that he bet the chop kick I hear the most of the mix on those Loan over the right all in people and Mexico city look at that holla What's that? That's ringing fact Q and that line probably a fact. Hello Hello, it's a fact I told you Let's hear it Maybe it's Ed McMan facting is the notice that we just won the ten million dollars from him in dick Clark Yeah, how did I know that you see that my second power that all was strong huh that wasn't a good one What do you mean what was it a good psychic about you thought I got marine dog's column doing the alito shuffle I think I might just read that right now before we take eight million calls without your regional I'm quite frankly other than the Merlin crab case I think I got most of maybe I'm wrong. I think I got most of the good ones on here all by my loan some Let's see how it's shaking out silly cheese steak 12 those are good and please don't put cheese was on it Oh Or fell Vita Wow, they they do there are some places where they do that Please face on me. You're food in the USA fill it. She's they 12 New York pizza table. It also what I go to for the cheese takes Yeah, they're good. I want you to know chicken wings 10 Louisiana cage on eight key draw you can't say cage on That's part of the Illuracy of Louisiana. Oh, you can't say that they just had the flood Katrina They're like I said part of the Illuracy of that hole neck of the woods Text next seven and it includes those great fajitas all dressed up and ready to go All dressed up already to eat Chicago pizza fine that real thick real man were one slices like a meal You've had that yeah, we did you go with us so we already out of Chicago that time off that I was already I was really great to many missed it. Thanks for the time shouting five Maryland Luke now. Why does that say blue crab is that what it's called? That's what the guy said 26 Maryland blue crabs. Well don't get hostile with me. I got a lot of that card Three okay crabby with me the Chicago dogs two Chicago winners Rochester White House only two us cuz most people haven't had unless they go to wait and arms if he ever opens up again jerk chicken one and jerk pork Zero the big oh for the old jerk pork The following may not be suitable for children He's getting in the real trouble so liberty is gone well your old time favorite stars are hitting all time Loans see honey with man's arms ice bar get busy on honey with madam Heidi flies It's a hit so everybody's gone wild also be just good for melee liquor super star company Ryan How you doing man about a little room So nobody's gone while this jam back with famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior They're saying the Ross Nick no teeth falling round Michael Jackson For them each you your ever miss goes on plus Robert Blake gets stretched and I score water for us who first lazy wet prison Johnson Where we consume to So it's gone wild in the next 10 minutes and women who this free Arnold Schwarzenegger video called celebrities gone to racing I love to be covering the of California So what is gone wild? That's the love of it. It's gone crazy Order now before all these stars are AJ a we have or the governor's mansion Don't give us no lip on old how do I he didn't have a motorcycle license he was a driving nothing illegally with his kid Did you know that I didn't know it was illegal? There you go. It didn't have the license to be driving on motorcycle Which you just said one in California, but don't confuse the governor how would he know that just like a Florida being the illegal alien that he is Southern fried chicken. There's a good one. Well as we had a lot of old Southern fried chicken. Oh man. There's some folks out there love their chicken Here's one from a good old John up there in a caracolumbia South Carolina. Oh John good life Carolina barbecue. He's even got the recipe for a cats-up base in northwest Carolina Viggar base in east and must-turd in the south Right the North Carolina kind I like the best now. I see work cats-up bases as cats of not catch-up cats It's good stuff little kitty cat in there. Maybe it's her's a couple of kid cat bars and two Carolina barbecue You get these Josh and he's a very important now. They're already on the for a scientific pool main lobster Oh, yeah, served thermobrostal like a BMO coast with the most main lobster And here's one from Tim who went to great lengths. We got his shoe-safes This is almost like the email I got from Joe Bell We got every phone number. We got his shoe size and I wonder what that is? He says Cincinnati chili system. I didn't even know there was such a thing as since tonight. He's surely did you know it it I Cincinnati at all costs when you can write down this an evil awful place Leave me what I said or go there. No believe me. Don't take my word for it Morey down rights as New York Times today doing the Alito shuffle She says you got a like a man knows how to juggle Samuel Alito picked up the skill on a summer vacation a decade ago and his juggling talent was on full display yesterday As he tried to balance the old Sam who was eager to impress a regular revolutionaries with his zeal with the new Sam Who's eager to impress a bipartisan Senate panel with his open-mindedness? It was a tale of two sand Is he the old Sam who devised ways to up and roe be weighed in crimp abortion rights? Or the new Sam who is great respect for precedent and an open mind about abortion cases Is he the old Sam who plotted ways to tip the balance of part of the executive branch or the new Sam who states that no person in this country is above the law And then it clues the president is the old Sam who said Robert Thorck was one of the most outstanding nominees of the century and a man of unequal ability or the new Sam who shrugged off that statement as the Dutiful support of one Reagan appointee for another is he the old Sam a who said a membership in a Princeton alumni club that Resisted the admission of women minorities when he was seeking a promotion of a very white Reagan old boys club or the new Sam who has no specific Recollection of that organization unless of course he instantly joined into support ROTC on campus And the say he's been shaped partly by his hopes for a 17-year-old daughter Laura and by his sister's experiences is a trial or a Prefection that has been traditionally dominated by men Is he the old Sam who thoughtlessly blew off a pledge to recuse himself from cases involving Vanguard where he has a six-figure mutual fund or the New Sam who admits that the problem was not a computer glitch S.E.S. suggested and humbly says if I had to do it over again, there were things I would have done differently The judge didn't aim to say what he thought of illegal wiretaps, which you think would be an easy one About the judge's memory lapses Senator Lindsey Graham a Republican droolly noted and I hope you'll understand if any of us come up before a court And we can't remember Abram off he'll tend to believe us Some of his answers Senator Joe Biden complained to Chris Matthews did not ring a court of sincerity the National Review website says the Vagible Biden got in 367ty words in held judge leader do only a thousand thirteen You don't have to know the difference between horizontal and vertical stared as a starry decisive Or between emanations and for numbers to see that the man who could take Saturday or Connor seat and yank back Women's rights was in a word shifty or in three words shifty sapless and sying Not sying as much as we'll put squeegean our video, but nevertheless To also say this reputation and women's rights even played the hand-packed husband when Republican senators use the expression when did you stop beating your wife about them or credit questions judge leader right posted I wasn't asked whether she had stopped beating me It's basic to fence to the McRass boil down to I was just saying what my boss wanted to hear at the time Have we had enough yes men men men men men men men men government for last five years heck of a job Sammy I understand by the presence from the judge mr. Leeto is dubbed Scolito a conservative Senator John Corness and only blurred it off the nickname because he's so much like Antonin Scolita and W. Loves Nino Judge Leeto is supported in period of power for the presidency not strong checks and balances He approved the scripture to the 10 year old girl, but that's not probing too deeply about the executive branch is doing That W is philosophy to a preemptive right to see really do everything for more to torture the snooping Like the president the judge's law is baseball Mr. Leeto once vacation at a fantasy baseball camp wearing the red and white police uniform W has spent five years in fantasy land on Iraq on occasion dawning military costumes His fingers in his ears doubly didn't want to hear that we had two few troops in Iraq ignoring advice from viceroy Paul Bremer and general Eryxon sefi or that's a troops didn't have enough armor But the president continues to fling blame outward and a speech yesterday before the veterans of foreign wars He warned the Democrats that they should take care not to bring comfort to our adversaries Judge Elito was evasive disingenuous and differential he puts the fits the bush here or like a baseball glove I like that even normally can't be proud of that that old jack strap were in queen See here's one that says a Cuban Con bestake con you and bread with steak or steak sandwiches, but they're trying to see We would South like Florida cute since the three genel do we want to put like South Florida Cuban or something like that How about mid Florida Cuban? I mean, you know Cuban cuisine is good enough right? Okay, neck and now So maybe I know Chase and all of her was mushy bean. Oh, sorry. What do you do that? It because you get upset about it every time I do it like it's like fall off a clearance Easy bigoted hatred of the Cuban now. It's because you just get all been inside me. Yeah, you know I think I'd say today all right away, but I mean, but it will just goes off the deep end By the way, I was asked yesterday I want to like spill the beans about because it was a private advantage or conversation with Joe It's full of mushy beans They go with the beans again, but about the best of meal thing now We're gonna be getting some updates. I'm if that's gonna happen and how it's coming and what's going on Is it just gonna or is it gonna spend most of his time reminding me that I can listen to Howard's sir non-serious I take this a load this by the way in the last about 30 hours now. Oh, yeah Stop hearing all about that and we will that we won't be hearing about Yeah, but what if he says talk? Oh wait. It doesn't that already didn't it Best regional food in the USA 132 votes already holy moly right? I totally this is good pulled and I what are we doing with these good poles this week? I don't know just wait so many of them in the same week. That is uh, did you come up with this one? Not Sean? I came up with this one, Mr Let me take a look maybe wrong. Let me take a look at his pool pile Maybe I stole it night because you know me. I don't want to like to take credit. Let's see. He's got now This is mine all mine. Well, that's a very good church Well, how do I did I tell you we have one you we had a good one today for change? What do they have in the north west? That's particular I know I do I think I'll remember is coffee That's what's in the out on man. Yeah, coffee in both those are you know it's Western coffee sorry That would be like half a coin later, you know, I mean I love that's like two a That's not to get too perceived. Maybe somebody knows Yes, nobody knows it from there. Well, jice lived there and see I will for he's been everywhere. Is it it? They got a lot of things But I wouldn't you know put a Put like a landmark on anything that we got they got like clams or something Yeah, I don't know if I'm out from somebody obviously you two are hopeless on that best regional food in the USA New York Paces time with L. T. State 23. There's that New York Filly rivalry man And yeah the New Yorkers can be pushy and I'm not just but when it comes to like sporting their stuff the fully of people are just Oh this grotesque just grotesque brutal Outraeges although only second to Montreal and North America Man can make ends were playing a crappy game or couple nights ago whatever it was and man that crowd was booing I just I kept oh just like the giant fans you see any of that can judge Yeah, they were booing. I mean they started out like kind of at a low level and the booing just kept getting louder and louder and Oh, I probably would have booed it that game. Yeah, that was pathetic. Hey Eli's coming. Oh sorry. Sorry Eli New York pizza 26 Philly cheese to the state 24 got a good battle going on their Buffalo chicken wing 16 Louisiana cage on 13 Tex max 11 Chicago pizza 10 New England fan Chata 10. Oh boy. Are real good clients out of real thick I mean if you like man-hat and plan shot a better than the new England fan shot of your taste is in your Tush Maryland blue crowd. Oh it is good for Roy's Maryland blue crowd seven main lobster six. Oh I know something I'm not that I like big I'm lobster when you can write down one. No, you know I try to help him Seem. I know you gotta have one Seem right any day Main lobster six to England grinders six now. I've actually a lot of people. I don't even know what that is You're what a New England grinder is A scapey horse. It's like a sub sandwich man, but New England they call them grinders I was in summer camp many many moons ago by 400 years ago Holy moly Up in that part of the ad arondex they had a place where they would and was like called New England grinders whatever because it's not that far from Massachusetts And boy, it was a debate and maybe they can call him hogees you know they're called hogees stuff like that first to find her than you grinder and real Goi, I'm gonna call him like some sandwiches Rochester White Hot's three give me a good white uh hot one for Rochester Cuban cuisine to Carolina barbecue to 75 chicken two Chicago hot dogs two Cincinnati chilies got one. That's probably whoever said it's the facts jerk pork one and jerk chicken has got one but watch it because when they might have that What are you Mr. Tyson you got into another fight what's that about my objective of fighting is to be the ultimate professional Amite and in the objective of being a professional The garlands whatever happens in my life in general my job the job has to be done and that's the kind of being a professional Okay, that didn't make any sense. Did you really jump on the hood of that guy's car? Well like I said before at least it's not 12 years old. I was a little not only good to be as Physical you know me to be very intellectual a handle but pressure thing that comes with boxing. Oh Now I understand so Mr. intellectual could you demonstrate how you jump on top of the car you can not you just Okay, you don't even have to put up the coffee pot of the computers or anything just just go for it Mike Go for it Mike go go Mike go Don't come no more intellectual little Mike type in love 32 and speaking of chicken Don't you love that ties and she can speak of a trick in your confusing Eric why is that? Because he thinks you might have mislabeled with the latest poll that you just send in You're labeled it Friday No, he doesn't understand right the one that's on there right now is for Thursday. Okay. That's that's what I thought Let me tell him that now no, no, it's in this day. We're gonna hate and write of ourselves This is called the Neorodges hate start program That that's why I keep telling you where day ahead of ourselves So we probably think since the one for Thursday, but it's not the one that's going on until like late in the middle or later in the show tomorrow So it's the Friday pool and if you'll make him happy Obviously, you're just said it next to one for the weekend too, so these people don't get too bored with it And they got some to do to keep moth the streets on a weekend or not as the case maybe Well, whatever, but what about next Wednesday? I'm on a roll with him pull What about next Wednesday? Oh, and Monday. Let's see. I'm not gonna be on Monday because it's Martin Luther King By the way, with you're approval because they were given they passed that memo out you have an option of taking yes They off or right they off. Yes, okay if I take presidents They off you know, we ask a me for remember the president's well You have to ask me about a witchcraft. Are you as like William Henry Harrison who couldn't come in out of the cold South coming days with he all presidency Not a tournament. You got pinemonium man Or is it like Andy Jackson they maybe also get for that big egg that egg hatching placed in Tennessee They have a hatchery? Yeah Anyway, what day is that? I don't know It doesn't make any of it's Josh's gonna be working that day. Josh and I can handle it We can we can handle it I mean when you are vacation at week and when you were out sick and when you were hurricane And those I can a month of December what you work about four days a little bit Yeah, but maybe I want to take off too I'm just kidding. I'm just not gonna Well, why not now? You could just you're take off next Monday No, I need him George could work all alone he could work with Miguel there you go Skick and span Spick and Spanish. Yeah, speaking of Spanish Since the night he chilly it says here on his face which I just turtle a little bit It says Allah skyline chilly It says the frozen chili looks like somebody had I don't want to say the purdire We're in Spain like Lucy vowels, okay? And we're I love Lucy Lucy vowels See how they what you got that oh yeah, I don't understand it's chilly Stephen Hollywood says for days pool main lobster Okay Steve It just happens to be on her it's got six eight boats And for yesterday's pool I miss empty graves and Charlie Baxter and the dungeon Oh, he that's what he missed about his childhood yeah, that was the the creature features kind of a show down the Yeah, but the daytime version yeah, we had a Saturday morning cartoons What we didn't put on their kitty shows like how do you do to for those whole-farts? Did he course I don't miss how do he's do leave nevertheless and will buffalo Bob What is a buffalo Bob WQAM hello Maybe he was kind of buffalo bill yes, sir All right, all right, let's try me up city dirty water dog nothing like him God You want to uh interpret that from I I say builder hot dogs that you rinse off in the jouty pump Oh, I say okay WQAM hello Hello, Neil yes, sir She had to qualify how about a Chicago dog It's on there. Oh, it did it on there already. Yeah, I talked about it at length Oh, the I was okay. I'll be sorry. It's got the only three votes Okay, you mentioned the grinder, but you know no one has a poll voice or the moofleata sandwiches I watch your language And then one thing you mentioned that is also here in the state is Roman pizza You mean the real thin The real thing the real nice really crispy quadri cross and I in other words you mean real pizza Right and all the words but in here and I know I'm the beach just a place called that Rooster cup that made the Roman pizza There is a place in Hollywood that makes it to it really is yes real good stop Real good stop. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Thank you Roman pizza, well, there is no Roman pizza, but what about that? Pol boy pol boy sandwiches? Thank you for those poor bastards in Louisiana who are losing every minute But yes, we don't hear too much about them no more we have the coal miners. Oh, I mean the other might have that and I we got Judges Alito we got these hearings going on so we don't hear too much about Abraham off and all those scandals, you know And we certainly don't hear nothing more about those poor bastards and all means and I want and then your girlfriend read a cause be She's all whipped up about this punk out with a bag and big Iraqi nose from a four-lauternel I want to talk for a second to that last night before I realized what was going on oh and he feels so bad because Those soldiers over there had to risk their lives and they could have been doing something important But I had to risk their life to get his idiotic hands out of there and she's making him into like a hero, you know You're responsible kid and you're responsible family if you ask me yes Yeah, would have big and you could use all the money they wasted sitting over there and for the hotel and all the bull crap and around to a good amount of his job Oh, I'm serious a bit a lot of money And he says oh, as soon as he stepped out on the street they saw him as an American he knew he was in trouble How old they know he's an American with a shenaz like that probably is American flag t-shirt? I was at it 560560 probably had a hurricane outfit on And I'll let all sit me off every time silly people with the hurricane outfits WQ I am hello I Just like I all the way up in the air, water water doctor I dug that you buy off the under water dogs Yeah, the water dogs You buy from the And there's a water park already Oh, that's right there. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, okay, thanks Well, the other guy was up to Jack and I said all of he was a sour crop New York water dogs All right, I want to put those on there. I mean Yes, I will leave the day playing Why is that in New York thing? I thought everybody had those little hot now, I guess no New York water dogs are because it's not the same hot dogs. Don't you understand? I say they probably use like Nathan's or subredder Like real good hot dogs is opposed to like the mystery meat that you'll find a lot of cities, you know What was vendors they vision which didn't they kick most of the vendors off the streets and stop for a done anyway? I don't know they because people were old much yeah, those thong hot dog vendors. Yeah, now I'm just talking about the thong ones the long ones and the oh Here's the facts from wheel. What we have in our term wheel and a long time looks like everybody's back for the new year How do you like that? Which may or may not be good anyway? Will says in addition to gourmet coffee the Pacific has salmon made many ways including smoked King crab and dunginess crab Yeah, but that's not you know, I mean Yeah, I know that I have to have like a name like Pacific Something or north of us something to see otherwise it's not regional I mean you can get King crab and done you can go in the dungeon anywhere I guess the amortence there was a tour coming from Yeah, Sam it's stuff It's a sorry for so many but I like to eat says will whisk constant brought worst. I'll go for that Boy, do I love my brots? I love the ratches to white hot and then brots. Oh, damn I forgot to call powers really I never been in that was constant in my life you ever been there. I know that I recall probably through it by the Every domer like it He had some fine Cloto and this and he's ready times the bus trips whisk constant brought we'll let's get that on there Not like John Berlin or like Colone but nevertheless medicine is very nice. It's a really well-to-knowledge town right also Texas mode sausage Got it okay next again to Riso I love chorizo, baby. I didn't know that was Mexican though I thought it was like Spanish Well, yeah, I got all of the the Hispanic cultures have that kind of sausage in the chorizo Yeah, it's good don't tell me what it's made from I don't want to know it's really good though Well, very very very rich very rich don't like you too much of that man You're told get the size of your head yummy yummy on that's the page is I'm do we I don't know what that is A and the OU I LLE that's like rathatui on the we I don't know what it is and Chicago foolishtiel boss in the very good You think that in Buffalo they'd have coboss that ever something or because they got so many Polos I mean somebody find a Polish boars. I mean Chicago Polish ribosses glue got that we do that New York pastrami in corn beef deli. I mean I don't know You could put New York on there for just about anything because New York's probably got the best food of any city in the USA Certainly the best variety You don't think I great yeah Santa's discord New York Chinatown dim sum You've been on any some dim Chinese San Francisco or New York dim sum why see I don't I don't know will you got so many choices on here you put on What do we like George are baking with a bone in it? Oh god, you're perfect There's nothing There's nothing like that bulletin George. I mean in fact I think that was going on in an entry That's in Georgia wasn't the movie anyway Texas barbecue brisket A task of a tiske let's get some an at barbecue brisket And Texas blue bell ice cream Well, will sure got a thing with that Texas stuff you got all those on here I just gave him the bags. He's gonna put on everybody No pressure so far. You're easy does it you know what everyone give this 100 choices the luck I said keep them off the street It's a good poll So many good regional specialities man and so little time and so many people buying of diabetes Best regional food in the US New York pizza 42 for the cheese steak's 38 buffalo chicken wings 18 Chicago pizza 17 When we plan child of 16 see you can't put Roman pizza under because it really isn't any Right now in any authentic We went plan child of 16 Louisiana cage on 15 my cage on What's that chef fur down there that big fat chef? Oh, oh, though. He likes that key John oh your Kevin cuisine 12 Carillon pepper cuisine. I think would be exaggerating Uh-huh Text next 12. Maybe At this point I want to remind everyone you've ever seen a picture of it I know and I only say that for your benefit and I know every time and it's the every time It wouldn't matter if it was rain lobster 10 seven fried chicken nine Maryland blue crab nine New England grinders eight Chicago hot dogs five Rochester White House and Rochester we need's baby four Turline of barbecue three Cincinnati chili two jerk chicken two jerk pork one and New York water dogs Or maybe I can hockey league don't have any Yes These five 62 Turn that The actor says it's a warning. About the cops said he was strong. He quakes his whole thing and follow me. Said he only looked at her junk in the trunk. Did the waggle grab the boonie? Or is this woman just not? Not for just doing their duty. Because you can't go all around squeeze and ladies thoughts too. Christchurch later grab the boonie. Back home. Walk it down, New York City Street. But they are giant, or they're tiny. It's never okay to touch someone's feet. This is not his first generation. Oftentimes he will get hit. He has problems with aggression and now we can add as touching to the ribs. Look at the papy is taken. And he's only 35. Look the way when cheeks are shaking. And the boy your slow career will take another dive. Christchurch later grab the boonie. Walk it down, New York City Street. Whether they are giant, or they're tiny. It's never okay to touch someone's feet. Back home. Hell. At damn they're children. I'm going to talk about it because it's fast. But I'm sure it's Jewish married to some who you're some. Isn't that as Jewish? Yeah right. So Zan, I hate to break the news. She says for the pool. How about Hungarian Gulaj? Okay. How about spaghetti? You see what I'm saying? No. The pool of questions in today. What's your favorite food? It's regional especially. So unless you're like, what region will be Hungarian Gulaj be such hungry? I do love Hungarian Gulaj, but it's good stuff. Yeah, it is outstanding. I've never less than Zan that he's confused. She's got some issues. US Navy plane, I'm a daughter, we've ported missing. The search for for Aviator. Oh my God. I'm missing him after their Navy aircraft failed to make it scheduled arrival on time at Tensicle Naval Air Station continues today. The Navy T3's Saber liner was scheduled to arrive in Tensicle around 3pm Tuesday. But, a Navy instructor, Navy student Air Force student and a civilian contract pilot were boarded the Saber liner. Their identities have been released. The aircraft was decided training squad were in 86. Took off for an navigation training mission in our 11 o'clock. In the morning from chat, New Get to the sea. Last week, your contract came around the contact came around 11 o'clock in the morning and pilot contacted National Center. And that's it. Better be better food for about still among the missions. Not good. Not good. Maybe they just took off and went in the hiding. Maybe they left the country. We would have to wait to hungry for some goulash. Could be. It is real. We'll not do business with Pat Robertson after religious leaders suggested. Prime Minister Sharone's master's stroke was a divine punishment for the Gaza would draw. A choice in the official state of the honeymoon over. Robertson, when he's busy doing business everywhere, man he has those diamond mines, you know, in Nigeria and Liberia and all of these. He was good buddies with Charles Wilson. We were one of the world's biggest crooks. Robertson is leading a group of Christian evangelicals who have pledged to raise $50 million to wait until you hear this. $50 million to build a large Christian tourism center in Israel's northern Galley region where traditions as Jesus lived in town. Isn't that what this is? Is there a lease for human in the building? Christian tourism center? Well, even those go in spend a lot of money. Yes. He hates the holy land for everyone. But Edo Hartov, a spokesman for tourism minister Abraham Hirshan, said his really officials were furious with Robertson. If you think Hugo Chavez was past you ain't seen nothing yet. In addition to which Hugo Chavez is lacking one thing that the Israelis are God. I'm going to bomb a grande. Well, I think it would be perfectly appropriate for these Israelis to say since he was taken. He was saying, let's take Hugo Chavez. Maybe he's really ought to be starting to suggest, let's take out Pat Robertson. Take him up for a notch? Right. And then kick his ass. One day after Shiron's January 4th, Strowck Robertson said the crime minister was being punished for dividing God's land. A reference to last summer's pull off from the Gaza Strip and Fort West Bank settlements. We can't accept this kind of statement, Hartov said. He said the Christian Heritage Center project was now in question that we let the door open and develop it with others. We will not do business with him. Only with other evangelical people. So don't fact these comments, Hartov said. Will the business with other evangelical leaders friends of Israel, but as far as he goes, cast a horse. Those are the public's important aerial charoans we cover are welcome to business for those he said. A spokesman for Robertson's selfish ministry based in Virginia Beach, Virginia, where they're still lynching people by the way we'll get to that story. That's a real pleasant story. What did I tell you about the USA? There's nothing different now than it was 100 years ago. So they fought the civil war. They put some laws in the prison. They used to go so they fought the civil war. They put some laws in the books. And still the same racist bunch of crap. Yeah. We're no question about it unless you can play basketball or pro football, forget about it. Or unless you real like complicated and turn a take as far turn to the right, like Condor Condor Leesor. We don't respond immediately. We force in our relationship with other governments. We have not talked to these families on this topic. So Robertson's television ministry spokeswoman, we continue to maintain our longstanding commitment to the Jewish people and the state of Israel. As long as they sooner or later they can heard, they come around. Robertson's comments through condemnation from other Christian leaders and even the presidentate, even the Bushmeister. Under way, ten of the agreement, Robertson's group was to put up the funding while Israel would provide land infrastructure for the center. Israeli officials had hoped the project would generate tens of millions of dollars in tourism. And but it would put about the now and the finally starting to catch on. We'll just slow on the update for the finally starting at least to catch on to him. Car stereo we follow what we heard about him yet. He's the one to put the lynch in lynxburg. Here's another one another chronic who just on and on and on and also these seem to be coming from the same people. Yes. I was guys in broadwars, sprawled in beer and onions. Also it says I'm from Madison you would have loved a little bit there. I guess I would have loved a little bit in a lot of places. I live in Boston way back when I did love with an air for a couple years. I was fine but not now. But I didn't spend much time there, but it just seems like really neat and clean. We're in Madison tight at yeah. And that's where the freedom from religion foundation is located. That's right. And Gila. We sure love good old and gay. We're 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 and they see even air skim continues to with state of pulse for our own stuff. I'm so I've a static wait till I send it to the one for six weeks from Sookas. He's really going to get all be fuddled about that. Just relax, Jericho. Okay. It's just a for fun. It's just to kill some good time. Whoa. Or bad. Dominic, you away. I am. Hello. You know, I know. Can't allow us gay marriages, but they don't allow how it's served. What does that mean? They got serious here. They don't have how it's served. There's a big vegetation going on. The Canadian is called in this morning. And it will complain about that. Have a suggestion for you. Okay. Get a life. We got bigger fish to try to worry about how it's stirring up here. Yeah. That's what they're obsessed with. How come Canada? As a matter of fact, he was on your hair in Toronto on Terrestrial Way to Once Upon a Time. And in Montreal in both cities took him off the year. I just mentioned that in passing. Because if you think the FCC is direct, that's one thing I'm not going to defend about Canada. They see RTC, the radio intelligence and commission all brother. The visual even as watered down as it is now. We'd be off the year. There's no way. I don't have to say crap one time. I'll be the end of us. All along. I'll call you to your television. I'll be like on CBC. No problem. You're regularly here. The F. Ward and if it's in a new story or a drama, movie or whatever. No problem at all. But on on. No crap. Don't say crap. A. They'll come and get you. There's a guy that definitely needs to. It has too much stamina. He's busy. Probably doing his Howard Stern blow up the all right now. I got the Robert Schiercock. I got a lot of stuff here too. I mean, a lot of frantic people want to get him in this big pool. Because this is an eating crowd, man. Most of these people would be dead from diabetes in about a half an hour. But nevertheless. But I got a big pile. Just keep me pushing my a pile. So let's be. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8. The F. F. Come out of T. T. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. P there, Steven? F. A fresh portion of the baby. A nicerop relationship. That's a mountain mountain part. She needs milk. She's really getting milk. In the profanity and the one notes. That is her main he goes to pick on our beat. She still does since we've gone. And she's got the F bomb. You're fairie. From the 150 to the QAA, let's see here's the facts from a real chronic facts. She says, what about key West Stone crabs and seafood in general? What about general seafood? I say, he West Stone crab sounds fine to me. Nothing I was there ever had him. You had those old stone crabs right there to say, whether it's here in the keys. You're asking me? Well, if that would be the case when then Merrill and crab case would be the same. You can get crab case just about any stone crabs. They're all in our waters over here. Right. I can't imagine that the stone crabs are on the keys there. How do you know? I don't. Maybe they're gay. You ever think about that? Maybe they're extra crabby. There you go. I don't know. No, no, no, no. They're just reaching now. This is desperate. Best regional seafood in the West Sea. You know, something that places our famous for, like Philly, Cheese, steak, New York, pizza, York Water Dogs, which I would in some of the day. I didn't know they called them water dogs. Did you? No. Well, now we do. Does that got any votes near a quarter dogs? It's got, uh, where is it? One. And that's probably the kind of called, one of those two guys are called in. And look at Teresa would have any votes. Teresa is good stuff. It'll tear your kishki down. It's very, very, uh, how trouble we turn it. I'm kishki's out of it. It will. Now, what exactly is Teresa? We don't want to discuss it. So, what does it mean from? It's just a particular recipe, but it's just sausage like, uh, you know, everybody has their own kind of sausage. Very spicy, very much. I have some that German have some. We have a treat to your teeth and gum. It's a good workout. That's the little slices of sausage that you find in paella. I see. That's a QAM hello. Oh, I want for the phone. Yes, sir. About a woof and mannered, spot a dick. I made myself a note to last later. Okay. Well, the list of what it's going to be. We'll mark it down. Yeah, let's do that myself. 560, 560 pound, 560, we've rise in singular wireless line. And by the way, you're fair. WDQAM, hello. Hey, you're an inch. Yes, sir. Hey, did you get Q on for the morning? Not very good. Hey, did you get a Q on for the morning? I'm working on that. Like you got by him. Do I have a Q? Hello. Q? I found this for Gepler, yes, sir. That's the thing. And, uh, Buffalo wings. When I run out of time, you again, Chesapeake at Buffalo wings. That's what I heard. Yeah Okay, I'm gonna start going to my pile very soon very quickly these people are so desperate. WWE QAM Hello WWE QAM Hello That's there. QAM Ola Meal now we're on a roll. WWE QAM Hello Yes, Neil. Are you a fortune to live in America's greatest city? For two years and you didn't like it? What's that? Who said who said I didn't like it? I love both. Oh, you love both. I mean I said I don't want to live there now I said I lived there in the early 60s. Why wouldn't you want to live in now? Because I just don't What we have in Bob with the weather there is brutal man. It's just I'm saying well, yeah, well pick a day. You know, pick me a good day and then tell me what you can get Bigger butt such we're gonna get the best Chinese food in the world. Yeah, we're gonna get the best seafood in the world Let me ask you a question Well I didn't call it. I'm gonna tell you this. I'm gonna put it in the Italian food and North End It's so overrated in Boston. I came beginning to tell you know we had a girlfriend. Yeah, I've got to go You got to know those restaurants suck. Let me say it again. Austin blow Who else has the Boston Red Talk? Yeah, exactly. That like I said I don't want to go there no more See, one thing about the boss. I've always said this we don't have a lot of Boston people in South Florida most of the ones that did come to South Florida Notchists It made the New Yorker seem like the jolly green giant. They hadn't realized that until there. Oh, no, it's true Very true don't you remember that one guy the Patriots fan that we find a guy widow That was calling it. We actually really oh my god. What a jackass And that's that's all he knew you know Just I'm not just a good deal of the people that were the decent people in Boston most of them are still there WQAM hello They're a new brewery. Yes, sir. They're about key line pie key line pie from K-West. Yes, sir. I'm right. They care K-West key line pie. Yeah, there you go. See now that that actually fits in the that's a category that fits in the pool How do I say oh, I know I know a concept that somebody actually And I like key line pie. Well, I'm not listening. What's not for like about key line pie? Well, it's a little tart. I can't do it. What happens is a lot of people try to make it They don't know how to make it. That's how it tastes sour. I've been with some of those people right or you mean the key line pie that too And I'll tell you what else is very Very sweet and some and if Josh says like he line pie. P can pie. Yeah, you're oh I'm gonna headache think it. You gotta yeah, you gotta have a very small piece of the camp pie because it is so Secondly sweet and rich really rich You can feed your god both your big toes to decide to like come out rush more When the E can pop out. I like it especially with a nice dollop of whipped cream on a more ice cream Or ice cream and whipped cream or and a hot pod That will manners hot fudge if the guy was talking about Robert here writes betraying the regular revolution good old Robert Cheers See I feel compelled to spirit across and tells me to read certain calmness Oh, what a tangled web. He's no longer young Republicans. We've won a first practice to deceive The thumb line it runs down through the cesspool of the festering abrimoth release scandal is the conceit that the science of the regular revolution A generation of young Republican activists summoned by God and party were morally superior creatures who had only pure ideological Lotus for cutting country social safety nets in the name of small government More than two decades before you've seen a killing to fill these in two jurisdictions Jack abrimoth was the hard-nosed chairman of the college Republicans and his latinans were Harvard graduate Grover Norquist who rose to political powers president the American taxpayers association and a young Georgia student named Ralph Reed Who would later become the face of a Christian coalition? Today our party read his itself from out the wave of the future We're all sermonizing a 25 as a 25 year old and through a public and national convention 84 as reported mother Jones magazine We will ride that wave to glory or will it send us crashing offshore if we're the party of tax cuts and not the party of ifs and buts Ifs and buts Spectom then we're writing our way if we try to out spend big fat tippony or rush to Geneva to cut a deal will crash off sure I don't you like that if we try to out spend big fat tippony or rush to Geneva to cut a deal He was a poet and didn't even know it and then did he ever blow it now? However, Avermoth has crashed and he threatens to take downtown delay who announced last week He wanted temporary game is the appeal leadership post in the house even as you continue to fight his own indictment and taxes Which in all Republican appeals court is just refused to dismiss Meanwhile to others who came up through the ranks of Republican youthful activism Edwin Buckerman Brent Wilkes can now be headed to the web growing with each new indictment investigative news article Of delay affiliate lobbyist politicians and public officials who employed are benefited from a series of what appeared to be front-proof Sosh funds and political money laundering operations Wilkes is up to his eyeballs in the case of disgraced representative duke cunning him who pleaded guilty in December to accept In two point four million dollars in branch from defense contractors trying to sell stuff to the Pentagon Wilkes in turn was a client of buckham a key figure with the center of an influence public investigation It was work at the phony front organization the US family network that service Avermoth's clients On Monday, Buckham announced the due to recent bad publicity is prominent Alexander strategy group A.S.G. lobbying firm was shutting down It was A.S.G. that paid delays wife at least 115 grand in consulting fees while selling the companies widely proclaimed access to were super powerful husband The lobby firm also provided office face to Americans where Republican majority delays fundraising organization No surprise then that when Wilkes wanted to gain influence in Congress and support of his quest to get the Pentagon to invest in products He was selling but for which the Pentagon's Inspector General found no real demand he turned to a.s.g. paying at least $630,000 for the firm services President Bush as he did with enron and it's politically well connected executives as we've portedly looking to distance himself from these big big Times GOP players going down like a house of cards in a category five hurricane and is within Ron whose company chief Kenny Boyle It was tight with Bush and was a key financial supporter of his campaigns such protests will bring a hollow to those paying attention Because of the perpetrators prominent work on a president's campaigns transition teams fundraising even in his administration A.B.M. office a patron fundraiser for the Bush 2004 campaign and served on the Department of Interior transition team while Wilkes was Bush's California campaign finance co-chair The scope of the scandal swirling around delay was perhaps best described by former Republican husband Jury leader Dick army now a lobbyist Tom Belays and buckham downtown to set up shop and start a branch office on K Street army told the New York Times Referring to a role lobby for mistakenly headquartered there the whole idea was what's in it for us Sounds accurate enough But army's candid comment raises the question of why he and others in the Republican establishment didn't blow the whistle on this operation before the indictments came down After all, booking the Pentagon for millions, grabbing officials and breaking campaign finance laws is hardly strongly small potatoes What irony that those once young Republicans who have to their elders about being more vigilant defending donations taxpayers and security forces should end up now A cues of deeply betraying both There's your buddy Robert Sheer who got candid DLA times because they don't like that little stuff no more No more Little bit too liberal for California Now that the fastest tide is sweeping through all North America Maybe that's why they don't like Hugo Travis. He's a little bit too far on the other side Which she probably is but nevertheless the dark side He's on the dark side. That's right. He's a little bit on the dark side. No, they mentioned it made a bad direction Ever see him and were you gonna get a same guy Okay, what do we got lead in that poll so far? This is a really good poll to bend the audiences out to destroy it best regional food in the US New York pizza 59 You betcha, baby. You can't be to with a stick Nothing fancy just the old pepperoni and she's a little bit right right That's all you need and again because they got that great water in the York. That's why nobody can duplicate it I don't care what anybody tells you nobody you at least out in the US in the pizza here really sucks Oh, where they're at their Canadian. Yeah Bad pizza. I think even a pizza thief wouldn't want to see a list of oh Buffalo chicken wings look how many that's got We went plan childhood 26 Chicago pizza 25 Louisiana cage on's got 21 main lobster 19 seven fried chicken 19 Cuban cuisine 18 takes me 16 Merlin blue crab 10 England grinders 10 Carolina barbecue six Chicago hot dogs five Rochester White hot's five Cincinnati Chili four Wisconsin broads three jerk pork three New York water dogs two jerk chicken two jerk this Key West Keyline pie one Texas barbecue brisket one Chicago Polish Kibasa one and none yet for Texas blue bell ice cream. I never heard of that Mexican Toadies or Texas North Sanctuary And even on a guy was a jackass that Boston guy we could put Boston Brickham's ice cream you know it's a brand name. Yeah, it's not it's I don't know Well, we got that Texas blue bell. That must be a brand isn't it? I'll I'll take your word for it. I don't think that belongs on there. Never heard of it. Yeah. Well, whatever 12 13 speaking of picking out if you've been doing too much of it and you made a New Year's resolution Loose weight here's the answer for you man balanced for life even the beast I guess you know if we're gonna keep him alive. He can't afford to give up and he's on balance for life again He's on the sack and losing weight every day in fact tune in for daily updates if he's still alive What can be easier than getting all your food for the entire day every day to live a right your door and little black sack And that's what they do it balance for life They send your menu every week and you fill out the menu make your solutions and that's exactly what you get in your black sack at home It's your work wherever you are They give you three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks delivered every single day right your doorstep You're full all day. You're not starving to that. You're not counting calories or carbs or anything else And you lose weight like crazy So we to do it so instead of rushing to the gym and wasting your time a lot of cash Here's the way to do it get in the zone. That's the zone by Dr. Barry Sears who's probably close can do a Brian Sears Get in the zone with balance for life and lose that weight like crazy in this year keep up with that new year's resolution and best of all stay alive Call balance for life right now at 1 866 225 4543 that's 866 225 4543 or check them out on the web at balance for life.com In fact, if you call right now, mention your arasia's a Q and you get two days of food free this week So make the call right now because the sooner you start the sooner you're gonna start losing that disgusting fat 1 866 225 45 43 this is Neil Rogers You Good morning They take today's mom new business of venture part in the universe I don't care what you've done murder in bezel if you're a cop the man a woman walk home making if you got the loot I'll give the charges Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States and I'm possess no real power I have found the way to Jerry reg the system. I still live diamond from the sales jewelry store how much you got about a thousand bucks I'm bezel 600 million dollars for my brokerage firm jack pop how much you got Has it been really no can do mama say to try to Kobe and Mars Our universe and he is not a trillion in the institution of higher learning and maybe a legal in most states We must have bad I'll tell you that believe you me and here's a story about Bubba's matter of fact I'll still got the info on the memorial service for skipper Chuck from Monday at slide off my machine right now It's a good machine buddy You're gonna go to that memorial service and in fact I'm off on Monday. It's Martin Luther King day so maybe I'll go to the memorial service I'm not a town I forgot We'll see there a lot of people are very confused in fact even Joseph me yesterday It sounds like you're writing town sounds like you're right here everybody tells me that and you know what I am Wouldn't that be something oh he's not in Toronto. He's in Voiden Beach But I want to be up there freezing his hands off all of the sun shining 45 degrees today Anyway former president built up the surprise you as troops from Iraq one is be fueling stuff at the Bangor mean in an National Airport Inside of with their arrival his plans for quick departure Monday night We're delayed when a problem was discovered with the aircraft allowing Bubba to join a line of local greeners who meet each playing carrying troops returning from overseas We're leaving for duty Thank you for your service Clinton said as he shook hands at hug many of the troops autographs hats cards other items Clinton had some fun when army specialist Joshua Russian bird Russian bird used a cell phone provided by troop leaders to call his sister-in-law Shansi Garrison Shansi in North Carolina he ended over the phone to the former commander when she high chance he has built Clinton the former president said in the phone The troops about 600 of them were returning to bases at Oklahoma Texas in Georgia They're too tired of their cramped Atlanta for fuel. This is great staff Sergeant Anthony Thompson New York City all the Bangor daily news Fitness private jet was scheduled land for fuel, but there was a mechanical problem as well said Rebecca Huff Airport manager While the flight was scheduled land for fuel at her customs airport ministry didn't know the Clinton was on the plane Till was returning money net from Paris where it meant with French president Josh Shorok to discuss plans for his charitable organization He couldn't foundation and was obviously getting lazy. How do you like that? I'm right That was his head start program in Paris Here's the immoral service for skipper up chuck A public memorial service has been scheduled for 230 p.m. See you got time to get up there. Well, maybe now On Monday January 16 for local radio and TV personality Chuck's link Oh, and there's an old look at that picture of a skipper chuck Go on. I sent them a website hold it up Not seriously go on here. It's an ancient picture is wearing like a sailors outfit or something like that I was skippers outfit but as a Skipper judge a young skipper Chuck there anyway The longtime host of the popular skipper truck pop-up playhouse and a TV Family friends and fans can attend them more. I think guards Memorial Park 4103 North Military Trail and leave personal messages at the West Royal of the cemetery various radio TV personalities and community leaders expected to attend them more than utilizing I wonder if the hoppers gonna be there. I sure hope so They both used to work for channel 4 for rule metco Chuck's name who spent 22 years as children's show host on skipper chuck and self-hort TV got on Wednesday January the 4 at the hospice by the see and Boko not far from his home He was 80 he started pop-up playhouse on channel 457 his later skipper Chuck show went on the year off the year in 79 Thousands of very children tend to the shows during their 22 year run even little George grew up with skipper Chuck to a point In later years he also hosted two other shows the American senior side and said it nights big bands on w at C. L And this year was hosted the lunch bunch on w j n a and a and radio station broadcasting from four lot of deal to people over the age of 100 He'll be missed maybe good guys skipper Chuck today go this Monday 23 p.m. January 16 at the Gardens Memorial Park 4103 North Military Trail I'm gonna put that right in the bottom my special pile over here so we have that In perpetuity you know and as we Move along I say that picture it's a good picture of and then my picture I'm gonna put it on the hospital He's pretty spiffy guy. He was good great guy. That's how it was a rumor. Didn't take himself too seriously In this business then somebody who's all stuffy and and I'll puff up like a peacock You know taking himself too serious like that's bad and that was not skipper Chuck Come any Q a m hello Left there on to what it's bad 567 see I think we run it I don't think they're right anymore We're regional specialities are there that we missed out I think I this time I did a pretty good job on my own in the beginning But if they're a list here, I mean we even got things that don't qualify other Such a they have a nice group L i scream. I'm I'm that's a brand name, you know That would be like saying Public's the ice cream Right, right, Dinty Moore's do No Dinty didn't he more as national it's not a You don't get it either Who are you to be knocking whoever that was? W 2 a m hello Yes, Bill W 2 a m hello I'm not a New York bagel fan No, right angles in the reason it was because just like the pizza cuz of the water Yeah, you know they say that the New York City tap or I sort of scribbled for two questions It's better than like a hundred and twenty seven different types of all of writing waters to come from mountain But okay, I remember with that number one thing in most important what the pizza you got is can't forget that doctor pounds They do Boy you people are relentless man you relentless your brutal keep it up Okay, what are we doing in them? Oh, I'm your bagels And again the same thing is the pizza it's because the water you order a taste of difference Oh, I can't eat bagels. I'm gonna eat the most things man. It gives me such a headache Remember the days when we used to get all those bagels in there love them. Oh, God I do too, but boy I can't even make this killing like a plane W 2 a m hello California cuisine such as You know a caro special stuff Yeah California cuisine my ass Although they're okay, in fact, it was a chain are they still a business California pizza? I I don't know you remember them. Yeah, basically I don't know what it was because I never ate their crap. I mean they're good stuff California pizza you want to put that on here? That really why not well there is such a thing although it was it was a brand name it was a chain But I don't even know what they'll is well maybe somebody will will Specify will clarify and see this in pilot crap 560560560 in a Verizon singular wireless line W Q a m hello Yes, you know what about that famous Samphal Cisco highly overrated sourdough bread As a possibility for your for a good possibility was wrong with that. I never had it I don't think oh you've never been the same fan Cisco. Oh, not been there. I never had no sourdough bread All the next time you go you might want to try it and one other question In 1963 I was a young lad of 15 I was able to attend JFK's funeral And then 15 years later I when Jacket the Reginald van Grisson passed away and North Miami I was able to view they got a viewing in North Miami, believe it Yeah, and I would like to know I mean it it's gonna be you have any plans In the future of you know to have like a viewing or something like that to pay everybody's in South Florida pay respects You mean you took to have any plans to cope real soon? No, not there's not really a single but I think you would have probably the largest turnout in the history of the state Let me tell you how old are you sir? Almost 60 Yeah, I'll leave you by 10 years. No worry about I already have been making plans. What we're gonna build a giant barn fire, all right? Here's a guy now stop and think about this Yeah, they're the JFK funeral Oh, it's in funeral and he's already making plans to a 10 year view of my ashes He's got something to put him out But it yeah, then that's talk about morbid man. Oh man. I'm dying on the hands You know how they used to like you know make a fire and set fire to the old kings when they fired in the fire You know you going on and flames would be appropriate But then we're gonna have it in a Amen The other chronic skin's open to the fire once we get it going most of them will be dead before me trust me Just my or so Right down putting that last caller who's who's in fact if that if that's your main thing in life He probably's ready for a dirt nap right now 27 past noon at five 60 WQAM if you're gonna dead and job if you're grossly underpaid if you knew years resolution is to get out of that What and get you a high paying career act right now make one easy call pick up that phone and call fast train right now at one 866 fast train Pass train will get to train ready for a great new high paying career just a few short months that's all it takes That's all you have to do is take a few short months because you're self-trained and you'll really find a life The demand right now for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is at an all-time high and fast rain offers convenient day Evening a weekend classes job placement assistant semifinentially for people will qualify pick up that phone to call fast train right now There's no obligation call one eight six six fast train They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005 check fast train out of the web at fast train dot com, but you better act fast because Places are quick fill them up fast So don't miss the train of opportunity this year if you want to get out of that dead end and get yourself a big fat paycheck every payday call fast train Today and make your new years resolution. Let's remember you all these finally after all of this time and all of these all of these things Call toll free one eight six six fast train This is new This is five 16 calcium hit me for everyone just try they Your block Let me Man yet that I have a man, I like it When you're girl back to World market and you will reboot We're only one One We're level 3 Then I happen Now I have to write about The ter who's I'm a ruthless and cruel and could wrench you f**k it, sh**t it, rouse if you can't shit so shut up and give up, open up and even if you try to go die and see that, you like it, I don't need to be mean but as hell I just feel to die and to bear with the end is man and I want it, I want to be sad and I can't give up my life, kiss it my master plan and to be the two toast and jam and I can't give up the man's freedom to dance if I want it, I want to be the man and to be my master plan you know me, I'm a subliminal oh dear, you're a sin to lose, you want to get the flight you have some won't be you guys know doctor's suits you can't get it straight off yes, twice this, it's a 123426 to 1.9 QAM you're a pizza man, let's like it's over again when I sleep or if I'll eat cheese, they go send me the two contenders, oh for me, those are contenders they're all the other's it is contenders Samaya Mamuk, a bigger part of it consider the chickens that are back yard to be beloved pets the eight-year-old girl fed them, fed them and took care of them when they started to get sick and die, she hugged them and tenderly kissed and got into that idea yes, the next morning her face and eyes were swollen she had a high fever her father took her to a hospital in five days later she was confirmed to have the deadly age five and one strain of bird flu oh my god, oh my god the chickens were sick, one had puffed up and she touched it oh when it puffed up don't touch it, tell them we told her not to, she loves chickens a lot her father, Abba, Abba, Abba that's his name, Abba, Abba Abba, Abba, Abba, Abba, Abba, Abba Abba, Abba, Abba, Abba, Abba and so many of those are not a big deal for all this brother, Saboon said, Samyah loved animals and took care of puppies and kittens in vans, y'all, y'all, the lean aras neighborhood where is this? Does it actually stay on here where the hell this is? Oh and turkey Samyah began to cry when her mother saw Samyah holding one of the dying chickens she held it and hit the girl to get her away she began to cry she wiped her tears with the hands she had been using to cover the dying chicken and then she was like, I don't know if you can't hear her, do not put the hand on the chicken and then you're eye eye eye eye eye eye eye okay? That idea she wiped her face to her father speaking in broken Turkish well I did like that Turkish happy, Zikir I missed that, that should have been on the polyester hmm, if we have Turkish happy don't think I have it'll be you anchor your teeth right up strawberry, like pink hmm, you never had Turkish happy I have like a whole line, I think I used to make it I don't know if I had a Turkish happy I don't know if I had a Turkish happy let me say it again Turkish happy, Mr anyway her father was speaking in a broken Turkish wearing a leather jacket and a typical Kurdish head dress and they're bright clean home she started to swell, she had really high fever she said this is so swell following a few 10 stays when her family were to she'd ever recover Samyah's condition is improved to a quick treatment with the anti viral drug Tamaflu, ah ha, I think that's a lot of stress I got buddhomo's Turkish happy right? right? I don't remember the brand name, when we were kids but if I saw the package, oh, what? got a little kid saw him looking his right yeah, it is French choux kids, kids, they're in kissing, kiss the chicken you never, I can't believe you're in a Turkish happy I guess it's just not the invogue normal stop by that name let me say it again, it's like flat yeah, that's a happy pink pull your right, it's like like an yellow wrapper and it's flat, it's like a candy barrel it's a taffy, daffy Jesus, god, you pull it but at least two other children have died no one's safe pull it, that's a chicken oh, that's right, it's gonna be kissing it again don't pull it just stop, stop, please stop, stop, stop, please shut up, shut up, two by four in his mouth or something, when you play the at least, let's get to two a clock today but at least two other children have died of the same virus in Turkey and as of Tuesday, 15 people have tested positive for infection, polliner, test many our children, and then this is also appear to be spreading in parts of the world where the virus has been deadly until now only in East Asia, it's sure but like some may have been hit the worse but, I read that story only because of the chicken looking factor, but nevertheless, here's the important story study questions, bird flu, paranoia oh my god exactly, paranoia, keep them scared be afraid, all of that stuff be afraid be very afraid oh yeah studies suggested most people are supposed to avion flu do not become seriously ill and we cover in a few days, even as a surgeon suspected human burplocases, is raising alarm in Turkey I wonder if you can get it from Turkish tuffy well that's stuff, it does yank your feelings that must be a dentist delight the sweetest study published yesterday in the archives of internal medicine so the survey of yet to me showed that most people handled dead or sick poultry reported mild flu like symptoms, but did not have the severe reaction health officials said could sweep the globe and by the way, I should point out that this particular strain has been around for 10 years the H5N1, this is like not a brand new strain this strain of burplous been around for 10 years and you know how many people have died from it in the tinny and again only from contact with birds and chickens 80 so 80 that's 80 years and then on Salakay pandemic to you it's a freaking epidemic doctor Anna Thursna the Carolin's get institutin in Stockholm in Stockholm, who led the studies said that all of the survey subjects were not tested for the H5N1 avion flu virus researchers think that participants had it researchers also said concerned about a pandemic has been fueled by the fact that only the worst human case has been reported to help officials since the 2003 outbreak in Asia were the non-exceptive which you call your sanitary folks the verified human cases of highly pathogenic avion influenza in Vietnam may represent only a selection of the most severe theial patients the study said but doctor Anthony Fauci directed the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases to the idea study he's got reservations about this study he said that without blood tests it's impossible to know whether the people had influenza much less avion influenza or maybe the redric and avion water or maybe those French got to them there is enough sufficient specific data to draw any conclusions as to the prevalence of birds flu in that community doctor Fauci said and because on other words they don't know but it would but about the be afraid the inapanic and go out and buy a lot of tamarcer and stock up on it this like effect you can show that at sipper was probably outdated now it's probably four years old since 2001 that's right anything and what what company was it was that was having all that problems and all of the company that makes you know that was it and fresh I forgot it will come to me wasn't bear was it no no no no no that was a big drug manufacturer was it all kinds of financial problems and all of a sudden everybody was by and sipper because oh we got it and get our meals going to have answer action it by the way let me ask you a few questions real fast so do you have the break here a few real fast questions we got a summer yet who I'll spend much time thinking about here and I notice they just had a new tape from his sidekick there also I hear he I'm in the payment we got him yet we got all of my mobile all mark how about alzarka we got him yet we ever solved those I answer as many things we got them yet but no but we're doing a hell of a job on reading people's merlot happener phones excellent job protecting all you folks from evil twelve forty twenty two one is a legal man this guy's a real mass you know fact i'm going to do that sort of a launching in virginian and in the house he's probably high five and bush on at the all he's a crooked liar to well here you go nevertheless he just doesn't like you know minorities and women and facts and uh... why and uh... people who work for a living right families he has like these things right i want to say a lot of money twelve forty one two a and we got the moment to three-side hours of the old right we put him he put in a high-year now man for some heavy duty work four to seven and we got uh... hurricane hotline and seven no guilty of a so we got the rest of the week at the beast at the burglies at nine and he can't attend a clock no game because the panthers in san Luis tomorrow the san looze blues they really suck and in Curtis and lanymartes and well we don't want to get to parhead though don't let me up for what we can schedule too much a lot of lanym that's what we learned happy new year from the fine folks at armstrong for the homestay two thousand five was a stupid this year and thousands not hundreds of thousands of new customers took advantage of the needle and bought their new fort from our strong for why do people shop there it's easy piece of cake armstrong for guaranteed great price great service act of the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family owned dealership pick up the full right now co-general man the day of rich at three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve when you buy new fort from armstrong for the homestay also get like a twenty four long time that exclusive tires and batteries for life program that's correct three tires and batteries for life of your car when you buy arms from four neck and save you a whole lot of cash thousand dollars the rich in the staff at armstrong for guarantee you won't find a better price any place of why would you want to shop any place else and pick locally on the operating you know they're going to treat you great because they want to make you a customer forever not a one time quick deal co-baiting switch no phone is sales so start the year off right with a new fort from our good friend David rich in a staff at armstrong for the homestay and you'll find the material 725 south to see highway just 20 easy minutes south just cruise on down south of the eighty six check them on the way of armstrong cars dot common and grab a few miles extra to save yourself a whole potload of money thousands and billions of dollars when you do your car shopping at armstrong for the highwaymen right in five less is acknowledged that's Braimler Mace. silicon re  averrellah I'm gonna start right away and get away a thousand dollars here. The category is phrase. Let's go I'm gonna use Lex and I'm on it out that can help you Sure something will pop in my head here So the pressure of trying to come over that nature, but There you go I shouldn't be drinking alcohol The mom loves your stuff That call we had before the last break. There was the most morbid call I think I've ever had All these years in about 30 And they then credible I thought they sent her was like any three years old 87 years old and like had like emphysemen with I 63 this guy is about 60 and what am I gonna croak you know and if I got any special plan He's got a lot of fiddle picked up He went out to anyone Tell me give us your email if you got one and I'll email you the date I was in it. We'll make a date for my death. We're gonna have you taxidermy and put on display there you go And they control like a rotten hollow high at me and your humans can come of course I'll be dead too One of the great things about to having me to this party. Oh, there's old nasty rotten bastards that called on KAT and WS news You're not peace out glad you're not bad. They're all pushing up pans you know And that's something it's something Wow, you know, I mean as you get older that's one of the things that happens. I mean friends enemies people are in the ground You know and you look back and say holy cow, but when we meet time you're still alive That's something you're still alive. You're looking at me right morning. You're not too happy We'll let you see necessarily, but nevertheless you're still breathing and living yeah Great news in Miami speaking of its a crime only 56 homo homicides We're reported in the city of Miami in 2005 and major crime was down 5% from the previous year police brass said today Police brass knuckles chief John Timony. I wonder how his kids doing without eight million pounds of pot I'll see him no more. No, so didn't hear no more about that Chief John Timony said in a morning press conference the murder rate hit a low not seen since the mid-1960. Oh, man See that they hit him with five shots And there's still alive. I don't know there was only four five shots To compare two decades ago in 85 Miami police log 137 homicides Up for the city statistics. He takes himself 80% 86% of those while the national average clearance rate hovers around the least 63% at hovers This is a good news story said Timony unlike the course of story about his kid with those 42 million pounds of pot They was kind of pedal these statistics are unofficial, but likely certainly official numbers will be sent to the FBI April he said after press conference by me mayor many DAs Who said is still putting those bills on ashore commissioner Joe Sanchez and city manager Joe area Ola he held a declining crime right crime right as a historic For a serious long been associated with crime They're trying to crime of course mirrors the trend all across the country nation wide violent cram was down or in the first six months of last year compared to the same period in 2004 violent crime category includes murder Forcible rape robbery and aggravated assault So let's see we had how many for that guy to call that was a spent all that time an oath guilty a shopping ball Couple weeks ago remember that guy who was give me the lecture about Toronto and know what that's what he wants and how violent it is here and Let's see have a city of Toronto is a two-and-a-a-min in people okay great on the GTA the greater trunters like four to five minutes But so two and a half million a city of Miami, Stanford in 62,000 So let's say eight yeah between eight now. I'll just I'll do you say we're say only eight So 56 times eight is what 48 448 there were 72 murders in Toronto in 2005 if we had the same rate as the city of Miami would be a 448 that wouldn't have been too great Okay, I would be like Detroit and the New York and Chicago places like that Because again, this is not the eight pound of heat mine. That's a city of Miami 56 homo sides Got it I bet a guy who spent those two minutes in Oakville Which is like spending two minutes in Voighton, Vichiro and is the expert on Toronto and the GTA and all the here and idiot and don't come back Please we're no no care without you Speaking of America and this whole crime situation and even though crime is down You know things that we look enough we're not killing quite as many as we used to Where's the one that's oh? Oh don't have it. I didn't do that over That's the American way. Yeah, I did I should have put edit on there should not Anyway moments before their trial was to begin five white South Carolina use admitted their roles in a mob attack on a black teenager And we see prison sentences from a judge who called directions the spikable and cowardly and of course also said The teens ages 17 and 18 Terribly stood before judge Doyette early with heads bowed as the judge gave him a sentence his raging from two and a half to six years in state prison two and a half to six years That was that Their victim Isaiah Clyburn 17 said though his through his lawyer. He forgave them He holds no hatred in his heart for what they did attorney trade gaudy said what have he skied the Kirk gaudy or apple pan doubty Never chopped out of who before lawyers could begin opening statements on two they've a teens pleaded guilty Detourged of aggravated ass salt and battery and second degree of lynching second-array lynching lynching baby Why do you think they call a lynch bird Virginia? This was South Carolina. Well same difference. I thought it was because of that lemonade once you get south of a Pennsylvania Ohio and I'll have to share about Ohio You'll ask that's the mad dog about solenoid Ohio And about Joe Marstonier from Finley, Ohio But you didn't think I knew that dig findberg Finley, Ohio the homo Joe Marstonier. How do you like that? Do I know my harness racing trivia or what? huh? South Carolina legally defines lynching as a mob attack against indivisible where the victim survives It was an accident, but somebody got hurt Prosecutor said the fog riding doing nearby drag strip and tree pickup trucks are costed Clyburn on July 7th as you walked along a world road in Cherokee County South Carolina. Oh nothing could be better than to get out of South Carolina in the moment Huh or the evening or any time yeah Before it's too late. Maybe that's why that John and your rema whatever it is in a Columbia South Carolina keeps Faxing all the time He's just trying to stay inside and stay safe One of the defendants shouted a racial slur another identified as Christopher Scott kates Probably can defeat kates or maybe George kates challenge plywood to a fight and the other surrounded Clyburn beating and kicking him Prosecutor said I want to be skinned to van Clyburn Clyburn who didn't know any of his assailants tried to run to a friend's house but couldn't scale a barbed wire fence The beating continued across the road into a ditch afterward Prosecutor said the defendant Lucas Bryce climbed back under his truck and showed his clustering to a female passenger bragging This is where I got him in the head Who you're not the only one who got some good licks in another defendant said a great across the cuters When you think of lynching goes back today's we've advanced from since they represented Carl Allen. Oh how naive he is speaking on behalf of the Clyburn family The attack he added is put a shackle on Isaiah's mind that he's trying to work from Each of the defense attorneys asked for mercy one calling his finally church going boy there you go I rest my case right Every one of these cases on he was a good church going boy Just like Jeffrey Dhammer all these people all good church going boys Who made a foolish mistake another attorney repeatedly referred to the incident as a fight But the judge was on move you were an embarrassment to the community and yourselves judge early told the defendants You acted in a despicable cowardly way Sending young men to Joe isn't fun or we said it's definitely inmates It's something that I hate to do what a lot of good time with those kids in there They're well like a buddy at a state prison senses are needed to send them message like Joey's eyes Oh baby Who are community in our states that we won't tolerate this type of behavior this barbaric rotis lynching crap man and speaking of that There's wolf blitz creek and not see if there ever was one K17 was identified as the instigator tearfully apologized I just want to say I'm sorry to the family for everything that happened. I hope everybody forgive me I made a mistake. I'm sorry. Well, Brandon Lee said that and big stink and deal who cares? The judge told Kate unfortunately in this society I have to punish you and you have to stand forward like a man and take that punishment now bend over A few minutes later we handed Kate to the harshest sentence six years in prison five years probation for hundred hours of interview service So I guess that was the harshest one he could do it I say yeah Three others just and actually a couple of say team kind of two gene miller junior 18 and Christ 70 I'm under kinets related to Joe Marchdonir and Christ 17 received three or census for lynching along with five years probation 300 hours of community service Jerry Christopher Tony 18 was sentenced to two and a half years in prison five years probation and three of ours at community service Dries apologize directly to Clyburn. I just want to say I'm sorry for what happened to you. He said through tears I'm so sorry The judge said he felt responsible to send a message to this community in this state that anybody wants to act with mob violence For an individual they're going to the state of permanent questions for a period of time There's Brenda Yeah, maybe like Arnie she just wants to apologize. What do you think? Come on Time's sorry He pointed out that the ugly oven. That's enough Brandon She's so alive by the way, Brenda Lee. I don't know about it. Okay. Let's see pinky Lee dead Ren d'Alie you're looking at off your group of minutes F Lee Bailey he's still alive. Hey, yeah, hey Lee You else who else Lee Marrow weather she was Miss America she was on the big was that show the big to miss That there yeah As a matter of fact she was a catwoman that woman she was one of them right She was also on Barclose Jones we mirror weather She she was a good buddies with Jim. Jebadaia. Yeah, Brenda Lee. She's still alive. Oh This thinks slow all of a sudden anyway He pointed out that the ugly ugly situation a judge had cast a shadow adverse and nasty publicity our community Adding it just takes one incident like this to tell the warrior a backward hating type of community. Oh, you're right about that and you are Several passes by who up Tyvern and called police were present in the courtroom but didn't speak Tyvern's family moved back to the attack so come to terms with they move the can't imagine why I moved out of that horse and buggy horse ball town South Carolina Now think it'd be fine. Okay. How's Brenda doing? Can't find it well your computer there. It's slow. It's the internet. It's a dragon Yeah, the internet is a little slow. They don't know what's going on. Maybe it's maybe it's one goes internet. Oh God a tax 30 60 world. She's still kicking all right He's still kicking and she's still sorry is so kicking it all after some of the record she made a camp gamer 12th of the eight of QM when you're shopping for shoes you're nowhere to go now In fact, there are a lot of things I enjoy always is time you were to go and it's brandy shoes and poppin of beach for the most comfortable fit New favorite style of shoes brandy is absolutely ununbeatable. That's right. They carry humongous You mong it. I wanted to say it. Okay. Unbeatable a Geogannic selection just about all the top brands you could have ever won rockport floor shine echo new balance SAS and a fist or one all the others and Brandy's professional few fitters always makes sure that you have a customized fit of that favorite Comfort you just talk to our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fit and always of course at the right price They'll say be a lot of cash what's not to like man best prices in town best election name brand shoes Friendly sales holes on your feet inside and I think you'd be recognizing by the smell of your tutsies The pros at Brandy's really understand fit and confident even special item why specializing my wits as well So from anywhere in South Florida Brandy's is well worth a trip and you'll find them at 1290 North Edible Highway in Palpeter Beach Where they've been going great for years and years They're often daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week is a stupidest a great time even better than usual to buy rockport shoes Brandies visit Brandy's today and take 10 to 20 bucks off their great rockport selection only this week and only in Brandy's shoes Top of no beach Is meal Rogers This is 5 16 Not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon Tonight on celebrity home here and with the reports the chips Absolute Amboy not I call you What do you got? You just cost me 6,000 and one count of three. Oh, this is a scents and excitement. You can expect from low budget, dumb down television. Like this viewer here. I've been in a hurry. I was learning. Oh, God, I want to. Become a machine gelo in a chair with celebrity poker. Oh, yes, for you. 103 or 560 WQM and Mollman coming up until clocked this afternoon. Best regional food in the USA. I don't think they like this pool. I just have a feeling. I don't know why. 467 vote. We put it on it right after 11 o'clock. They don't like it. What do that for like? I don't know. I thought it was one of our, my better efforts. I guess because I thought it up instead of Sean or some listener. They can't even know what it is. Or maybe they just don't understand it. Oh, that would be new. How about spaghetti? How about spaghetti? How about Franco American? There you go. Jeff Boyardy. Right. Oh, I do like shipwready better than Franco American. Although if you're in the right loop, a can of a nasty Franco American spaghetti with some Swiss cheese in it. Oh, man. I listen. Have you ever done that? No, but listen to me. It's just a little bit. Listen to me. I know, but listen. What you do is you open a can. You don't take the lid off and you like drain off all the excess of water we tomato sauce. Yeah, like water. And then you take your scedi out of there and you put it like in a bowl and you take a couple of pieces of Swiss cheese. Good size of the pieces of Swiss cheese and stick it in the middle there and you like stir it up a little bit. And you put it in the microwave, no kidding for two, three minutes. And man, it's like all cheesy crap. It's good. I don't think I could get past the part where you buy it. No. Best regional food in the USA. New York pizza. And I want to look at you. They say, yeah, that's right up your alley. Yeah. New York pizza 90. Nobody can touch that in the York pizza. It's the water. It's the recipe. It's the something. It's something about it. It's not an amateur is but nobody. It's not the same. What are Roman pizza look, I said earlier that we all thin crust. Oh, mom, let me. Oh, for me. Anybody who thinks that they've had real faint. I, and that's our lot of good Italian restaurants, but. Anybody who thinks they've had great Italian food and never been Italy. I forget about it. You just don't know what you've been talking about. Others have a candidate. If session. Please pissed off. York pizza 90. Philly cheese day 62. Ten's lost a lot of weight. It looks pretty good there. I think he might be around longer than that collar before. Philly cheese day 62. Buffalo chicken wings 37. One of the drop off there is strictly between the New York pizza and Philly cheese day gay Chicago pizza only 35. All for. Oh, for me. I got to have that tomorrow. Okay. Louisiana King John. You don't have one. We will plant. I don't have that. And we will plant. Chowder 31. Cuban cuisine 24. Main lobster 24. How come you got that night on? You do have it. I do. It's the 12th of what open. All in the numbers. You just play. I do. I see. 7. Fried chicken 23. Don't kiss it, though. Eat it. Don't kiss it. Texts. 21. Maryland Blue crab 14. I'm trying to. If I can't eat it, I ain't kiss him. The England grinder is 11. Keyway. Keyway slime. Pied 10. Carolina BBQ 10. Rochester White Hot 9. Chicago Hot 8. I like that. Rochester Pizza. Chicago so far., DC. I do. Houston Swiss super intellectual conspiracy mattress. summers 312,000 dollars in Maxwell. Chicago's like 315,000 people Chuck Mitiqis Sch Morgan sunglasses. Started. Seventeen. Now. On the same. to the prime minister right after no election to Stephen Harper that fascists faster jerk pork for jerk chicken for Texas barbecue brisket three chicago polish kibbasa three New York water dogs too I don't think anybody even knows what we're talking about or guys talking about huh I sure as all though no then just had dogs that are cooked in an in those carts like you said outside yeah they like sitting in the water all day they're boiled maybe they call them that they're all they're not real they're not cooked unlike a little they're not they mean you know because there's a lot of places where like here when you go to the carts they they had the grills they cook all the weirdness songs he's on grills oh boiled hotdogs yeah that's why they call water dogs that San Francisco sourdough bread one New York Bagels one Texas blue ball ice cream's got one from wherever called it in and it refacts it in should be honored it's a brand name I think next in chorizo and Texas folks are said none oh come on that chorizo maybe is fantastic now is that also a Cuban delicacy chorizo I think all of these Spanish cultures have that in common man that's one of the very few good things I ever had an Amsterdam and restaurant was chorizo boy I love that I'm way when you go to Amsterdam don't smoke too much weed because it'll make you very hungry to be in McDonald's a lot or KFC killer food chicken don't smoke too much salsa be the yeah I'm serious because if you're hungry there you're you have problems because there's not so many places to satisfy your hunger even satisfy other things but not your hunger yeah was there a place there my friend was telling me there's a place where they put like burgers in a window and you put like money in and you could just take it out of the window oh now he's talking about the auto man yeah you don't want to go there there's one right on new and I right behind the a damn rack right in the middle of chorizo stripper yes that they've been there for that they've done those in the York and I'm sure they still do the auto math I guess yeah oh fully and you got to nuk those anyway they're not cooked you know I think they're ready to go no I don't think they're ready to go Mr. they're like okay when you go to Amsterdam you eat one of those the nice known you and always that's where he's talking about oh man and the good news is that place called good luck yeah which is right by Chiquita sexy place there that with all the big deal those in the window good luck they still got the same pieces near to the member when I had my apartment a couple years ago yeah oh man I just don't I don't hit them I just absolutely don't get it they have stuff in the window and then they like they got macaroni in there you know would you make it a plastic it's not made a plastic I've seen them reach in there and grab a slice and put these up in the oven and the oven but you if you haven't even at the auto man I got a situation for you don't wow WQA M hello hello Neo WQA M hello hello Neo yes sir I got self-portive piece of kitchen they are still exist I believe I think there's one on a 60 highway or US one on a pop and all but what is that I want to the restaurant here over there it's all right they just make pieces not I guess obviously but they're claim is that they invented barbecue chicken pizza so barbecue chicken pizza it's not very good is it yeah I didn't think so the first time I was seeing barbecue chicken pizza all over the world so it's not like I don't believe that number one and number two is not a regional specially see that they don't get it they don't they why am I taking more calls now they don't understand I thought this was a fine poll and thank God they are good I put most of the choices on there at least good whole bunch of men in the beginning you know what I'm saying what he said because I understood the poll because I don't want to thought it up but like barbecue how about pepperoni pizza how about pineapple pizza how about bread yeah I got one for and it is in the US even those the long ways away how about Polynesian food which you get in Hawaii a lot I'm not just talking about that they are they but the chin-tiki and Detroit and the Mike Kai and Trader Vix and all those places and the and the Mona law let's put it out the Mike Kai right there in Fort Lodderdale which is the tourist map I've never less huh right Polynesian food Polynesian food right we'll put it on there well I mean Hawaii go there and you get like uh kind of authentic Polynesian even though it's not Polynesian but still a bit closer to them saying oh the way the Mike Kai's very good it's just incredibly expensive I I didn't agree with you I ate there a few years ago I did not find it to be very good there many times over the years well it's because you don't know what real Polynesian food so you think it's great that's right okay that would be like in a tombstone pizza and looking at it at home and saying boy this is the best pizza I ever had if it's the only one you ever had I say yeah probably not too bad offer him just like I said we'd live this never ever let up never just take your foot off the your head bad Sydney Australia for Australian Chris Lions we said in a 4400 digit number was as easy as pie oh you said I'm gonna be pie where he drove himself and I had the answer Lions 36 we said the first 4400 digits of pie a mathematical value that has an infinite number of decimal places without a single error how do they know at the 2006 mines court Australia festival on Monday organized with David court over said on Tuesday the memory coach from the southern city of Melbourne so two and a half hours to complete the feet Lions Eddie spent just one week memorizing the digits before we said it in front of the judges at the festival with the right techniques and a bit of practice you remember whatever you want Lions said Lions feet is far from the record high ever in July a Japanese psychiatric council we said it pie to 83 thousand and a 431 decimal places from memory breaking his own personal best to 54 thousand digits and setting an official world record midi reports said oh talk about get a life I'm respecting our host of funerals is a hobby better than that you know what I'm saying like that Reverend oh brother yeah you got anything planned special three-year death oh oh that's our four audience man what a bunch of killers they really got a sense of humor long thirteeners and finds signs you know looks too happy but a bit better who put it up hey attention man at you Diane if you have a hair loss problem if you're currently wearing a hair system you better listen to this check out for your as you know has been supplying a designing here systems for the showbiz for personalities politicians and more importantly you the everyday guy for over 40 years now your copies to say 30 but that copy was 10 years old Troy for over 40 years now most people say you can always find a her system but those are the bad ones you can spot you know what I'm saying like that but how many good her citizens go on notice the whole lot Charles off a year as her systems are completely natural design would just write them on a hair in the proper recessions run your hands through it listen feels just like you're on here and listen to this for just 99 bucks Charlie will custom design a her system just for you you try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels it's yours for just an additional 500 bucks and Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied he offered you this amazing guarantee if you not completely happy with the hair system return it and Charlie will give you back the 99 bucks and it costs you nothing now there's an offer you can't refuse so if you want to look better and much much years younger than you ever told you good again here's a way to do it given a trial okay like I said you try for a couple of weeks and if you don't like it get your money back nothing lose but that are we bald spot so Paul Charles off here in the day tool free making employment as studios in for a long day call 1 800 321 24 13 you'll never believe how much better you can look 1 800 321 24 13 around the wicked web Charles off eerie dot com this is me who Rogers this is by 16 consultant this old man he had a heart attack a leg on him a full song next time he's not coming home hey did you like that? I'm sorry I'm sorry with the president this is his name's Bush he's a hemorrhoid in the church we pick the guy who would die so we be alone there's nothing in his empty and now another tale from the cell phone of deep chaney today details celebrity biographer kitty Kelly you hello hello give me Kelly please I am skinny this is a big team in Christ further United States of America how are you? five that's good that's nice something I can ask you is? yes yes it's just that book that's coming on next week that you're out of frankly we we question it's credibility and wondering if maybe you can wait a couple of months before actually putting it out I'm sorry my son is breaking out did you just ask you not to use the current block and so after the election? yes after George Bush did three elected for anyone we won't care then why would I want to use that? let me go why are you? oh my it's your book surely the terrorist win you're messing with the president of the United States of America okay I'm hanging up down we know where you're living don't you think that's right we'll get your little dog total bye what time would you hello hello this has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney remember before the election I had a book I wish though I still had it it was a thin book but it was about Dick Cheney was all about him I'm sure I kept it on the passages on the air and reading and reading uh... Gordish health and baby see at that time we should know that this is the most evil the most ultra right win the most of not just hateful and got keeps he is so evil and even got keeps trying to smite smote him down and he can do it that's right anyway maybe pay robits and a work on it in the eyes of Mr. Blackwell Brittany Spears of one of the big oops fashion wise in 2005 oops maternity where or not the pop star and her years worth of fashion forils top to veteran star watchers forty six annual worst rest women's list released Tuesday yesterday did you see this no when it comes to a couture chaos what a great the phrase that is couture chaos this tacky terrors should take a bow blackwell bitched it is typically torture strange a punctuated couplets from the princess of pop to the ultimate fashion flop by the way when I was watching the school of fortune that's why played that bit earlier and that would show that is for you again her web feet fine when a van we look a van on the web cave heads better half has been a regular blackwell target she's uh... well i thought they were divorced but it is just getting divorced i don't know she was seven time last year's run out of the couturely challenged sorturely coming at number two on the fashion bashes don't list with mary cate also who is ding for vaguely rags that looked he press and we decayed forget the accessories and buy some read a side from spirit several other repeat offenders were once again disdemeye blackwell including recent divorce a jess of the simpson it's time to sack the stylist and divorce the designer she resembles a cut rate repunzel sling in hash in a biggest diner and in a cool smith first of pincor battle proves every fashion dog has their day unless she's mistaken for queen con toton taught i think not even long-gory was the only was to really didn't as an amic list of undesirable this year thanks to her garrish taste her desperate housewife's core nickel a chair new top the worst rest list last year and it was skip this time around blackwell apparently took no pitty and squared no puns for some of the established fixtures fresh off revelations of drug use in an eating disorder lensy low end was deemed a fashion fright while single for months more than a zelvigger also took a verbal beading rene runs the gamut from to be the direct to write carpet wreck just take your pickback well-bladed to be the direct to write carpet wreck she was like a painted pumpkin on a phobostick rye carries the comeback you didn't want to run remarked upon by blackwell fashion's hairy carries tracks again blackwell quipped the world of pods your musical emancipation but please leave that body to our imagination and that one big booby also getting the thumbs down was she kira who blackwell declared hopeless now he's crossed the line you got to four we like all she kira i think i have to play some roast bits not just a piss him off let's be deemed to mean blackwell again issued his statement is in there's only a plight of the this is fashion said this is fashion sense not the court is a personal as he also had some nice things to say in addition was tough and fashion disasters he named his rhyme free fabulous fashion dependence of 2005 ask her helpful reswittist moon headed list along with cursed and done scarlet her hands and came lost netley foreman and the perennial the cold kidman also making the court were perist mama Kathy hilton uh... designer carol and her were the on warwick and hollywood fundraiser next heavy man senior wife jenny man senior have on mr man senior here's a the top ten the worst rest brittie number one murky also number two third and even on gory number four rye carry sinko parents help number six and a call smith number seven she kira number eight linsey low and nine and reinezel winger number ten so winger show how you like that all right to use the old uh... he's old now for dinner yeah well worn at this point i mean you know in a desperate moment and rather incoherent moment i guess you know for some of you guys really desperate fine take a look at those calls but what it's a bit of this poll they don't get it they don't understand what they got nothing for it uh... i i thought that was pretty understandable regional food you know like uh... newingland clam chatter and uh... silly cheesesteak in europe pizza and uh... regional uh... on no five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and a barisand see the wildest time they're probably all glued to those confirmation hearings man there could be a little hearing from you think even though son i'm right now that's riveting kira folks is on cnn what is your president and comment we're talking about the book that about the uh... ladies and gars on our rack and course they were how to help we get out i don't think in history anybody has ever been even in the atonine because of politically not me johnson leased in runnigan casino he had no chance and even though those okay runnigan he knows that it's in election year and off your election 2006 and the republicans are psychotic and foaming at the mouth how do we get out anybody got any ideas or whoops to kill a m hello yes sir hey high i have one for your poll really yes uh... regional cuisine creole how's that different from your kjon uh... hey john is like uh... blackened this and that made by uh... the white we've been in is the different it's like pasta but he had to say well actually i was now okay thanks oh no jesus you could have lost my had my finger on a button or any other stuff you know how that is you've had runnigan's in the show yeah and anyway so creole is good i see the right differentiated just put creole on there okay and so we will uh... say i'm confused about the i'm not saying i don't know if the night in the island's a creole what's the story uh... twenty six past one just pretend to didn't see that it five sixty few and we got the mole man to a clock coming up baby it's got to be uh... probably getting already for the big playoff games this weekend let's see who this josh like and then for in the wind definitely Denver finally a TV experience like no other contested jolt table with on demand is easy to use and has lots to love and today you can try for just twenty ninety nine nine a month for four months why is tv so much better with on demand for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whatever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy tv on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows sports home and for me shows guitar lessons and just about everything else you'll always have something to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on demand you can start stop the boss we wanted fast forward programs using that remote control you can't get all this with satellite with up to two hundred fifty channels plus on demand you can build your own tv's case will have a axe for more and best of all on demand is free with comcast digital cable so pick your show time sit back in the wonder how you ever man's without it call today order comcast digital cable in hco with a power on demand for just twenty nine ninety nine a month for four months call nine five four comcast and brought or three oh five comcast and date call for details certain restrictions apply three oh five comcast and date call in and brought nine five four comcast this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty six yes most boys tonight just the yes be in the retarded midget wrestling but even i can make a sport or show about that they may be that still think of a 40 can you know if I got to go back to the market I have just been here watching this is to you know movie channel drop a pistachio not show my back of the pants it's got to be back to thinking of the time I was a rabbi and must be piece of Hey, listen, he's home! He's Puerto Gow. He's big. Please! He's a desert. All right, all right, all right. All right, all right. Whole, all right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right. All right. And then, then, there, what a good old toy. What am I watching there? I dropped one of my nuts. I'll come with a little bit of a thing there. I didn't even always have to go down there. Oh, there it is. Got it. Yeah, yeah. Still good for me. I'll pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Remember that song by Mary Hopkins, those were the toys? Yes, I do. Yeah, the good old toys. 133, owners, your president. See a lot of police training. Oh, man. Oh, we all need a lot of police training. And we need like our rehab. We need like, hold those, both of those elections all over again. You know, somebody I was in a shaming this morning and somebody I got really pissed off after about 30 seconds about I was thinking about it. About 30 man. Al Gore. Oh, yeah. When you think back to that scene in Congress, the Joint Center Congress, when the black members of the black caucus are standing up after the fixed 2000 election, and they're calling him Mr. President and they're all up. And he's gambling them down. And you have a Senator signature from a Senator. No, we don't. But all of us to get out of here. But let's spy on less Democrats. I mean, a future of the country and a whole world more likely, I was at stake. And in the meantime, I will. I know a bunch of equivocators and wafflers. At least one in Roli in 10 care Tennessee State Health Program got a surprise. When she dialed an insurer's toll free help, line and got a pitch for sex talk. Bethany Morgan said she used a 1-800 number promoted by John Deere Health and ensure that it ministry is 10 care benefits to order new prescription cards. She said a message on the line prompted to call another number that told her, welcome to an exciting way to go live. I'll one on one with hot horny girls are waiting now to talk to you. They got that number there. Sorry. No. Oh. I've never recatted anything like this before Morgan told WATV. The big eight. I thought I was going to get insurance cards. Not a sex line. I didn't hear all of it. I hung up. Oh, yeah. Morgan placed another call to make sure she was diving correctly. I dialed the number again. They gave me, okay. I'm not losing it. It's really a sex line. Morgan said she had called the same number months ago and she assistance in add no problems. Tom Flores is spokesman for John Deere Health released his statement two day. That said, the company regrets this mistake and is taking action to ensure the correct phone number is published in the future. He said the company have mistakenly put in an incorrect phone number that appeared in our newsletter for 10 care members. Well, at least it'll keep their blood flow in maybe. The phone number was previously a John Deere Health customer service number, but this continued in December not updated in the publication. So, there's another business. Obviously a bunch of favorites. You'll be pleased to know I'm not only my dress, but I've got my shoes on. Wow. It hurry. It must be on 36. You understand my, I've got everything orderly here, man. I say, I'm like an orderly. Starting on one o'clock with a shirt in the pants and then like about 130. One, uh, got the shoes on. I'm ready to rush to the door to get out of here on a Wednesday. What's wrong with that? Good thing you brought your team before the show. No, you know. What am I going to eat? I didn't have the bacon, but I got my dentist. You know, the bad thing about these things, I think these are great. I forgot what the brand name is. These these dentist sticks. These little tyscic picks. Uh-huh. Are you keeping it? And if you got his hat, you can't. So what you're called? It's probably good for you, but it's like having it for me. And he's picking and picking and picking. Like picking you know is be this. Keep picking. And I think that if you keep charn on these long after the plastic starts. Uh, getting in your throat. You know what I mean? We'll go get a new one. Change it out frequently. No, no, you understand. What do you mean a new one? You even know what I'm talking about. I'm like, oh, uh, huh? There's like a hundred and a little, uh, plastic bikes. Don't go crazy with it. Why would you mean go get a new one? What was that mean? Like when you, like when the one you're chewed on starts getting ready. Well, it's all ready. It's all ready, ready. And the uh, benefit too. Well, listen, I'm getting ready for my funeral anyway. I'll explain it for you. We'll put the details on our website. You got to get a full ask. WCQAM hello. Hello. Yes. You want to explain to me what's going on with the Republican sentence. nomination for the Supreme Court Justice. No. 560560 is called mole fascism is what it's called. If you like a little, you're like mole fascism. WCQAM hello. Hey. Yes, deal. Yeah. Hey. Uh, Bonimo Turkish tapis. Yeah. Remember that? Cayman vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry. That is absolutely correct. Your voice was good. Yeah. You used to take it and use a slap it on a table and it would break it up from pieces. That's right. That's the way to do it. Take that baby and slap it on the table. Flap it out. That's right. That's the shameless request. I haven't heard a long time learning to spell with our no direct. You got a month. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. All us old geases man. Remember that Turkish tapis. And he's right because I think we're so hard. You just about break your teeth trying to chop it up. I'm going to have the whole thing. So, so you have like smash it on something to break up. So you can handle the small pieces. I think. Oh, my coffee. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word broken. Fellys with me now. Broken. The arrow KPM. Now. Let's use it in the sense. So I said to the cojas says man. That broken show throw a football. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L Jackson. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word defend. Fellys with me now. Defend. D-E-L-C-M-F-E. Now, let's use it in the sense. I ruined my new hot top climbing over defense. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word European. Fellys with me now. You're a fiend. You are O-F-E-A-N. That's the big one. Now, this you put in the fiend. So I said to the cojas say, hey, get away from my cop. You're a fiend on my top. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. And today we're going to spell the word. Fellys with me now. Oh, A-O-S-E. Now, let's use it in the fiend. Hey, dude. Hold it, D-E-L-F-E. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be done, L-Gap. This is a Neo Roger. This is 560 QA. It's your well-med in their lives. So that you may enjoy the benefits of coal. Much like the 29 women who died in a factory fire. And the new one is the new one. The new one is the new one. The new one is the new one. The new one is the new one. The new one is the new one. Maybe two women who died in a factory fire. So that you may have crankhandles for your phone and pick collar or the two hard working jits that's sell themselves to gather in a fetbridge prison to flood the market with spirits? Yes. It's a sharpened dress man, that wears stripes of showedmweir. Oh, a Fitualling  won't take turns but It prints in some. Oh, man. mine trapped in the 50s I'm part of the 1850 I love that score oh yeah oh there's your president it's not the kind of talk about candy bars again tappy earlier and so the piece won't be the kind of pp. there he is talking to us you're very well selected in uh heavily sedated audience wow and I'm Kentucky somewhere he'd be speaking Kentucky what a banger one is near your president round the university's library I hope that to San Mali to his people listen to this very important story to headlines says some of country's best libraries have books bound in human skin woo and wouldn't surprise me that it's san Mali to has a few lamps at home where the lampchains are made from human skin anyway brown u the university's library boasts an anatomy book that combines form and function in macabre fashion it's covered tan and polished away smooth golden brown like fine leather is made of human skin from wood art and about that in fact the number of the nation's finest libraries including harbards have such books in their collections did you ever hear this before no man the practice of binding books in human skin was not uncommon in centuries past even if it wasn't always discussed in polite society impolite this is a real fly open and I never heard this maybe it's foreskin right i do something with it if you rep it it turns into a toldman at the transit when cyclopedia at the time the best libraries belong to private collectors some word doctors what access to skin from anti-ampiated parts and patients whose bodies have gone unclained in other cases wealthy dilly or files acquired skin from executed criminals medical school could haveers and people died in the poor house if you got any books to a fabric by the way I let you know what my funeral right was going to be you can smear my ashes on okay i was getting nowadays i guess i should have saved it jar i needed it nowadays libraries typically keeps such volumes in their rare book collections and don't allow them to circulate but scholars can examine them probably with a stethoscope browns john hay library has three books found in human skin at 1568 an enemy takes by the Belgian surgeon and rays basarius and two nineteen centuries dozens of the dance of death a medieval more morality tale one copy of dance of death was rebound in 1893 by Joseph Zane's door a master binder in London oh god joys i can't do it i know just look away on no to his client reports they didn't have an a skin had a split it am i still hurt like hell the front cover bound in outer layer of skin is slightly bumpy takes your life soft sandpaper the spine and back cover made from the interlayer feel like swayed oh man i'm at your eldest and right proud curl-perkins were to love that you know it's forty six degrees here but keep in mind there's no such thing as global warming no comic plot forty six the dance of death is about how death prevails over all richer poor as with many of the skin bond bottoms there was some tie in with a content of the books had sam's right directed the john he library similarly many of the volumes are medical books the colors of physicians of Philadelphia has some books bond by doctor john stuck in huff who diagnosed the cities first case of tricky noces he use that patient's given the blah by three of the volumes oh man don't be the book she'll get tricky nozes the hypothesis that i was suggesting is that these positions in this to honor the people for the medical research said lower heartman a rare book a rare book catalog written national library of medicine in Maryland and author of a paper on the subject and most cases universities have the libraries acquired the books of donations to his part of collections that they purchased how they like that well books bound in human skin the strange the bizarre stuff that we learn i got a great article about diabetes in the trash food industry which i'm going to save to tomorrow doesn't mention any uh... not an international like don't name your own son what is that it's just like generic i see from the boss and go but in fact it also be on our website tomorrow very important new octane just in the notice a blah blah last year had a uh... i i had like a link to it on his a blog big store and i'd be decent like uh... he'd be your saying emails of the day and like he pointed out to me it's a great series but nobody's gonna read it that's right you're gonna continue to show up in all that stuff down your throat and then when you like lose the leg and an eye and another eye and uh... kidney and your cell gene how come nobody told me about it i will say this doctor's man is usual doctors read dropped the ball you want to know why because there's a lot of money in treating a dive like so a lot of good health and that's right there's no money in good health is all a lot of money in bad health and so when you have all these afflictions the kidneys in the uh... skin and the legs and the infections in the all these all of these uh... or they're making money handover limp over a fist and online publication as a laser genes rise bestselling memoir about substance abuse did you see this story no a million little pieces wildly exaggerates his past with inflated claims about his criminal record and about his involvement in the accident that killed two high school girls currently number one best seller in Canada fries memoir became a huge hit after in lursman from t.e. host of all for a win free i'm not to say yes i did see the story but i had no idea who that guy is oh everybody gets a funny book after everybody gets a liver and everybody gets a statement everybody gets a funny book police reports court records interviews with all of them for a person all resources have put the latest many key sentence of price book according to a couple of the sunday on smoking gun dot com fry is threatened to so smoking gun is lawyer martin singer was adamantly available for comment on monday the books hardcover publisher double day and paper back publisher anchor senator at the same and we stand support of our all the genes find as book which is touched alive of uh... ziggins come to find out this guy's got a lot of money's got the big bucks and he's that about whatever okay they're all you silly women out there with an opera fixation okay and i'm passed out back runs i think they get hypnotized by that so that we'll afford to spend civil hypnotized you know just watch the opening of the show and and look at the looks on the faces of these women yeah and he was never why yeah one fifty two a two a.m. who says that provided the thirteen for his unlucky night of competent park racing in poker come on to get lucky just right in the thirteen the popular park there will be free prize drawings just to show you how lucky you can be if you want to trip for two the all the capri are look higher resort or maybe a twenty-inch flat screen television with a build-in db dvac player or maybe a petting voucher or dinner certificates you must be twenty-winter order and are nice copy by the way stable if it's all your little but nevertheless you might get lucky and if that's not lucky enough the first five hundred patrons will get a free lucky rabbit foot keychain that's this Friday the thirteen to pompano park features free admission free general parking every day live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday wins day like today Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon and give their life racing gets underway at seven twenty five and a p.m. and don't forget every Monday night there's a two for twenty five dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more at the track. pompano harness is also open every day your life seven days and nights a week for the best in cymbal casting harness through a barbret hot eye action from all across north america feed and watching plunger guts on pompano park blocks out of the landing bovard and powerline road for new racing schedule nine five four nine seven two two thousand are just go on a web at pompano park dot com don't forget the poker room is open right now as I speak and live racing seven twenty five at a p.m. tonight at pompino park it's day my heavy town look at five six so o I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! You take quicks my chance! I'm gonna kill you! I'm not ready to kill you! Yeah, why is that? I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna kill you! How come women and talents now? I cannot pick you now! Captive me! Fish like my uncle. Yeah, I'm with my Snake and I cannot. Like you're my Kekken CT. And it's true. We're  listening Beth, we're dying with him, same night by some and entertainment. We're NCEN's, and reference caters. So what a mess Matt scores both team. We're on to have to get a little quick deal now. We can get a chance to ask you, Matt, if you want to have some entertainment, I can't give up on the crowd. That was nice. Yeah, I guess it's the accumulative effect when you say, yeah, after the first 4,000 snacks of the face. Yeah, it's finally, hey. It's 157, and Mom is your aunt, his whole, much of stuff coming up next. What? What? The Mom is your aunt, his whole. Best regional food in the USA, 602 votes. I thought this pool was pretty good. Yeah, I don't think we'll ever do it again. I guess that. I mean, there's no reason to do it again because it's, you know, whatever it is, and pretty good battle there between one and two, New York, Pizza 113. Of course, there are a lot of people think that they're going to where restaurants say New York style pizza, like in Florida and New York stuff. Well, that's fine, but that's not New York pizza. They deserve a two year and a root to you. Yeah, they're going to throw it at you. There you go. It's New York pizza. It's from New York. No, like it too bad. Your pizza 113, Philly cheese steak 73, which can be a variety of, and they, I know you laugh, but they do. There's some people like it with cheese whiz. And there's some people who like it with Velvilla. I know. I know. Chicago Pizza 45. Each slice has to weigh about two pounds in order to be the authentic thing. Buffalo chicken wings 45. And again, I'll say one more time. A lot of people have everybody said chicken wings, right? But that doesn't really make them real authentic Buffalo chicken wings. Although I will also give you this warning. Don't go to Buffalo to find out unless you're a maniac. Made last year, speaking of maniac 39, Louisiana KJ on 38, England panch out of 37. Well, that, the England oyster house. So we, uh, we used to have that in South Florida. Do you remember that? Yes. Well, maybe the food was not like it, but the child was the real thing. How to MS. Cuban cuisine 31, text max 28, 75, cheek in 25, he was lined a key line pie 20. Maryland Bluecrab 20. Cincinnati, Chile 13. Wisconsin, Brots 12, Carolina, Barbecue 12, Chicago Hotdogs 12. New England grinders 12, Rochester Whitehots 10. Oh, man, with those good. Donn and Bob's. If Donn and Bob's is still up at our hop on that ferry. Oh, don't say it. Eric Porch 6, your chicken six, Texas barbecue brisket pie New York Bagels 4. San Francisco, sourdough bread 3, Polish, Kamaos and Chicago 3, New York Waterdog 3, Creole 2, Texas Bluebell Ice Cream 2, Mexican chorizo 2, Texas Volkswagen and Palmonation Food so far has got the big. Oh, bye, bye, bye.