Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride and Fox presents When Jew the Tech. Sponsored by the committee to a like George W. Bush and by KFC where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings and 0.2995. When Jew the Tech. I hope tonight on Fox. Maybe not you couple miss all that. To order place we know. To the same amount of hell. Whose first name begins with how? There's one thing we all understand. About Keto will be finished until we blow up that mistake. We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our truths. With special forces our two tired. Jump in through the emphus. You throw and you need another place. Let's go to the LUT's Cut-out of a nonsense. And rule blow up that mistake. You'll accept that for his technical solution. Not in an easy and clear tank. All right, why don't we stop with seafood? And rule blow up that mistake. Hey, it's 10.02.5.60WQAM. Tuesday, August 15. And the vets just keep on coming. They showed all these push lepers and levon they're going back to where their homes used to be. Go back there to where their homes used to be. Yeah, got that. What's the point? I used to be a lot of people live white anymore. Anyway, here's Georgia's pull result from yesterday. Boy, I already just reached right over it. I sure off that monitor. That's kind of my summertime momentality. Why is it summertime time for vacation? Yeah. Right. Maybe take some round from that crowd. Bye-bye. I would say have a great life to those people. Of course, there are probably no lights. I don't have one. Eight hundred ninety votes on Georgia's pull yesterday. What scares you the most? Well, I should have voted for the right one. But then again, so to distribute everybody else. This administration, the bush crowd, the neo-gruns, they put the con and the Ocon baby. They put the Nazi in the O-Nazi. This administration, 548. That's 61% of all the votes. Driving in South Florida, 64. That was scared of how it made two, but I don't do that much. No, no. Terrorist, 50. You know, that's a great line. Or more people in America killed every year in the die in accidents and bathtubs, killed by terrorists. Well, it's killed. Let's start war on bathtubs. That's a good idea. In fact, you can kind of close up your bathtub with that. This queen and duct tape. Terrorist, 50. Filling up my car, 36. That's a scary proposition. Thanks again, Mr. President, for those low, very bargain basement gas prices. Snakes on a plane, 31. The Soviet Union is speaking in public. God, turn to me. I don't know where to come from. A lot of people are afraid to get up in front of people and make speeches. Yeah. Well, how many people are misaddened so you can get up and make speeches? Not a lot, because they're scared too. Not only from the pole. Not turned man. Going to the doctor at dentist 28, bunch of pansies, getting homeowners insurance in Florida 26, seeing an EPD, EPT box in the bathroom 25, the media 25, hurricanes 21, Gators didn't get any, and certainly the simile didn't even get a thought. And the cable going out 14, no comment. No comment. No comment. On Atlanta. Oh, man. Anyway, a sad note. And thanks to where your buddy Miguel for passing this along. From Melissa Chandler and family, it says, Do you know my friend is a big fan of yours? And I also enjoyed your show, especially during the hurricanes. My friend said you've always mentioned Wayne Chandler and the channel of seven weatherman. Well, I'm his daughter. And I'm sad to say that he has passed away at the age of 65. There was a small article in Saturday, Sun Sendel, paper about him. I've heard you always have nice things to say about my father and I thank you for that. If you'd like to contact me to make sure that this is real and that's some fake email. I'm sure it's not. And she's got her email in phone numbers. We had some problems with the hospitals that were taking care of him. We would love your view. Well, how it was. Yeah. Welcome on the hospital. Yes, respecting not to come out. That's my suggestion to everybody. Like, big chef. Remember big chef? No. You don't. But I bet you Josh does. The sports guy? Yeah, I remember. You know, my daughter's skin surgery or some whatever was in the, they killed him in hospital. Anyway, she says, I hope I didn't waste your time. You used to be in a hospital. I just heard you were a fan. And my dad was a fan of yours too. I did not know that. Thanks for listening. And there's a service for my father Saturday, August 19th at Fred Hunter's on task. And you're more than welcome to attend. I won't be there. Most of us are condolences to the whole family. And Wayne Chandler was a heck of a guy. Yes, he was. George was a big fan because he has a lot of one. Wayne Chandler was doing the Sun. If he's that's right. To be the robot. What was he? To be the robot. He made out of garbage can. And he was also the channel seven weatherman. One of them for a long, long time. Um, who was the other guy? A Wayne Ferris was the news guy with a bad hair piece. See, back in the day, I know it comes as a real shot to those of you who watch the local news. Now I wonder who the hell are these people? I think it would be a session of maybe Tony Sigerretto who's a silly person anyway. But it's a session of him and white Lauderdale. Nobody knows who these people are anymore. I mean, once upon a time, you turn on like in a real market. You know, you turn on the news on whichever channel you like. And you could depend on seeing Ralph Redneck or Ann Bishop or, um, you know, or Wayne Chandler or, uh, Bob Weaver, right? Right? These people were like legendary. They were there every day. You grew up with these people. Now it's like, uh, blah, blah. I shouldn't let's go down. No, we know who he is, too. That's about it. And they just got a bunch of bimbos on there talking about crap. You know, like, uh, the people of lesbian on and stuff like that. And, uh, the Israeli port city of Haifa. I still can't go with that. That's to me. You know, I wish I didn't tape the, I just can't even imagine why she has that job. Can you? I mean, it really takes a rocket sign to figure out what that's the chick has got that. That's right. By the way, Ariel Sharon is there got something to say? Oh, yeah. He's, uh, and his last condition worsened yesterday and he's off to us. That must be the Lord punishing him, you know, because God sometimes has bad aim. He ain't still in charge. Maybe if that A-Hoodle, or Mert. He's the murderer, do you sure? He's the one that's busy killing people. Anyway, the SCS far has holden over there. They're holding it. And then, of course, maybe come Shavas then when they, you know, they can't hold Cabinet meetings on Shavas because they're very religious, very from. But they can still kill people on Shavas. That's a good thing. They can still drop lots of bombs and bomb convoys of people trying to get away from all the horror and nightmares. But nevertheless, so very jackass. This is the lead in four days. Cool. Oh, I got, I got so much stuff today. And I have to stand till midnight. Curtis Stevenson, a two-geldy at four. Oh, my God. I'm never going to learn our lesson or what. Talk in hardball with a crow at seven o'clock. And then the Marlins, uh, pre-game, short nine, 35, because they're out there on a west coast against the Red Hot Dodgers, who won. 16th or less, 17 games of 34, 2 over tomorrow and last night. That's where F.S. The Marlins back to eight games under 500 again. Just what every time it looks like they're going to make a little bit of a move, isn't that too in a row now, they lost? Yes. They lost two at three. No, because they just got through a clean-up and pansy. You've watched the National. See, I think it played all their games against the Pirates and the National, as they'd be okay. Anyway, the Marlins did the Dodgers on a west coast at 10-10 tonight. Then we got Mishmosh at five o'clock in the morning. Anybody heard Mishon the air? Is he any good? I shouldn't put it that way. I'm not done. He's a nice guy. Do you see? Sure. Does he belong on the air? I don't know. Big O. Rock solid. For the Humper, who's on vacation this week. In fact, I'm trying to figure out, because I remember Hank went through that thing last time I was on and went through that whole long convoluted schedule about taking all those days off. And then when he comes back on, it can't be gone that long, can't be till the 28th, because that's a day to New Schedule starts. I think that's a game plan. Yeah. See, you won't hear the Humper in a morning anymore. Oh, the big O. Oh, rock solid. So, brush up on your espionule. Anyway, very jackass row. Now, this is last Wednesday, he wrote this and here it is Tuesday. It's almost a week later, but I'm sure knowing the way you do things. You probably just gave this a look in his smear. I looked at and smear it. Did you? Yeah. To ice. Well, I mean, because from the pull, I'm taking it. They don't know what the new QM schedule is going to be starting August 28th. I'm trying to like promote it and just throw it out there for you. I made not a very big deal out of it. Took that mini pole. I told you about. Yeah. And I talked about it. Maybe. No. Well, very jackass who has, by the way, no idea that the Spring Radio ratings came out at all. Or anything else to positive that might be said about this radio station because we're not across the street. We're not those guys. Former Dolphin Linebacker, Kimba Boe campers said Tuesday night. This meeting a week ago tonight. He has accepted an offer from to join WQM's morning show. Oh, my God. Boe camper who has been a fill in host on the station city was told he will work with a former Y100 person outie. Can he walker? Who? Boe camper will keep his job as sportscaster a channel for. Beginning August 28th, right? So little Barry rhymes with it. Do fairy. Morning host, Hank Goldberg will shift to 4 to 7 pm. Jim Manis to work 2 to 4 pm. Then join Goldberg in the 4 to 5 hour. So in other words, Maddogs 2 to 5 and Hank is 4 to 7. And the 4 to 5 is the 2 or 2. Which was my idea about 5 years ago. And then the clearance takes credit for that. They stole that for me. That's okay. It may not be the best hour in South Florida radio. But it'll certainly be with the most expensive. I'll tell you that. Am I right? Yeah. That's an expensive hour of the hour. So as a result, there it is, boy. I just laid it out. So now you can vote more better informed on our poll today. Which is, here's my poll. And we got 640 votes already. I think we got to shout out in the 1000 even. Josh Curtis is enjoying his HDTV now. I can't believe a little struggle like he's got HDTV. Well, I just had the TV. All they did was change out the box. I don't have to go buy a TV like you did. 5 bucks a month, man. I sure hope you enjoyed that last check. I hope you spent it wisely. I've got a 4 to no way to TV. Yeah. That's what I was so sad. I said to him, I said, how come a pump like you that's making like 50 cents an hour can afford HDTV? You have a compatible TV. It's 5 bucks a month. Well, I was a good move. Right? And now you got the HDTV on here. Let's hopefully your cable stay on. What's your take on the announced new QAM lineup? Is our pull question going up? 640 votes out of way to a 1000 will do it easy. I'm confident. What is it? 249. I don't know what it is. What do you do now? I just got through Tonya. So now you can vote with some meat behind your vote. Right? Bacon, I hope. Who I just had my bacon was doing? I'm having my salad. No, they're great. They're the best. Are they there already? Who is Kenny Walker 75? That was my vote. Because I know he was on my 100. He worked with footy? Yes. He's put in the more phrase in 800 years. I sure. Maybe he'll come on and tell you when a whole 40 really is. Maybe he'll find out it. Oh, why are they pretty tight? I don't know. You know, whatever does. No, except us. Right. Who is Kenny Walker 77 now? Big improvement 67. Well, I don't know how to take that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, OK. Well, that's good. That's a positive sign. I hate this pull 48. Well, too bad. What does this have to do with Fidel 44? The typical camper is coma inducing 43. I would certainly tend to agree with that a great guy, but coma inducing. So if you want to sleep in late and don't want to be jarred out of better organ a morning with sounds like that, that'll jar your right off the edge of the mattress. Then be sure and start tuning in August 28. It's OK 33. What are they smoking over there? About 30 minutes. 30 votes. Well, I think when they did that lobotomy on Joe Belly, they just took the whole brain right out. Because last year 26, 26 people predicting the disaster and probably all of more across the street. What does this have to do with Israel's 17? Good point. And won't change a thing. It doesn't. 30. There's not a 650 votes. So that's our pull for today. By the way, this whole thing with this terror plot blown up the planes. You notice we went from the bloodbath in Iraq, which is still going on. Worst than ever. We went from that to the bloodbath in Lesbynon, which the sea star is holding. They're holding it. And then we went from that to the terror alert in Britain, where they're just having to respect that. And the airlines are foaming at them out, which is the real reason why the bridge dropped it down in notch. The terror warning, because British air and Ryan air and easy jet and something that there that we're having just a nervous breakdown, because it losing a crampload of money. So as we saw, well, it's not as bad as we thought. Although they're standing outside in the rain. That was the good thing about my trip back. From Amsterdam security was very, very lacks shockingly so. And we got back in our early and thank the Lord for that. But I was going through England. There's another good reason to stay out of England, beside the silly S.P.P. Brits. 1014 at 5.60W, because if you go to Amsterdam, you'll see more than you're sure of silly S.P. Brits, the thick necks, and you don't need to go to England this time. Here's some good news for you for all you pigs out there. And that is that the air McCost has brought lobster press back every Friday through Sunday. The air McCost of course, being the best Chinese buffet in all of South Florida, they have three locations for you. They're in sunrise, pepper pines and sunny hours beach. Over 100 different items featured on the air McCost buffet. If you've got a big appetite, go in there and try them all. The fact, probably good idea is to fast for like a week before you go in there. Just pick out just shovel it all down your fat pussy. They got six delicious gourmet soups. And then go for the New York State cook grilled to your order. You see the delicious to what you love it. Handcarp primer, there's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes, as well as a salad and a sea bar. There's so much food you won't know what it is showing you. You're not nested at the air McCost. And there's your bar spectacular during the week and the weekends even more spectacular. Because the 40 inch chocolate fond will make your mouth water as you hand dip your strawberries and other fruits in there. Your marshmallow cheesecake and other deck and increase loads of milk chocolate for dessert. Perfect, then need a big pica. This isn't just a meal. You know, you've got any restaurant for a meal. This is a real feast at the Amalcochani's buffet. And no head exceeded because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch. They cook all their goodies only with healthy cholesterol. We can all know what's having sunny for about 100 years. So when you're appetite really kicks up to a high degree when it gets to the red alert. Bring the whole family to the Amalcochani called 954-572-3822. Don't forget to every Friday through Sunday. It's a lot to fest to at the Amalcochani. 954-572-3822. This is a meal Roger. What's all it? This is 516. This is a meal. I'm going to have a bite of this oil barrel. Right where the sun does shine. We've got a super-error barrel. Right though, we've got a new thing in mind. We'll still spill our own barrels. With what we grow our land. And we don't need the barrels. You can all go down, say. 25, 10, and 560 very well-excressed to be asked me. Here's an alarming story before I get into the meat of the matter. I got something I'm going to read later on in this show. Josh must not. Does it take you like extra longer to read those stories? I mean, it's not to read them, but I mean to put them on a website when they're like 8,000 pages long. Well, naturally, yeah. Well, you must have flipped out when you saw that story by Bill Christensen, former CI analyst. It was like, I think you've made it in the series. I'm very important. It's like six pages. Oh, I don't know if it goes on forever. It's going to take me probably an hour to read it. But I'm going to do it anyway. Former CI analyst, stop it. Little in the series about 9, 11. Boy, that's off a good. That's going to be later on. I'm saving that. You have to save the good stuff right away. Everybody wants the good stuff. Just ask the screen. We're a winner. I pull conducted by what bills itself is the world's most visited. The visited Christian website indicates a surprising number of Christians are addicted to pornography. It's a story and believe me, they like it raw. The poll results indicate that 50% of all Christian men and 20% of all Christian women are addicted to pornography said Clay Jones found in President of Second Glance Ministries of if the first you don't succeed, give it a second glance. Sure. Sure. And your hands. It'll look better. The group defines the addicted as applied to pornography as used on an ongoing basis. We are seeing an escalation to the problem in both men and women who regularly attend church, said bill co-opresent of Christia.net.com. The poll conducted at christianit.com used itself selected sample and is therefore not a scientific study. Over a thousand users responded to survey. Additionally, 60% of the women who answered the survey confessed having significant struggles with lust. 40% of well, maybe you guys can get their phone numbers. 40% of men are being involved in sexual sin in the past year. No one is immunized against the visegrip cutters of sexual addictive behaviors reads a release issued by the site. What's outside again? Christia. That's Christ with an I.A. Net.com. Oh, I get it. The people who struggle with the repeated pursuit of sexual ratification include church members, Deacons, staff, and yes, even clergy. I sure hope they don't include those Catholic priests in this too. They have no passion, so it's okay. Oh, there have been dynamic paradigm shifts in the behavior of Christians over the last four years explained. Jones, technologies a lot of pornography, their flood the marketplace beyond a controllable level. It's just everywhere. Jones ministry provides intervention programs for churches and individuals. So a lot of you Christians out there addicted to porn, but again, whatever you play, we're hot wax on it. Call us a e-john, say they give you waxy build up. They polish it, they wax it, and they shine it. Here's a bud splash editorial. You ready for this? I'm ready. I like BuzzFly. I'd like to be far going to this. Let me just tell you right now, you see, if they really work in certain, I mean, they being governments, the powers that be all these grave robbers, if they really work in certain about air safety. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we already had Richard Reed, the shoe bomber, who, if a warrant for the other passengers, would have certainly blown up the plane and kill all those people, they didn't check our shoes at all at the Skiple Air Fortan Amsterdam, and my friend had in his bag. And then they kept announcing, no liquids in flights to the US or the UK, but other than that, you could do whatever you want. You could like pour four gallons of avion and then if you wanted in your bag. He had two packs of matches and a lighter, and they didn't check our shoes. You put those two to the top. Wow. Does that tell you? It can set off a nuke. Yeah, that's for sure. It's going to blow up the whole air port. And the same. Now even the breaths, you'll notice with all these restrictions about liquids, even the breaths don't prohibit lighters. Well, and I guess, I guess maybe that's not true because you have to put your essentials in a plastic bag now. But up until last Thursday, when this new heightened plot, when the Bush people forced them to release it before they wanted to, because it's good politics, the politics of fear. At any rate, up until then there was no restriction on lighters. In fact, what's the deal now at US Air Force? And it still is, even though they can't have the liquids, you can pack three packs of matches and three lighters. Well, you might need those. Because, and of course, that was prompted by the tobacco industry because the first thing that smokers want to do with it, get off the plane, wherever they're going, and they get out of the airport, and the open air is light up. And God knows you have to have at least three packs because the first one might be defective, and at least three lighters. Sure. So stop for about a half a second and think about that. And that's you tell you how really concerned they are about our safety in the air. Just a bunch of full crap. And as far as the thing with the liquids before I did these stories that are we 10 years ago, 1996, Ramset, USF, tried to blow up a plane, lunatic, in the Philippines. And what he did was he went in the T-Rumony, put some of the chemicals together. And then he hid the explosive in the little bottle, whatever, under some forge Japanese guys seat. Maybe the guy next to him or whatever. And then the plane made an intermediate stop at which Ramset, USF got off. And then he got off to plane and he waited till the plane took off again. And he hid his little twanger froggy. And by the full forge Japanese guy got secured and blew up right under the seat. And did a little hole in the bottom of the cabin, but other than that it didn't do any other damage to the plane. And the pile was able to remember that? Yes I did. That's 10 years ago. 10 freaking years ago. So there's no new, this is nothing new about using liquid explosives, all this crap that's I'm making people go through now, but it anywhere. We'll get into that. We'll get all kinds of stuff here, it gives you all the press and suicidal. You know something? Maybe that's a good idea. Get yourself before they come and get you, you know? Okay, there's at least at least you know your way. You know, that'll sound good for you to say my way. Gotcha. Right through it the painless way or the painful way or whatever. Just to do that Russian rule out with all the chambers loaded with Maryland chambers loaded. Oh security I watched. You build machines that will read equipment properly. You can put them procedures that San Francisco airport spokesmen like I said for 10 years they've known about this crap. And the liquid they're supposed to be odd about, you know, it makes for good fear now. The fear factor, it's not a TV show, it's political reality. And then of course another thing that we should mention right off the bat, which I'm sure you mentioned, and I mentioned it last time I was on until we got cut off the last 15 minutes there. What would it have 7-11 on the pole? We have 7-11, which you can go to Copenhagen and find one on every street corner. But they don't have to spend a lot of time or energy or money recruiting the terrorists. Whatever terrorist organization, because between A.H. or Ormert and the Israeli-Covid, and the Israeli cabinet, the lunatics over there, and George Bush, they're doing all of recruiting that anybody could ever want. For Hezbollah, the Raalkata, or whatever. Any terrorist organization do you sure, they're recruiting them like crazy. 27 past 10 a.m. This is Neil Ratton. I'm tired of the hair. This is 5.60. tired of the same old vacation, then come aboard for the drills, spills, and near death excitement of Cartich Cruzline. Who needs shuffle board when you can have a grand piano sliding right at you? Ah, miss me. That was awesome. We'll turn the ship upside down to make your trip unforgettable. Attention passengers, you can't impress away. Trapper Germany, I know these move. Depassargan, run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Run! Cartich Cruzline is features the only arm you can dodge buffet on a high sea. Fender thrones! Chasing day! Oyster shop, dead ahead! Call your travel agent and book a Carnage cruise today. And coming soon, Carnage presents the Bay Root evacuation holiday. And come on! 1033 at 5.60W to kill my new hero Keith Oberman. I've been telling you about him for a long time. Yes, you have. He had a short last night at MSNBC. He's on 8.9pm, by the way. Countdown. That was so good that it just made my spine quiver. Sorry, miss me. You would have quivered. Even Robin quivered. I'm telling you right now, it's great. And then about 845, he documented. He went down the whole list of all these terror alerts that have taken place during the Bush regime. And about the strange coincidences of the timing of all of these terror alerts, every time things were going really badly for the Bush monster, which is most of the time. All of a sudden, they have another terror alert. Like the New York subway one, which they said, oh yeah, what is nothing to the bad? It's all BS. But nevertheless, Fender work government said, well, we better have a press conference about this. 722 votes on a poll. What's your take on the announced QM line up? And now that you folks know what it is, what is it? 277. See, they're still voting for what is it? What I'm not going to keep repeating it every five seconds. Okay? We just told you what it is. Starts August 28. Who is Kenny Walker 85? I guess you'll have to tune and find out. Now, has anybody there heard him on here? I have. I have for like a second. And he's good. I think I met him the other day too. It's a good guy. Good guy. Yeah? So you know who we are? Yeah, he took a tour of the studios. Oh, and he's still coming to work there? Wow. Must be desperate. Who is Kenny Walker 86? Big improvement 76. That's what we like here. Let's go set that morning number man. It won't take much. It won't take much when you're starting from let's see. It's his one that says I would like to vote on the poll. But I don't know. See that. I don't care. I started the show. I told you what it is. Okay. You idiot. I'm not going through it again. I'll tell you next hour again. Timbo Bo Campers, trauma inducing 52. Well, there is no doubt about that. I hate this poll 51. What does this have to do with Fidel 49? He didn't look into well, Fidel. He didn't look into swell. No. He looked up at Hugo Chavez and said, I'm dying. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm holding hands. But all my dancing in the streets has subsided for the time being George told me down there. So until he actually croaks. Well, you see the story about Raoul. In fact, that we're going to have, he's a cocaine guy. Raoul. Who? Which one? Fidel's brother. Oh, that Raoul. The leader in the temporary leader of your country, man. The substitute. Right. Yeah. Positive. He was, they were going to indict him on cocaine charges. He's in the business. Anyway, it's okay. The new line. It's okay. 37. What are they smoking over there? 31. Ask Raoul. He'll tell you. The last year, 27. Wow. That's wishful thinking by Joel Fibre. We're going to call it a loser's across the street. Whoever minus in front of their numbers now. Nice book there and that spring book guy is just beautiful. Well, change is saying 21 and that's bad. It better change something. And what does this have to do with Israel? 17. Oh, I still say just, I couldn't stop thinking about that. Well, I mean, I was thinking about all of this stuff because when I was an Amsterdam, you know, I'm watching, all I could watch was BBC and CNN International for eight days because there's nothing else in English. Unless you want to watch this silly, euros force. And the sports that they got on there and what kind of sports are those? Sudows force. But nevertheless, so I kept wondering how come it is that they're on a virgin disease fire, which could have been called right away. It should have been. But the bush people said, oh, no, we're going to send you all those, all those weapons and those bunker buster bombs and you guys are monster bombs. Right. And you do what as much as you can because this is kind of our warm up for when we go into a ram. I ran. But nevertheless, and they said, oh, well, we can't, we can't ratify the ceasefire, which everybody else was talking about ratifying Thursday night when he finally briflessly at the Wednesday, for a cup of coffee and and and you were signed on in France, signed on and the Lebond, the lesbian, he signed on and even his velocity of all stuff, he even all them rockets. And he said, well, we're going to have a cabinet meeting on Sunday. Why on a Sunday? Well, because Friday night they couldn't vote on it because it was Shabbish, man. It's the Jewish Sabbath Friday night and Saturday. So the message is that we can't have a cabinet meeting and decide to have a ceasefire and bring peace on a Sabbath, but we can keep killing people and dropping bombs into destroying your country and the love it loves but on on a weekend. That must be in the Tomwood somewhere. You think? I'll write it up. Yeah, look it up. Google it. If you can't see that there are traders in the White House then you're risking your own lives and lies your families. This is the buzz flash editor from this past Sunday. I think a chance of reading this assuming you might have already read it on the Friday night. Oh, as buzz flash has repeatedly editorialized, the Bush administration is a detrimental American national security. Our lives are increasingly a risk every day that they're in office. It will never seriously battle the sources of terrorism and an effective strategic fashion and that is because politically they need the terrorists as much as the terrorists need them. And the goals of the Bush administration are the consolidation of power and the acquisition of natural resources and economic dominance not the eradication of terror. Only the naive and the harsh limba step for red status can possibly drive the other conclusion. NBC just confirmed that this was Sunday as buzz flash editorialized earlier this week about the politics of terrorism that the White House forced the UK to move up the timing of the alleged terrorist terror arrest against the recommendations of the British intelligence agencies. By doing so, the Bush administration compromised the investigation encrypted from obtaining further evidence and contact names. In short, for purposes of political timing in order to make partisan points from the election of middle of month, the Bush administration compromised our national security. Furthermore, NBC confirms that UK sources indicate that the alleged terrorist plan was not even near operational. Indeed, some of the would be hijackers didn't even have passports. This is an extraordinary betrayal of America's national security. It's clearly done so so that Chinese know and Bush could attack that democracy's weak national security, knowing that the arrest announcement was going to be made on Wednesday because they picked the day of the arrest. These uses of roby and time terrorists and announcements often extremely exaggerated as in the case of the Liberty City in saying clown policy and the alleged Manhattan-Tummelous portions have ordered to defy the laws of gravity if they were planned to flood law or Manhattan are basically treason. They're meant to frighten Americans in the voting Republican. The only viable winning platform of the Bushabix now and remember when they can't afford either house or Congress to become democratic because it would likely lead to investigation than the impeachment and prosecution of the senior Bush administration staff is something like, you see what the terrorists will do if the Republicans aren't here to protect you. The Democrats will just malleys coddled them. Fear for your lives in vote Republican. After six years of cynical rule and five years of alleged war on terrorism is killed tens of thousands more people than the terrorist tab. All the White House has to do is invoke promenetated fear into Americans and it's worked up to now. Look at the media this week. The alleged British terror plot dominates the leads in television radio and newspapers around the nation. Fear is a powerful tool that goes right from the media into the brain. It appeals to our reptilian sense of self protection. That's why it's the tool of the demagogues. Yes, there are terrorist out there who wish to do citizens of the US harm, but yes, we also unleashed them in Iraq to do us any other harm. Bush is breeding new ones every day in Iraq and Afghanistan. Bush hasn't reduced terrorism. He's increased its threat. And that's fine with Roe because Roe has been out front and open. They've stated through three election cycles that the GOP will win by painting the Democrats of soft on terrorism. The Bush White House and GOP campaign apparatus will lie, cheat, steal, manipulate our emotions and even carry out policies that breed terrorists because they need terrorism to win elections. It would lose an elan slide if people were to vote on public policy issues, so they need fear. It's the only fuel that will help them achieve a one-party dictatorial state for a century as GOP renourquist in Carl Roe have promised. Who is creating a new generation of terrorists? Not the Democrats have simply driven them. He's clearly cut a deal with the White House a long time ago to be one of them and remain a Democrat on foreign policy in the only. Now more than 60% of Americans have posed the war in Iraq, Neville Amanda, descendant of the Robert Baron J.P. Morgan, a forced-innovation-harvard graduate, and self-made millionaire is no radical. It's the Bush administration that is radical or extremist and basically treasonous. At the same time it was politically manipulating the arrest of the alleged British terrorist that was trying to decrease a congressional lotment of millions of dollars to increase our ability to detect explosives that could be carried under planes. It's already a lot of boss cutters, nail clippers, scissors, and razors back on her planes, not to mention matches. It's done almost nothing to ensure the security of cargo that shipped on planes which would be impondoming of pan-an plane over Scotland showed how much of a threat such cargo could be, and sure you don't even need a suicide terrorist to blow up a plane in midair. Bush blew off the warnings of an impending 9-11 until the CIA briefer came to him with him to get out, and then used an escalated deleted. Bush then did nothing. He didn't want his vacation disturbed in the 9-11 happened. And when it did happen, after Bush failed to take steps to protect us, he went pet-goed for civilmen's before his handlers could write comments for him. And then he inexplicably got on air force one and flew away from Washington, D.C. As Americans, all of us have our lives at stake with these cynical power-hundred demigroves are ruling the country. Yes, there are terrorists in the world who wish us harm. Many of them have indeed been drawn to terrorism as a result of Bush administration action. The goals of the White House aren't to stop there. Reson the goal of the White House is to allow terrorism to fester in order to, as this is a basic game plan for dictators, goes, use fear to consolidate tyrannical power and do away with our constitutional checks and balances of government and guarantee of individual liberties. If you can't see that there are traders in the White House, then you risking your own lives and lies in your families. If you have valued those lives and you own, we cannot as a nation any longer afford a White House and Republican party that only knows the politics of using terrorism as a political tool while running the only and ineffective show war to reduce the threat of terrorism. In other words, dog and pony show. That's an edthro from Bush Flash to Spass Sunday. 1043 a QAM, take good care of those Tussies, baby, if you're feetier and good shape the rest you probably is too. And of course, Brandy chooses a place to take the best care of your Tussies because they carry all the top names in the shoe business that give your friendly personal service to make sure you get the perfect fit every time. And when we say top brands, they got them all, Thor Schan, Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, New Balance, Hushbuckies, tons of other name brands, shoes and all sizes from an end-women and they even carry hard-out, why what's in hard-to-find sizes like I said. Go see our buddy Arnie at Brandy, so make sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290, New York Federal Highway in Pompany, Beach right between Atlantic and Copeland's roads on the East Side. You can't miss it. And Brandy's open every day of the week, Monday through Saturday to 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy men's and women's famous brands at Brandy's. Selected styles are on sale. You buy one pair, get the second pair and have price higher price prevails. Come in or visit Brandy's on a website at BrandyShuse.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. But stop us at max! They're a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA. The Jews have got to spend down. No, Rigs did not use the Jews or everywhere. We got to get some back up to take out these Jews. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Did not use it. It's two jokeies in a dealer. Damn, two jokeies. Louis the weapon fires. Please, you alright? You alright? Most street Jews are responsible for all the world's war. Who are you talking about? Break that Jewish! Yeah, I'm gay! You are? Yep. Damn, gay jokes! Sleethe with and find, starting no gifts and Danny Clover. And the return of Joe Pashy has Leo Gets. Hey, Max, my dog. Hey, hey. Hey, Leo. Okay, yeah. Fuck off, Joe. You crazy, man. Fuck off, no. What is your story, Rigs? I taught you, I taught you. That's a great little cracker. Please, no weapon-tie. Now, planes are ruined, Mel Gibson's career. Ha ha ha. Alright. Hopefully, we'll have him very soon. 1048, 12 minutes before, or whatever. We got Curtis Stevenson and two Gueldia 4. Well, it's nice to come back from vacation and make sure that Gueldia is still around. You know? Things just wouldn't be the same without. Wow. That. Paul Kampos and the Rocky Mountain News writes the politics of cowardice. They're going to be reading all four hours tonight. Alright, oh my god. Yes. I already shut that phone thing off at her, man. And shut that screen in the screen off at monitor. Josh has busy sitting back watching his big screen HD TV. That's right. And George is sitting there on the edge of his seat. Hang on, everyone of my words. You know it, riveted. 765 votes on a poll. We'll make that 1000 easy today, I believe. Now that they knew the new lineup, starting on August to 28th, here it is again. For that bozo that sent the facts after I announced it. Starting August 28th, you're going to have still on the big O. Oh, five to seven in a morning. Then you got Kenny Walker with the Kimbo Bo Kampos as at his side. Or standing hovering over him. It's Kenny Walker a big guy or a little guy. He's got media besides guy. Medium guys. Like I said, Kimbo will be hovering over him. And they'll be doing a morning show together from 7 to 10 a.m. Kimbo Bo Kampos and Kenny Walker. Let me say it again, who used to be on while 100 with that Jackass footie. And then after us between two and four, it'll be mad dog on by himself or he belongs to the full. And then from four to seven, it'll be Hank. And you're saying, well, how can I be? Well, two to five in four to seven because the four to five are there. Work together. Then we got the Marlins and that crap stuff like that. 80 case days, right there at 10. That's a little lot of setting on August 28th, which is two weeks from yesterday. And thank God that I'm talking about it because we're certainly not getting any publicity for it anywhere else. Except very Jackass writes about him words about it there. And Jim Sarny, he's a, he's out to lunch. Paul Kampos writes the politics of cowardice. He starts out with a quote. Wait to hear who this quote is from. Not I didn't write it. No. When it comes to terror, is it much of our political leadership appears or was both its nerve and its mind. Consider this statement. I'm worried that too many people both in politics and out don't appreciate the seriousness of the threat to the American security. And the evil of the enemy that faces us more evil or as evil as Nazism. And probably more dangerous than the Soviet Communists we fought during the long-cold war. That's the quote. These words were not uttered by an involuntary resident of a mental hospital or Mel Gibson after night of pursuing the protocols of the other Zion and drinking civil malstosh. But by Joseph Lieberman, the man who's been a senator for the past 18 years and who came within a handful of dangling chads of becoming vice president of the USA. That a statement like this is treated as a reasonable observation rather than denounced this transparently hysterical nonsense indicates the extent to which his historical nonsense now passes for a clear-eyed statesmanship and actually be far more frightening to Americans than any terrorist threat. At the height of the Cold War the Soviet Union's explicit goal was to establish a global communist dictatorship. In the pursuit of this goal, the Soviets built an army of six million men equipped with among many other things, ten thousand nuclear weapons, which in a matter of minutes could have liked the US off the face of the earth while perhaps coming 150 million people. By contrast, though some have been live in the sky hiding in a cave somewhere armed with an AK-47 on a tape recorder who commands the uncertain allegiance of a few thousand equally poorly armed fanatics. As for our current enemies being more evil than Nazis, it's hard to imagine what that could even mean. The Nazis managed to murder perhaps ten million people while starting war the kill at least 40 million others. In the universal evil sweepstays, they said a mark that will be hard to match, although it's worth noting that our current good friend and international banker, the people's Republic of China, made an impressive effort of its own during the Great Leap Forward in the Cultural Revolution. Leaberman and his best new friend, Dick Taney, would respond that the enemy just isn't al-Qaeda, it's something called Islamophacism. On this view, despite the enormous political and religious differences that divide them, groups such as al-Qaeda and his bolah and Hamas and Iraqi insurgents and the governments of Iran and Syria, are all part of one big terrifying conspiracy to kill each and every American because they hate our freedoms. Of course, during the Cold War, the enemy wasn't just the USSR or our best, the new best friends, the Red Chinese, it was international communist conspiracy. Yet for all the paranoia that marked the Red Scare, fear of the Soviet Union, international communism was far more rational than the current panic over al-Qaeda and Islamophacism. At this moment, Osama bin Laden must be holling with laughter. He's a man with no armies to command or weapons to British, except for the most powerful weapon of all, fear. More Americans ground in bathtubs over year than are killed by terrorists, and indeed we've reached the part where bin Laden does naturally have to kill anybody to achieve his goal of promoting military conflict between the Islamic and Western world. bin Laden and his ill-kar merely taking advantage of the politics of cowardice. For example, according to the statement by President Bush that he made on the morning of last week's arrest of terrorist suspects in London, the goal of the war against Islamic fascists is to make Americans completely safe. That if certain these are distorts still play well in the polls, as I said, comment on the state of the nation. Let's go somewhere we can be safe. How's that? Okay, like North Dakota. No, I don't go there at the nasty plate. Oh, no, we we safe, cold and bleak. 772 votes on a poll. Let's get to that 800-letta let al-Field more secure about that thousand, you know. We don't get to the thousandths. We're going to have to stay on for a long time. Wait to hear this. Now this, of course, they're going to say, oh, yeah, it's just more that the prison plane at dot com perinoia. Yeah, right. I don't know if I've got time for this now. I guess I better do the break. I don't like interrupting because if you make sure to attention span the poll. Oh, yeah. At best. What did you just say? Right. Exactly. That's my point. By the way, how about the thing about the borrowed slots, the spread grim system, look like no sure bet. Oh, what? I'd say you people in Florida, man. What a sense of humor. What a laugh a minute. A real laugh right. God. See, there's no point having a question on anything. What would take political election and election on the issue? Bullet train slots, presidential elections, you name it, class size amendment because they do whatever they want anyway. And you'll just continue going long pain. You're three and a half bucks per gallon of superarm-lated. What a big smile on your post. And say, okay, just don't kill me. 1056 at five 60 WQM sometimes it's the things you can't see with your naked eye that are really bad for a down there in the carpet. All over your flow. That's correct. But dry concepts can make those carpets not only look fantastic just like brand new. They'll make them sanitary too because they drag clean your carpet. The only ones in the world who do this. They've been doing it in South Florida for over 28 years and putting over 21 years in my homes. There is nobody like them because when you call dry concepts and have them dry clean your carpets, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. They're exclusive methods. Sox out even the deepest down dirt and the fire is your carpets. It makes your carpet stay clean or longer because there's no sticky residue left behind. And as a result, they last longer too. All of these reasons. All of these are these things. They've had over 50,000 satisfied customers all over South Florida. And don't forget to drag concepts folks are also the experts in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind during hurricane season which still has a long way to go. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just a matter of minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to sell you two hours. It's guaranteed. There is nobody like these folks anywhere. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their unbeatable job. And even on top of all these things, dry concepts has a stiffly or arombo work cleaning plant. The only one in all South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive area. Rocks looking brand new like you just had new laid on your floor. So do yourself a big favor called dry concepts two day toll free and dig round in the palm beaches. They will never let you down. I'll ever rip you off either because like I said, they give it that written guaranteed price upfront. 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web. It's dry concepts. This is meal Roger. This is 516-15. This is the meal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. There's no way you can't find it. Any way you can read it. Any way you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. There's like a separate day. This is your fucking life. Open my brain. And don't look out and belive it. Make it clear like I'm made in life. I don't think that shit can't stand at the bottom of the floor. All the way. Oh, crazy. Everybody. Have a small meal. I take a camera. I come back to the jail. We don't need no jail. We don't need no jail. I think there's a crash. I have to pray. I have to pray. I have to pray. I have to pray. But El Castro is dead. He's not so Jewish. Can you tell by that long beard? He just says, He's not a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. At the very least, the terrorist shall have been fully infiltrated for months. This has already been admitted. And the snap forlling of the attack was coordinated and staged managed for purposes of political grandstanding on the part of Bush Blair and the neo-fascist apparatus that 60 used the illing justification of the war on terror for a future military impurgent into Iran. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. Another dimension to the indication that we're being fed on other hopes are reports detailing the alleged plot's links to the 770 bombings. As this website is exhaustively documented for over a year, the 770 bombings and the pasties that were used to take the fall for them were controlled and engineered by the British Intelligence Aquarius. The alleged ringleader of the attack which targeted three tube trains, tube and one bus Mohamed Siddik-Tan was an MI5 informant, according to former London Metropolitan Police Detective and Terrasper Charles Shubridge. Therefore, in the case of the liquid bomb plot suspects, any link to the London bombers linked to MI5. It is clear that the scope of the attack has been greatly exaggerated by the British government to maximize fear and subservience in gendered by images of alarmed and frightened airline passengers. Doomsday proclamations of 10 planes are stoothing in the balls of planes in midair don't correlate with the capacity the liquid explosives the alleged terrorist were to use. The only other example were terrorist use liquid explosives with the December 1994 Philippines airline Boeing 747 incident, a dry run for a bigger plot conducted by Ramsey Usaf. In this case, Usaf planted the explosives under one of the seats in the airline, or in time them to detonate every disembark for a connected flight. The subservent explosion killed only one of the Japanese businessmen who was sitting directly above the bomb. There is a little less than 40 kids out there, don't sit above a bomb. He sized five people with minor injuries. The other 200-plus passengers were unharmed in a plane landed safely. Only liquid explosives in large and noticeable amounts can have any literal chance of blowing up a plane in midair, confiscating pregnant white women's lift gloss is completely insane, and proves in itself that the new airport merges our purely designed act as a PR cool for the police state. In addition, photographs of passengers being ordered to pour liquids into one single container completely belies the claim that the alleged terrorist planned to mix the liquid's create the deadly explosives. If missing liquid was a key component of bomb making process, then wire airport security, ordering people to mix liquid. World affairs brief editor Joel Schausen highlights pressure and questions about the inconsistency of the properties of the bled liquid explosives in relation to the much-voted scale of the floor of the tank. The supposed explosive device this time was a porous-eyed basic explosive, which is mildly explosive and can be prepared from acetone, hydrogen porous-side and an acid catalyst. This type is claimed by governments to be widely used, widely induced by terrorist groups, though we have no known terrorist events where it's been used except by one Palestinian terrorist, and then a seditator only not as the main charge. This explosive material is usually known in subreviation as TATP, Triacetone Traferoxide. Both peroxide and acetone are clear liquids, but acetone, lacquer thinner, is easily identifiable by smell and it's a variety of evaporation. Experts indicated is very unstable and highly unlikely to be a standalone explosive to take down their liner. Quantities would have to be large enough to be easily noticed. Most even though this is a theoretical threat, banning all cosmetics and loathings is stupid and banning all liquids is unnecessary. Only clear liquids need checking, there's a cheap test equipment for TATP and civil ways for TSA employees to quickly check Ferrancetone peroxide. Returning to how the latest thought is a mirror image of Operation Bojinka, the Ramsay U.S. Flingke is also telling because U.S. has been protected and toppled by the US government every juncture. In September of 1992, U.S. have entered the US with Ahmed Ajaj. Ajaj's luggage contained documents and how to make bombs and was stuffed with fake passports and IDs. Ajaj was arrested and amazingly, U.S. was released. U.S. Flingke, a mastermind of the World Trade Center 93 bombing with the gracious self of FBI agents, having penetrated the group before the bombing. FBI's mole, Ahmad Salal Salam, was told to arm the terrorist cell with dummy explosives, so a sting operator who could have served the perpetrators. Settam was mystified when the orders changed. The sting was called off and the FBI had the bombing to go forward. This was all admitted in October 1993, New York Times front page story. Again, any operation Bojinka or Ramsay U.S. Flingke in the case of liquid bomb plot is linked back to Western intelligence agencies. Within three days of a exposure, Tony Blair and MI5 already milking alleged plot for political purposes and we had to introduce in the argument for 90 day detention without charred legislation. Blair suffered as only the feet today in the Commons last November when the bill was shot down by labor rebels, a humiliating rejection of the so-called liberal governments, feverish bloodlust for authoritarian control. Reports of criminal insider trading and airline stocks before the announcement of the alleged four-of-plot specifically British airwaves stock have also started a filter in and will be the subject to a follow-up investigation. Sound from media to you. Yo, yeah. Two men we don't know the names of the people who were buying up all those who were shorting all those airlines stock back up before 9.11. That'd be something. Now what is this fancy disemies? Is this something important? Sorry. I mean, I really love your show for your poll. Two M F dot. Oh yeah, well we know that. Letting Joe Rose go a perfect for morning ref. Well he was doing 8 to 10 in the morning in doing big numbers and Greg read just to you know Greg read straight away to the radio station. Now, poor Joe Bell had to go through a lobotomy and complicate in surgery that involved his brain and his unit. And something to do with piecing them together. I know what that's all about. To try to, well, to try to recuperate from the trauma of putting Greg reads mess back together again. Not an easy job. August 28th. We do a baby. We debut our new lineup. What do you think? Here's the pool. 800 month votes by the way. How to bet. Oh, look at Heathrow man. Oh, that can't be not. It's called bastards. Well, don't ever go to England man. Stayed a lot of there. Oh, no, this is old stuff. 800 month votes. What's your take on the announced the new QM lineup, which we already read in the twice. And that's if you don't know it by now too bad. Kenny Walker and Kim Boe Kamper and a mad dog and Hank and yours truly innocent. 800 one votes. What is it? 360 still voting? What is it? What do you better read it again, George? Okay. Who is Kenny Walker 91? Is he one of the Walker brothers you think? Oh, that's a good question. I'll ask you a son ain't going to shine anymore. I think time is on his eye to. Who is Kenny Walker 91? Big improvement 78. I'll ride. I think the fact that they're saying big improvement means they agree. Hank belongs back in the afternoon, which of course we already knew that. Could it pull that to Greg? Kim Boe Kamper was coma inducing 56, but that's as in Q56. He fits right in like a rubber glove. I hate this pool 56. What does this have to do with Fidel 55? It's okay 41. Well, and Katherine Harris, oh my god, you hear about her honor speaking of explosive planes? No, what happened? Can't tell you. It's okay 41 the new plug the new lineup. Won't change the thing 37. What are they smoking 34? George is brought in some good stuff. He's asked your 28. And what does this have to do with Israel? Solomon Faye. 19. Have you said a deacion way? This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. Howard David's a bitch. This station presents what if they were alive today? August 16, 1977 Elvis Presley, the king of rock and roll, is bound dead at his grace and arm and mental stency. He changed music forever. But we have what if you were alive today? Till we'll wait for this year. Oh, it was perfectly. You know, I used to buy people Catholics. But now I get all my friends when they're these. A hover around mobility chair. Yeah, baby. I just love running around on my own mind. Keep going in the breeze. So order yours now and tell them the king sent you. I got a hover, hover, hover, hover, hover, hover, hover, hover. Join us again for another. What if they were alive today? I think there's some programming idea there for you for tomorrow. Okay. August 16, it's the 29th anniversary of Elvis's death. Oh yeah, no, Elvis music show. Oh, the father who plays the play. Oh, he's not a deacion. What do you think? Oh yeah. I'll be all over that. We know our audience just loves Elvis. Oh yeah. I'm tired out of here. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, maybe it's real. Or maybe not. Or we can do it the rest of the show today. What do you say? Sure. Oh, maybe it's a new paper story. I think there's real thing. I bet you're talking to him. You're saying, it's a show like poison. I guess we'll be hit you too, Tommy. Too bad. Yeah, well, it's, you know, how's that going to work? You so ought to touch, yeah. Test this. Go back to Lesbnon with your local, local TV people. That's that thing about Wayne Chambers. Very sad. What a good deal. Yes. It is. Anyway, moving right along. I got a lot of fish to fry here. Maybe I got that one article is going to take me six hours to read. I made a glass before I finished reading it. My bill, Chris is in. Is that Christ Christ's son? Is that he's in? Sure. What? For he's a former CIA analyst. He's a former CIA guy. Anyway, he writes, stop. He lives in the theories about 911. I'm teasing it. And luckily, thank the Lord. It's the most read story so far today. And I've said, it's very disheartening to me like for yesterday's stories I put on. Including some really, very important ones. And what's the most read story yesterday, Josh? Man picks wrong spot when nature calls about the day I need out. A peed in the wrong place, you know. It's just amazing to me, you people. There's no hope. So what place did he? Did he pee? You may have to read this story. I mean, the story that I just read about the look with bomb panic. I mean, that's got over 200 people read it so far this morning. But it's a week fourth place. You know, the story about the Bush couldn't be carry. Gore even his own father not only stood in two reads. But the guy peed in the wrong spot. If it's got to do with pein or dumping or it's got a foreletter word in it, man. They get they got their all over like stink on Greg. I stink on Joyce. See more herh says. And by the way, you know, I hate to break the news to you. Chris, a man. He's a man. He's a man. So I like to go to a doctor's. He's a man. He's a man. And by the way, you know, I hate to break the news to you. Chris the Matthew's on CNBC, or MS or whatever you're on. Nobody wants to hear what Chris Matthew says. I say when he's got somebody important like seen what herh shine there. Somebody ought to take the duct tape from back in nine eleven days and just put it around. Chris Matthew's mouth. He never shuts up, pop, pop, pop. And Alaska question. And then just as the guest is about to start the answer of course, then he starts to Chris Matthews on MSNBC and Keith Goldman by the way, I think it ought to be the president. Okay, at least he's got a sense of humor and he tells it like it is. Too bad nobody watches that show. Now you watch, how come you're not watching him anymore? It's just a bad time. There's usually stuff going on in my life. At that time, it was an evening winding up dinner playing with children getting marauded by the family. Like the wife's putting several things like that. Any more her says U.S. involved in Israeli plans to invade Lebanon. Was there any doubt? Did not tell you that? Yes, you did. The sole thing was cooked up by and curged by and promoted by. And you see, at least that visionary tactics are they blowing up in Bush's face. No pun intended. Right. Now that was we got it, I've heard get that thing well, the blood bath is civil war and a rack off the front pages. Well, it worked. Then we went to the, all they are, bloodshed and the horror in the Lesbonond. That was on the front pages. And then that turned into a disaster. That worked out really, really bad. Lots of innocent dead people on both sides. And Lebanon turned to shreds again. Just absolutely the Claude. And then that didn't work out so well. So now we got the terror alert has to be issued early so that we can get the Lesbonond thing off the front page. It worked. And an article for the New Yorker magazine, we not investigative at your list, Seymour Herschdates, that the Bush administration was closely involved in last month's invasion of Lebanon by Israel, Ross Story has learned. He describes the administrative administration's initial reaction to the invasion as strangely passive with George W. Boyz saying on July 16, it's a moment of clarification. And condom please arise stating two days later that a ceasefire should wait until the conditions are, the conditions are conducive or that the conditions are conducive. But she, by the way, I don't know if you've been reading the story, but she was the one that cut the president's rear here. No. Yeah. I miss on this particular issue. I see. So let's wait. Let's let him kill as many of them as bowl losses we can. She was the one. And despite everybody else was saying to him, going to be a lot of buds, going to make you look really bad. A lot of innocent Lebanese are going to die. A lot of horrible things are going to happen like that. Convoy that got bombed. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they shouldn't have attacked Israel. But condom please. That's right. They shouldn't have attacked us just like a reaction to the attack us. Just like that wedding party in Iraq two years ago shouldn't have attacked us. That's why the U.S. forces have bombed the wedding party. So 40 people died. See if the wedding would have gone along his plan. They would have been more Iraqi terrorists. So there's probably a method to our madness. Hursus intelligence said diplomatic sources tell him that the reason for this hands-off reaction was that George Bush and Dick Cheney already knew about his really plans for a bombing campaign against Hezbollah's underground missile complexes. And we're convinced that it could both increase Israel's security and serve as here comes the big part and serve as a prediode to an American preemptive attack on Iran's nuclear installations. Oh boy. The White House also wanted Hezbollah stripped of the ability of retaliating against Israel in the wake of an American attack on Iran. As one U.S. government consultant told Hursus, the Israelis told us it would be a cheap war with many benefits. Why oppose it? We'll be able to hunt down and bomb missiles, tunnels, and bunkers from the air. It would be a demo for Iran. Oh, worked right, didn't it? Oh, no, it was fabulous. The White House and National Security Council have denied knowing an advance about Israel's plans. However, Hursus sources made it very clear that Israel shared its plans with the Americans this past spring and received strong encouragement is really military and intelligence experts acknowledge the American support, but insisted to reverse that Israel would actually against Hezbollah's solely on the basis of its own interest and not as an agent of American policy. Right. Richard Armaditch who served as deputy secretary of state during Bush's first term suggested that the White House should take the Israeli example as a reason to re-examine its plans for Iran. It's the most dominant military force in the region. The IDF can't pacify a country like Lebanon with a population of 4 million. You should think really carefully about taking that template to Iran with strategic depth in a population of 70 million. That's what Dick said. But sometimes Bush's a listen and Dick. I understand. Henry Porter writes, oh, boy, I just got so much good summary. Too bad nobody cares about any of these things. Now what are you going to do? Read it. Good. So I'll be before we do that though, the thing about the Broward Sloth. This is just, this is the epitome of what South Florida's all about. This is one more good reason to stay far away from that place. Fred Graham, who occasionally writes something worth reading actually. Nice going, Freddy. He says the soaring steel skeleton of the new racino could pass for an abstract Iran's sculpture, the giant curving roof beams over a grid of parallel bars make competent parts old green and white grants to an next door. Look, his dowdy is Aunt Millie. What are they going to do with that? Take it down and like an director said, I said, one of the tracks after in Regulars, noting at the unfinished building. The ponies don't want to get a pump at a park until Labor Day, but the Regators come anyway, most of them men, most of them on the arthritic side of middle age, to place Benson Watson, will cast as a racist from New York in Jersey. One was shouting at the video, scream like his horse could hear him. Go, go, baby. But the big better round here is the 150 million dollar expansion under way the old hardest track. Don't look like such a sure thing anymore. Said a gambler and a dolphins t-shirt. Not an anxious for his newspaper reading white preliminary spenses afternoons. The Regators were miffed by the season from the first district court of appeals in Talahassion Tuesday, raising doubts about the legality of the 2004 referendum that allowed Broward and Dave voters to decide whether they wanted to slot machines in their parametual places. Dave subsequently voted no, but Broward said, yes, yes, yes, yes, excuse me, yes. The prospect of slots is transported Broward's aging, following nearly pathetic parametuals in the sizzling investments. Hundreds of millions of dollars are pouring into the race, but it's no sure thing, Fred Rights. The appeals court decisions in Alas did back to William County Circuit Judge with his misdemeanor claim that the petition that triggered the 2004 initiative was full of fraudulent signatures. The Circuit Judge had originally ruled that the election allowed voters to cure any problems with the petition, apparently not. The case is bound to wait its way to the Florida Supreme Court. If the parametuals lose all their appeals, then it goes back to Broward and John County. Months even years, while the big Betten Broward just gets bigger. But the possibility looms that Broward could end up with four very glissy raceiners with other slot machines inside mine. Gueldsfim park in the midst of $140 million of a nation had been transformed from a track that was surviving with race day concerts by over the hill rock and roll hasbings into a track with the grandest of grandstands. In May, a gambling conglomerate paid $152 million to the old Highly Frontan in Dignity Beach and promised to invest under 75 million to make slot players comfy. The old Highlywood Greyhound track is being transformed in a Marty Grow race track in gaming 20 million spent so far in Middyns, Mordicum. Horses, dog players, and high-lifers all seem like anthethoths in these new environments, but may all be a bad bet. John Penetta, a note around Pompano Park is Jersey John Rage, a vote is a vote the people of Florida voted on this and the Bush is what to do the same thing they did six years ago when voted for president. The regulators complained that Judge has sleep in the conservative religion-minded world culture in North Florida, steeped in the conservative religion-minded world culture in North Florida would be deciding whether the South Americans would be able to play the slots. Gambling's everywhere, assuming the scene of the real question is whether they're going to tax it or not. I'm not seeing it just shook his head at the prospect that the 2004 vote could be undone in the redneck end of the state. He said, what would they do if this all falls through? I just don't think blank blank blank. It just kind of trail off and like like, like, like, like that. Of course, track regulators are innermiddly familiar with the bad bet, just not the $150 million kind. So it's correct, Greg. How do you like that, huh? So if you're looking for a good machine, mine. Oh, we have to look there. Here's all the Lesbines on CNN Man and his blood and they've been drawing some of Zillions of recruits, thousands and thousands of new recruits. Nice going. A hood, 29 past 11 at five, 60 WQM going back to school can be a little rough for the kids in good night's tape is critical for the development of healthy minds. Wow, on an intellectual spot. If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bedtime, it may be just their mattress. Call dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. Dial a mattress can recommend a mattress for kids of any age. Have the new bed delivered the date and time that you two just like always seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Just give dial a mattress at 2-hour window when it's convenient for you or your kids or whoever's going to get it. They can even deliver your mattress the very same day that you call. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Get the absolute best selection of silly and sort of Simmons King coil tempered. Peter concerns van Anis Foster. Check for low prices online at mattress.com or call dial a mattress right now. Tull free at 1-800 mattress. I've been using them for years and years and when the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy, there's no better and smarter way to do a piece of shopping and just sit there on your fat ass and make that one easy call. Call right now. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MAT TTR-ES, leave off the last as because it stands for stupid, sarner. This is real Roger. This is 5-6-8-8-8-8. Let's train along the pole for a car. That's 30,000 feet. I don't know if I'm going to get that one problem. Nothing in temporary you. Oh my God. For us. One-thaw. One-thaw. One-thaw. One-thaw. Snacks on a plane. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Come boys. Here goes. Ah. Honey, you will sit to be nice. Stop the bag. Get up, come on. You two don't jump. For my chance. Samuel Jackson. Whoop. Now, never rotation the floor. I'm just going to turn the plane. I want these mothers. Jesus. Up there's my fucking plane. Snacks on a plane. It's 11.35 at 5.60. WQM happy Tuesday. This emailer you just send me with this bush video. This has got to go on our website immediately. Not much sooner. I'll send it to Eric. But now, my question is to you, sure. Wait a minute. One moment. One moment. One more place. Because I can't put it on here. I can't let this into it. I just watched it. Oh, I can. I can. I know. That's what I'm going to do. Yes. Thank you. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. It's a worry. It's a worry. It's a worry. It's a worry. It's a worry. It's a worry. It's a worry. This may be the best thing we've ever had. We've find job by somebody. Yeah, by somebody. Thanks, whoever sent this along. I got a couple of copies. I sent to me once things like this get out. You know how that goes. Oh, yeah. They're all over the place. Anyway, you want to play the audio on this? Oh, you know, I would be. I would be not. Now I'm buffering. Remember, you're the one with a good internet. Because I'm suffering. Take buffering. Is that what you just said? Yeah. Okay. 844 votes on our poll. What's your take on an announced new WQM lineup? It begins that they've used two weeks from yesterday. Monday, August 28th. What is it? 250? Well, at least that slowed down to a crown. I've read it 15 times with the new lineup is. Who is Kenny Walker? 97. Excellent question. Big improvement 86. Oh, thank God. Boy, finally there's like a little. A little hope for us, you think? We're having a leading with more than a point one share. Timberball campers comma inducing 59. Not that time to promising. Although we do know that. What does this have to do with Fidel 58? This is good. Um, I hate this poll 58. Won't change a thing 45. It's okay. Not great, but okay. Okay. 42. In other words, they're open minded. If they're good at shot. Yeah, if you're not sure, just give it a shot. What are they smoking over there? 37. Disaster 28. That's the wish for the show. There's a lot of talk about it. Next song. Oh, it just came on. That's okay. What does this have to do with your 19? I'm sorry. You got this is something to see today. It's so good, but it looks better. I know. Right. I can't believe the only student can't go to the highest. And make it so away. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We saved this song. Come on. You've two, two, one. Two more. Tonight. We don't know if there's one. It's been a year, hard out of my own tonight. Broken bottles under children's feet. But it seems because today it's easy for me. But I'm going to leave the battle hall. If there's not bad, I'm just not bad at this moment. Something, what you're saying today. Something, what you're saying today. Something, what you're saying today. Something, what you're saying today. Let's roll. I'm going to run out of buffer room, so I'm going to fade it out here. What are you going to run out of? It's going to catch up with the solve and stuff again, because I have a slow internet connection over here as you know. Oh, my God. Well, that is a little tease for you. Okay, but you like you said you got to really see the video. Yeah. I just send it to Eric. So they get the full impact. Yeah. Eric will give it on their faster, you can say. To what a bull run. Impact. Yeah. Let's see again. I don't let me forget because it's going to take me about four hours to read that. Oh, come on. By the way, speaking of don't let you forget. Book of Brian found the video that you're talking about. The key to old woman thing. Feed it on Crooks and Liars. And I'll be sure and send the appropriate link to all interest parties you include it. You mean from last night's show, from last night's show, the video of it. It's on the internet. That's man, everything is. All right. Wow. All right. Nick and Aquina, at least expected, man. He comes through. He's full of surprises. You have no idea. He's full of it. Wow. Now, Keith Oberman, MSNBC, 8 to 9 PM. Okay. That's the only place you're going to get in. True. Forget about that daily show. That's a bunch of guys sitting around trying very hard to be funny and usually they're not. But Oberman, last night when he laid out all those, it was just so beautiful the way that they did it. To obviously he's got, you know, I'm like us. He actually has this staff of people that research stuff and like, like, like a real show. You know, but then again, we're doing okay. We're not listening to any meals last time I checked. Plus I found that good machini is to the again. What do I come back from my marginal trip with that crappy weather over there? Found another good machine. There came that 3000 online again. I think it's good to have probably not getting the slots. You're not saying they're not, but if they don't, it'll be good for Josh. Because he's one of those people that addictive personality. Yeah. Yeah. That's been long and serious. It'll be really bad because your buddy won the 10 grander of the 10. All you need to do is get started. I do have one little short thing to do in a jet here. I remember when the everybody remembers when I got all whipped up the or ragheads about those of cartoon on my Danish weekly reader, whatever that thing was that you know, all of the stuff and people died because of it because you're not supposed to be picked up on my ham and then you're out of the crab. And it was disrespectful. Well, you can be disrespectful to anybody else. And so an exhibition of more than 200 cartoons about the Holocaust. Open yesterday is Iran's response to last year's Muslim outrage over a caricature of the Prophet Muhammad and that Danish news rang. The display showing 204 entries from Iran and abroad was strongly influenced by the abuse of Iran's hardline president Mahoud Osman in a job who do you watch? See how easily I say that now. Wow, I still can't. Who do you watch Fred Kodd, a nationwide year for calling on the Holocaust a myth and saying that Israel should be destroyed? One cartoon by the name and by the way, yeah, I just auto mentioned this in passing although I just simply don't want to get up any of our Zionist buddies upset out there, but Hamas and his beloved were both created by Israel. There is no question about that. That's the fact, the nevertheless, one cartoon by Indonesian Tony Thambeen shows the Statue of Liberty holding a book on the Holocaust in Slashtan and giving a Nazi style salute with the other. It sounds like something Mel Gibson would have thought. It was at the bent arm up a Nazi salute or the one straight out of the angle. The one title like that, if you notice the old documentary footage, sometimes Hitler, I guess I've all dependent on how much we hear, how many we've easy it for breakfast. I think there's a formal salute in a casual salute. Sometimes the arm is straight out, other times it's like a kind of half of a saying guy. See guy. No, I think in one of the documentaries I saw, I'm not sure because the audio wasn't real clear, but he was saying, Hi, how are you? One cartoon, Mossau de Shoujai, the host Kermakitur House, said a jury looked to 1200 entries. We see that to the contest was announced in February by the coastbonds, so he reigned a newspaper Tom Sharrey. Well, at least I got a sense of humor over there about everybody else. Not about them. Everybody else is interested in the Jews, but not necessarily. 18 to noon at 2 am. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is 5.62 AM. Okay. In the light of the pancakes, your green hair really sets off your verbal suits. It's actually plumb, but thank you, Kekusator. That man mountain with Christian Bale as Batman, and he's ledger as the Joker. I wish I knew how to quit you, Joker. I wish I knew how to get that utility belt off. Stately way, manner, just got the makeover. Holy queer, I Batman! You and the Joker sure know how to make time pass down here in the back of you. We're just spilling things. Right, Joker? Don't worry, boy, wonder. There's an ever-am on that bad boy for a blah blah blah. Batman Mountain, you can fight cool in, but you can't fight your true identity. Let's end in the battle, be in the goblin pride parade. So let me ask you this. If we got that Keith Oberman thing, the link to it is there anywhere we can get on our Weftrain. Yeah. Don't talk about the whole hour, are we? I'm talking about that 15 minute segment, which I'm sure that chicken egg knows what I was talking about. Yes, what it is is the lemme do it in time. 12 minutes. Oh, that's it. 12 minutes segment, Oberman, the nexus of politics and terror. That is it. Oh, right. Keith runs down the timeline from 2002 until the latest UK plot regarding the political situation. Did I say that right? Political situation. The visualization of terror, solid ticking, etc. And so on and so forth. Excellent. Error's already got it in his hands. He's got his hands. How about the story? That too. Henry Porter in the Brit paper. Can I tell you the best paper that I have ever written in my life? What's the best paper that I've written in the lives of the independent, the independent on Sunday, the British paper? Okay. I took that paper on a plane for the trip back and I'm going to tell you, you can go there and read for like two hours. I mean, it's just, there are actually things to read in there, like a real newspaper. What a concept. You can just like the a hero. The land of the free, but free screeches of air commodity, right? Henry Porter, he says you can see what you like in the US. Just as long as you don't ask awkward questions about America's role in the Middle East. It used to be said that academic grounds were vicious because the stakes were so small. That's no longer true in America where a battle is underway on campuses over what can be said about the Middle East and US foreign policy. Doug Jiles is a recent casually. He used to teach a class on world religions at Roosevelt University Chicago, founded in memory of Franklin Roosevelt and his liberal inclined wife Elner, that Dijk. Last year, Jiles was ordered by the head of his department, our history and Susan Weininger, not to allow students to ask questions about Palestine and Israel. In fact, nothing with the invention in class, textbooks and examinations, that could possibly open Judaism to criticism. Students being what they are did not go along with a ban. The government originally from Pakistan asked a question about Palestinian rights. Someone complained for Professor Jiles was promptly fired. Leaving aside his boss's thoughtful qualifications to say the limits on a class of comparative religion, especially as early 20th century Midwestern artists such as Tunis Ponzi, and it says neither have I. Who was that? I haven't heard of him either of I. The point to grasp is that Professor Jiles did not make inflammatory statements himself. He merely refused to limit the beta among the young minds in front of him. This might be seen as a troubling one-off like the story involving the president of Harvard Lawrence Summers, who suggested that innate differences between the minds of men and women could be one reason why fewer women succeed in science and math to raise men was ousted. But Jiles sacking is far more important because it's part of the movement of the suppress criticism of Israel on the grounds that it's anti-Semitic. A mild man, Jiles seems astonished to find the battle for free speech and his own lecture theater. It may be sexy to get on a bus and go to the sea and march against the war he said last week, but it is much less sexy to fight in your own university for the right of free speech, but that's where it begins. That's because they're taking away what you can talk about. He feels there's a pattern of intolerance in his second that's been encouraged by websites such as fraughtpagemag.com and Campus Watch. Joel Binnen of Stanford University is regularly attacked by both. Binnen is a Jew who speaks both Hebrew and Arabic. He worked in Israel and on an assembly line in the U.S., where he helped Arab workers understand their rights. Now he holds seminars in Stanford, which all views are expressed. For this reason, no doubt has photographed recently appeared on the front of a book that entitled Campus Support for Terrorism. It was published by David Horowitz to found or a front page mag.com, who was both composed of Billor Rights for Universities designed to take politics for which we live a influence in plurality, out of the curriculum, and listed the hundred most dangerous academics in America, which includes Norm Chomsky, and many other distinguished thinkers and teachers. The demented bullying tone of the websites is another symptom of the decent of public discourse in America, and, frankly, one can easily see the attractions of self-sensorship on the question of the Middle Eastern Israel. Read David Horowitz for longer than five minutes, and you begin to hear Senator Joseph McArthur accusing someone of un-American activities. At Harvard a few weeks after what was called Sumner's Mist at a much greater row in suit when John Mirchheim wrote the University of Chicago, and Stephen Walder Harvard published a paper called The Israel Lobby. Brave because the alleged distortion of U.S. pro-Israel foreign policies un-mentionedable and American public life. Their paper was printed only in the UK in the London Review of Books, and America then they're followed what's been described as the massive... A part from the mostly from sites such as Campus Watch and Front page mag and have little mainstream circulation and has been no real debate. I read it several times, it cannot disagree with the early point made by the authors. There is a strong moral case for supporting Israel's existence, but that is not in jeopardy. Viewed objectively, it's passed in present conduct offers no moral basis for public digging it over the Palestinians. That's the crux. All Americans to say little of the British who have been reluctantly welded to the U.S. policy surely deserve the chance to know about the influence that Lobby such as APEC, the American Israeli public affairs committee exuded times like these. The bottom line, say Mirchheim, or in Walder's that APEC is a defacto agent for a foreign government, as a stranglehold on Congress, where the result that U.S. policy is not debated there, even though the policy has important consequences for the entire world. In other words, one of the three main branches of the government is firmly committed to supporting Israel. Later they say the Lobby's influence causes trouble on several fronts, and increases the terrorist danger that all states face, including America's European allies. It is made it impossible to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A situation that gives extremist a powerful recruiting tool increases the pull-up potential terrorist and supervisors and contributes to Islamic radicalism in Europe and Asia. You could add that the Lobby's influence man and the long run be very much against Israel's interests. That is my belief, but these things are really discussed in America. People look vaguely queasy when you raise the subject of the Israeli lobby, as though the only concern in American discourse is not to appear anti-Semitic, a fear which I suggest is sometimes shamelessly played upon. The right of people like Mirchheim, or Walt, Binin, and Jiles and even Summers to say what they think, must remain in violet if we're not to lose the values of what the West insist is fighting for. The world misses called for on both sides of the Atlantic to discuss the pressure coming from both Jewish and Muslim quarters, not to discuss it who's openly because of various sensibilities. In Britain, we should deforeward equal the amensitantation to give indiscresual tweeting from, for instance, the Muslim businessman who don't want the film of Monica Ali's bricklaying made in their area, they have no right to dictate to this ancient democracy of ours now theirs, and so saffle free expression. Last week, during John Snow's fascinating documentary about Muslim attitudes in England, women said that British society was too decadent for her to allow her children to integrate completely. A moment's thoughts suggested that British democracy had much to offer over the appalling civic values, funded most Muslim countries, the oppression of women in Islam, the untold domestic abuse and the tens of thousands of children sold into bonded legorant Pakistan for husband's country of origin. Her prime separatism fails to grasp the value of our democratic institutions when set against societies run by Sharia law and so undermines them. My view is that in America and Britain, we should think of a free speech as an article of faith, as one of the ways that we define our civilization against the forces that were to be unleashed on us this week, as well as the influences that stifle criticism of Israel and so enable the disgraceful actions in South Lebanon. The interests of extreme proponents of Muslim and Jewish faiths combined in one way or another to assault our ancient democratic traditions and we must resist them. What the students like those in Doug Jaws class ask whatever they like. Excellent. Pretty good, huh? What'd you think of that? That's by Henry Porter in the Sunday Observer, the Brit paper, the observer. Why are we the good cons most of them are in the Brit papers? The Guardian, the observer, the independent. Trust me when I say you're not. So how's that to think coming on our website? That's pretty exciting. We've got two things for the president. Heron has acknowledged that we seek them and ensure he's working feet on them. Heavy, heavy duty. Which if you eat it McDonald's often enough, that's right. Heavy, heavy stuff. And of course the bush thing, that's going to get eight million. Amy, maybe we're going to watch that. So they've let me Sunday. By the way, you ever see that movie with Peter Finch? No. It's a little bit too. Yay for either one of you. Trust me. Is it about the Super Bowl, budding thing? No. Oh. It's about. Yay. Oh. Peter Finch is a doctor and the guy comes to me and says, it's a British movie. I say. And the guy comes to him who goes both ways. I say. Got it? North and South. North South East and West. And he likes it the best. And then he writes Peter Finch becomes more of a doctor. He kind of like, nurses and back to hell. I say, what? You don't want to see it, believe me. No, no. Yay for you. And definitely Josh, I want to see it because he'll never be the same again. Never recover from it. I did see the great Sanctini. Yeah, I heard that. And I don't know how to put my review other than I hate the great Sanctini. The character, the guy. But I came up around and played like the movie because they make his name was a bull. Meachum. Was that his name in the movie? Yes. Bull Meachum. But what I'm meant about you are going to say something else that Schmidt. Yeah. I don't know. He's coming up before. Don't say that. That's the vessel. Nasty shot. Eight hundred and seventy nine votes on the pool. I don't know. We're going to make that sour. We better get moving man. I'm starting to get to the little bit nervous. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. And more have it in. And this portion of the Neil Rogers is a 12 to one however, is brought to you by the Let it 12. One two three four five six seven eight. One eleven twelve. So like this is a pizza. Oh for me. Here's the top top top top top. So good boy. Jay Jay Jackson. Me the blood with my foot when. Sit below for the magic bubble where I'm burning. And Tony phases of school months to renew rent. I'm not that. When we were children. I'm not that. We used to love and see they made a city of stars. Now no one knows the suit. They are. But they'll never give their cars. Oh. Now these days it's full of skulls like the RL. And if you ask me if baby is gone then now. I wish they'd be back to the perfect normal child. What happened to you then? Oh. I really did. And TV made a city of stars. But they couldn't even go far. Now no one could play guitar. The swearing spend next was Fox West Mar. Those ladies here and those marables are. But what's going to be called now? John Paul. Where are the videos? And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. And TV made a city of stars. However, horrendous the crimes of two of the world's great liars and terrorists in Gaza and Lebanon, it is imperative that we not let the deeds of a hood, old-mort and George W. Bush distracts from another recent event. The US Alliance with Israel and the power of the lobby deluxe Israel, so easily influenced the US foreign policy of been major factors in allowing a monstrous slaughter of instance of Indians in Gaza and Lebanon. What is happening in these lands may also encourage old-mort and Bush to start new hostilities in Syria, and heavy possible nuclear bombings in Iran, and this entire massive neocompotage may lead to a new world war in classes of civilizations and religious fundamentalisms that these two wretched politicians seem quite literally to want to impose on the rest of us. It's a tough case to make that anything else is going on in the world anywhere that could possibly be a vehicle in portance. But on July to accept maybe ball games. But on July 29th and 30th, and then again August for something else happened that increasing numbers of people believe is of equal importance. On these dates, C-Span we broadcast a panel discussion, a real held originally in late June, sponsored by an organization called the American Scholars' Imposium, to discuss what really happened on 9, 11, 2001. Pelham Law Sand, the meeting lasted two days, and the C-Span we broadcast covered one almost to our wrap-up session. The meeting was attended by 1200 people, interesting hearing something other than the official story of 9, 11. TV audience was evidently large enough to spur a C-Span to broadcast a panel discussion five separate times in four days. Even a month late, this is a lot of airtime for stories that many people call conspiracy theories, and for which many others use nasty descriptions. It is possible that the head of C-Span, Brian Lam, so strongly displeased the conspiracy theories that he felt giving the ample publicity would discredit them further. It is equally possible, however, that Lam, who seems honestly to believe in presenting various sides of most issues as fairly as he can, although not always giving every side equal time, try to do exactly that on a major agenda questions raised about what really happened on 9, 11. In any event, C-Span has made a major effort to bring information on the principal theories about 9, 11 of the mainstream US media, Lam cannot be blamed for the coincidence that recent heavy military activity in 2011 on his nearly drowning out his efforts. Let's address the real issues here. Why is it important that we not let the so-called conspiracy theories around the 9, 11 be drowned out? After spending the better part of the last five years treating these theories without most skepticism, I've devoted serious time to actually studying them in recent months, and have also carefully watched several videos that are available on the subject. I've come to believe that significant parts of the 9, 11 theories are true, and that therefore a significant parts of the official story put out by the US government and 9, 11, Commission are false. I now think there is persuasive evidence that the events of September did not unfold as the Bush administration and the 9, 11, Commission would have us believe. The items below are highlighted major questions surrounding 9, 11, but don't constitute a detailed recounting of the evidence available. 1. Inherliner almost certainly did not hit the Pentagon, hard physical evidence supports this conclusion. Among other things, the whole in the Pentagon was considerably smaller than airline or would create. The building was thus presumably hit by something smaller, possibly a missile or a drone or less possibly a smaller manned aircraft. Absolutely no information is available on what happened to the original aircraft American Airlines Flight 77, the crew, the hijackers and the passengers. The official story is that appeared in the 9, 11, Commission reports simply says, at 9, 37, 46 American Airlines Flight 77, cracked in the Pentagon, traveling at approximately 530 miles an hour. All onboard, as well as many civilians and military personnel in the building were killed. This allows readers to assume that pieces of the aircraft and some bodies of passengers were found in the rubble of the crash, but information so far released by the government does not show that such evidence was in fact ever found. The story put out by the Pentagon is that the plane and its passengers were insinuated. Yet video footage of offices in the Pentagon situated that the edge of the hole clearly shows office furniture undamaged. The size of the hole in the Pentagon wall still remains as valid evidence and so far seems irrefutable. 2. The north and south towers of the world trade center almost certainly did not collapse in fall to earth because hijacked aircraft hit them. A plane did not hit building 7 of the center which also collapsed. All three were most probably destroyed by controlled demolition charges placed in the building's V4 9, 11. A substantial volume of evidence shows that typical residues and byproducts from such demolition charges were present in the three buildings after they collapsed. The quality of the research shown in the subject is quite impressive. If the Germans made on points 1 and 2 above are correct, they raised many who had done a questions in strong with suggested someone named Persons or groups either inside, or would ties to the government, actively creating a Pearl Harbor event, more likely to gain public support for the aggressive foreign policies that followed, policies that were first transformed the entire Middle East and second expanded US global domination. These first two points provide the strongest evidence available that the official story of 9, 11 is not true. If the government could prove this evidence false and its own story on these points correct, all the other data and speculation supporting the conspiracy theories would be undermined. It is provided no such proof and no answers to growing questions. Other less important points supporting the theories include the following. Three, for at least 1 hour and 45 minutes after the hijacking of the first aircraft was known, US air defense authorities failed to take any main inflection. This strikes some conspiracy theorists as valid evidence that the US Air Force was deliberately restrained for acting. Maybe so by my own skepticism tells me that the inefficiency of US defense forces is likely to be just as plausible in explanation. For, some of the theorists believe that the 19 named hijackers were not actually the hijackers, one claim is that the names of the hijackers were not on the manifest of any of the four aircraft at all. Five, number of the 19 hijackers bodies were ever opt-off since they were allegedly totally destroyed in the crashes, including even the people in the Pennsylvania crash. Six, at least 5 of the alleged hijackers are persons with identical names since turned up alive in the Middle East. Nonetheless, the FBI has never bothered to reinvestigate or revise a list of hijackers. Does this suggest that the FBI knows that no one in the administration is interested in reopening any further investigation? Seven. Numbers' pilots have allegedly told the theorists that none of the 19 hijackers could possibly have flown the airliner's well enough to hit the world trade center towers and the Pentagon with as much accuracy as was displayed. The debate on the situation simply raises more doubt about the government's charge that the people of his name to hijackers are the real hijackers. Eight. No one has said possibly government investigators who are not talking has seen the plane that went down in Pennsylvania. Some of the conspiracy theorists who just said we deliberately destroyed before hit the ground, other suggests that the plane actually landed in Cleveland, and that passengers then were risked away to some unknown destination. What happened to them at that point is simply a large question mark that makes it more difficult to believe this particular scenario. There went to that island that practically could. No, did they? The prisoners. But who's number two? You're. Nine. Machinations in the US stock market in the days before 9. 11 suggests that some inside players in the market knew or suspected that united and American airline stock was soon dropped. Two of the four of the aircraft involved in 9. 11 were of course united planes and the other two were of course American Airlines planes. It should be re-emphasized that these items did not make up a complete list of all the charges made by the theorists, but they were good example. Anyone interested in perhaps the best summary of these charges should watch the video. Lose change. Huh. About three. Three. Peat. Point one and two above are the most important of something other than an airline or actually did hit a Pentagon on 9.11. And if the North and South towers of the world traded parades enter actually were dropped to the ground by controlled demolitions, rather than by anything connected to the hijackings, the untruth stories pedal by the 9.11 commission report are clearly susceptible of being turned to major political issues. A script-powered new service university or how a university pulled taking from July 6 to 24th of this year concluded that. More than a third 36% American public suspects that federal officials assisted in the 9.11 terrorist attacks or took no action to stop them so that the US could go to war in the Middle East. The poll also found that 16% of American speculate that secretly tied a explosive not burning past new jets were the real reason the massive 20,000-year-old trade center collapsed. A poll done by the zombie polling organization two months earlier between May 12 and 16 using questioned worded somewhat differently. Suggested even more strong than that the issue could become a big one of aggressively publicized. This poll concluded that 42% of Americans believed there had indeed been a cover up of the true events of 9.11 and an additional 10% of Americans were unsure. The co-author of the poll, WDQB, stated that despite years of relentless media promotion, wide-wash and 9.11 commission propaganda, the official 9.11 story still can't even muster 50% popular support. Whatever these polls are closer to the truth would make it would seem that there is a considerable support for making a major political issue on the Sunday. I guess I will stop there. Okay both videos are up on the website by the way. Alright so we got bursting in a Sunday bloody Sunday with the without Peter Finch. Right. Now what's the other one? Keith Olbrmann, all my god, I'm going to watch that again myself. There you go. But you can't play the audio because your thing is going to not go to our last for 12 minutes is that no, I downloaded the video and I can't play the audio. From Keith Olbrmann? Yes. Oh we got to do that too. What we got a lot of fish to fry here. Hmm. They're supposed to do what I say. This is meal. I'm not sure if you're supposed to do it. This is fine. But the sushi is... Yeah. Got probes out of the nose of the champagne. Wait. Don't drop roots. Then giant fish. Oh, huge service. I hang in from the ash. I'm eating a number of men in the field. I saw it. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. It's supposed to the flames. Such a trial accompanied by actual change in US policies would show that some people on this globe are at least trying to move closer to more just and decent behavior in human relationships around the world. At the second level, the short term, the tension would be to immediately set to work as hard as is humanly possible to defeat the nation's congressional election any candidate who refuses to support a no-holds-bar to investigate a 9-level by the Congress or a high-level international court. No more evidence than is now available is needed in order to begin this process. A manageable volume of carefully collected and analyzed evidence is already at hand on both items one and two above. Such evidence should be used right now to buck for charges that elements within the Bush administration, as well as possibly other groups for an automatic, or involved in a massive fraud against the American people, or fraud that is led to many thousands of deaths. This charge of fraud if proven involves a much greater crime against the American people and people of the world than any other charges of fraud connected to the run-up to the invasion of Iraq in March 2003. It is a charge that we should not sweep under the rug because what is happening in Lebanon, Gaza, Iraq, Syria and Iran seems more pressing and overwhelming. It's a charge that's more important because it's all related to all the areas just mentioned. After all the events of 9-11 have been used by this administration just to buy every single aspect of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East since 9-11. It is a charge that's more important also because it affects the very core of our entire political system. If proven is a conspiracy so far successful, not only against the people of the U.S. but against the entire world. Finally it's a charge too important to ignore simply because the U.S. government refuses to discuss it. We must force the Bush administration to discuss it. The discussions aggressively pushed day after day about what really happened in 9-11 will be one of the most important tasks between now and early November. Such discussions can when hopes provide progressives with a way to jolt voters out of their empathy and willingness to support the status quo that they think gives them security. And encourage more voters to stop supporting Bush to Republicans and the wobbly democratic politicians who might as well be Republicans. A major issue like this already supported by many voters may prove especially important in a congressional election year when new uncertainties in the Middle East new possibilities of terrorism against the U.S. retaliation for recent large scale acts of Israeli, U.S. terrorism and Gaza and Lebanon and a corrupt, almost single party U.S. political system combined to make it more likely that support is a Bush will retain their majority of this November. In terms of electoral impact it would not matter whether heavy publicity did in fact force the administration to accept a new high level investigation of 9-11 events. Initially the principal goal would be to contribute heavily to the defeat of both Republicans and Democrats who refuse to support wholeheartedly a major new investigation by Congress or an international court. This might result in the defeat of more Republicans than Democrats in November, but ultimately the hope for a goal should be the end of a system in which Democrats are barely different from former Republicans along with cut facts in the political power of wealth and the foreign and domestic lobbies paid for by wealth. These are the dominant features of our systems. They that have practically eliminated meaningful democracy in the U.S. The figure of democracy has happened before a new S. history, but this time it is likely to last longer. At least in the U.S. policies begin to pay as much attention to the needs of the world as they do to self-insure if the thoughtless needs of the U.S. and its military industrial complex. Attacks on the criminal events surrounding 9-11 might speed this process. Virtually no members of Congress, Democratic or Republican, will relish calling for further investigation of 9-11. For right now, in addition to other motives, the issue should be used to go after those political prostitutes, among elected officers who should also be defeated because they are so easily seduced by money and power to vote for immoral wars against weak enemies. At the Los Angeles meeting of the American scholars' symposium, one of the main speakers, Webster Tarpley summarizes his own views on the events of 9-11. The emphasized that Neocon fascist madman had perpetrated the 9-11 myth. He went on to say the most important thing is that the 9-11 myth is the premise on the root of the Afghanistan war and the Iraq war and the coming attack on Iran. We must have provved the myth's perpetrators of the ability to stamp heat and manipulate hundreds of millions of people with their cynically planned terrorist events. Let's give Webster Tarpley another mistakenly labeled conspiracies to labor in the wilderness for so long, three cheers. This is by a former senior official of the CIA, not just by some, yeah, yeah, it was a lie. We were like that and I wanted those. He now right. God, 12, 23. My God, feel like I've been here for 15 hours already. We say the world with ball games, man, Marlon game tonight, Marlon is in the Dodgers. Preceded by, of course, some of the promised radio and the history of South Florida make no mistake about it. So you see some armed truck problems to crow. 934 votes. We're going to make the 1000 easy. I was starting a little bit panicky there for just a second. You know what I mean? You know me. Oh yeah. Panic man. Paul Crabman writes in New York Times, you talk about this yesterday. I mentioned it. What was in yesterday's paper, but of course I was not yesterday. I'm sure you didn't read it. No, you don't. You know, you got some good colors that you take. Right. And what's the other one now? Hi, Ryan. Oh, he's a young man. And then there's always in Ron. Oh yeah. Paul Crabman hoping for a theory say just two days after 9, 11, I learned from congressional staffers that Republicans on Capitol Hill were already exploiting the atrocity trying to use it to push through text cuts for corporations in the wealthy. I wrote about the subject and I stayed warning that politicians who wrapped themselves in the flag while we're leftlessly pursuing their usual partisan agenda are not through patriots. The response from readers was furious. Fury, not a propositions, but a me for suggesting that such an outrage was even possible. How can I say that to my young son, tomato one angry correspondent? I wonder what he says to us on these days. We now know from the very beginning, the Bush administration and his allies in Congress, all the terrorist threat, not as a problem to be solved, but as a political opportunity to be excluded. The story of the latest terror plot makes the administration's speclessness and cynicism on terror, clearer than ever. The administration has always pinched pennies when it comes to actually defending America against terrorist attacks. Now we learn that terrorism experts have noted about the threat of liquid explosive four years, but that the Bush administration did nothing about that threat until now, and tried to divert funds from programs that might have helped protect us. As the British terror plot was unfolding reports to the Associated Press, the Bush administration quietly tried to take away six million dollars that was supposed to be spent as you developing new explosive detection technology. cynicism Republicans have consistently portrayed their opponents as weak on terrorism, have not actually in sympathy with the terrorist. Remember the 2002 TVN, which Senator Max Clinton and the Georgia, was pictured with Osama bin Laden, Saddam Hussein, now we have the Chinese suggesting that the voters in Democratic primary and Connecticut were lending aid and transferred to Alcadatex, there they go again. More effectiveness and maybe more cynicism too. NBC reports that there was a dispute between the British and Americans over one to make a rest in the latest plot. Since the alleged plotters were not ready to go, they hadn't purchased airline tickets yet, and some didn't even have passports yet, British officials wanted to watch and wait hoping to get them more evidence. But according to NBC, the Americans insisted on early arrests. Suspricions that the Bush administration might have had political motives in wanting the arrest made prematurely are fed by members of events two years ago. The Department of Homeland Security declared a terror alert just after the Democratic National Convention shifting the spotlight away from John Kerry, and according to Pakistani intelligence officials, blowing the cover of a mole inside Alcadate. But whether or not there was something fishy about the timing of the latest terror announcement, there's the question of what the administration's scare tactics will work. If current polls are any indication, Republicans are on the verge of losing control of at least one house of Congress, and on every issue other than terrorism and Homeland Security says new week about it in its latest poll, the Democrats can win. Can last them be offered to make a big splash on terrorist-a-voltaic electoral disaster? Many political analysts think it will, but even on terrorism and even after the latest news, poll's group Republicans had best a slight advantage, and Democrats are finally doing what they should in a long time ago, calling and foul on the administration's attempt to take partisan advantage of the terrorist threat. It was significant both that President Bush felt obliged to defend himself against that accusation in the Sunday radio address, and that his standard defense attacking a strawman declaring that there should be no disagreement about the dangers we face. The dangers we face came off sounding so weak. Above all, many Americans now understand the extent of which Mr. Bush abused the trust in Asian-placed in the aftermath of 9-11. Americans no longer believe that he's someone who will keep them safe as many did even in 2004. The pathetic response to Hurricane Katrina and the disaster in Iraq have seen of that. All Mr. Bush and his party can do with this point is demonize the opposition, and my guess is that the public won't go for it. The Americans are fed up with leadership that has nothing to hope for but fear itself. What a great line. Nothing to hope for but fear itself. That's what the FBI will be proud. Are you going to play that keythoverment thing in a couple minutes here, so just with believe, just don't breathe too hard, you're computer might like lose. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5602A. See you Rogers. I'm heartful, and it becomes finger-washable, as I say, because it was a stupid step, the ground struck in the dirt, makes me smile, which is the same thing. Hope that front-on comes today, I hope it's a new driver. Me, man. I don't understand what you see in that town, you girls think that he's so far. I tell you what I let him live, that's what I want to live in. I did what I had in my head and she asked, find out what's the little fat ground came. You think it's true, I see you beside. For fantasy, there's a new life that you need to find. You think it's true, you are the night, I know it's not for you to open night. You feel your scar, you start a city, I'm gonna find out what's wrong with you for me. You feel fine, you fall in the path, don't ever let it go. So let me ask you this, what can Brownie do for you? Oh, where did we start? 1233-2741, Curtis Stevenson and two, no relation to Adelaide, and then we got guilty. That's four, wow, that's what it goes. Okay, have you got that? Thank you, that piece. Yes, sir, who does countdown and MSNBC, probably the best news-oriented show, also with a lot of humor every night, eight to nine months or two Friday. And last night, he just, I think he had to jackpot. Okay, roll it. Roll it. I don't hear it. I know, I got a big delay going on. George is rolling one. The term we employ is the nexus of politics in terror. It does not imply that there is no terror. But it also does not deny that there is politics, and it refuses to assume that counter terror measures in this country are not being influenced by politics. Our third story in the countdown, the basis of all this at heart, remarks made on May 10, 2005 by a former Bush administration official discussing the old colored coded terror threat warning system. More often than not, he said, we were the least inclined to raise it. Sometimes we disagreed with the intelligence assessment. Sometimes we thought even if the intelligence was good, you don't necessarily put the country on alert. There were times when some people were really aggressive about raising it, and we said, for that, the speaker was the first secretary of Homeland Security Tom Rich, in the light of those remarks and his criticism this week of the Vice President for politicizing terror in the context of the Connecticut Senatorial primary. It is imperative that we examine each of the coincidences of time, since 2002, including the one last week, in which excoriating comments by leading Republicans about leading Democrats, just happened to precede arrests in a vast, reported terror plot. Arrest that we now know we're carried out on a timeline requested not by the British, nor Ninescitated by the evidence, but requested by this government. We introduced these coincidences to you exactly as we did when we first compiled this top 10 list. After the revelation of the announced threats to New York subway system last October had been wildly overblown, and we do so by reminding you and ourselves here that perhaps the simplest piece of wisdom in the world is called the logical fallacy, just because event A occurs and then event B occurs that does not automatically mean that event A caused event B, but neither does it say the opposite. The nexus of politics and terror, please judge for yourself. Number one, May 18th, 2002. The first details of the president's daily briefing of August 6, 2001 are revealed, including its title, been lawden determined to strike in U.S. The same day, another memo is discovered, revealing the FBI, new of men with links to Al Qaeda training at an Arizona flight school. The memo was never acted upon. Questions about 9, 11 intelligence failures are swirling, May 20th, 2010. Terror warnings from the highest levels of the federal government tonight are two days later. FBI director Mueller declares that another terrorist attack is inevitable. Tonight there are even more warnings. The next day, the mode of part of Homeland Security, issues warnings of attacks against railroads nationwide and against New York City landmarks, like the Brooklyn Bridge of the Statue of Liberty. Number two, Thursday June 6, 2002. I never really anticipated this kind of impact. The following rally, the FBI, who tried to alert her superiors to the specialized flight training taken by Zacarius Musau, whose information suggests the government missed a chance to break up the 9, 11 plot, testifies before concrete. Senate Intelligence Committee chair Graham says, where I'll always testimony has inspired similar pre 9, 11 whistleblowers, Monday June 10, 2002. Four days later, we have disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot, speaking from Russia, a 30-general John Ashcroft reveals that an American named Hoze Adia is under arrest accused of plotting a radiation bomb attack in this country. In fact, Adia had by this time already been detained for more than one month. Number three, February 5, 2003. Secretary of State Powell tells the United Nations Security Council of Iraq's concealment of weapons, including 18 mobile biological weapons, laboratories, justifying a UN or US first strike. Many in the UN are doubtful. The month later, much of the information proves on true. February 7, 2003. Two days later, as anti-war demonstrations continue to take place around the globe, take some time to prepare for emergency. Home land security secretary Ridge sites credible threats, and a few days later, the United Nations Security Council is under arrest. Three days after that, fire administrator David Pollison, who would become the acting head of FEMA after the hurricane Katrina disaster. Advises Americans to suck up on plastic cheating and duct tape that would protect themselves against radiological or biological attack. Number four, July 23, 2003. The White House admits that the CIA, months before the president's state of the Union address, expressed strong doubts about the claim that Iraq had attempted to buy uranium from Niger. On the 24th, the congressional report on the 911 attacks is issued. It criticizes government at all levels. It reveals an FBI informant had been living with two of the future hijackers. It concludes that Iraq had no link to al Qaeda. 28 pages of the report are redacted. On the 26th, American troops are accused of beating Iraqi prisoners. July 29, 2003. Three days later, amid all of the negative headlines. Word of a possible new al Qaeda attack. Homeland Security issues warnings of further terrorist attempts to use airplanes or suicide attacks. Number five, December 17, 2003. 911 Commissioned Co-Chair Thomas Cain says the attacks were preventable. The next day, a federal appeals court says the government cannot detain suspected radiation bomber Jose Padilla indefinitely without charges. And the chief US weapons inspector interact, Dr. David Kay, who has previously announced he has found no weapons of mass destruction there, which announces he will resign his vote. December 21, 2003. 14 days later, the Sunday morning. Today, the United States government raised the national threat level. Homeland Security again raises the threat level to orange, claiming credible intelligence of further plots to crash airliners into US cities. Subsequently, six international flights into this country are cancelled. After some passenger names, reportedly produced matches on government no fly lists. The French later identify those match names. One belongs to an insurance salesman from Wales. Another to an elderly Chinese woman, a third to a five-year-old boy. Number six, March 30, 2004. The new chief weapons inspector interact Charles Dulford tells Congress, we have still not found any WMD in that country. And after weeks of having refused to appear before the 9-11 commission, Condolese Rice Relents and Agrees to Testify. On 31st, four blackwater USA contractors working in Iraq are murdered. Their mutilated bodies dragged through the streets and left on public display in Follusion. The role of civilian contractors in Iraq is now widely questioned. April 2, 2004. The FBI has issued a new warning tonight to the land security issues of boats in warning that terrorists may try to blow up buses and trains using fertilizer and fuel bombs, like the one detonated in Oklahoma City, bombs, stuff into satchels or duffelbacks. Number seven, May 16, 2003. The Secretary of State Powell appears on Meet the Press. Moderator Tim Russell closes by asking him about the enormous personal credibility Powell had placed before the UN in laying out a case against Saddam Hussein. And age Powell interrupts the question saying the interview is over. I think that was one of your staff, Mr. Secretary. I don't think that's appropriate. I don't think that's appropriate. Powell finishes his answer admitting that much of the information he had been given about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq was inaccurate and wrong. And in some cases, they're literally misleading. On the 21st, new photos showing mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu-Quray Prison are released. On the 24th, associated press video from Iraq confirms US forces mistakenly bombed a wedding party, killing more than 40. Wednesday, May 26, 2004. Two days later, a Attorney General Ashcroft today that FBI director Mueller turned a warrant that intelligence from multiple sources indicates al-Qaeda's specific intention to hit the United States hard. And that 90% of the arrangements for attack on the United States were complete. The color-coded warning system is not raised. The Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge does not attend the announcement. Number eight, July 6, 2004. Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry select Senator John Edwards as his wife presidential wedding, producing a small bump in the election of opinion polls and producing a huge swing in media attention towards the Democratic campaign. July 8, 2004. Two days later, credible reporting now indicates that al-Qaeda is moving forward with its plans to carry out a large scale attack in the United States. Homeland Senator Ridge, who does your own information about it, how tight it attacks during the summer or autumn. Four days after that, the head of the US election assistance commission, before us be sorry Jr., confirms he has written to Ridge about the prospect of postponing the upcoming presidential election in the event it is interrupted by terrorist attacks. Number nine, July 29, 2004. At their party convention in Boston, the Democrats formally nominate John Kerry as their candidate for president. As in the wake of any convention, the Democrats now dominate the media attention over the subsequent weekend, August 1, 2004. Monday morning, three days later. Today is as reliable as the source of the group of charges we've ever seen before. The Department of Homeland Security raises the alerts that is for financial setters in New York, Jersey and Washington to arch. The evidence supporting the warning, reconnaissance data left in a home in Iraq, later proves to be roughly four years old and largely out of date. Number 10, October 6, 2005, 10 A.M. The president addresses the national endowment for democracy. Once again, emphasizing the importance of the war on terror and insisting his government has broken up at least 10 terrorists lost since 9.11. At 3 p.m. Eastern time, five hours after the president's speech has begun. The associated press reports that Carl Roe will testify again to the CIA leak grand jury. And that special prosecutor fifth Gerald has told Roe, he cannot guarantee that he will not be indicted. Or waiting a news conference at the bottom of the hour near our city at 517 p.m. Eastern time. Seven hours after the president's speech has begun, New York officials disclosed a bomb threat to the city's subway system based on information supplied by the federal government. A homeland security spokesman says the intelligence upon which the disclosure is based is of doubtful credibility. And it later proves that New York City had known of the threat for at least three days and had increased police presence in the subways long before making the announcement at that particular time. Local New York television station WNBC reports it had the story of the threats days in advance of the announcement that was asked by high ranking federal officials in New York and Washington to hold off on its story. Less than four days after having revealed the threats, Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York says since the period of the threat now seems to be passing, I think over the immediate future we'll slowly be winding down the enhanced security. Well news organizations ranging from the New York Post to NBC News at the post sources who say there was reason to believe the informant who triggered the warning simply made it up. A senior U.S. counterterrorism official tells the New York Times, quote, there was no there. In all fairness, as we observed last October and we observe again tonight, we could possibly construct a similar timeline of terror events and warnings and their relationship to the opening of new chain stores around the country. But if merely a reasonable case could be made that any of these juxtapositions of events are more than just coincidence, especially the one last week in which terror policy was again injected directly into a political race. It underscores the need for questions to be asked in this country. Questions about what is prudence and what is fear monitoring. Alright, I like that a lot. I know you would. Okay, it's already 1247 so the message is. Fear afraid. Fear afraid. Fear afraid. Fear afraid. Fear afraid. Fear afraid. If the terror is warning on so as you drive on to work, be there. The White House says, well, all the food now can't be sure when it might strike Trying to make a year with nervous freckles of all of the stress All the way from steps as we better watch out He used to word up in the air It's a pair of sworn hands I'll never miss it before they And I'll stay They say.. No even but when- Noastic pressure Thinkre,people taking me strobe I think that ate a pretty s tudo That live my life Joy makes lap time I don't wanna go Quite the tour was five,60 WCM, happy,too They were the still spinning around the sun and shining. We're not dead yet. And he went to go, could not be. I'm trying. Have a good time. Not too good though, because you might then you're burdened hell. So that's a problem with all these things. You know, all the things that you'd like to do with the world is coming in like say Saturday, between now and in. Why do you got to burden hell? Oh my God. And how about this business about dividing a racket of three separate countries? I was at Westoffers. And the she is in the Sunnis in the Oh my God. When that would be just great, wouldn't it? Oh, yeah. And they all would probably be very effective. We're working for India. Look at that. They don't have any more Muslim products. Speaking of Asia, China has vanished Homer Simpson Pokemon and Mickey Mouse from prime time. Beginning September one regularly, there's a bar for in cartoons from TV from five to eight PM. And effort to protect China's struggling animations to theos, the move allows the monkey king and his Chinese pals to get the top TV viewing hours themselves. He's fucked. You hear the monkey king? No, but I'm going to look into it. Foreign cartoons, especially from Japan, are hugely popular with China's 250 million children and the country's own animation studios who struggle to compete. Commonistically, if there's a set to be frustrated that so many cartoons are foreign-made, especially after ever to build up Chinese animation studios. The ban hasn't been formally announced, but newspapers already were criticizing of this past weekend as the wrong way to a fool of programs. Is that the monkey king? No, it's a Japanese cartoon thing. No. Well, that's sweet. This is a worrying, short-sighted policy. We'll not stop the fundamental problems in China's cartoon industry. The Southern Metropolis news said, the viewing masses, whether children or adults will have no choice, but to passively support Chinese products. Well, is that what they want? They want them to Chinese to be real passive, yes, they did. Chinese animators produce hundreds of hours of programs here, but aren't known for a flare or virginality. They're probably putting old David Haselaw for Iran's on. The drawn to the drawn traditional stir-rich such as Journey to the West about the adventures of the monkey king and have yet to invent characters to match the appeal of Mickey Mouse or Japanese icons such as Pokemon. The cartoon campaign comes from an efforts by President Mao, Jean Taoise government to Hu Da, whatever his name is. Hu Jean Taoise government to tighten control over the other pop culture, ranging from movies to magazines and websites. TV stations have been told to limit foreign programming, stop showing scary movies in prime time, and have their host rest more conservatively and use fewer English words on the air. Ha ha ha ha ha, all right. Most cartoons in China central TV, the National Broadcaster, are Chinese made. But more free-wheeling local broadcasts to show everything from the Simpsons to Japanese, sub-Korean, and European cartoons dubbed into Chinese. Film studios have been pushed to merge in order to create big, well-finished competitors. Maybe they can just get Mao gifts in over there, please. Yeah, that's all about the problem. Yeah, the passion of the Buddha. Can you just see it now? Oh, yes. Mao could put his head together with the Chinese. And by the way, they will not put up with the Dalai Lama. No more. They said, they said, goodbye, Dalai Lama. 999 votes on the poll. George is going to be spending a lot of time tomorrow. I was planning that new lineup right in between Elvis tunes. All there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, I hate it. Speaking of Japan, man, don't you remember? The big shot was here a couple of weeks ago and Bush took him to Grace Land. That's right. They love Elvis. They're in the Mexican and two of them had it. We all do all time together. Yeah, they love Elvis. I don't know why. We know why the Germans like David Hassellhoff because he's one of their peoples, you know, right. But what's the Japanese of Session with Elvis? Maybe Elvis was turning Japanese. They're into a comical cartoon character type things. Are you saying that Elvis was comical in cartoon like? Yes. I have with 91 votes on the poll. What's your take on the announced QAM New Line if we're going to start August 28? Let's promote the hell out of this, baby. Then they can't play most of them. They flopped. It'll be great. What is it? 3604. I've read it. What? 75 times. I'll read it. Maybe not that many. At least. 30. And they still learn what it is. 3604. Bozos. Who is Kenny Walker? 119. I don't know. Big improvement 100. See, they like it already. That's a good head start. Was that line you had this morning before the show about hit it? What was it? Oh, if I remembered it, I sure is how it wouldn't say now. What do you mean both about Derek Hagen? Yeah. Being a ditto head. Yeah. Being or giving. Forgot what I said. Oh, no. You're improving 100. That's enough. Don't get Jewish now. Not really. The summer time. I still got a month to go with this crap. Won't change your thing. 69. Kim, a bulk camper is comma inducing 69. Oh, how true. I hate this pool 62. What does this have to do with Fidel 60? Yes. If he's not that, he sure looks close. It's OK. 50. What are they smoke it over there? 42. They just want some. It's going to be a disaster at 35. And what does this have to do with Israel? Oh, thank you. No. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 8. Yes. Hello. This is Deloise. There you know who. Robert Davis didn't hear. Andrew Mirage is a one two hour. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hey, man. Are you ever got to learn how to jazz? You can't use that, but you've got to get jazz. But it's stupid as for you, though. See, girl, look. Hey, man. Are you ever got to learn how to jazz? You can't use that, but you've got to get jazz. But it's stupid as for you, though. See, girl, look. And you might smooth these down. Hey, man. They want out there for their up to the ground. You don't want to have anything to do with you. Especially the way it's been about you. Now get to your crazy. You're making crazy. You have nothing to do with your dad. You can't like we probably can never got including a lot of drama. Like you can't keep me down. It's nice to see you like another P.X. I'm going to cry again when open right here. The voice is out of tune to which queen. Who would you believe me? Hey, man. I'm going to touch and see that after me. I'm going to touch and see that after me. You're not going to paint a few weeks in. I'm going to get you to your crazy. You're not going to cry again. You can't cry again. You can't touch the night. I'm going to cry again. Hey, Tommy. I'm so boring. Oh, bad. I'm so sorry. It's been a thousand four votes on a poll. I'm all right. We did it. We killed them. I'm so sorry. I keep over. I'm sorry. That was pretty profound. Yes, it was. Two by the most of the people out there. I'm worried about where that guy peed. We shouldn't have. So we're ready. You have to read it. Andrew Gumble and Donald McIntyre in the independent UK. Now that's it. The independent is my favorite newspaper. That's what you said. America's one-eyed view of war. Star strikes on the star of David. Says there were two sides to where we conflict unless you rely on the US media for information about the battle of Lebanon. Viewers have been fed a diet of partisan coverage which treats Israel as the good guys and their hisbola enemy as the incarnation of evil. They write if these were normal times, the American view of the conflict in Lebanon might look something like the street scenes that are electrified the suburbs of Detroit for the past four weeks. In Dearborn, home to the Ford Motor Company, also the highest concentration of Arab Americans in the country. Up to a thousand people are turned out day after day to a stress their outrage at the Israeli military campaign and more than a loss of civilian life in Lebanon. At one protest in late July, 15,000 people, almost half of the local Arab American population, short up in a sea of Lebanese flags along with anti-Israeli and anti-Bush slogans. A few miles to the north and the heavily Jewish suburb of Southfield, where I used to live by the way, the congregation Sherry Zinex synagogue is played host to passionate counter-protests in which the US and Israeli national anthems are played back to back and demonstrators of assertive that it is Israel's survival not lebed on that it's at stake here. Such as the normal exercise of free speech and an open society, one might think, but these are not normal times. The Detroit protests have been tinned with paranoia and just a viable fear on both sides. Several Jewish institutions in the area, including two community centers and several synagogues, have hired private security guards of response to an incident in Seattle in the July, and which a mentally unstable 30-year-old Muslim often wear Jewish Federation building and open fire killing one person in dream five others. On the era of American side, many of expressed reluctance to stand up and be counted among the protestors for fear of being tinned by association with his beloved, which is on the US-Listive terrorist organizations. As a result, the voices are during the protest tend to be the more extreme ones. They don't like to discuss their political views in any public forum, following the revelation a few months ago that the National Security Agency was wiretapping phone calls and email exchanges as part of the Bush administration so-called war on terror. They're even afraid to donate money to help the civilian victims of the war and Lebanon because of the intense scrutiny Islamic and Arab charities have been subjected to two-since the 9-11 attacks. The Bush administration has announced 40 charities worldwide as finance years of terrorism and arrested in the 40 dozen of people associated with them. Consequently, while Jewish charities such as the United Jewish communities are busy raising $300 million to help families affected by the Kutusha rockets raining down on northern Israel donations to the Lebanese victims have come in at no more than a trickle. Outside Detroit and the handful of other cities with sizable Arab-American populations, it's hard to detect that there are two sides to the conflict at all. The Dearborn protests have received almost no national attention, and when they have it's usually been to denounce the participants as extremists and apologists for terrorism, either because they've always supported for her as below, or because they've carried banners in which the star of David is at the center of the Israeli flag replaced by a swastika. The media, more generally, has left little doubt in the minds of a majority of American news consumers that the Israelis have the good guys, the agreed victims, while his allies in incarnation of the same evil responsible for bringing down the World Trade Center, a heartless and faceless organization whose destruction is so important, it can justify all the damage Israel was inflicting on Lebanon and civilians. The point is not that this viewpoint is necessarily wrong, the point, and this is what distinguishes the Western River of the Western country and its attitude to the conflict, is that it is presented as a foreground conclusion. Not only is there no next to no debate, but the debate itself is considered unnecessary and suspect. The 24-hour cable news stations, other words to Fenders, Rupert Murdoch's Fox News has had reporters running around Northern Israel chronically in every rocket attack, and every Israeli mobilization, but has shown little or no interest in anything happening on the other side of the world. It is a rarity on any of the cable channels to see any or are being tapped for an expert opinion on the conflict. A startling amount of airtime, while it is given a slice of Michael D. Evans and end of the world's biblical prophet, with no credentials in the complexities of Middle Eastern politics. He has shown up on MSNBC and Fox Under the label Middle East analyst, Fox is the fault analyst on this and many other issues has been the right wing provocateur in breastselling author and colder, whose main credentials to have opened a pine day after 9.11. The what America should do to the Middle East is invade their countries, killer leaders in convertible Christianity. Often the coverage has been hysterical and distasteful. In the days following the Israeli bombing of Congress, several pros and radio of a blogger started spreading a hoax story that has been a head engineer of the event or a stage manager by placing dead babies in the rubble for the purpose of misleading reporters. Oliver North, the Reagan era orchestrated the Iran Comfort affair, who is not a right wing TV and radio host, and Michelle Malkhan, a sharp tongue Bush administration cheerleader who runs her own weblog, appeared on Fox news to give credence to the hoax, before the Israeli army came forward to take responsibility and brought them at a police department. As the conflict is gone on, the media interpretation of it is only hardened. Essentially, the line touted by cable news host in their correspondence, closely adhered to the line adopted by the Bush administration and its neoconsupporters, is that his blouse part of a giant anti-Israelian anti-American terror network that also includes Tomas Al Qaeda, the government's a Syrian and Iran and the insurgents that Iraq. Little effort is made to distinguish between these groups or explain what their goals might be. The conflict is presented as a straight fight between good and evil, in which US interests in Israeli and twist intersect almost completely. Anyone who suggests otherwise is likely to be pound-stone and rift to shreds. When John Dingle, a democratic congressman from Michigan with a large air-american population in a constituency, gave an interview suggesting was wrong for the West to take size, instead of pushing for an end of violence, he was quickly and quickly accused of being a Hezbollah apologist. Newt Gingrich, the Republican former House Speaker, accused him of failing to draw any moral distinction between Hezbollah and Israel. Russia Limbaugh, the popular conservative talk show host Paube Induoment, as did the conservative newspaper The Washington Times. The Times will say to force a minute-acquoted Dingle out of context, and reprinted his full words, including, I condemn Hezbollah's as everyone else for the violence. The hysteria is extended to the realm of domestic politics, especially since this is a congressional election year, Republicans have sought to depict last week's primary defeated Democratic Senator Julie Wment of Connecticut, one of the loudest cheerleaders for the Iraq War. As some sort of wacko-exfamous anti-Semite anti-Israeli stand, the worst endermany under-mini national security, Vice President Dick Cheney said laborman's defeat would encourage y'all to hide at types, the thing they can break the world of the Americans. The fact that the man who beat Lee Wment, Nedel Amad, is an old-fashioned East Coast boss who was a registered Republican much of his life is something Mr. Cheney chose to overlook. Part of the Republican strategy this year through attack any media they need to extend or has the timidity to report facts to cover the official party line. Thus when word is was forced to withdraw a photograph of the rude underbomb barbond, because a lot of its stringers had docked the image to increase the black smoke, it was a chance to rip into the news agency over a suffrage to be even handed. And a typical article, Michelle Malk and the Nauts Riders is a new service that seems to have made its mark rubber stamping for his balafrop again, but she was not the only one to take that view, means being even liberal publications of echoed her line. Tim Rottenley, Los Angeles Times Liberal Media Critic, the Nazi of Semi-Anteas Rayleigh Tender of Most of the European and World Press in his most recent column. It's not just the US media which tilts in a pro-Israeli direction, Congress too is remarkably unified and it's support for the Israeli government, and politicians more generally understand that the criticize Israel is to risk jeopardizing their future careers. When Antonio Velgarroza, the up-and-coming Democratic mayor of Los Angeles was first invited to comment on the Middle East crisis, he sounded not so pro-Israeli that he was forced to apologize for local Muslim and Arab community leaders. There is far less public debate of Israeli policy in the US, in fact, than there is an Israel itself. This is less of a reflection of American Jewish opinion, which is more diverse than it's suggested in the media. Then it is a commentary on the power of pro-Israeli lobby groups like APEC. The American Israel Public Affairs Committee, which bank was pro-Israeli congressional candidates. That in turn is frustrating to liberal Jews like Michael Lernra, San Francisco, Rabbi, who has an anti-war community called Takoon. Rabbi Lernra has tried to argue for years that it is in Israel's best interest to reach a peaceful settlement, and denies and Arabs' terrors as counterproductive against Judaism. Lernra is probably right to assert that when he speaks for a large number of American Jews, only half of whom are affiliated with pro-Israeli lobby organizations. Certainly, dinner party conversation heavily Jewish cities like New York's suggests misgivings about Israel's strategic aims, even if there were some consensus that his block can not be allowed to strike with impunity. Few of any of those misgivings have entered the U.S. media. There's no major figure in American political life has been willing to raise the issue where the legitimate needs of the Palestinian people are even talk about them as human beings learners said. The organized Jewish community is transformed the image of Judaism into a chilling squad for the Israeli government, whatever its policies might be. That is just idolatry and goes against all the warnings in the Bible about giving too much power to the king or the state. Or even to. They will God. You're too old or lary king. I hope you're not going to hear your career. Such it is. Get over a thousand votes man. We've got a shot of close to 1100 don't you? I think so. 1118. We've got a shot. As Jimmy Johnson said, remember that? Yeah. So I was done. He calls pepper doing by the way. Josh. He got in a couple plays. You know, come on play. What do you mean by that? I think he's doing better than Ricky Williams did here. Hey Ricky. 1115 at 560W here. He must have got a little sports stuff in here though because you know we're on the wrong station for all the serious crap. We don't want to get too newsy. And tomorrow you want to be sure to get all your colors on it. Hey. The do-do-run run. Hey Stowby's continues to be South Florida's top cigar shop with one of the broadest inventories containing an amazing outstanding unbeatable selection of over a thousand open boxes of cigars, including a lot of names that you know and love like Prado-Mal. Ashton V.S.G. Arturo Fuente, Padrn, Maddo-Crister, Romeo and Juliet, and Madsmore, and Special Hard Defined and Obscursigars that you won't find it almost any other cigar shop. Buy your premium Stowby's for the price of seconds and stay a while and enjoy your smooth smoke. That's Stowby's Wine Lounge featuring Pierre Andre, a hundred percent peanut and a wire. Lots of other fine wines from all around the world. If I can't you to see on his last breath on his deathbed, there is a fiddle with a big fat Stowby from Stowby. Can you see that? I can see it. I'm sure. You'll find Stowby's at one 16-12 North Kendall Drive just to have my Easter Eggs at 20 off the turn. Pack open every day, seven days a week for your smoking dancing pleasure. Call today to receive your favorite cigars at Stowby's 305-598-9820. 305 has Joey Cardillon, by the way. 305-598-9820. Go for get to say hi to Mary on the girl Sandwood, Heather and get your free cigar when you stop in the Stowies. At one 16-12 North Kendall Drive, we sure and tell me old types, poker, and you're going to have a beer. This is Neil Roger. Now God, this is 516-18. Already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too. And now, the show, let's see antidote to those liberal meeting of distortions of our government. It's the West Texas Wing. Martin Dick, you wanted to see me, Mr. President. Yeah, we got to get more information on this big problem. Oh, you mean Hesbola. No, we're not tired. Oh, then you must be talking about the never ending war in Iraq. Huh, North Korea? No, something even bigger than that. Let's grab a little more you're talking about, Mr. President. Well, I didn't see I tell him, Lance Bass was homosexual. I always thought Justin was the gay one. Come back next time for a fair about some passions. He can serve in a view of our government in action, only on the West Texas Wing. Bye, bye, bye. 118. Hold on. Hold on. Scared me. Maybe we're spawning that the wrong way. I'm a good person. I think so. Well, you thought that was the out-to? Yeah, I was going to hit the finger here. But it comes to. He wasn't too good by that game. Bye, bye, bye. Keep you on the edge of your seat. Hey, well, listen to the last time I was on last Thursday. I got out of here 15 minutes ago. I mean, we could go through the workers of stairs, severed everything. They severed everything. They were up on the roof doing something and they, yeah. Oh my god, it's a shit. Dirt. Dirt. Yeah, they cut the connection for everything in the building. Oh, no, tell you. That's what I thought. Now, I have no idea knowing what time that happened. Was that when I was going into the break? Yeah, I was close to it. It was like at a quarter-till. Well, I'm not asking what time of day, but I'm just saying what part of that. I think I was going into a break. But I couldn't hear a damn thing. Right? And then the full rang. Right? Just like the full rang this morning. Yeah. That's one great thing about that place, man. Nothing other than nothing other than nothing. Well, everything. So long as we have that silly S regime of little boys, little sports boys. I'm sitting here for 50. I was talking to you because I came in actually early. Oh, did I have to stop? I just thought it was E. And, no, no. No, no. You were there because the program wasn't coming down. Yeah. Well, I was here ten minutes before you heard me before I made that call. Right. Because I was sitting around here to have a whole whole day. Oh, man. I'm doing hello on a sand and is anybody there? Are you out taking a doze? Well, what's going on with you? I'm flipping buttons on my mind and calling on that. First is because the QM sports nerds, they have to keep coming in there and poshking around. This was in the control room this time. Well, wherever it is, you have no business being pressed. You know, a position that had no business being changed, but nevertheless. Right. I think griefer done it. Probably. WDAV ejections deterred, this is from Smurking, Chambright's Joe and Dick in that 33%. Oh, sorry, Joe. Joe and Zany Cheney remarked that a recent GOP fundraiser that the violent fiasque within the Middle East was all the more reason for voters to keep the current leadership and DC villain tag on the Sovereign. The only thing more bizarre than his remark is the fact that about 33% of American voters feel the same way. You know the ones, the people Einstein was referring to when he said, insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results. You know, he had to hand it to old dead eyed Dick. Even in the face of man and criticism from both his enemies and the neo-conservative brigade, he stood vastly maintains the Tsunamu scene and been a lot more buddies, and that we're doing just marvi in Iraq. He's a very own Baghdad bot, ignoring these fosings in the distance, while telling us that everything is just fine. Oh, we're fine. Nearly a third of the country still cheers him on. This is also the same guy, by the way, who is telling us about the insurgent and its death row is a couple of years ago. Who the hell are these people? The 33% sure he can find them on the right wing forums or watch them blow the eating on television or hear them on the radio yet the next one possible to find on the street. For instance, at a rally for John Merthof, a few weeks ago, roughly 200 supporters came out to cheer for the congressmen. Meanwhile, across the street, we're perhaps a dozen of so people calling themselves veterans for truth, who had turned out to cheer the Marine veteran turn congressmen. Here was a handful of folks who probably had more flags and yellow ribbons on their vehicles than they had gas and a tank out to show John's town P.A. in the rest of us that supporting the troops only applies to those who served blindly without questioning the fact that they've been lied to. Obviously, they're like the swift vote vets for truth. These veterans are continuing the practice of confusing truth with smear. Just like that amazing 33% group, they don't see the reality of their shrinking numbers, and their little acts of public patriotism are just desperate examples of conservatives behaving badly. These are the people who applaud Rush Limbaugh as he moths those American families trapped in the middle of the war zone in Lebanon as they plead for help for help to escape. They also believe his spurious remarks that those who wanted to end the occupation in Iraq are celebrating the torture and beheading of two U.S. soldiers. These are the same people who snuggle up to Anne Coder as she sings them lullabies about firing swaths for newspaper editors, deportation of liberals, and carpet bombing of various countries. And how about those shivers of delight to get what Mike Weiner, aka Michael Savage, compares liberalism to AIDS, or to dropping bunker busters on the U.N. or how about according to Weiner, is our colleague was sort of a Jesus figure to those who opposed the war in Iraq. With a steady diet of such misinformation, hatred and intolerance, it's no wonder we have this national maliby and manifested in the 33%ors. And a country that is now known worldwide for illegal invasions, acts of torture, and spying on its own citizens. The 33% folks are still convinced that a stain on a certain blue dress is greater, constitutional crisis than anything we face today. So how does a country defeat a political situation that's so desperate that it threatens the future of a once-greating powerful nation? Well, the folks in Connecticut took a first step in that direction last week. The voters from that state send a message to DCville, and if they're representatives, we're going to keep supporting fear and deadly policy, then those representatives no longer deserve the speak for the majority. August 8th was a stark and unsettling exercise in democracy, and in the same of us all, it was met with ugly and unpaid theoretical marks from the White House and the guys of their media spokesperson's. The days immediately following Joe Lieberman's well-deserved defeat put the survey state of America's political affairs in the spotlight for the entire world of C. The vice president reached into his bag of campaign tracer mole four, and proclaimed that the results from the Connecticut primary would encourage al-Qaeda types. He also ended that it showed that dangerous effects of extreme has taken over the Democratic Party. R&C Chairman Ken Melmens stated that the Connecticut primary results reflected an unfortunate embrace of isolationism, defeatism and blame America first attitude by national Democratic leaders of time when retreating from the world is especially dangerous. The arrogance of leaders who spent six years telling the world to blow off while accusing unapproving leaders of isolationism is so naked in the sawdacity that it boggles the mind, but that's not the real kick or not by a long shot. All the while that the Bush administration was blasting away folks who are voting the wrong way and in monitoring Democrats in general for being weak in the war on terror, the Bush gang was sitting on important information for four days. This information conferred the threat to airliners and Britain into American passengers on route back to this country. According to intelligence reports terrorist were playing the smuggle explosive liquids on board airliners headed back to the states. The resulting detonations would allegedly produce an event that would dwarf the devastation we witnessed on 11. And the Bush gang never said a word, never quietly stepped up security until four days after they knew. Not until they could politicize the security threats of their benefit again. But the 33% are still can't see it, even though I can still get on a plane with a pair of scissors, a book of matches and a screwdriver, that fan was lifted quite a while ago. The fact that I won't have any water, toothpaste or deodorant on the plane is a good reason to feel safe, knowing that you're a gene company around the job. Personally, I think I'd be more of a threat to my fellow passengers without the ladder items, but oh well. Long quicker side about all this if security officials are worried about all those explosive liquids in the consequences should maybe come next. Why am I seeing all those compass-gated unems at the airport being thrown half-hazardly in the same trash bin, just wandering? Anyway, so his where America stands or barely stands, according to those who lead us, we have the freedom to exercise our right to vote, as long as we vote for someone who will continue to enable them. If we don't, then we're accused of waving the white flag and declaring Bin Laden's birthday is an national holiday. We have leaders in power, claim that the Republican Party is the only one that will keep us safe from attack. Even though the state of the government has stopped realizing the tools of international acts of terrorism, something about the number being sky-high since Bush took over. Our leaders will certainly alert us if there be any threats to our security here at home, unless it will be politically advantageous to them. In my opinion, our leaders are 33% or minus of the American soldiers dying every day in Iraq and Afghanistan to protect our freedoms. The same gang would happily take away our restrict those freedoms, and what happened in Britain is just one good reason why, by Gali. Of course, the fact that it was British and Pakistani intelligence that toward a religious threat and not the result of Bush and companies anti-terrorist network need that not be pointed out by anyone. The fact is, the polls, the talk on the street and other results in Connecticut proved that the majority of Americans are waking up and our man is hell. We're sick of that being led by those who can offer nothing except fear itself. We're tired of those who claim to represent us as the opposition, while continuing to support the same mistakes made over and over and over again. That's second we can all just show just how many voters have become and just how low and un-American the Republican leadership is. I have a feeling next 12 weeks are going to get really nasty. That is nasty. That's Bush and Cheney. Nasty. We got 1,030 votes. We got a shot for 1,050. Let's not push it too hard, are they okay? Who the hell is going to listen to us today anyway? That's one hour short almost. I mean, you know, Keith Oldman has been bashing Bush for a long time. But the fact that the NBC actually has been a front and coming out and talking about the fact that it was the Bush administration that pushed the UK to like the cover on this whole. Before they were ready. And then overman comes on last night and does that fabulous stuff. Everybody out there even though if you heard us play it before, that's 12 minute clip documenting all the series of so-called terror alerts. You want to see the video anyway because they flashback the new stories of the day. You can see the story from this movie and duct tape. That was a duct tape sound that we heard there. My heart kind of skipped a beat during that story. Oh, yes. What's the part sound? No, no. Maybe it was a duct tape fart. Don't say that. Back, you know, something you just came up by accident with a great eye. I know what you're thinking. Your roast would be a static man. We could just take duct tape everybody's. So we won't be any more far. Oh, that's not the idea that I had. Oh, I'm going to go get a roll of duct tape and record it. I don't think so. Okay. You can call me as a witness, but I'll be looking at the time. 28 after one at five, 60, WMAA going back to school. It can be a little bit more for the kids in a good night's sleep. It's critical for the development of healthy minds. If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bedtime, it may simply be there on a crappy old mattress time to replace it, man. Call the alamacris make that one easy call at 1,800 mattress like I've been doing for years. And they do it all for you. They come and take away the crappy smelling as you old betting. They set up the brand new one for you. Alamacris can recommend a mattress for kids of any age. Have a new bed delivered the date and time you choose seven days a week from eight in the AM till 10 PM. Just give the alamacris to our window when it's convenient for you or the kids or whoever is going to be sleeping on it and but like magic, they show up on time every time. They can even deliver your mattress to same day that you call. So call 1-800 mattress right now and get the absolute best selection of the top names in the mattress business. See these sort of Simmons King Quill temper peed again even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Check for low prices online at macros.com or just sit there on your fat ass. Save a lot of gas time and sweat to make that one easy call. Easiest piece of shopping you can ever do. Call the alamacris 1-800 mattress. MATTR ESLYWALTH the last ass because it stands for. Do I say ass again? It stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. The fastest. Face Neil Roger. Back home. This is 5.16. Facing your on QAM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. So national guard in Iraq? Not the national guard. No. Hello. Dad! I'm Henneain I'm Henne It's a feeling that we all have in our gut. Everybody knows, now is not. Where they take you to the station, does you pray? And you would think that you would be in prison time. It's true, you have a day to sleep it off. Then you act like they will you join from. There is a reason that we can kill the past. And if the father knows, there is no. We know you blame it on the alcohol, but that is really nice to use to know. And all of us, you find his brother, I am coming from the direct people, and I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. 134.26 still 25.6. You have to kill him. Look at that. 2.235. Where are we now? I am not. I am not. What is the deal tomorrow? I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. How can these people still be in the office? That is the amazing question. Randy Schultz in the Palm Beach Post. He actually writes good stuff. This is the second column he wrote. He had to be tickled. He should think. We are in a high price show like this. Randy Schultz says when all else fails the GOP-1911. It is an even number of year and we are getting your labor day. So what is predictable? At the Bush administration in Republicans but exploit the full terrorism plot in the United Kingdom to save their political hides. The campaign began Wednesday. They after Senator Julie were lost in Democratic primary candidate. Knowing of the upcoming arrest in Britain, Vice President Dick Cheney began the Demer Gagory. He accused Democrats of wishing for a return of the sort of pre-911 mindset in terms of how we deal with the world we live in. I am Thursday the Republican leadership in the House began to begin calling Democrats the FETO-CREATS who want to stand aside in the global war on terror. The FETO-CREATS. Here is the Bush GOP logic to use the term loosely. Senator Lieberman embraced the White House's Iraq strategy to use the term loosely. Iraq-Waste of Bush says is the central front of the war on terror. So a Democrats reject the supporter of the war, the party is soft on terror. It is bulk of course but Iraq 911 worked in 2002 when Republicans gained control of the Senate and 2004 when Bush was reelected. Alleged. This year especially its all-the-GEOP has. The president's full numbers can't break 40 percent, ratings for coverage in general and Republicans in particular are in the dump or unless compared to political conditions in 1994 when 52 seats shifted in the House and Republicans took control. If you are a Republican, you are scared to try to scale the country. For five years, President Bush and his party, you try to convince Americans that they know better than Democrats, how to protect the country in secret range for 911, if that's the case, why did I make the Bush able some of in London March 2002? I'm truly not that concerned about him. Why did Mr. Bush shift the focus from Al Qaeda which carried out 911 to Sodom who was saying he wasn't involved in 911? The problem with Democrats is not that they've been timid about fighting terrorism. The problem with Democrats is they've been timid about confronting President Bush on fighting terrorism. And October 2002 he intimidated them so much that the debate over the Iraq resolution was anything but Bob Graham then forward a senior senator was one of the few to object but he didn't do so as a CCP on terrorism. Senator Graham voted no because this resolution is too timid he said. It's too limited too weak. This resolution fails to recognize the new reality of the error of terrorism that war abroad will without a service security action increased the prospects of terrorist attack shiver at home. In fact, the war in Iraq alone leaves Americans more vulnerable to threat that is facing us today. Those international terrorist organizations that have the capability to inflict the ponderously repeat of the tragedy of 911. That's what Bob Graham said. As we saw last week, nobody in Iraq was behind the airline plot in Britain's suspicion went right throughout Qaeda and to what might be small about Qaeda copycats in one of these. In the end, the US has been a total of 35,000 American troops remain in Iraq and a cost of 2600 lives in 300 billion dollars in rising trying to stop Shiites from killing Sunnis. Republicans in the House we heard of Democrats is the cut-and-run caucus. Mr. Chinese says that to withdraw from Iraq would be seen as a sign of weakness that would involve them in the terrorist. President Bush said it's a mistake to believe that there's no threat to the US. Let's take those in reverse order. No credible politician from either major party believes that terrorism is no longer a threat but a word or something is especially after last week. Mr. Bush's decision to invade Iraq has left the country weaker and not stronger. The army is stretched in drain. The real terrorism threats Iran has volon North Korea have grown stronger because we've been distracted by the mistaken decision to start a war in Iraq. Among the cut-and-run caucuses retired Lieutenant General William Olderm director of the National Security Agency on Iran-Rawal Reagan. He wrote in the May-Dune issue of foreign policy magazine that getting out now may be our only chance to set things right in Iraq. President Bush's half-right Iraq is the central front but in the world politics not the one the war of terrorism. Very good. Pretty good article by Randy Shotsin the Pond-Beeze Pro-Styse-Gone Randy. Randy? Wow! How long Randy, I'm sorry. 19 till 2 a QAN. This is a meal Roger's. This is 516 2A6. He's a fat man. He's a fat man. He's a fat man. I'm still going to do this thing. I must have kept him away. There's I can be with you like you didn't know. I just didn't make your screen but I'm not supposed to be with you like just in Timberlake. I think you so high. Don't want to live a creepy night. I want to say don't even pretend that I'm nice. I am gay gay gay gay gay. I'm gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay. Okay, 147 Lance is making the use to make the girls cry and I'm going to make the voice screen. Or something like that. For the ice cream. Do you? Anyway, for ice cream, the human government released seven new pictures of a del Castro yesterday. All of them showing the human leader can find to bed during his birthday. Visit from Venezuela and President Hugo Sav. Given the careful cultivation of castes, image during his 47 year domination of Cuba, the pictures could be interpreted as further evidence. See, one thing that a lot of these, well, you know it already. A lot of the wishful thinking crowd in South Florida don't understand that 47 years is a very long time and that when people lived under a system and under a leader for a very long and that's the only thing that they know. Right. See what I'm saying? I do. I know. I'm not an awful. And anyway, the pictures could be interpreted according to the Harold as further evidence that humans quickly all and could suggest that he may not have had the strength someday to even sit in a chair in a chair. Castro turned 80 on Sunday. Well, unhappy birthday to his ass. How do you like that? He was hospitalized in late July and by the meatfoot of the boot put about several photos taken earlier and released Sunday also showed an apparently fatigued Castro sitting in the chair. Also on Sunday, the statement released in Castro named strongly hinted that his condition remains serious and his prognosis could be grim. Remember, Bob Grimm pitched for the Yankees won 20 games. I think in 1954, 20 and six in his refiere. But he is raised by the way shot and killed a five hisbola. I just thought I mentioned that. Well, good for them. Yeah. Yeah. He has ball. I didn't fire them but they came that they gave my medicine. Look. I said, look. That is the medicine. Give our cooks and take a look at that look. The statement, uh, see, they're only two parts of duty isn't the I embrace. What is the Yiddish which is very amusing. I'm probably the funniest language in the world. Number two is dietary. I mean, who could pass up a nice boy, a nice play to Kishka, right? Right. A nice boy to multiple soup or of course at, uh, just at one day year at the form. There's delicious home and touch. Topied seeds, please. Other than that, it's all the same crap. You know, just pick your, pick your brand of poison. You're religion is not there. Oh, but it's the spiritual side of life, New York. Yeah. Right. Pala crap. Here's one of my favorite stories of all time. Do you want to heck of a job, Browning? No, no, that article I read about the 33% from the, got the Palm Beach post. That's, that's something that I perfectly, because the fact that this guy, has still got a 33% approval rating, has got to be, uh, shocking, astonishing. If we were 3% it would be, you know, then then you'd feel better about life. Yeah, well, that's the face. Oh, right. You're not going to shake their face. How about shaking their booty? Or that either. Oh, my God. But every single thing that this government has done for these, and beside the only thing that they do well is steal elections. They do a fabulous job on that. And this is the story about Katrina. Heck of a job, Browning. And then Browning turns around and does that interview and just rips him an ass. I love that. That was, that was poetic, just as beautiful. That's what they get. That is correct. Female will replace locks on as many as 118,000 trailers used by Gulf Coast Hurricane victims have discovering the same key could open many of the mobile homes, which is always good because if you go out and get bombed, you know, right, like Doug Josh or like Mel Gibson and your stagger home, and maybe you're not in the right mobile home, but at least at least you keep open the door. Okay, what's the big deal? That's only a problem if all the trailers look the same. Right. Oh, sorry. That's all the trailer trash looks the same. Yeah, that's it. It's a perfect tractor cut only 50 different kinds of keys for the trailers, and sold a FEMA that means in a worst case scenario run key. Uh huh, key could be used to unlock up to attend mobile homes in a park of 500 trailers. Well, that's only one out of a, 50. Oh, yeah. What's the big deal? Yeah, what's the big semester with that? Oh, I don't like carrots. Amiss. And I do look the Tadec and Luxium Cobble and Clup Schull. Mmm. Team officials said such a situation was unlikely but they still move to one evacuees, living in Louisiana and Mississippi trailer first of the security risk. Another great example of your tax dollars hard at work. Just like all those billions of tax dollars used to be killed all those Iraqi-payment-and-the-ass bystanders and all those poor lesbines who got in a way there in Lesbinaud. That'll teach them. That's right to support that his belong or attack Israel. We are, that's right, the Lesbine should never attack. We are working aggressively to establish the extended the problem and determine the best solution for the safety of those who now reside in these trailer units. Said Gil James, a deputy director of Gulf Coast recovery for FEMA, he said, FEMA was asking residents to be extra vigilant and take precautions to secure the trailer that they occupy. I said, growing a lever once said, nice trailer. Don't you love that scene? I was a great scene. Not a stand in the head shop, but you know, still. Don't you think you're pardon? Not as good as the scene in the head shop. No, no, I'm not comparing. Right. I like, well, I've heard for different reasons. That's right. We viewed these things through a different set of eyes. But still, yeah. I like the scene in the end. Even though it's corny, people say, oh, gee, all of a sudden, like everybody's happy ending. Well, not everything has to end like unhappy. You know, right. And it was not that happy anyway. We don't know who was going to do it. It was fine. I gave you some hope. No, that's right. Let's have a little bit of hope with all the other crap going on. The world has a good movie. Imagine every heroes. Even Josh liked it, which are surprising considering that gay element. Did you just, I mean, that wasn't like an old boy. No, no, no. No. Well, you probably not too happy about that. But just remember, he liked gay. You are. It figures. What a line. You're in figures. What does that mean? I mean, it's like, it's a big, it's a big, it's funny. Okay, yeah. Well, and of course, who of the two of them who looked by far the switchy girl, okay, oh yeah, and there's no doubt. This is a value in much boy. What? It's a thousand, a thousand, 71 hosts on a poll. We're going to come close to 100 in a day. And of course, this is like, you know, and everybody's hiding out of the bed. It's not too bad. This is New Roger. This is 5. 16. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I. People all over the world are losing their damn. So that's it. I get my fellow lowly express. And many bombs are broken. But he has all the virus. We got winners. We got bombers. Bording. Bording. Compractors and markers. We got profits. I guess prices. They're going up by six cents. Improvised explosive devices. Oh, we were all just does not get what it's all for. Of course, you know, this is what we want. Oh, I love this. There's trouble from Roughmax who fight with our fists. No, house caliber. Money money money money. We're going to use fire crazy or something. We're more bombs than we have now. We got average. We got voters. You think people will vote for me? But here's all two angry. All of these. Everybody else will be dead and poor. But if money attaches robins of dynama Sensea said. No. Not myBice. I don't want your show. I'm PPVide. Mister sticky. Pop, C drureo. Ma Leon. 38. You Ferry!