All right, the hammer's off the hot springs Arkansas to do a little horse racing for ESPN tomorrow. We'll have a surprise mystery guest host who didn't for that. Because we don't know who's going to be on. It's a surprise. Yeah, everyone I believe we're going to be doing it. You have traffic on the neines. We have the Mars today, so you have a short chance and guilty tapes. That'll be fun, especially for Passover. US Supreme Court building is being evacuated. There's smoke. No, no one's smoking. Then we got a new pope. We had a few college escorting college and tell us that radio stations were were reporting that or some of it a lot and was captured. Yeah. Of the Spanish radio stations around. I see. Well, guess what? No, that's our educated audience. Right. So we get the Mars today. It's your educated audience. So we're not going to be an RP. Let's hear a sports nurse. Thanks a lot, Hank, for a portion we just said. Well, it's fun. It's a little different already. A little Pat Riley. More than the hour. Yeah, why not? It's a matter of you on the outs with your boyfriend now. He's suited for you on for the hour. I don't ever doubtly, I'm AAA. I'm not ready for prontime. No, AAA. I'll bet. Well, that's my shirt size. Exactly. There you go. But listen, say goodbye. I don't do crossovers with a fat punk, so OK. Go find a good machine, man. Alright. You'll probably knock in the onions like that. They might be back on year someday with some money. Alright you've time to set a clock you can play sucks. The music is a piece of it. I don't think so. You said that. And you not reflect those of the busy broadcast group. It's staffs, advertisers for agencies. Or great. So there's some very good music in your mind. Happy Christmas by the way. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Who the hell are the farmers? Okay, the homes were made for stars. Science,ology, and power. That should not allow to make a sound. Even if your girl bought him the flowers. And you can have it left after all for the day. You must stay. They have a room, a sign of the day. Even though the pain is extremely good. And you want to tell a story. Hell run over, says to shot you, yeah. If you ask me that's a love crowd. It's like driving a traffic traffic or a dog eat or... What a joy. It's still there. For so long. Because of this shit that you're me. You're one of the swear like George Carlin. You wish you could use the stabbing words. You'll feel like they're causing you with us. And there is nothing. You will be alive today. So try to stay. There's a stupid fool. 10, 4, 5, 60, WCM. Happy Thursday to April 13. It's a lucky day for us and it's an unlucky day for the Marlins. Well, it's a lucky day for the Marlins. It's going to be a lot of those. Now the Marlins are going to be lucky day for the Marlins because they can't lose. On the one side they played a Marl. Like I said, it's an unlucky day. I thought they had the day off tomorrow. What was silly me? One of those Friday through a Sunday series. We watched the nationals, and they might be able to beat them. We thought that about the Padre's too. And guess what? They've been getting relaxed. 8,994 of the announced crowd. I have it on very good authority. There was maybe 4,500 people actually asked us in the seat against it. But they announced 8,994 yesterday. Another thing was to look at it for a seven in their red hot. Wait until you see the crowd that's here today. Giving you new meaning of the word crowd. So we're on the 1230 again today. And what do we got after the volume? Look at that. At four o'clock, we're going to have a game ends. And boy, how'd you like to follow the Marlins this season? You think we had a bad lead in this morning with those butchered up tapes? We have no idea who's going to be on the Marl morning. The brain trust is working on that feverishly now. They're working on it. Tomorrow after the Marlin, the wait a minute. I'm not going to let's today. Oh geez. Today after the game we got mad dog at the sofa. Kings. Yeah? Don't leave it long enough space in here. That was good. It was pretty good. Mad dog from after the game till 7th. So far. Kings. Then we got pants. There's people with seven pants. There's that auto one night. 730. Absolutely meaningless game for the Panthers. And that every cave follows that. So that's that's our lineup. We got baseball. We got hockey. We got a lot of other stuff. Nobody cares about it. Guess who died by the way. Very bad news. Uh oh. We probably don't even know who you know. The point of your sisters. Yeah. I read it. I read it. Did you? Yeah. Well, I'm what do I have to bother with this then. June. The youngest of the singing point is just known for the 70s and 80s. It's I'm so excited to fire and slow hand. Oh, we can't say slow hand. Oh, God. No. Has died. The point of family says, June is 52. That a cancer yesterday. They said a monarchy or two day. Santa monarchy University of California, LA medical centers. You've been hospitalized since late February. The cancer has been disclosed. Family says she died in the arms of her sisters Ruth and an evening her brothers Aaron and Fritz by her side. Although her sister body was unable to be threatened. She was with her and spirit. It said. Don't you love that. She was with her. Yeah. My favorite. It's almost as good as oh, well, he's up there in the sky. Lookin down right now and. Or like these did. Especially in football. They do it too. But baseball a lot. Guy hits home run and he's as he surfing the bases. He points up to the sky. And I like like your buddy there. Very bonds with doing. He really does it right before he hits the plate. Right. You know, he's pointing up there because Bobby bonds is up there in the sky. Rolling actually Bobby's rolling over in his grave. But all the roads. Fans have been expressing their shocking sorrow and a tribute set on the web. You're music touched my life at a profound manner. Ross would have Oklahoma City which really means. I have no life. Right. I mean the predecessor touched his life. And they made some. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Come see cumsa. The groups had also included he's so shy. Automatic and jump. The sisters along with the two of the brothers grew up singing in the choir of an Oakland church where their parents were ministers. All right. Okay. Prior to a June 40's dead. 52. I'm sure most people are saying, who's that? Okay. We'll just move on. We only got 122 minutes left. I'm counting. We love the marlins. Especially when they play these day games. Maybe 1230 is the pregame. More or 5. Come on. Go out there and support the team. More and not as the case may be. Get David Samson all with up to a frenzy. Make him think that you really care even though you don't. And we're going to have like another big bash out there was that just opening day. I can't believe all the people who showed up there according to reports. It was more than I expected. People that have a work on this radio station in years were there. Hopping up the free food snoring around. Oh, that's really sad. Especially some of the name is really embarrassing. Here's the purpose of the day. You've been pleased to know that we didn't have our 1000 votes by 2 o'clock. And I thought I'd check it. I was busy sitting at my machine by that time. We had 1366. So obviously by 2 o'clock, there were over 1000 votes. Seeing risk easy now. Now that your good buddy Joe Carabel was in there shaking your hand and rubbing you on your bald spot. That's good. Nice going Joe. You're doing it, man. Yes, yes. Yeah. Who is that? Don't start sucking around. Now you're so shameless. Well, no, no, no, no. He's a bit nervous. He's so finely after after we threatened him with murder practically. They're finally going to start addressing some of these issues. You talk about slow and ponderous man. Even a snail is fast compared to these guys. Who is the weakest link on WQAM we asked? 1366. Lenny Martes wins 324. 324 votes. You got about one thing. There's only one. Lenny Martes. Whatever your drive in the East budget has a vehicle to use. Yeah, exactly. Only one. The pro 285. Now let's see. We got a volume. We got no pros. You're going to be out there and get the impact that you asked me killed before he left. So he sees a long truck problem. You're those in Western NL cities and T-shirts. You're going to be available again because there was a tremendous run on the Mouture at the ballpark yesterday. We sold. Oh, nothing. Well, maybe we'll leave them out there. Whatever the pros out there. Yeah, that's a good idea. Or we just leave them out there. You know, for you to grab. You don't have to pay for them. Just leave them. Just leave a pile of that crap. They still won't take them. Coach 85 in third with a very nice third play showing. Y'all be 27. George little bit worse. I mean, better than we thought he would. George 194 was a strong fourth. Kimbobokam for 112. The wooden man. Pankei D3. The big. Oh. 59. Curtis only had 37. Out of 1366 votes. In fact, I mentioned that to your program director last night during our Com. Com. Is that right? Yeah. Everybody likes Curtis. That's why they don't put him on here. By the way, we hate Curtis. We think he's terrible on here. See if we keep saying that. They'll put him on. No, I told you. Your name's said that. I told him. I said if I kept saying we hated him. He was too young and had a bad voice. Then they would put him on. So he's too young. We hate him. Any K had only 25. Nobody don't like it. And of course, he's got kind of a small select group of degenerate gambling on his. And the mad dog as expected. Oh, right. Dead last with the late 20. So many. And I think most of those came from across the street. And I fooled us for a second. Now today's pool. See, I had to go back into the archives that we did this last time a long time ago though. Do you think I had to read all the names on here that should take us to a ball game time? Oh, yeah. Why not? Well, I can't, but I can't do it often. WDQAM Crankline. Hello. How are you? How are you? I'm fine. How are you? Who is your favorite all-time TV celebrity? Four hundred ninety-one votes. Johnny Carson, 69. How do you like that? Jerry signed filled 43. But that sure leaves me lint those first two. Johnny Carson, I never thought was even the least good funny. And Jerry signed filled. Man, what a walking billboard for anti-semitism. He was like a male nanny, like for angression. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just dripping with New York Jewishness of noxious. Jerry and not funny either. Jerry signed 43. Jackie Greason 42. Now we can agree on that. He was pretty good. Yeah. Bill Shattner 31. Carol O'Connor's got a third man. David Letterman 29. Oh, how's that? Phil Hartman 21. Lucille Ball, I love Lucely 19. James Garner 18. What does that horrible show he's on? Not Matt Locke. One of those. You even know who that is, dude. Not by name. If I said, I would know James Garner from Earl Nandes, Earl Nandes Garner, whatever's name was. Barbara Eden 13, Steve Allen 12. Elizabeth Montgomery 11, Bob Newhart 11. But when I guess you're with this list, I'm not going to read this off. And you better go online and take a puke at it. Andy Griffith 10, Carol Burnett 10. Howard Co. Selenine. Okay. I don't know how that he really fits in there. But I, whatever we got the first time we did this years ago. Okay. Sherman Hemmese that's George Jefferson 9. Who by the way is gay. Allen Alde, do you know that? I did not know. Well, now you do. See what you're doing on the show? That's great. Allen Alde 9. Paul Lynn 8. What do you do that he was gay? See what I'll tie to get right. Bill Cosby 7. Ferris Fossett 6. What does that mean? Well, the was she on a show? Was she on Charlie Zangels? Yes. Oprah Winfrey 6, Michael T. Fox 6, Milton Burrell. spelled, oh, how you spelled this? You couldn't go working on the show when we did this. Because you couldn't be that dumb. B-U-R-L-E-S-B-E-R-L-A. All Eric, please come to our rescue. We've got Milton Burrell with a youth. Six Jack 26. We've dumped all the Jewish comedians together. We just filled in five. Tell us about us force and see her for. Only co-vax for. Bob Barker for Dick Van Dyke for. They're like those Dykes. We made your three Susan V-3 from the Parker family. Well, he's looked lately like she just had a crappy out of her. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe she didn't have the crappy out of her. You know what I mean? She always looks like she's been just beaten in. Like a black eye, if I can go? Yeah, exactly. Bob Barker for, let's see, defend Dyke for Alfred Hitchcock. Three, really, majors, three, STEM majors didn't get any. Jack Lord 3, Edwin 3, Jack Part 2, Phil Van Hieu 2, Bill Lobisby 2, Raymond Burr 2, Speaking of gay. Henry Winkler 2, Speaking of gay. G-Rabor and 2, William Conrad, one cannon. Come on. Florence Henderson, one J-Leno, one. These sucks. Ron Howard 1, Tony Dowon from Leave It in Beaver. Murray Talimore 1, David Cassidy, look at all these people who have any. David Cassidy, Richard Boone, Ed Solomon, buddy, Epson, Michael Andon, Larry Hagman, Dick Clark, Bill Colon, Peter Graves, Arthur Godfrey and Lauren Green. Lauren also spelled wrong. All who got the big. Five, seventeen. See what I mean by a prodigious list. It's a long list of very lengthy poll. Which you can add to by the way, because I'm sure that since we took that poll 100 years ago, there's probably all kinds of great news celebrities that you like a lot. Like whoever the actor is a place same on a supernatural example. I'm sure it sleeps with his brother and I'll see it a lot of both. Yeah. Ten fourteen and Q-A-M. This. The mean. The first one. This. Five, sixteen, two, eight. And the. Violence with it. Violence with it. I'll give you another beer. I know thing three. Who's got me? David. Hey Elmo. I don't just think you've had enough to drink. I don't even drink. I don't even drink. Careful with that blender. Whoa. Elmo visits the doctor. I just see some of my hands. I don't even drink. And all start out for that. I am terminated for like. It's each is for a whole. Like this. I don't know. Well, later away, Johnny Carson's pulled away from the pack from Jack Eglison. And Jerry Sunfield and Buffalo Bob and all these people. Well, you knew that. You know, the people love him. You know, I never see a show. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't know what's funny. You thought that was funny. I really, I didn't dislike him. I just didn't think he was. Great. Exactly. Exactly. He never stole a freight train. I mean, he was, you know, boring. But, uh, yes, that's it. I guess these people I had a very limited television experience. Goes to show you what they, what they've seen. But what did you vote for? I voted for Steve Allen. Okay. Even though he became seen Allen grumpy and real crummaging his later year. He had to funny and show, however. In fact, he was the first, one of the not the first, but the second tonight show host and had a much better show than Johnny Carson. So did Jack par. But nevertheless, Steve Allen was great. He had that Sunday night show, obviously, Ed Solomon. He didn't have to go for Gigi or the advancing, whatever. Didn't have Elvis. I saw the thing about Elvis. I couldn't turn it off. I was on Bravo a couple nights ago. And I don't really care about Elvis. Something the fact we decided as music was pretty marginal. But boy, it was pretty scary. Turtle Parker Man, they should have liked their kill. That's vaster. He's dead anyway. Five, six, seven. It's the over is and under is on the marlins today. It's our poll question on a year. How many games will the marlins win this season? My guess is. It's not turned man. Right. They definitely going to lose over 100 games. Is it ready to out about that? I would say that right around there. What is the record? Is it like 115 for losses? I don't know exactly. I'm sure it's about 120. 120 all time. I'll look it up. Get out of here. Because you're forgetting that it used to be 150 for game schedule. It's only in this new era that we're going to 162. I don't remember what year they did that. But it used to be 154. Maybe the mess. I think 120 is a little bit much. I mean, that would mean the only one like 42 games. They already won one. And on 12 can pitch like every fourth of his games. So there's like, you know, he's probably going to win like 15. So there's 16 right there because he didn't win any of his starts yet. That's 16. Anybody else can win for him? No. Probably not. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We know you people are going to be out there today. We love the marlins. Because like David Sensen says, we're going to start packing up our salami sandwiches and getting out of here. If you people don't show up, how dare you not show up in support our team and build this head stadium? How dare you? Tell me to give you a hand. Hello. Not there. Who's your line? WQAM line 9. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I listened to this show for like 15 years. He has a best show on the planet. It's a pleasure to finally talk to you. Two things. You mentioned something about shaky pizza yesterday. Yeah. I haven't had that in years. Where was that? That's because they're out of business. I had that. There was one initiative that we used to go to. And it was always an old lady playing a piano for a dollar. She played it song. But they had that because you ever get the modules that they had in there? The one? They have modules. A little potato slices. No, never heard of it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? What was one initiative? Like is there a city connector? There was a one in Kalamazoo. Kalamazoo? Yeah. It was right up by market and not market. But that's an album, if you can. Oh, god. I don't want to talk about the way of there. That's what's going on. Hey, here we see the movie. Forget it. I can't remember. No, can't see it. Five six seven. Oh, five six. He's having a little shaky to me. And Paul has shaky. He's was good. It was a different. The texture of the crust was entirely different. We're like a different product. It wasn't like your traditional piece like he had most piece of piece of joints. But the crust is pretty much standard, you know. Yeah. But it was a different kind of like green. I don't know what you would call it. It's just different. That's one of the reasons that Godfather is so good too. Because it's a different product. It's a Godfather. It's like in between your traditional pizza and. And the Chicago deep dish. It's like halfway in between. You're going to go eat. Yeah, you've had Godfather's. Yeah. And we have some bread in it where you're not there yet. No, I was there. And I also had the Chicago pizza. Yeah. Which is like not even a pizza. No, it's just a huge pile of stuff. Meat and cheese. Yeah. It's from Bully. And right. More like a stromboli. I wonder if that's kosher for a pace-off. The stromboli. WQAN. I'm pretty sure you're kind of a wealthy guy or you're well off. Right? Business man. Why is this man? Why the hell would they buy the marlins? If they knew they were losing money the entire time. And then now. What? Why would who buy the marlins? What does that mean? Well, lower your bought the marlins or took over the marlins a couple years ago. And they knew there was a problem with funding. But the deal. That's right. He made a look. Here's what it pulls down to. John Henry did the same thing. He made a bad deal with Wayne and then he cried to the public. And Jeffrey Lorry did the same thing. He made a bad deal with Wayne. He knew he was going to be able to make it. Because they all assume that the public is going to build aé™„ Stadium. So they come with their hat in their hand. Oh, please. If you want to stay, please give us your money and the public is Get out of here. I mean, I don't know if family sympathy for them. They knew that Wayne is a grave robber. It was going to stiff them. And then whatever happened with that deal where he was going to Give them the land there. You know, and they're going to build another stadium next to the P.P. park. And that would make sense. They would make too much sense. I can Kansas City and over. They have the baseball stadium in the arrowhead stadium side by each. I've given him right to there. Well, if I remember correctly, they turned that down. Didn't they? Yeah, they said, ah, you mama, you know, because they were still You know, benefiting Wayne in some way. No, if I remember correctly. See, actually Wayne is the one that on you people ought to hate like poison because he's the evil doer. See, in the beginning, he acted like he was the sports sandy claws. Oh, I brought you majorly baseball. I brought you hockey. And I bought the dolphins. And I bought the stadium and screwed over the Insane's the name group. Companies out of business now. But anyway, all of these things he did. And then everything he touched turned a crap. And he had the minus touch of reverse. Every franchise he managed to turn it. You know, he took World Series the first one and turned all the good will instantly in a bad will. Well, I'm not in it for the fans. I'm in it for the money. And then, remember Kevin Brown, man. A couple other players. They offered to stay for Mark's reduced salaries to try to Keep the cohesiveness at the first World Series team. And no, no, thanks. No, because he wanted to have a fire show. He wanted to do the same thing with the Marlon's. And he did with the Panthers. That's what these rich bastards do. Oh, you better build me in arena or stadium. Or I'm going to pack up. We're going to move. Go, go buy. You know, like if the Panthers was in a lot of what it left. I mean, so it wouldn't be, you know, whatever that place is called now. The Intercentor. Thank you, landed. They've always changed that name about six times. That wouldn't be there. And would have to be such a bad idea. Not that they're going to charge you to walk onto their property. Starting, I can't believe they didn't retract that. They didn't change your mind on that. And they're not going. There has got to be the most bogus idea. That you don't tell me like if you own a restaurant. And you had a parking lot in front of the restaurant. And you said, if you walk out of our parking lot, we're going to charge you five bucks. Even if you don't come in by any food, we're going to charge you five bucks just for walking out of our property. Yeah. And that's basically what they're saying. Grave robbers. And most people, you know, that three bucks a gallon for gas. They're trying to put their property back together after Wilma. People are got issues, man. And I got a lot of cash. That's why I was really stupid to that best of the other time when we knew it was going to fail. Garanty failure. Say that's what they keep setting us up for. Or a QA. Just like Hank mentioned yesterday. Garanty failure. That's this crowd we got even though you like them a lot now because they're so they're kissing your ass. And you can take me for that. Thank you. You can take me for that. The fact they're finally getting around to taking care of you and maybe you're just this week because they move real slow. And if they don't get off of them, just wait till you want to be talking about all day tomorrow. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is 5.16. Oh, it is. Now when you can mark it down, if Brewer County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. Okay. I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years to say. And here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something up. We want the world to be. We want the world to be. Hi. I'm David Samford and I used to sound like this until I met that queen of silver cups. I'm looking for a new home from my world, champion, my own. And I don't like staring at stadium with big, tinky football players. I had my heart stuck on a new stadium. But my dreams were all dashed because of that tight, so bad. Well, it's not going to happen now. And it's all y'all fault hang. All y'all fault. Some certain will be welcome this literators with flowers and candy in a new city like San Antonio. For that you paint python smoke and hot. If you don't want to mark on any more, I'll just take them up with me open myself to play in my own backyard. So put that in your lost talent slide. And we never. It's nothing more important than life than the grab-back side. You're a man on man's board. All right. Look at for a home for the money. For a home of L.D.L. Bye bye. 133.27 before 11 o'clock. We had to mark on pregame show of 1230 any interest. But it should be another really good ratings booster just like those you and basketball games. But it gave us a chance to get out of here. We were really both those days and this is the same thing this week. Yeah, against today. Yeah, and I'm getting used to this. I had a successful day at Woodbind. It's time to have a couple of good machines. I'm sure he'll be sitting here talking a crap for another hour and a half. To match 40 and 120. Wow, you were right. You had your thumb right on in 120. I must have a couple of games canceled due to lack of interest. What year was it? 62? 62. Must have been a Casey Stangler era, huh? That was their expansion year. That was a Casey Stangler era, like I said. Wow, that's way close. You know, that's the expansion. We needed a lot more teams. The mess of one, five and a row. I have an idea to believe that they pay attention to baseball. Oh, I think you do. You think I do one? You just catch the highlights on sports. I don't can't pay any attention to it. I'm watching a couple of pitches as I'm channel surfing here right there. All those ex-modelins on the next now. Yeah. As a matter of fact, I noticed, now let's see, opening day Josh Beckett pitch for the red songs. That's right. And I've fed David Wells pitch for the yesterday in the blue days. Just tore the cover off his fan ass. Nice going here at Toronto. Excellent job. I can't stand him. See, Roger Clemens is a fan ass. But Lisa is great performing. You know, he walks to walk and he talks to the talk and all of her cliche crap. But David Wells has got a big mouth and he's just a pig, you know? Yeah, well, I mean, let's not compare Roger Clemens body type to David Wells. I mean, Roger is a little pudgy, but David Wells is just a small one. Did you see a pudgy? Yeah. Well, there's another one by the way. Didn't get that fan ass just for me to make a few free-dose. Freedom bandedos. Hey, he's a little guy now. He was a solid-some-actored, right-investigation in Congress. Pugged Rodriguez went from 210 pounds to 140. He looks like little miss muffled now. Must be just a coincidence. Of course. Please, your favorite all-time TV celebrity. We don't come back to this whole list. Although, sure, we're kills some great time. 597. We want to get to 800 before our 1230. Like we did yesterday. Wouldn't it be good sign? Yeah, I haven't voted yet. I'm adding Chris Farley. You're any who? Chris Farley. Mmm. Good choice. Another dead guy. Johnny Carson 82. Well, look at how many of these people are dead. Good, God. Johnny 82, Jackie Gleason 53. Long since dead. Jerry Soundfield 49. Not yet, but. Carol O'Connor 38 days. Still say that when Carol O'Connor died, we should have like a national day of mourning. You don't think? Yeah, I do. I just, you know, some of the celebrities like this name with a pointer sister. I have a june pointer. I don't, you know, I mean, I know their music, but I wouldn't know her if she liked it. They put her body on my patio now. I wouldn't have any idea what was. But when I watch your name dies, Marines stapled in just died in for just a second. When I saw that couple weeks ago, I thought, oh, not Jean Staples. But it was Marine. So not that we didn't like Marine. She's pretty good actress. But when Jean Staples and dies, analists say a nuclear Iran is years away. It sounds like we're being set up all over again. In fact, 48% of the dumb Americans say that they back military action against Iran. If the government continues pursuing nuclear technology, pull conducted by the LA Times in Bloomberg reveals that 48% of Americans would back when the theory action against Iran. Probably because things are going so well on Iraq. If the government continues pursuing new news, however, a majority 54% indicate that they don't believe President Bush will make the right decision. And otherwise, whatever he does, then I know what it's going to be. But as usual, it'll be wrong. Kind of like our management, same thing. I'll show you how to see the Kiss Me Ranch now. So I'll tell the other cheek now. Just spend over there. Okay, now the other cheek couple of times. There you go. Kissy kissy. But anyway, in line with that poll, to show you how stupid the public is now easily kind. In other words, fool me once and please fool me again, please, you know. Like I say, in Tennessee and Texas, West and nuclear analysts say yesterday that Iran lacked the skills, materials, and equipment to make good on its immediate nuclear ambitions even. As senior Iranian officials said, Iran would defy it a national pressure and rapidly expand its ability to enrich uranium for fuel. In other words, it's a lot of BS. It's a bluff. Just like you're threatening to walk out if they don't come through with some big bucks. It's a bluff. The official Mohammed Saidi, the deputy head of Iran's atomic energy organization in other raghead, said Iran would push quickly to put 54,000 centrifuges online. A vast increase from the 164th of the Iranian sagist of the abuse to enrich uranium to levels that could fuel a nuclear reactor. Still, nuclear aimless called the claims exaggerated. They said nothing that changed to water current estimates of when Iran might be able to make a singular, a single nuclear weapon, a similar net as it's ultimate goal. US governments put that at five to ten years away and some analysts have said the crew how much latest 2020. Some of us might even be dead by that. What's that? 14 years away? Yeah. I'd be 77, but I don't want to make that. As long as I stick to my low-car pasta, I'll be okay. I'll make that. Oh, which by the way, I went shopping yesterday and just for the kicks I bought it. And I have an eating idiot. Oh. Well, you won't know the difference. I mean, I didn't hurt in your case. Yeah, you're a little chunky in that picture on the website. So you can't hurt. I'm just telling you, now is the time to start watching your pees and cues, man. Now when you blow it up like the beast in about 10.15 years. It'll be okay. I'll follow you on. Look at your job. You sit there on your ass for five, six hours. But I'm a man. You're an active guy. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's what I heard. That's what Duff is thinking. Just tell them not that active. Iran's announcement brought criticism from several Western nations and were listed to agree from Russia and China. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, that bull-like call for strong steps against Iran, using the country's clear statement of defiance to persuade we're locked in companies like Russia and China to support the type of international penalties. But Russia in official said they hadn't changed their opposition as our penalties. Nuclear analysts said Iran's boast that it had enriched you any using 160% of you just meant that it had now moved one small but significant stepping on what it already been able to do nearly three years ago. In other words, what's as they say on Paisach, what's the big stimulus? I don't like carrots, stimulus all the way. Do you like potato kugle? You know what else I like? Like I say in advance, so but Washington Kuhl. To bed, George ain't there. Speaking of the Jewish lesson, Luxion, now actually it's usually used in the derogatory way and we're going to talk about Italian people. Luxion, Luxion, Luxion single, like an Italian guy, Luxion. So it's usually sarcastic, derogatory. And Luxion means something Italian. So Luxion kugl is like the Italian noodle pie. Got it? Although in Germany, kugl is cone, like an ice cream cone, kugl. So when you go to Berlin next time, just order a kugl. Let's not. You know, oh, they got kugl ice cream in Berlin, but oh, in Germany, man. I would say it's even better than in Jolottu in Italy. I've said that before, oh, you're crazy. Wow, I'm just telling you. They're hiking it's a David Albright president, the Institute for Science International Security and Washington, the private group, the monitors, the Wayne and nuclear program, Anthony Kordesman and Khalid are all around the Center for Strategic International Studies and Warshemon called the Iranian claims little more than vacuous political posturing meant to promote Iranian nationalism and global sense of atomic inevitability. The nuclear experts said Iran's claim yesterday that it would mass produce 54,000 cent of the British echoed most of the year ago. Even so they noted, the Islamic State still lacked the parts of materials to make draws of the highly complex machines, which can spin your reading in the future or at atomic when a bomba. They lacked the machines. That's who with machines yesterday, man. How often do you think you get a thousand or three different times, twice a one machine, and then once on the one right next to it? Pretty good. Yeah? I mean, I could have had a much larger wind figure, but you know, when little and you give a whole lot back. That's the way it works. Yeah, to keep plunging, man. And to keep persisting and persisting, and finally got off the machine when it just died when you bet your machine dies, man. Don't just sit there, keep feeding it all day assuming, oh, pretty soon it's got a pump. Yeah, it's going to pop as you're a bank account. That's what's going to pop. What's that guy talking about about? I'm a wealthy guy. I'm always he babbling about. Who knows? What is with these people this week about? Or are you happy? Your life gone pretty well? Your, man. But they're on some kind of fishing expedition for this big book they're writing. Don't worry, won't sell little soldiers. This is good as that to see them. Not to me. That one that we're peddling. By the way, they got up to stadiums. Just look for them. We're giving them away. And we're some of them teachers. Okay, you're going to be watching on these. That came on TV today. And speaking of that, you know, I don't want to like start in with him again, but he is so horrible, rich wall. He's, you know, I watch a little bit of that opening day, game at the buckle. He's just awful. Why you continue defending him. I don't remember him. I don't have you don't think he's very good. Why can't you say it like it is. He's just horrible. I don't think he's very good. Well, I see you're a nice guy. You're trying to kiss up to him because you know the guy. Okay, you're like, hey, because you know somebody you don't want to rip him. Just because that likes him. It's only that they were great talent, you know? That's true. There you go. I mean, what do you? 1043, several, I look at Miguel, let's pick on him. He's not there. He's in a meeting today. They decided it was more important for him to be in a promotion's meeting than to be with us. And we agreed. I like Miguel personally, but I'm going to show what he adds to it. He haven't done you for years now, but down in Memphis, they're outstanding service. If you thought that downing 100, 100, 100, 100 on the phone was easy, wait till you go online and shop at macros.com. That's right. When you're all going to macrosis a macros.com page, you'll see the extensive product line from Celi, suratos seven king coil, temperate, excers and foster hewit. You'll also see photos, prices and lots more. You'll see all of these things. You can do the hoarding process online or after you visit macros.com. Pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress and place the order when you can schedule delivery and they tour window that's convenient for you. When you have to, our window seven days a week, you pick like 1-3, 2-4, etc. and they show up on time. And right now take advantage of a dial of macros, great 12 month financing program too. When you call dial a mattress, 1-800 mattress, you get factory-dread prices lower than change stores even during your so-called big sales. Call now 1-800 mattress like I've been doing for years. The easiest thing that you could possibly do is the official macros company of the new Rogers show. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Talk with expert vetting consultants or log out of mattress.com. Like I said, the guarantee yourself the best way you've had and a very, very long time and for years to come. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, leave off the last S because it stands for Sunday. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16 Tuesdays. Pack it, man. I'm going to make you an off for your college shoes. I'll show you a way to eliminate your enemies, blinking, pinky, empty and client. It's simple. Leave the gun. Take the power power. He was an actor who worked for nothing in a film that became a bluffbuster. You boys, you're found a way to screw me. The finally is course. Randy Quay to his. So he broke back Mountain. You're not going up there to make an art house movie. Randy Quay is going through the back door to get the money they owe him in. So he broke back Mountain. I wish I knew how to cash you residual shit. No, I'm so excited. I did court moves. 10.49. It's 11.49 at 5.60 WDQ. We got that big Marlon game coming up at 12.30. That's the reason that you're not making new working for peanuts and crack a jack. That's right. Caramel corn, whatever that is. And the same with George is because we're losing our house in a Marlon. See, I'm like you cross the street where they lie. And they put those articles in the paper in the South Florida business here. Oh, we're making very big money on the dolphin games. We did really great last year. Oh, yeah. Five million they spent. They got a million and a half back and revenue. They lost three and a half million. The first year plus day that Jimmy Siffle is that simple to none of year. Doing the ball games totally unacceptable. Two million alive butter. In fact, if any other station in the market would like to have the Marlon game, even start today. Right? We'll stick around till two. Now, like I said, start tomorrow. That was a bad boy. I told you I was sticking your camera up your old. Yeah. Not good. Start tomorrow when I think series against the Washington Nets this weekend. And they're going to be, oh, what a what a what crowds are going to be for that series. See, I like all these great traditional libraries. They're starting to season with this year like, you know, Marlon's in the Padre's. Marlon's in the Washington Nets who used to be the Montreal Expose. Oh, brother. Woo. Heavy duty. And they wonder why nobody's showing up. I mean, wouldn't it have been better like have the Marlon's in the Met's for opening series? We see it had some Met's fan. There's nobody there because the other teams don't have any fans. See, when you have a sporting event in South Florida, you have to be playing a team that bring to least half of the crowd has to be a fan of the other team, you know. Is that correct? Yeah. Like when the dolphins play the jets or the giants, or like when the fan says play the rangers of the flyers, half of the crowd has to be composed of people from fans of the other team. Otherwise, there's nobody there. 8,999 for my ass. And today, I have a female eclipse that on the downside. People all over town are betting over's numbers. And I think I think the numbers 5,000. And it was yesterday. 5, 6,705, 60, pound five, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. Somebody QAM, hello. You got? Yes, sir. You going to the game today? No, not in any way. But thank you. How dare you? Well, I thought I'd call and give you the staff that I didn't. I had to leave the radio for a minute. But I think the tiger's hold the distinction of the most glasses and the phasings. No, they came close a couple years ago. But, oh, I'm sure. John Sharpie looked it up. He said the mess 120 and 62. Oh, okay. Well, the tuffer sucked too. Yeah, but I said, would Massey American legal be the tiger's. Yeah, absolutely. And one shameless request. Is this possible to play that American fnwachick? What do you mean? The whole call. Oh, the whole call? Yeah. I don't know. Okay. I don't know what tells that's all about. I'm going to help you ever have a request for our quest Thursday on a short show. I don't care. Well, you're brutal. You're a little bit fast. I'll say, well, here she is. Okay, the girl that you have talking on your sports department. I heard another day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game. And you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. Okay. And I want to tell you that's very clear. What's the problem with the poor? I'm not even going to say that. Okay. I want to tell you that's very clear. Okay. You know, you don't have any self. What's not? It's not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an Indian for some time or the other. Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay. Because, you know, it's not about like that, but Cuba people. How about his nationalities, the pieces. Okay. There's nothing for rock to hear. There's a poor people. That's how. You know, that's the American fucking way. So, they'll talk about Cuban people that way. But the rock. Yeah. That's probably why I'm here to play. You know, but you can't fool me, no more. And I'm jumping everything. No, I'm throwing away a couple of things. That's right. Everything is sent to my ass. 1053 or 560WQM here in the fascist USA. Let's play that till at 1230. I was always said till 2 o'clock. Johnny Carson is, I think, unreachable and untouchable. I'm as poor as a very sad commentary in America. I mean, we had our first TV in 1952, I believe in my house. As a child, I was 10 years old. And that's 54 years ago. And in 54 years, if Johnny Carson is the greatest all-time or your favorite all-time TV celebrity, I would like to want to burn my TV. You know what I'm saying? I would agree with that. I mean, if he's the best thing that was ever on in your opinion, either your taste is really crappy or you just never got to see any good TV. Because he was marginal and best. And of course, there was Ed McMan, you know, kissing his butt. Hey, oh, you know, sucking up. Oh, God. Just, oh, look at that. Where does that come from? You can join Anderson Cooper 360. What the hell was that all about? Look like someplace in Europe to me. That's the way that I got was. Look pretty good. Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity? I'm just going to read a few here because the list goes on. 640, 6 votes. That's the important part. We'll make that 800 by 1230 easy. No sweat. You mark my words. I'll put it in a good word for I would make it well for you, but I'll. Johnny Carson 88, not too good, though. Jackie Gleason 57. Johnny's got it looked. He is often runnin. Jackie Gleason 57. Jerry Sinfeld 51. Very, very weak show. Not to the same thing wrong with that. Well, no, I say I disagree, but I think Jerry Sinfeld as a comedian and everything else he does so, though, is weak, but he shows great. Look, I said I'll put it in a bad word for you. Carol Alconna 41, I would you say that Sinfeld was better than all in the family? Yes. Yes, oh my god. You know, I mean right there, just just a theme song. Just the opening theme is better than anything was ever on Sinfeld. Sinfeld was better than all in the family. This is what Josh Cortis says. Punk that he is. I just, I can't even believe you would have the nerve to say that. I don't think you ever even saw it. You wouldn't know me head from Mami Paul. William Schatter 38. Listen, you're telling your opinion, you're full of crap, but then again, you know, but you're reading it. Tony Carson is it, huh? But I mean, say, Carol Alconna, it was 8,000 times the performer that Jerry Sinfeld, whatever, whatever dream of a Carol Alconna had more talent in his fat, right thumb than Jerry Sinfeld, whatever, having his peatured obnoxious body. Well, Jerry Sinfeld isn't why the show's funny. Well, there you go. Well, the question is, not the show. See, you're confusing. Now what's your all time favorite TV show? Who's your all time favorite celebrity? See? Uh huh. Oh, well, that's already. It's not that I didn't vote for him. I'm just saying I like. I don't even, you see where you're already said that he sucks, but it's a good show. So therefore, how could he be it? Where you would never say the Carol Alconna sucked. I'm an owl, though he wasn't it. He though night was a bad show. Good movie, bad show. Did you ever watch that show? Maybe once. We are. That was more than a couple. Carol Alconna 43, Bill Shattner 38. What an actor. David, David, Peter Ben 35, Phil Harmon 28. Now he should be doing better than that. Who didn't let Phil Harmon? But he was, I know this is usually unacceptable. He actually was very funny. Yes, he was. Lucille Brawl. I love Lucley. He was very funny. 26. And James Gardner and I still can't think of what all the show was. Google it. Well, it wasn't met like, I'm sure he was on a bunch of ones. But he was on one of those cop shows, James Gardner. And his brother John Nanskarner. And I could have Google it. Oh, he's also in right now. I bet already because he's high enough on list. And why is he high enough on list? Why is James Gardner one of the favorite celebrities on TV? Yeah, like I said, he was on a thousand different things. But I'm going to look for something. He wouldn't be in my top 6,000. Next thing it'll be Bob Wagner for a rock cut in for McMillan wife. Who'd have was on their Susan St. James was at it? That was a terrible show. Even though rock cuts in was. Yeah. The rockford files. That's it. See, right there. James Gardner the rockford files. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised. Oh, wouldn't it be something if I had that on here? That would be sensational. But you know what? It's not on this disc. I do have it. But if you think I'm going to make the effort. This first time today when we got a short show on pay. If you think I'm working overtime to play the rockford files team, I might. It's right on the floor. I had NYPV blue. Now, who the hell is in that show? Anybody we know? Long overdue that we did the TV themes. We haven't done that in one of our six days. 10.58 at 5.60. And if you have Mr. Marlins pre-game show, baby, we're working up and get all you fans worked up into a frenzy for baseball. You can spell a glove. The doctor would have a lot of work. The body was. And of course nobody has any ideas who these kids are. We know Donald Trump. We know how about Roberta. And that's it. Anybody else on the scene? I mean, I would have to throw him. Would have worked out if I didn't. No, you know who it is. You told me, will he have? Yeah. Will he have, there he go. We'll try, will he have whatever he is. I remember, Clyde McCullough. It's been 58 at 5.60. If you think you got termites in your home like we have a Q&A, we got a lot of things that bug us. Call Riddit Pest Control Day for a free termite inspection. Riddit uses that amazing orange or a free-vid-the-kill termites enter my days, 100% on contact. I don't know if I should say orange or orange. When I was in college, all of the New York kids used to give us a bunch of crap. Those of us from like not from New York, it's not orange. It's orange. Well, go back to New York. Anyway, those termites are gone fast, man. If you have termites that's the best possible way to get Sega by them and you don't have to tense your home either. You don't have to worry about making your palace into a circus. No worrying about poisonous gas. Although if you don't make it into a circus, we got the perfect clown for you. No moving out or hotel stays, no worrying about food or pets in your health. At Riddit, they treat your home with this amazing orange or oil and you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when you're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddit Pest Control right now and find out about this amazing orange or oil treatment that kills termites and the race, 100% on contact. So be as no kidding. Call right now for a free termite inspection before they termites these idiots going big in a two year old house away called 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348 when you call be sure and tell them the Todd Greck to do the call. 1-800-447-4348-448. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-62A. Your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped to bits by a finely-honed meat cleaver. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. I'm so proud of how much I've lived in my shaving green soap and a little bit of my face. And I went to work. I looked like a church and I was fired in the street. Driving home. I would all alone take a couple of play tricks on me. But in the real new mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me. I was right. So Jesus, I was sick. So I was wrong. I saw a little bit of my bad love to the Ramsey. I was in my heart. Oh my friends, they got nuts. And the red thing, more. So Jesus, I was sick. I thought I was okay. Just eat. I thought I'd be sick. I thought I was a bit sick. I thought he's all my mum. So him home. This second floor is not going to look good for my thoughts. I thought Captain, exposed me being in the trash out of the spotter's yard. Oh yes. I saw a thing. It reminds me of I was sick. Oh, I can't remember the song. They were very good. Oh, I can't remember the song. On the wrist show, excellent dance. Oh, I can't remember the song. Good team song, right? Rock the Pong. Yeah, pretty good. Crapy show. James Carter is good actor, but it was a bad show. Robert Wagner, on the other hand, is a bad actor, and it was an awful show. Whatever that show was with what's your name. What was the show he was on, Robert? Where to catch his thief? Terrible actor. Used to look really, really good. I mean, really, really good about 100 years ago, but before he is, he is his wooden as Kimbo camper. By the way, Boca says that gardener's other thing was fabric. Oh, man, see, I could say in that lock. I knew it began, who's with an MA? See, if it needs to be old and seamel, like me, have to like, letter and word association, Maverick, Matt Lock, say like that. Okay, you're putting your drooling a little bit. Pepper only just drooled on your cheek. Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity in Johnny Car. He's got a lot to up to. I'll be right back. Why are we moisting our time with this? Very sad. Yep. We only got an hour and 24 minutes anyway. Why? I just hate these short shows. Don't you? Oh, yeah. Where else the pun even show? We could have slept together a bunch of interviews. Yeah. Only we don't do interviews. I just can't believe we followed that today. I mean, the Humper. What? I think we... I think I had a pace-off surprise. They're probably not good. It racks nearly crowned beauty queens. Speaking of not good, it's gone into hiding. Or she's really me as anyway. God. No wonder they, no wonder there's this logic women trouble up their face to be ever seen. But I shouldn't say that's bad. Probably some of them are lovely. When you think, oh sure. I haven't seen many. The racks nearly crowned beauty queens going into hiding. Fearing should be targeted by Islamic militants who reportedly threaten to kill all the women who participated in a Baghdad pageant last week. Not that these are people living in the dark ages you understand, or people treat women like garbage. Sylvia Shahaki and a wrecky Christian. Oh, not good. Received the saddle of Miss Arrakwain, the initial winner stepped on after receiving death threats. And two other runners up also bowed out. A person permitted with the events said yesterday. Since receiving the crown Shahaki and has been lying low, fearing that she's going to be targeted, pageant was held eight per month in a Baghdad social club. And the initial winner, Tom Ar, Gregyan, gave back to crown four days later here. You take it out of wanted. Like I have the tater. Here you take it. Grab it. I don't want it. The man spoke on condition and anonymity. We've usually to be identified further saying he also for things that are going swimming we well. Travelling against where Basra and O'Nolos police, he was still in Arrak. Several attempts to reach for weed units were left or right failed. Shahaki and was quoted by ABC's Good Morning America saying she'll keep her title, but that she tied a change to a residence. She's going to be laying mighty low. By the way, you are new to any cooking as the Russian girlfriend is she going to cook the pasta? No, I cooked the pasta really. Very good eight minutes. I know the box is nine to eleven. Eight minutes. Trust me. Got it? Now doesn't it look just like regular pasta? Exactly like an excellent. And that's what it's going to taste like. You know, it's not even better. And much more better fiber. Stay close to home for a while after you. Oh no. No, no, it's not. Just like that. You're just being actually regular. That's all. This chance doesn't come to every girl. She said, I'm lucky to have that. I'm not going to lose it. She said in the program yesterday. I will take care. I will change by living place. I'd like to take that chance. I'll do my best. ABC reported like a vegan received trans flag over religious maniacs who referred her as the queen of infidels for participating heavy hutspa to participate in a beauty page. You know, there's Muslims men. They went to women covered up with all them schmothes men. Cover up their unclean, their unclean. The page was the first to be held in a match in the US, then in the 23-point ABC. The network said organizers are hoping to send the word the misuniverse page and being held in the L.A. July 23. Then they will fear her or her shooter or something like that. Don't think he bad. Oh, look at this. I mean, now whatever happened with a smoke, there were a smoke that was smoked in the Supreme Court and the evacuated building and it said it was smoke and it was the last we heard of it. That would be really bad, especially if Antony and Scalia was still in there. Look at that. Maybe the would be shoe bomber, Richard Reed, or Gregory, maybe a witness in the Musaoy trail. We don't care. I don't understand. I thought the trial was all over with. And I thought that they were like in the sentencing phase. How many years is that going to go on? Is that what we thought? That's what we taught. Yeah, that's just keeps going on. We're in the words of the story about the Supreme Court here on CNN U idiots. Let's see. Here's the story about Dave Shaprell. I got that. We'll get to that. I knew you wouldn't hear that. I saw that. But why he ain't coming back. Where words of the story about the Supreme Court, they give us the big teas. Like maybe all the, maybe parents. I think parents, token tamis, was smoking a big fat one. That's what that smoke was. Not fooling me. A pin size joint. They're just a pin size joint. You're probably also looking up somebody's dress. Saturday, you'll counterweight there and no more. So he's probably in there ain't no, well, maybe he was looking up proofs later against burges dress. Oh, gee. I'm so sorry I said that. Oh, sad regal counter was bad enough. Can you imagine looking up proofs later against burges dress? Uh-huh. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. QAM. QAM. Oh, yes. A deal. Your former, your popular sports station WQAM. Yes. All right. I want to vote for a C Valon, but this, this is the name is on the poll. Yes it is. The valon is got, I know it's on her because I voted for him. All right. That should be talking about man. Let me tell you how many votes he's got. Right. I got 14 votes. He's right there. He's right there. Keep straight on for a man. Now let me ask you a question. Okay. Who would you say was the greater tailed on TV? Jerry Sign Filter, Carol O'Connor. Carol O'Connor. I mean, say even close. Is it not no, no, no comparison. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Check in the mail. Thank you. See? Thank you. The only one to get a check in the mail. That's not last people. What's the better show? No, no. That's not the poll. Okay. See you're starting to get like the audience. That's not the question. It's not a question. What's your favorite TV show? That'll be tomorrow. Well, I mean, we, we have done that. I'm sure it's in it. All right. Yeah. We can spin it off. Like a needle. Hey, listen, it's never too late to spin the drail. God might have put a take, uh, he might take kindly to that. Oh, look at that. What a good little Jewish kid. He's spinning the drail even though it's pace off, man. He has to post this spin a drail on pace off here. But I've burned in hell. See, you never know when you mess with God. You better get all your holiday stuff. Don't be in no pace at the key candy and tissue ball. Okay. God gets really better shape when you do that. Ah. Don't be in no macaroon's and sinhastura. Oh, oh, not good. And by the way, happy, you have good Friday tomorrow. Oh, tomorrow's good Friday. Shouldn't it, isn't it? That's right. I'll be sure to eat all the meat that I can. Oh, I mean macaroni and cheese. I'm going to get some of them elbows. I think I might do that. I don't know what. Now you see you found the dream field in the store. Did they have just the spaghetti or the other stuff? No, I actually, I got the penny. I've got the penny. Really? Yeah. I mean, even though they made penny. Oh, they got like five different varieties. Ah, in public. Is it penny from heaven? Well, all that you know? There's a pennies for a rumor. Anyway, it's good Friday tomorrow. So we'll be doing our special Easter crucifixion show. We're going to take Joe Bell and nail him to a cross on the court of right there by Chuck Subcenter, right by the Haitian fast food store. That's what we had to do. We had to find that guy that hates the Haitians so much. We had to like nail him to a cross right in front of that mini-mart there. You know what I'm talking about by the barber shop or door devices drugs? Yes. Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity is our full question. Johnny Carson 98. They're not going to touch Johnny. And who would want to with this stage again? Probably a little gamey. Jackie Greece in 61. Sign felt at the interlector of the 140. I want to live long enough. Or at 56 to 48. Eight vote margin. I want to live long enough to see Carola Connor pass your sign for. Because, you know, we need justice, man. Let's go to Corley on a Sicily. Let's do the show remote from there from Sicilia. From Italy. Or could we eat good then? Forget about greenfield. What do you say? Let's do the show from Corley on a. I'm the name of that. I'm a remote man. I'll talk to Miguel. There you go. Yeah, I have them. I said it up. Thank you. Thank you. 1113. A QL. We got a short show. Marlon pregame. 1230. Any interest? No. Even a little bit. No. I'm sorry. They're one and six. They're off to a smoking start. I've been telling you for years about that. I'm actually using them for years myself and they're outstanding service. If you thought dialing 1-800 mattress on the phone was an easy way to get a good one. You want to log on to dial a mattress. In fact, if you can't sleep with a night-coach or mattress, just get up at 3 o'clock in a morning and go online. When you log on to mattress.com's page, you'll see the extensive product line they carry from Celia and Simmons. Sir, the King Quiro temperabetic, Stewards and Vinana's Foster, too. You'll also see photos, prices and a whole lot more. We know a lot of you folks like those pictures. You can do the ordering process online or after visit mattress.com. Make the car 180-100 mattress and place your order on a phone. Schedulate to our delivery window of your choice. Any day of the week, like 11-1, noon to 2, 130-330, etc. And they show up just when you want them when it's convenient for you. And right now, we should have taken advantage of dialing mattresses great 12-month financing program. When you call dial a mattress, it 1-800 mattress. You get factory-direct prices lower than change doors, even during their so-called big sales. Big sale, my ass. Call right now to dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. It's the official mattress company they show. Call right now 1-800 mattress. You'll be talking to expert bedding consultants, so we know they're crap or log on to my first dot com for the best sleep you've had in years. 1-800-MATT-RES, leave off the last S because it stands for Stoop Endless Savings. This is Neil Rogers. She fell. This is 5-16-2-8-10. Playpop little boy. Salin, hi, don't see me guys. Eat it if it's back coming in. It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family. All you looking day. Did we name John Jowl a week? No, no, don't get that that's a crox. She's not what ever happened to my little girl. Who cares? Why don't you push yourself away from disabled, huh? Maybe have a salad once in a while. Don't you know how many of the rare people have never had a decent meal? Again with its charity sweetheart. Well, it's true. Those why don't you send them to Bones from the turkey? You had for breakfast. What? Find girl to go to eat. Have you? Ñ€Ð¾Ð· with me! Help yourself. Call the baby. Who sent who? And Mom has ÙˆØ¨ effects on dogs mom. No, mom doesn't want to get all out. Then let daddy know he does. Don't give. I can do what I need to do today. Please help me do what you have to do. I said no, I want to be save in it. Please. Welcome home to the Bones from all just now. the S Home Card Spine in school where you can learn all of the mechanics that my friend all that you guys will be so cool. 7373 votes by the way guys, 75 different versions of the you're theme. You said that the sign-told show is better than all of my family indicates to me a very lack of a perspicance of you on your part. Is that right? Yes. Okay, let's, in fact, I would say, that's a movie. Well, I would say that you could look at the popularity of sign-filled if you don't just want to take my word for. The poster to popularity of all of the family that's still in reruns all these years later after all these people are dead, while at least a car will come. Meadheads still around. And the glory of she's still proud she probably weighs 600 pounds. And eat it, she's still eating it. Who else was on that show? And of course everybody else spun off. How many spin outs were there from sign-filled? 3, I think that's all failed. Now I see. Well, what about the Jeffersons that that fail? And even mob, which is a bad show because I can't see and be Arthur, was that a failure now? No. But can't be spin-off. What do we talk about here? Mod and the Jeffersons were spun off from all of the family. Yeah, we made it to the success of all in the family. I mean, the Jeffersons was a big show in itself. Like, yeah, that's why Jeffersons were George Jefferson was a great character. And he and he also even weasy. What was the made scene? Oh, for van. Remember, she was great. Sir, can't say, bitch. Anyway, I like Carol Locke on her. It's all Monday. Oh, by the way, somebody went by and bought a CD from Roli out of the stadium. Oh, my God. Oh, don't forget we got our best in the Alibestah. I turned man. He's and those nifty t-shirts out there into the gate after the stadium. I think it's gate. That was an F-Stane right now. Yeah. After that, right? Oh. And somebody actually bought a CD well. Thank you so very much. You see, this is a year we can actually think people individually. Oh, yeah, because they're going by the ones. They are just going like flat jacks. Man. Come in to QA and all in a family line. Hello. So, we've strutters that eat some america and go with some. Okay, great. QA, I'm hello. Tell me how you done, buddy. I think I just got to see him. You wasted six hundred pound. Yes, sir. First of all, I'm total agreement. Jerry time fell. Couldn't hold his grip for Carol Conner. Right, exactly. I mean, who the hell are we kidding? I don't know. And Johnny Carson, you know, he would be extreme to the acceptive and net work. We jack par and made a bet show at the beginning. I'm going to just hook over a show that was already set to accept. He did to that show what Jay Leno was done after a Carson left. We're going to play on a show. Jay Leno's work in Carson, whatever. Oh, my, my, I'm sorry. Yes. I need to answer your question, buddy. You know, I have a panel. I hear these kids ask me all these questions. Okay, I, when Jesus Christ is a rucket, right, was there a bunny rabbit to their give him an eight chain, which is something that he explained to kid? Yes, they happened. They were really Easter eggs under the cross. That was correct. But I'm saying, I'm just figuring out really. I didn't think Easter bunny didn't want to. But Jesus Christ bringing him back. I got two words for your answer and those kids okay, bubble my seat. There we go. I don't like the show. Or the people. That was a bad show. I'm sorry. I mentioned I don't like her at all. And the guy to play the husband. I don't remember what his name was. I'm odd. He was just, he was just annoying. In fact, I think he was probably related to your son, Phil. However, you know, I like George so much. But his taste sometimes is just appalling now. He hates this theme. Doesn't he? Am I right? Yes, I do. I know he hits two themes especially. Good times, which I think is excellent. And this one. How can you know this room? I think it's the good one. Really? He's really got a passion of me. Yeah. He can train every time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's a horrible show with an excellent theme. It's a very good thing. There's nothing not to like there. He just, he's just a little hard-earse. That's all. But then again, you and he have a good time next week. I won't be on vacation next week. I'm suspending myself for a week. Well, let's see. What was that guy rambling about? Oh, no. Oh, that's our already played that version of it. I got 1500 versions of all in a family thing. How many versions do I have a sign call? I think I even have one. I don't even know what the theme sounded like. I never watched it. Why I watched enough of it. I hit it like poison. And Jerry sent out personal. How do you do not like that show? It wasn't funny. That's why it wasn't funny. And he's not funny. And he makes me nauseous. He makes me want to start, I don't know, painting swastikazan on doors. He's seriously, he's just nauseating. He's like a male barber stri-stand. He's like one step worse than Gary Shandling. We're getting back to the thing he can about people are just too Jewish just tripping with New York Jewish. Well, that's Jerry Seinfeld. He's a walking billboard for anti-Semitism, anti-Semitism. A threat, what can you do this? Intelligence experts wanted a proposal to merge two Pentagon intelligence units could create an ominous new agency. Then, how's Jack Webb doing? Then, ominous. The secret police of threatened turf grab by controversial Pentagon intelligence unit is causing concern among both privacy experts and some of the offensive-barmus owned personnel. In formal panel, senior Pentagon officials have been holding a series of unannounced private meetings over the past several weeks about how to proceed with the possible merger between the counterintelligence field activities CIFA-CFA, a post-Nive level Pentagon creation that's been accused of domestic spying as we know. And the Defense Security Service, the initials of which are the SS underlined the SS part, whether it has some nifty belt buckles, the SS. God is mid-oilens. A well-established older agency responsible for inspecting the security arrangements of Defense contractors, I can't wait to see that. You understand to be stopped open, strike of every way. I am in. So, Starcoostev and baby, because there may be a joke once upon a time, but now the jokes on us are new anyway. 26 past 11 at 5.60WQM finally a TV experience like no other, Tom Kest, digital cable with on the man is easy to use as last for you to love. And today, in triad for just 3499 a month or three months, why TV so much better with on demand I'm glad you asked. For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whatever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to win to a TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start with your say so, with programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home and program shows, guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have something great to watch right when you want to watch it, like the Rockford files. And don't forget about control with on demand, you can start. Pause me one fast forward programs using that remote. You sure can't get all these things with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly ask for more. And best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtimes. Pick your nose, sit back into wonder how you're managing it along without it. Call to the order Comcast digital cable and HBO with a power bond demand for just 3499 a month or three months in Dave Call 3.05 Comcast. And I'm getting choked up about it in Broward. 954 Comcast. This is New Roger. Rock solid. This is 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 5400 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 580 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 560 QF. 580 QF. 570 QF. 360 QF. I'm a little bit of creditability, not too much. Who's your favorite all-time? I mean, you know, it's an opinion. We're asking a subjective. We're asking who do you like? And if you like Jerry Sinfeld, well, I can say, look at the man. It's getting tight now. Each year hard out. Johnny, 103, they're not going to catch Johnny, right? No. Ed McMan's voting over. He's a frequenter. Jackie Greason, 65, since I haven't closed. Jerry Sinfeld 57, Carol O'Connor 54. He's right on Jerry's ass. And believe me, that's a hell of a load to carry. 57 to 55. He's doing it in a pair. He's within a small pair. Carol O'Connor. He's dead and he's moving faster than he ever did in real life. And rightfully so. I'll wait till the end of this. This is a joke. I don't want to give people depressed because, you know, if you look at what's really going on in the world, you probably want to kill somebody, maybe yourself. Don't jump. Man, look, it looks so, it's too nice to be in here. It just looks too sunny in beauty. It looks like a good day for a ball game. It's already 50 and it's going to be 20. That's 68 Fahrenheit today. Oh, man. I'm out of here. See ya. Here's Josh. Top US's Secret Military Intelligence documents, which could compromise how they'd characterize government in Afghanistan, have turned up for sale in Afghan bizarre. Like a defleem market. After apparently being stolen from a nearby US military base. Isn't that comforting? You know? Oh, yeah. The security lands will embarrass US military and the Afghan and Pakistani governments. The files are stored on computer memory sticks. And among those to come to light so far, let's to top the unofficial's included cabinet members to suspected of involvement in the drug trade or supporting the Taliban insurgency. Oh, the Taliban, I thought we got rid of them. Not one of the most potentially damaging files, which is brought unwillingly by unwittingly, well, am I doing good or what? But unwittingly by an Afghan journalist named senior anti-communist who was in Saudi intelligence agency believed to be drug smugglers described as tier one warlords that include Marshall Maham and Fahim, former defensor minister and now member of the upper house of the Afghan parliament, General Rashid Dostum, chief of staff of the army, General Mahamid Doud, I think he used to play for the main beliefs. Presently the interior minister for counter-night, Kornar Kodders, that this is once over the counter. The interior minister is refused to comment. All three of the nine pass speculation were involved in Afghanistan's one and a half billion pound drug trade. It's like almost a almost $3 billion drug trade. That's the staple. That's the centerpiece of the economy still. I poppies. That's what it's all about. We did a heck of a job there, Brownie and Afghanistan, not. Well, if I flip this thing in Keralk, O'Connor moves ahead of time, fell. I'm going to flip. 59 to 57. It is, that's where the real battle is right there for third. The battle for first and second, although Milton Burl was known as, the father of something that was, what was it, Mr. Television. Excuse me. Mr. Television. And Milton Burl's only got eight votes. Do you want to know why? Why? Because most of the old toads like me who, uh, remember Milton Burl are mostly dead. Like Uncle Mildi. Isn't he dead? And he's dead. Is he? Which I, he was and was, you know. What was what? Mr. Television? No, but he was big. He was huge. Yeah. Man, he was gigantic. He was a monster in the TV industry. But he, well, Uncle Mildi was, see, Uncle Mildi came first. He was the pioneer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7. I have no idea what we're talking about. So playing all them, all in the family thing, sure, kill some good time. That one was like, uh, two minutes long. Do you like that? I got one for, uh, one of our very, for George's favorite listener out there. Kenny from Fort Lauderdale, remember that he called in on, uh, whenever he was filling for Hank, Kimbo, camper. Remember that? Yeah. The guy with the eyes. Right. I got one for him. It was cute, but he still asked, I still say that he looked, he looked, he'd be up like that. And her whole life was destroyed because she was on the show. I think because she had braces, maybe, you know, where everybody said that David Cassidy had bitter hair and was prettier than she was. He, he'd be a, you're fair, but nevertheless, that's another one of those deals. Man, they married him off more times and cartons about pills. And he also had a whole bunch of kids, a large, but, uh, uh, uh, you know, who you couldn't. He, we once did interview in a German magazine, which he didn't think whatever make it back to the States. And he admitted to certain, uh, certain things, you know. Oh, my God. How many things? But, don't be doing interviews in a four language and assume they'll never get translated, not a good idea. Now, seven hundred and seventy one votes. Arthur Godphees got none, even though they named the street of Miami Beach after him, which I still do this day can't finger out. Oh, my, I just, for the life of me, he was one of the most notorious anti-Semites ever on TV ever in the media. Just notorious. Wouldn't he have any Jews in his entourage? Except for course, Holly Loki, but other than that. And he, uh, he's got none. And it's a good sign. I'm glad to see that. I already still want nothing to do with him. For a bison. Peter Graves doesn't have any. That's sacrilegious. See Tommy Cruz speaking of, uh, you can make all the fish and impossible movies. You want, there's only really one fish and impossible. That was the TV show with Peter Graves and who else was on it. Barbara Bean and Martin Landau. Oh, but just wait, Tommy Cruz got a third movie coming out. That's what I'm saying. And who is the black guy that was on there, uh, geez, Greg Morris. For what a memory man. I just gave it almost a whole cast of mission impossible. I'm a freaking genius for meaningless crap. Oh, David Cassie don't have any votes. That means Kenny is voted yet. Richard Boone, none. Paladin, Richard Boone. He was also on medic with Bill Schattner a hundred years ago. I bet you chicken, I can remember. Ed Solomon don't have any. How could you ever see Topo Gigiot without Ed Solomon? And the Beatles. And Elvis Presley. Dick Clark don't have any. That's good. Dick Clark and Arthur Garfield. They should be there to get the, they should be writing and held together. We'll be long for Dick. He'll be down there. He'll be with Arthur Garfield. How why, yeah, how why, yeah, how why. Oh, man, playing that little banjo with a Hawaiian shirt on. What a far bison. He's on the count worth hotel on the beach, I think. I've got three no Jews or dark folks allowed by the way. I just, I just mentioned that in passing. And so because the population of my new week was overwhelming, we Jewish. They did the smart thing. They didn't just tweet after our name. They didn't even. Arthur Garfield wrote 41st. When you do that? Oh, shit. I'm still with. What'd you say? I said, I was about to say, oh, sure. And I'm sure we both said to button there. I can't believe you said that. I didn't say what you think I had. You did not. You said. Anyway, they didn't hear anything. Whatever we just said. Here it is again. It is bad. Man. Chai said, shh. Now, what was I talking about, said, oh, about Arthur Garfield wrote. Being outdoors a lot, maybe you're walking, maybe you'll also up and down Arthur Garfield wrote, which is right next to Hermann Gering Lane, I think. Lots of all about in South Florida, you'll have some comfortable shoes to do all I walk in. So the only place you want to take your feet is brandy shoes in Pombo Beach. It's a treat for your feet. See how I was doing it when you shot the brandy. Brandy's carry is major brands like Forestry, I'm Echoma, Fisto, Rockport. You did say it by the way. Harsh puppies and new balance. And tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women in the even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. Brandy shoes is largest independent true retailer in South Florida when you see the slush and value you get in, the great services while you understand why I've been raving about brandies for years. Go talk to our good buddy Arnie, who will make damn sure you get to write fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time. And I'll actually use department stores where it's a miracle if you have the style they wait on your first of all. And then if you find the style you like and you're a size, forget about that kind of deal because the only thing they do with brandy's shoes. So you never have to worry about size selection or service. You want it? They got it. Brandy shoes, a 12 million or federal highway in Pomping, obese between the Atlantic and Copa down the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open Monday through Saturday's till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And don't forget this week. Another great week to buy essay issues at Brandy's because you're going to save 20 to 40 bucks and pair and all great men's and women's essay styles this week. So be sure to get your fan asked in the Brandy's or shop online on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. Oh my god. This is 5.62. And I know who I am. I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. You're taking this very part. Thanks for moving. Thanks for wanting me, girl. Don't care about my innovation but I still got some lost to mold. Don't care about my innovation. I do remember off the hard. Talk about my innovation. Oh nobody asked for my green cards. Talk about my innovation. My innovation is it. They want me to go away. Talk about my innovation. It's going to work. But there's going to be a thing. Talk about my innovation. They just have to fill the water right your whole nation. Don't worry about my innovation. They need to know just my other achievements. Don't worry about my innovation. They have an excel day day. It's a mystery. It's a digital watch. I'm going to touch your questions. Somebody will touch your questions. I'm going to have a few quick today. Do you have any idea who's the most popular TV personality on right now on today? Oh. Drukeri. What? Followed by Regis Philbin. Oprah. And David Letterman. How's that possible? Drukeri. I'm just telling you right now. The Harris Paul. He didn't do it. Show anymore. Yeah. Who don't I was? David Letterman. And then Ray Ramano. J. Lino. Billy Riley. Kelsey Grammar. Kebby Karrick. And Rosie O'Donnell. Ah. Oh, my God. So we're doing pretty good. I'm very happy. We'll close people are on our pull by the way. And rightfully so. We probably ought to put Regis on it. And you think? Yeah. That amount of 100 years. Regis Phil. You just say that by all. 560. 560. But I've done it too. We all do it. You know, when you talk as temperance like come out when you do the shadow. You want tapes. I'm doing it. Well, I'm real happy for it. And<|th|> 560. We can probably show that. Let's make copies of that. And so about 30 involved part. How many of those CDs we got so far? So lament they will know. I haven't got another call. Come on, Rosie. He's holding back. He's probably pocketing the cash. Just a joke, Rosie. Just relax. Okay. Maybe this McGill pocketing the cash. And Erica something going. WQAM. Hello. Hey. What are you doing? Yes sir. Hey. James Garder is on there with Jack Lord. You know. Steve. You're right. Hey. He was your better and James Garder. Exactly. I got two things for you. I can't stand the hardball, the crow magna. And it's a synonym for Calspatina. So fucking. What have you two for? Yeah. So you should've played that after I hit the abut. He didn't even leave a long like. No, he didn't. Now what was he just in before that before I dumped a whole call? Talking about the crow. No, not before that. Oh, Jack Lord. I'm looking for a... See, we can't we do the themes. That one does very well and rightfully so. Well, what's this? If I got in here. I'm going to go in. This is really good. Oh wait, wait, wait. We end up in you surely. By the way, really. It's already on there. Oh, is he? Yeah. Well, thank god for that. We're now going to find a Wi-Fi both thing. We're going to have to find a Wi-Fi both thing. We're going to have to wait for a minute. We're out of here. Oh. Oh. We have to have a Wi-Fi. Oh. There are these very successful rich types from TV. They retired. They faded away and they went up to Hawaiian. They were in Burg And Essex, and restored returbed it to Daimen. In Hawaii. Do you know they? Oh, I did not. Yeah, one a thousand. Guys have gone out there. And bought their own island in the south Pacific. Who did that? Who was the one that bought an island? Was that it was Marlon Brando? Yes, speaking of... Okay. Marlon Brando once thinking about him and he was an equal opportunity to do or he was doing everybody. Guys, girls, something between Gophane, yeah? Well, he's the god. He's right, he spread it around. He spread the wealth of the fat around. Johnny Carson 104, Jackie Wiesson 68, Carolo Conner 67, Jerry Seinfeld 65, man. For justice, we go to Corleoni. David Letterman 48, Bill Shattner 43, Phil Hartman 35. You know, I gotta play that. We don't have a lot of fits to shame, because this is, I like this topic. I don't even know what tell it's not because we got good by Chris Farley, I might have to play that. We did put him on there, right? Yes, we did. That was my vote. And then we got it. Everybody knows that it's LA. They let brothers walk every day. Another last of her side, thanks to your psychobit, why? Who had a stupid face like you? I knew radio was a main show except that you were there. I'm the power to show the sisters' flaws. There was a more that is your life or that lasted long, but you left you no choice. Good bye, Troy. They've flown. That you made a trumpet. I'm so filled with that guy, I'm sorry that I've murdered her mom. I'm so good. And hardly I just blew your head off. Now, my nose has kept it for it all. She's dead anyway. I'm sadder day, not I'm falling for love in the case since that's the reason you left anyway. I'm upset that you died because of your psychotic wife. We're happy to be named like Chris. And the sisters will never be the same again. Hey, baby. I was an ass said. How we were falling? Yeah, dump that? Yep. I'm sure you did too. I did, but goodbye to the heart, man. Anyway. Well, just remember next time I go to play. We're not the fuck. Oh, God. We can't say anything normal, man. It's your America. I don't want any part of it. I just take the check thank you and that's about it. Well, speaking TV, we don't want to put a monitor because you and I, we could put a monitor. How much on Stuart? Yeah. Right. And what about Dave Schappelle? There you go. Okay. Get a monitor, please. And why you're getting a monitor? Dave Schappelle says the new interview that he had several reasons for walking away from his cult faith, Schappelle show and deal with more than 50 million bucks. 50 million. Is this anything to leave the comedy central series last May left fans and industry executives to question his motives and his sanity? But in a ten page spread in the Esquire magazine, he says he closed the Schappelle for reasons cultural, professional and personal. Culturally, the bottom line was why people don't have anything and working a black person go and be himself or say something that's familiar to him and not have to explain or apologize professionally. I felt like I was really pressured to settle for something I didn't necessarily feel like I won. And personally, the thing about show business is that in a way that forces dysfunctional relationships in people, he says. Schappelle tells the magazine that putting on Schappelle was the best TV experience he ever had. He plans to continue telling Joe's entertainment audience he says, so long as he can retain it to be a personal and creative freedom. He or like it. He don't want. Okay. 50 million. He'll want. We'll take it. And maybe that'll pay for the money we're going to lose in a Marlins' season. Speaking of your Florida Marlins, your one and six Marlins off to a fantastic start. They try to salvage one game against the Padre's today. This is the third in the final game. It would be the rubber game. It's a one-one but it's not the rubber game. It's the final game. Number three game set. What I said to you, you go five raised with uniforms that even little liggers wouldn't wear. And that's pregame of 12-thirty. It's only 35 minutes away, Josh, and a game time of 105. Would they van boring and a Rossi Foxy? I would be surprised if Rossi Foxy shows up filling for hang to Marlins. They're still confamulating and debating about that. 812 already. That was our gold by 1230. We already got 812. I do like that. You wanted to lie? Why? Carol Connor, Carol Connor people put us over the top. In fact, Carol, Connor, has surpassed Jackie Gleason. How do you like that? He after over his big fat body. For a dead guy, Carol's really moving fast. Johnny Carson 104, Carol Connor 70, Jackie Gleason 60, and I want you to sound the price about that. Well Jackie Gleason's great. Yeah. And so, was Carol Connor? Yeah, but I, well, it's just my problem. Let me ask you something. How many honey miners are Jackie Gleason shows that you ever seen your life? I actually used to watch the Jackie Gleason show my grandpa when I was a kid. You wouldn't know Audrey Meadows from the Meadows in the Pittsburgh from the Race Track. You wouldn't know a Dave Pologne from the Ampern. Come on, you better get with him. You wouldn't know Brian Sears from Sears in Robo. This is Neil Roger. No, this is called John Paul Williams. And if he asked me, he only think more fun than playing Radass with a Swiss guy is the Neil Roger's 12 to one hour. Oh, yeah, that's the Congress. To join me in passing new immigration laws that will match willing for workers with willing American employers. With no Americans can be found to kill Jones. My name is Juan. I come from Mexico. I walk online under the moonlight glow. I close football the hands. He easily tell me to get a job that's being me because of President. He wants it by let's see. So they get so that Juan don't work for me. Oh, go off, love him. Juan, I made a champ. Oh, I don't know what my job will be. I hope you pay more than a pistol. Watch my way to then. Watch my way to Ben. Hello, Juan. Man, we're all you 20 minutes away from that free game show in the Marlins. I'm waiting for half an hour. What do you say? I love that. What you like that? Yes, you're watching. I'm ready to go on and buddy. The all thankers, Jordan, bears me to do an answer to that tribute to Thin Lizzie. Remember the one I used to play? Yeah. What do you laugh at about? There was nothing wrong with it. They're all gone. That's not the original one. I don't like that. That's not the same thing to me. It was fine. What do you like Thin Lizzie anyway? They're probably really like that song. It's wrong with that. I was wrong with you, man. When you start when it's beginning of a any kind of a sports season. If you're like a real a real guy like me, you know, a macho guy. I love it. Anyway, speaking of that, how much of game must be in turn? So I'll be to take their families to the annual White House Easter Egg rule. Thin is start lining up tomorrow evening to make sure they get tickets for the money event. I wouldn't miss that. And. Oh, I'm going to skip through all this other crap. Thousands of tickets and estimated 16,000 last year given when the first come first or basis beginning 730 and said, you're going to be lined up tomorrow night. I'm good Friday. Well, let's see, it's good Friday like all day or like a end of sundown. I like the due holidays. Like, pace off. Oh, no. It ends. You don't know. You're a fallen cat. Like, what do you know? The egg roll has been a Washington Tradition since mid 19th century children use spoons to push colored eggs to the grass and erase. Past events have included petting zoos and White House staff members and bunny costumes. Now, here's the part that I get real nervous about. The president sometimes makes a brief appearance and the first lady often reads a story. The White House has announced plans for this year. Let me just, here's a little heads up for all you people got to be in the East Red World. If the president starts reading my pet coat, I'd make a run for it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Not a good sign if he starts reading my pet coat to the kids. You know, that's that part in Fahrenheit nine a little. He's sitting there like and his eyes are his TV eyes are rolling around like that. That's it. And you'll notice that who now was the presser to the bulldog guy that the the the government of that uh... You're fairy. Oh, what though would you know? I came to give his name now. I'm a side out of mind. I want to proceed to Scott McFell. I don't want to talk to him. I do, but I don't. And he, and well first it was Carl Roe. Wasn't a Carl Roe that was written as here or was it that was not? Who knows? Oh, Andy Carter. I'm sorry, Andy Carter. Who just left? But they just leave him there. He just sitting there. I wouldn't you think that just from a security standpoint, the country's other attack wouldn't you think they would whisk his ass out of there and like take him to places safety just wouldn't that be common sense the uh... yeah secret service. Which also by the way SS secret service. A lot of SS going on America these days. Anybody with a big belt buckle that says SS on it or God is new to wounds comes to your house knocking on the door. I go in the basement even if you don't have one. What you probably don't. What the hell with every flight sure I'm sorry. Excuse me. I'm so sorry. I'll decide out of mind. Hey, Eric. You fair rhymes with. Now, you know, it's how they're debunking all those religious crap like the thing about prayer. Remember that's so we had about two weeks ago that people keep calling and I would just see that. Yeah, we saw it. We had on our website. Now, here's another one. Sounds like it sounds like one of those secular humanists plots to me. Near death experiences have a biological explanation rather than a spiritual one. You know, you, I'm sure you so many times you need stories especially in the tab was all well they were on the other side but they came back and they can tell us, you know, all about the light on the other side and having a view for them. Yeah, my favorite is I died for a second and I saw the light. Right. It's funny to me because I've been knocked out before for certain reasons. You see the light? No, no, you see, you see, you see, that's what happens and people mistake that. Where do you know, something? No, there's something I fell and I'm still in a few years ago and broke that balloon in my hand. I went white, didn't it? No, no. When I was on the tram going back to the apartment, listen to me. Okay. When I was on the tram because I was dizzy the whole time back and it just before I got off the tram, everything went white. That's right. That was Jesus. Was that Jesus? Well, that proves that all these, you know, Dark folks who wanted to believe Jesus was blind. Guess what? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We seen him. He was white. He was as what as a ghost as a matter of fact. The ghost of Jesus nonsense. Anyway, near death experiences have a biological explanation rather than a spiritual one research says the U.S. teams have the same parts of the brain interacted with when people dream as a near death experience. The study in neurology compared 55 people who had had near death experiences, 55 who would not. Those with near death experiences were more likely to have less clearly separated boundaries between sleeping and waking the scientists found. People who had near death experiences commonly before being surrounded by bright life or gazing down on themselves and operating theater. Many of these sensations are also common to experiences of being in the dream state or rapid eye movement, REM. They are EM. You're fairy. Stages are slated to research you said. Near death experiences were defined by the University of Kentucky researchers as a time during a life-threading episode when a person out of a goes and out of body experience, a new dual alertness or season intense light or feels a great sense of peace. They found 60% of those who reported such experiences said they'd experience the REM state of sleep during periods of weightfulness. Only a core of those who had not near death experiences said they experienced this REM intrusion. Examples of this include waking up and feeling unable to move, having sudden muscle weakness in the legs and hearing sounds as before falling asleep or waking up that others don't hear. What is it? Waking up that others don't hear? What does that mean? I don't know. Study, I want just reading what it says. I didn't write it. It's on the BBC and these people these birds supposedly know their crap. Study often Professor Kevin Nelson of the University of Kentucky, Lexington, and Leather Studies said the findings suggest that REM state intrusion contributed near death experiences. He told the Daily Telled Raph, I see this in activation of certain brain regions that are also active during the dream state, however, I hesitate to call it dreaming or dreaming while awake. This is the first testable hypotheses of a biological basis for these experiences. In other words, all that hoax is pocus and I was on the other side and I was in heaven, I was in hell, I was just bright light and all the other crap. In meantime, we're playing like what tells that song that video about REM that I love? Oh, George, which original life? Is it that popular? Well, was there a few years ago? I mean, everybody hurts as one or losing my religion. No, not losing my, my no, REM. Wait, wait, wait. Give me like a a primer on REM. You better get with it, Mr. I know my queens. All right. Then figure it out. No, no, the imitation of life. Okay. Did you like that video? I thought that video was really neat. REM's good. They are great. A little on the side. But that's not something wrong with that. Is your buddy, Sonfeld, what's that? Oh, geez. Who's your all-time favorite team? He's slow, but if we got a good hospital and here, see you didn't think so. We got 834 and we need some more or not. We'll have that 1000 by 2 o'clock easy. In fact, Josh is going to sit around there and check it every few minutes. Or not. Johnny Carson 105, they can't touch Johnny. Here's Johnny. You know, he, he was really looking pretty bad there towards the last couple of years and you see those photos and him. You know, like, yeah, looking pretty bad. And he kept seeing. I'm dying out of the house. Here are the counters 70, Jackie, Greece in 69. Oh, look at the way those two. Oh, and very tight. Jerry, Sonfeld 66. You got three people four votes apart. Two of them dead. Even a dead few. This is like one John Ascroff, when President and Missouri and lost to the dead guy. Two dead people, beaten Jerry Seinfeld. Three dead people, beaten them. David Letterman 49, Bill Schatter 45. We like him because he's a who he's could become a real clown, you know. Kind of like our GM. He's a clown. He's not to easily like him or at least the trekkies. He's certainly can't believe it. Bill Schatter, although Bill Schatter was like a Shakespearean activity. No, that good Canadian boy. I did, yeah. He was a Shakespearean actor and he was on medic in early days of TV with Richard Boone from Paladin and then all of a sudden he was like on that start rick. Phil Hartman 36, even after we played the well, probably because the dump probably was not most of it out. Wow, it's just that they have to be getting. Yeah, it's just something about holes. I can't say which letter. Lucy, a ball. I love Lucy 33. Lucy and James Garner knocked me right out. It's got a third man. It's shocking. It's in embarrassing. Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not servicing or the top." I'm not an mounted guy. I can't say it's A question that they both know about and I said, You Ba-da-bye god, hello. YouÑMoero. I know everything that's going on in casual. Why aren't you? But you're not a good morning Alright Nicholas, dai o-do Success into what's that money? Your fuck's up? Whoip it up? You swore when I say you'd pay for the cash I know I ain't nowhere spoiling it The wind and a drop high boys must pay You silly wennoo Boins at what? You soaked me Go back You know, it's too bad Geldi didn't invite me to lunch while he was here for the game of the night because I could have been seen if all was black and blue marks he healed up yet But maybe just want to hide it. What do we just do cheap? Or maybe just hates me like poison whatever. Favorite all-time TV personality man this is tight. Johnny Kerson, who could touch Johnny Kerson? 107. But Carol O'Connor 73, Jackie Gleason 70 and Jerry Seinfeld 68. And again, see you're getting confused. The pull isn't what's your favorite show or what was the best show? The question is who is your favorite all-time TV? Not necessarily the best, the most talented, the greatest, the faddest, whatever. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Who is your favorite? And that's a matter of opinion, subjective. You know, just because some people have bad taste and motive for Seinfeld. I mean nothing's perfect. Seinfeld 68, David Luttman 49 is pretty steep drop. Bill Shattner 46, only read the double digits because we're short on 10, we only got 13 minutes to the modeling game. As a matter of fact, I just disajoke. Bill Shattner 46, Lucille Ball 36, Lucille Ball 36. Lucille Ball 36, Lucille Ball 36, Lucille Ball 36. He was a genius though, got ahead of him. He still dead, both of them are dead. And you're who else's dead? Fred Merch's and then Ethal. Now, there is this show. All of the canis members are dead. All of them, main ones. You know, I love Lucille. Vivienne Vans, in your pants. A wiggum frolley, he was also on my three sons. He was the first grandfibre, even any croquet, some nerve. some nerve. You have some nerve. Phil Hartman 36 was also croaked, James Garner 31, who I took his still alive. Bob knew hard 23 boy. Bob knew how it used to be funny about 100 years ago. Steve Allen 20 should be much hired in that. Even though we lost all our respect for him, I had become an old-fubby buddy. Barbara Eden 20, Chris Carly 18, 16, and he Griffith 16, still alive. And you know what? He looked a bad for 110. He was like, I think we'd Larry King a couple of weeks ago and look at almost human. Aren't you shocked? Yes. Now, who would you rather have still alive? Al Lewis Grand Power or Andy Griffith? My Grand Power, at least was good for some yucks. Allen all the 16, Elizabeth Montgomery 14, Howard Co. Cell 14, despised hated by Dave Johnson. It's been a Dave Johnson, and so I let's set him on the way from Derby Day from our right yearly of oh boy. I've said it about that or what? The third bread racing. Carol Burnett 14, Michael Zay Fox 13, Michael Zay Fox. Oh man, how about Jose Jimenez? Sherman Hemmsey, aka George Griffith. I've got Pupi Compo 13, I've got Dave Garaway in the Chimp. Jack Benny 11 and Paul Lindell, everybody else single digits, including Bill Cosby with nine and Uncle Milton's only got eight. That's Michael Zay Fox is a little shaky. How? Yeah. How can you vote for a guy that dressed up in drag like our homilthy? At least speaking of a drag at least 65,000 Iraqis have fled their homies as a result of snorkeling and intimidation, according to new figures from the Iraqi government. And the rate at which Iraqis are being displaced is increasing. Things are going well. Oh, we're fine. I rack since our illegal invasion. Since we decided to destroy their country. Figures given to the BBC by the Ministry for Deplacement and Migration Troy doubling two weeks of the number of Iraqis forced to move. There's been a sharp rise in sectarian violence since the bombing of that important shear shrine in February. Some of the intimidation is being carried out by mobile phone. People are leaving their homes because of violence or intimidation just because they don't feel safe no more. People have been receiving threatening text messages and gruesome videos filled by mobile phone cameras. In one of the Masonier racky man who entered a mainly shear neighborhood of Baghdad is being seen being beaten and killed by men and black clothes. The video was instant out with a warning that this is what would have any other sooner came to this area. The Iraqi Ministry for Displacement and Migration told the BBC almost 11,000 families left their homes. It equivalent to about 65,000 people based on the Iraqi family size. That's too many. There would be like six people of family, mommy, daddy, and maybe who knows. And four kids too many. One thing about them, schmathe, it's man. He reproduced like rats. Much of this displacement is taking place in and around Baghdad where the violence has been worse with many people moving in with relatives and friends. You know how the media is doing in February. John talking about this. No. And if you're talking about the chick from a robo, what was the one they were all whipped up about yesterday? I figured we made some mention of it. That was supposed to be all creased about. I forgot what it is already. Yesterday? Last couple of days. They had long gone. And last week it was that kid on the, you know, that was a horning himself on the internet. Yeah. Everybody think had some other story that basically most people shouldn't give a damn about. But we, you know, the media uses it to like cover up all real stuff like this. Like this poor lady who died yesterday at Disney World. 49 year old woman died Wednesday. They have to be coming after writing mission space at Walt Disney World. The second death in less than a year, it really did the aircraft ride so intense that it has motion sickness bags and several writers have been treated for chest pain. How do you like that? You know who I've blamed for it? Who's that? I swear. The woman became ill after writing the rocket ship ride. Two of the have known was the trans. Of course, you also have I mean, planes have motion sickness bags too, right? Yeah. Bar bag. Right. Bar a pew bag. The woman became ill after writing the rocket ship ride. Two of the have known was transported to celebration hospital. Celebration hospital. Vova Zara were her condition worsened the and she died. Disney spokeswoman came pretty sick in a statement. The woman's identity home town were in the media released in 20th of a initial information released last night. spokeswoman for the hospital said no one told about the one was available, but she is dead. We close the attraction to reconfirmed proper operation of the ride. Disney official told statements, factors yesterday. The woman fell dizzy and nauseated after getting off the ride. Kind of like after hearing the crow on the air. And may have suffered a lot of pressure other health problems. Oh, yeah, she probably was sick and I'm couldn't possibly be that. And speaking of something that will make you sick. Hall of flame were quite a very jackass. Reggie Jackson said he's the first Marlon's owner Jeffrey Loria about purchasing a port of the team. Loria says, uh, no interest. Jackson has been investment partners of failed in several times. The body teams included Oakland A's last year. Jackson said the group would be interested in owning either minority or majority interest in the Marlon's and is broke the issue to Loria in the past about trying to do something if anything ever rose. I know Jeff, I feel a good relationship. Reggie said Jackson, the port Local failures right here at the police station. Very few rappers walked off the floor of the mall so they did 17th. And now there's a young actress for intelnie Cette www. ë©”ittenol Information brand according to mystery says he wants to take ì—„ì²­ Type of the year. The Korean character The British King Frank RudÎ¹ÎºÎ® Brown appe She's the only one that's usually going to kill two of her. The sweet boys and girls, she's the only one that's usually going to kill two of her. Oh, you're not my ass! The distance is what you find, the truth is the truth is the devil's eye. The truth is the magic of your magic, the magic of your magic. I've got to hide you past the full of tears in the sea. And those tiny suckers protruding in gosh possible, You'll only need us a sweet girl who can't listen to your voice, and give you all the other way. To trust me, are businesses becoming more and faster, have to dance, say them, between our loyal feds, other side to His back to claim a Thief, and the faithful lovers my son. The truth is the magic of your magic. You say to me, God, say to you, show me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me, God, say to me no matter what you say, don't tell me that in your life, let me go, let others drown, and leave after me, don't lie to others, don't worry about me, you go, let others enæ€§ to you You're right what you're afraid of you don't lie at you what you're afraid of is no That's Marlon's 3 games coming up next. Tomorrow's the pod rain be there or get a chance. He's gonna come here and house him. Quiet in your doorstep for a week. Mad dog from the sofa. King's after the game. That's the sofa. Oh, what the f*** out. King's. Yes, who's just got sped today. The wilder boy set up for the win. How far's the 80L-560? That's the new TV games. I had a good boy with water today.