The music's best of previous programs are those of the host, guests and co-workers. And you're not referred to those of the busy Grand Test Group. I must admit there's a lot of things in my... There are a lot of the biggest names of the best talent. Let's see a lesson you ask for you with the opportunity, man. You're right. You're right. You're a boarder. You're a boarder. You're a super-classist. You're a lesson.umbs up now. No sign of the name of God, but I can't lose to you from the rest of my life. We both remember well now, but it's sitting around me. And stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and stick and I'm going to show you if there was a god I mean we'd look at the draw be well you were lucky enough to be born into a very wealthy family or into royal dearest stuff like that so you're going to be a billionaire and live the life of a rally while some poor slipper is born into a family of you know street people right right like us like you like I said of a boat people at all you frank sea mars what I'm not saying it's like wildly interesting or fabulous stuff to know but it sure some interesting and some of these stupid log games or I shouldn't have said that that was that was just respectful to be saying that is it but and of course as far as we got the opening and closing tip and rewind bimbo calls I'm QM did I was going to be some compelling crap and in between that while the actual heat came is going on we got major on air the Craig Mishmash show so we got seven hundred five votes on the days pool thanks to George screwing up so I thought I could count on you for that I stuff and I obviously can't don't know so I was what I'm Wednesday and I certainly won't be able to change the pool I guess we'll have to count on Josh quarters to a little backup no problem to check up on you and make sure that you have a very minor task done it's not like we're requesting some kind of a major idea computer yeah take a look at the button man click of a mouse I think it was passed out in the gutter about five yeah that could be it a christ campaigned vise has had privately the governor jav bush fully understood republican governor Charlie gay christ reluctance to campaign with his brother president bush and friends to koli yesterday but that the white house was insistent that he come anyway which he did not he did not he didn't show source governor bush understood but he's not pleased he's peeled and fired up a top a democrat Jim Davis described christ decision not to appear with bushes a political one based on the prison soul program he's because of the war back by the way bush is appropriating his back down to 35% it's back down to rock rock bottom if we had a picture Charlie in the present together they would get that picture everywhere said they're not going to give us that picture Davis said or his aid his ass system so there you go it's election day the polls are open all seven clock tonight let's make up some early returns we got about thirty minutes he goes counted they're all for us and a measure here's the poor result from my yesterday wait a minute this isn't the right poll oh gee I screw up let me let me look at view previous you know I did that I printed out the previous because I thought it would be the one from yesterday and then then I realized after that you hadn't changed the podium sorry how important are today's elections too that was yesterday's school just what he what is with the music what is with a freaking music 1824 votes how important today's election the you very important eight hundred and seventy moving important tante see there we go again paddling was for our no speaking of a scrap your people life in debt 364 so many important 234 not at all 104 what me worry 89 and all those people are got big years in a demarcana post just like your prison not much 80 I just let's see I hate this poll 17 I just hate 66 you see how I chopped that up I dissected it so we can like examine that and see that it's only 0.9 percent that's like a number from the station across the street and a number from September from our morning show 0.9 I hate this poll 17 and I just hate 66 I like that choice that was yesterday's poll and I want about today's see you through me right off the whole deal here how confident are you that all votes will be counted honestly today what are you chuckling about skeptic yeah nine at all 262 that's what I voted not very not very confident 253 somewhat 120 like maybe very confident 46 I don't give it to me 24 I'm a hundred percent sure 12 right and I hate this poll only four only half a half a point half one percent hate the poll and that's a positive extra audience is really into this craft manner and they're hanging on every they've already gone out and done their due to the voted absentee or they voted early voting or they voted today or already there is Mary Mary Madeline phony right wing bitch Mary 2 a ball to the James Carville Virginia is a 50 what is you know for now and I know yeah the beat but what is the answer to the heat came how about those leaves huh back to the philly's last night for the one the philly's the flaggers whatever their name is a company by a final wave of campaigning south of the polling places generally open on time without sweeping problems this morning there were few inevitable which is reported in power counting photos of two precincts experience brief delays because of electronic balance we're delivered to the wrong places will shame on you people electronic cartridges program for precincts at the lower neolace york club at 2637 whale harbourlinin for a lot of deal where it was only a swap with valestice and for the and you the graph rionite to grab for the graph and write community center at 2750 north west 19 street election what the hell is that and you the graph and write who the hell was that workers quickly corrected the problem by 726 this morning a computer gen we had map of the broad emergency operation center in plantation show all 776 precincts up and running they're doing it in which is good because everybody in power is a democratic so for a few redness they're staff in the precincts and they can handle voters to provide supervisor elections bring the snipes no significant problems reported in the county where there's like six democrats in the in the can out yet all the precincts are all things to be seems to be just fine well we're fine that's what Dan Stewart said too and what happened to him I I still don't believe he's dead what do you die from I don't know loneliness to deal with glitches you see that was payback it goes to show you man the Lord gets really peeled when he tried to out the what's his name from the young in the horny with what he's out tomorrow Josh Moore I can't believe you know that how do you know that white watch is that show oh that's a bad show he's old and has a beard now I know I know what he looks like I see I do a little channel surfing every now and he's still is pretty good to me I'll let's much better with his clothes off there are some people you understand about sex is who look better the more closely take off the better they look like you'll notice um in uh what's the movie I'm sending you match point that's the case both of your girlfriend Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Reesmeyer's the more closely takes off the better we look and you're gonna say boy he looks awfully but then again keep in mind he's British and all British men look gay the key alley I'm just telling you that they're all fade of brits they all are like a lot of hard you with that except for Weinstein Churchill and that's because he was old and fatten boozed it up all the time at a big fat stowian is for you know it's hard to look gay when you're old and fat with a big stowie although I managed to do it to deal with which is early the county this is date activated to 6000 voting machines at all 749 pre-syncs last night by the time of 6500 pull workers arrived this morning machines were I'm not ready to go and probably had thousands of funny hosts in there already just getting folks well I got it you got a test amount right right how else are you gonna make sure that they're working right unless you test amounts for a few it's democracy and action I hope people come out and take a man's vote they'd manage your George Burgess said I wonder if he's came to smokey Burgess or Tommy Burgess used to play for the Rochester Redwells still one potential complication see that's old stuff again there he goes with the old stuff I'm gonna call myself every time because you won't do it because you're just stuck out because it's almost your birthday you don't want to screw up that check you might have a point I guess I'll be sending both checks along for your birthday one for Josh one for you hey have to birthday Josh of course Josh comes out of your birthday oh geez election supervisors expect a low-to-moderate turnout for the midterm election how is that possible I don't get it how can people not be pissed off man how can they not be pissed off state what about 50% of all registered voters expected to work since a fundamental right now but you're living in the democracy participating in an election in South Florida election official for the 50 to 60% turnout Josh court is his devoted and we're gonna whiff his answer I were so pissed off about it we're gonna out his room made on a year today the one who sleeps in the same well not in the same bed but like you know right kitty corner they're twin beds in a real post we show this which I said and that what you said no you can frankly like reach out and grab his hand yeah his hand his hand his hand his glad hand his now an expression came from ran and glad hand anyway here's that quickly the pull we got going today already did that 746 yeah my hand of myself and that's cause you threw me off by not changing the pull you lunatic I think it's a conspiracy by who's sorry I think he's trying to take over 50 years that's why you're the only one who's the only Rogers for Shredio 560 who those nip with their corporate Texas they voted this morning but that's your present in his life back in the day where someone done a strong we didn't take their grand bro harbor when the jams dropped their box we followed them back and now the Saudis they hit a sign and on our cards our little flat sweet oh right that's on you love and retired voice of honors the wrong way I'm tired of the hands and other barriers to be in America where they find locals like she you died in states of our guns and by board tennis and these green they got this country happening towards the Bargain States and I just feel free I don't want to be a packs of America you were saying what's up you thousand innocent lives stop living in the past if you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas if it's the greatest country it's in the world they train us to and anyone who says that obviously and so for to be and about a terrorist to be in America where we take free off of it please wave a flag in one has with our head in the sand and finally follow the powers that we have a tent and I'm watching states from you who's on a 65th street a stretcher five everything okay you say seven hundred and seventy three votes on the floor probably about a hundred to 200 short at least because of fact the judge messed up bad yesterday like a real dumbass but that's okay because you know what's a lot of jage anyway slew of late polls still pointing to democrat against in the days election but looking to that and then I have too much more important things to pass along first how do I get started on this is because Josh talked me to check in at Flandm website again that's what it will you's all the ones to croak why you rock to do in a enjoys yes I was satisfied with that good there's nothing like a good choice in the morning let me tell like the lockness monster the deep fried mars bars off my regarded as a Scottish myth have you ever heard of a deep fried mars bar uh fried snickers bar but I guess you could fry mars bar sure or not a study published not see the date on this is December 17 2004 a study post in a medical journal confirms that scots costume a consume say scots have funny costumes scots consume thousands of batter bars each week batter bars ever to batter women these are batter bars kick it around and smash the brus than a fifth of chip fish and chip shops with specializing deep fried food sell the strange sugary delicacy all those brits that must be why they act like they ain't got no schmits the brits they are just the craft that they eat is just amazing the study was conducted by Dr. David Morrison a consultant public health medicine in Glasgow and Dr. Mark Petickru associate director Blancco's medical research that they conducted a study on this they've decided to investigate after the treat was mentioned by TV host Jay Leno on a NBC tonight show all while I would you get me to try it well actually it wasn't because I would never be watching that show ever under any circumstances under penalty of death we live in Scotland but we never actually seen deep fried mars bars for sales said Morrison we thought they might be fictitious but the Scottish diet is a major health issue and it's important to know what the facts are we cannot confirm there is no doubt the deep fried mars bar is not just an urban myth it's not just an urban legend with a without your lead oh and more than 400 calories per bar the uh... something uh... is not helpful but then again Scotland is noted for health their lifestyle especially when you walk around after would at the skirt on you know nothing underneath parts of Scotland have the highest incidence of heart disease cancer and strokes in the lowest life expectancy in the developed world thank god honey of i that did you ever know that the scots are extraordinarily unhealthy did you know that the stick you're a student that the boy is not a free Morrison and pentacru who was reported pairs in the Lancet medical journal called nearly 500 chip shops across Scotland require what they sold the bars and discovered that 22% of proud of offered and another 17% have done so in the past and proud of offered them how much of our bears to offer them one chapter for the selling up to 200 these things a week children are the main consumer some shops reported being asked to be fried other candy bars including sneakers which somebody does certainly moments ago and can't release cream eggs all i wonder if he's to bunny approves of that or not i wonder what Jesus would think what would Jesus be fry is that what that stands for w w j d what would Jesus be fry probably uh camera reports of the deep fried bars bars emerged in 95 on a chip shop in the north eastern scotters fitting fishing town stone haven't said it was selling the delicacy news reports said the bar was the result of a bit between the shop son and his partly best friend the original shop that even is now the car on fish and chip up hookers we have to have a crap frying uh deep fried anything is bad enough for you and not deep frying an instrument to be for death like we had this order chop it is thought of as chupin help for now one company says new line of candy bars can help the hard to indifferent way promoting hard out this is from November 1st of last year the headline is mar is new candy is hard healthy and i i don't know that i've ever seen this maybe i've seen an existing nor did cause i didn't know what it was a die tition says that we guardless of any potential benefits the calories and chocolates still need to be counted and if you're diabetic like me and you eat and can't in ice cream you have a death wish you're crazy person and i admit i'm a crazy person mar is saying says it's new belongs cocoa via have you ever seen that milk delivers real health benefits cocoa via the company says cocoa via his ingredients are formulated for more a healthy heart cocoa via the only product contains a patented blend of hard healthy cocoa flavonoids and cholesterol lowering plant sterols wow also fortified with calcium and a mix of heart healthy new twins including for a cast in vitamins v6 b12 c a and the button discre all of these uh... all of these still elisa's eye at a registered deticians spokesperson for the american detic association caution and calories are still calories and need to be watched a lot of them is i'm putting them on my mom i'm watching very closely the company says you have to have about two of these bars and eighty benefits you told early show co-anchor hairy smith all of this is old battle pack on anywhere between hundred and sixty and twenty calories to get the phoenix and other benefits that's a lot of calories from candy i'm gonna go out to my neighborhood convenience store here during the break yourself you back in about twenty minutes so do it dark chocolate's i said as twice as much leave it all content as i thought that and white chocolate's got no flapping all and white chocolate first of all tastes like crap it's sickeningly sweet and it's got no benefits other than that my you like white chocolate no it's not a fact i was in the home wind candy last night and i unwrap what i thought was chocolate was white chocolate oh i threw it in the garden the problem is chocolate's are concentrated source of calories the typical bars got about to well i'm gonna care about that okay when you rather be healthy or fat one more thing in chocolate's favorite the fat and it doesn't contribute to high cholesterol has a pretty good fat profile doesn't have an adverse impact on blood cholesterol again though jamban has to order some as a lends some of that almond butter cruncher whatever it was that's not what it's called whatever it's called oh man i'm just addicted that stuff so bad don't do it the butter crisp or whatever it is like coffee would chocolate on it anyway his side stresses moderation saying small amounts of chocolate or anything fine it's when you eat chocolate and concert with other foods that are loaded with sugar your start to have a problem of calories adding up so in other words have two feet probably chocolate just a meeting like ice cream with it although if it's chocolate ice cream like fish food hmm i would say the average person should have more than 250 more extra calories of candies desserts instead of a day's eyes said and the average candy bars about 250 so in other words if you ever can't a candy bar a day will keep the doctor away giving good health make your heart just trob can you feel a trob and how about your heart so there you go i won't want to let it up that's your fault don't let me try it on this candy crap last week you got a letter when at all time candy with your merry jane baby you got that merry jane of session everybody in your audience knows that right i'm addicted to candy and you're addicted to freaking uh merry jane just addicted to what freaking yeah oh yeah it's old freaking watching me a freaking this and freaking that and freaking freaking yeah well i tell you you talk about mazzle some people got it some people don't i listen to the news for years and years nine i was ready yeah you're ready you're ready for the looney been honey eight hundred and seven votes on there i think we'll get to the thousand what do you think Josh you think we're going to make a thousand spread of George being a dumb man yeah that's what the Josh said when you went out to a do a joy she said you were dumb man it's all true and by the way Hank ain't gonna be calling mad dog a dumb man it's just because mad dog missed his flight yesterday was none here we had yolty squeaking to the uncle sower well let me just tell you i would thought about it for about four seconds if Hank calls anybody a dumb man's looking at what they're gonna call him what's that fat ass i'm serious i'm very concerned about him i know i said this before but i don't think he's ever been this huge has he ever been this big now you see him you know every known him yeah you know you know we've known him for a long time hey has he ever been as big as he is right now i mean guard gansu and i i don't think so on that racing show on Saturday on the breeders cup he just filled up the entire screen there were horses that didn't weigh as much as he had i'm sure of it not that i'm not taking on anything like that i just i'm i'm hoping i just maybe the psychology just just embarrassing and put the and of course like he always brings him but he doesn't have any food and how see it's all his meals and restaurants you know what that's a rest of me for oh yeah yeah the biggest name so the best challenge to the business we all brought for video 560s you hey you're right i guess oh just another day just another day which would and i wanted to tell you one of the most evil people in the history of mankind is Ben Ginsberg if you are you watching MSNBC right now okay yes you know who he is that uh no right wing self-hating duo with a red beard and a glasses and a BDIs who looks like he's gonna watch he'll sell so many pretty soon oh no thank you you know what even the words and the bosses of drutch the workers all losers the copy of the system work today don't get your race get up and work in the streets there's no crowd the traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still up the end will wreck with a church bus and the nuns are bleeding from their ears oh just another day oh right it's just another day just nothing which would and again hope for work in the houses of the sassar the kids are all screaming and the garbage needs to be taken out there's no men's the long and definitely not yours so you start drinking early to forget all your problems it's soon your plastic gold up in the bowl while the men's room is doing 360s around you to and a big chunk lands in your hair oh it's just another day it's just another day oh it's you're there so you're lost in confusion you stumble about wondering why you were born in such a thinking hell all that you call life so you look for your gun and your home is still molding you aim it at your head and you slowly pull the trigger and alright well we're sure mr Lewis intensive in fact we're going to be all these intensive today good because it's election day I'd like a holiday okay and of course election day ought to be a holiday you've been debating this for a long time right but we got important holidays you know a Columbus day and other than a super day yeah our birthday and my ass but once something important like election day well we'll you know let's y'all for like ten minutes to go vote but there's a four-year people in line well too bad you're screwed I was reading some of the comments of people have already voted online I figured what hell I was reading but anyway I was reading them I guess I'm smoking cheap Virginia they said there were too many Republican standing online and that's of course is not a good sign if Senator McCockowitz again it would be bad but every something if he would be funny I mean he's made more mistakes than our management if that's possible more mistakes than your sales manager and yet he uh who to hell knows the New York Times reported uh that Republicans are resigned at the idea of big losses and the latest polls appear to validate those fears party leaders say the best outcome they could foresee was losing 12 seats in the house but that they're increasingly resigned losing at least 15 and therefore controlled the house Democrats for the first time since 94 Senate races have grown fluid with Democrats saying the king in up to 60s and affect control the how they send it they've grown fluid several polls released that they be pretty lucky yesterday seem to justify some of these assertions the Roth and Burnt political report producer Democratic house gain of 30 to 36 seats with a Democratic Senate gain of 4 to 7 seats Virginia and Robert Allen those are going to be my end of Montana those of three I keep in my fly open for now Missouri it looks like uh McCanns goes he's open up a about four point lead because Jim Talon who doesn't have any stuck like a 45 percent Gallaudest final pre-election Pulper dear selectly 35 seat house pick up a Democrats via the Coppola-to-report Charlie Croft said it's very hard to imagine how the house majority does not turn over as you've been to say 25 to 35 state gain for see I just don't understand why this is even debatable what's going on what's going on also Charlie Croft says a four to 60 game for Democrats in the Senate and a 60 18 game for Democrats and the governor's races I think Charlie Croft those gonna win a Florida because we have to have a gay governor hypocrite phony tasty line here 10 out of a can of interest is the latest Evans Novak political report talk about Nazi where it's estimated Democrats will gain 19 house seats it's a sign of Republicans sorry state rights the anxious obnoxious dottering Bob Novak yet at this point this is actually a very favorable outlook for them yet buried in the middle of the lengthy report is this enormous Republican efforts to ensure the National Security Voting could dramatically ski-weiss it pulled don't be surprised if the apparent results too tonight are overturned by Wednesday morning in several close house races also expect a few recounts oh maybe they're dealing with machines again mine do you think they're dealing with a machines they wouldn't do that the National Republican Regional Committee agreed to stop placing automated telephone calls to new handster residents on the federal do not call list a state official said this crack that they've been pulling here the November surprise so that's all they got left the committee voluntarily agreed Sunday to stop crawling homes on the registry after the system complained to the state attorney general's office which since spoke with the GOP group's lawyer in Washington under state statute in New Hampshire the local campaigns are a lot of contact people on the new not call list but can't use automated recordings deputy attorney general budfitch said households in an out in the registry may continue to receive the calls which criticize democratic congressional challenges your poll holds in his tight race of the Republican representative Charlie Bass bass on Sunday released a statement which he asked all outside groups to cease calls sitting was pleased at the NRCC agreed to stop the calls and the beat goes on they're all full of crap slime and smear and smear nobody's got any good ideas so that's all we can do is this one you know this one likes a playboy playmates and white chicks and this one is this and this one is that and this one did steal afraid train all the other crap and that's all I got maybe that's why there's so many people don't vote all they care about is themselves getting late and stuff like that you know and what they're going to get their next meal but they're going to have enough money to buy all those candy bars oh well two out of three about eight hundred and sixty four hosts we have already been over a thousand if you wouldn't have screwed up so it's good because then we'd have nothing to shoot for so you see if you had like a up our pre-monition what that's not that queen can Melbourne on there is a figure at how to develop an idea oh my god look at her that's about what she's opening her mouth real wide I wonder if I'm guaranteed it's not the first time let me tell you now about talking about smear and smearing your carpets to get all kinds of stuff smeared and she's smeared in there because you know you walk on them and you grind that stuff down the fire is your carpet that's why you need our good friends to drive concepts I've been using them for over twenty one years I'll like a lifetime in all my different homes and you'll have used them too because they dry clean your carpets with sucks out even the deepest down dirt way down there and the fire is your carpet that you can't see with make it eye and make your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new lemony fresh and your carpets will stay cleaner in last longer to as a result because they get all the crap out of there and your carpets dry and just a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll real soon you don't have to wait hours and hours for your carpets to dry and don't forget they do a spectacular job of cleaning your furniture your poster you draper your area of your luxury and wars all of these all of the things but the best in the world of cleaning your carpets is making them look like brand new and don't forget not brought concepts about a plan to make frequent cleaning easy at a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning too you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you use the great folks to dry concepts and please keep in mind no rip off no scans they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing this spectacular job in Broward called rock concepts at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight tell that ancient neotroned call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight and indeed and probably to the tool pre call one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seventy one the biggest name so best tell I see this is we your Roger sports radio five sixty if you you're free and pretty and beautiful and you know it'll come down to restore chaos we I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to tell you, OK, 1048 is going to give you one. We're making a list of intensive today. Are we? What do I tell you? Not a problem. OK, He never stole a free training. Call the he's his dog off the frame of the production studio. He took him back when he was done with it. of them. 880 votes on the pool today. How much space do you have in the of us being counted yety on you? There's a better chance to vote on our pool, be counted correctly, then your vote to pools. But give it a shot anyway. Dozens of voters who came to the year field beach tower club, teens center, to cast their votes this morning. Walked away angry as 10 to 14 voting votes failed to work. All of them for voters in district 23A. I have two words for them. Paper ballots said election volunteer John Miller 78 who was said he worked at area elections in the past 10 years. He said I come from the wingland and they're still using paper ballots and they have no problems. Only three people had voted when all 14 machines stopped working mine. After about 45 minutes voters in precinct 26A were able to cast ballots on four machines. But most voters in precinct 23A, robber lock until about 830 this morning when technicians brought me some machines back online, some bad machines mine. In the meantime, many would be voters left pissed off, livid it says, but I say pissed off and fired up. The problem according to Broward County supervisor elections technician Charles Barnes and others working their stem from the thick square piece of hardware called a PEB that activate each booth and must be used before each person votes. The machines were not calibrated for the 7am starting time, Barnes said, and why not somebody ought to be taken out and shot? Barnes was there at 6am and was later joined by three others from the supervisor elections office. Once in two years voting comes and on the day that a voting machine's breakdown said, it's a revised, Abdul 45 manager of a subway shop in Wellington. It's ridiculous, there's, I'm under the food there with that subway shop is a halal, anything. It's a ridiculous, there's no option for me to come back another time or a day. I was supposed to be a 9am and a morning now I can't make until 1030 said per vase. Voting experts say scattered election glitches aren't uncommon regardless of the type of system being used. Robert Walker 36 of private manager for its communications contracting company got to the point places after it opened. When he saw the problem immediately called snipe store or fist to ask for help, this is completely completely out of acceptable Walker said the woman who for me online said, okay I'm screwed now, I work for a lot of day until whatever I can't come back. One police officer Richard Fortuneado from a town in Broward County was in St. which one was being very polite but he said he didn't know he could hold out. I worked 16 hours yesterday and I had to be back another double shift at 2pm to a Fortuneado said, I'm very tired, we'll see what happens. He's very unfortunate out of its house. Outside the flowing place, cliffs your monoway train director for local union who is there and be half of the Florida AFL CIO handed out sheets with voting information. You watch people marching in happy and marching out angry, pissed off and fired up baby. Am I right or why? Absolutely, I mean, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm fired up when I hear someone say that. The last couple of hours and you're at all the horror stories people turned away, my sheans networking your monow said, you would have thought to do it a 50s problems by now. Yeah, if you were very naive, Cliff, if you were very naive, you would have thought they would have fixed them. They are in competent. They are absolutely acceptable, but nevertheless, I mean, why should anything be working on the election day? Well, they had like, you know, the whole two years to get a fixed, like Cliff said, you better start taking your Cliff notes, man. How confident are you that all those will be counted on this three today, 85 on a poll? Well, it's not a bad number considering we'll start the judge gave us. You want to give us a handy crap, a handy duty. A sparrishman. Are you picking on the hump or again just because you're a hundred dollars today? No. I couldn't actually believe it. I'm read over here. I walked in here, I took the thing on to cancel my vote and I look at, uh, I thought, well, I'll print out yesterday's poll first and then I realize yesterday's polls, the one from two days ago. Anyway, how confident are you that all of us, all look at this? Victor, so to help tell a story, we hired an actor. Originally, I switched the guy to save my, then I was in an accident. Yeah, that's right. I was in an accident. I got on the phone call, guy, co. Yeah, slow. Hey, have it going. After a few days, I had my repair check. It was fantastic. Yeah, I got the check. For co. It's been forever. It's been forever. You care, right? Gecko. Real service, real saving. Well, happy birthday, Vern. Grow up already. How confident are you all those have been counted in, not at all, 32, very skeptical and rightfully so, not very 309, not too confident. Somewhat, 153. Very confident, 55, boy, boy. I don't give a shmit. Look at that. Look how many votes that's gone. 30, 30, 30, 30. 100% sure 14. Right. I hate this pool only six. Only 26%. 6%. 6%. How can you hate a pool of adolescents on the election day, right? Kind of the votes? They hate it. They hate it. They hate it. They hate it. But we didn't find them put that on there today. You can't be hating on election day. You can't even talk about that. That'll be for the result. We hate that. We're pretty pissed off. You know, because the Republicans should have won all the seats, or Democrats should have won, or we should have kicked them all out. Or would like to think said kick them out. Or would they have a much less worse thing than put that on the side. It's started very distorted bit that he sent us. Yes. Why can't he just say dumped? Why do you do that? You know these artists you can't talk to them. Artists artists. A former leader of the Ku Klugs Klaner was serving a life sentence for the fatal bombing of a civil rights activist is died in custody after a Southern or heart attack. He was 82. Oh, right. Samuel Bowers and Imperial Wizard of the Rights and Permanence's group was convicted eight years ago for ordering the 1966 murder of her and daughter of senior, who campaigned for black rights during Mississippi State's turbulent struggle for racial equality. Mr. Domer, a champion of equal voting rights for black people died at the age of 58, after being firebomb outside of the home in the middle of the night. The attack also started as House and grocery stir being torched. Terraburthe spoke from the Mississippi Department of Corrections said that Bowers had died yesterday at 11.30 in the morning. And the Mississippi State Penitentiary in Parachman, a sprawling prison carved out of the cotton and soybean fields in the impoverished Mississippi Delta. It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud. He was supposed to stay there until he died. I guess he fulfilled that Ellie Bomer, Mr. Domer's widow said in response to his death. He lived a lot longer than Vernon Domer did. According to the court testimony from the 48 trial and 1998, the Domer family woke on the night of the murder in the sound of blaring horns outside their home, where they found two carloads of clansmen waiting outside. Not usually a very good sign. Three is better. Mr. Domer was targeted as he left the home keeping the extremist and bay with a shotgun while his family fled, but the flames destroyed his lungs and he died in his wife's arms about 12 hours later. During the trial, prosecutors claimed Bowers ordered the attack after becoming in raids. The Domer was trying to register a blast to vote. Bowers' lawyers claimed he had been sacrificed to the media in order to further declare ambitions of Mike Moore, the attorney general, at that time. Earlier, trial for Bowers, including at least two before all by jury's ended in a deadlock with case in 16, ending in a jury split 11 to 11 favor of guilty verdict while the trial year later resulted in a 10 to two split in favor condition. Bowers had a history of violence and served as six years since after being convicted in 1967. On federal conspiracy charges, violating the civil rights of three civil rights workers, a few men were stopped by clansmen while in Mississippi to register black voters during 1964. They were beaten in shot and buried in the earth in damn. While I sure hope that Carl Roe and the Ken Melmond, we've just started today, given some real good ideas about how to conduct suppress the vote in the day's election. All you dark folks are that you have ever watched it because the right way and they'll do anything they can to keep your ass home on election day. And the rest of you too. Thurn and Dhammer, Jr., some of the activists now aged 77 said that Bowers had caused a lot of pain suffering in death for many innocent individuals and families of my race. During his life he never apologized for forgiveness for his actions. Apparently he felt justified for what he did to his many victims he said. Now that he's passed from this life, God will be the judge. God will be the judge. He'll be sitting up there with his robes on like judge Judy. Naging and nudging and the beauty of these things. Did you really do the job? Naging like only a woman can do. Naging and nudging and poking and prodding. Annoying. And of course that's what Bowers have learned. 900-10 votes. So they're sending them a cockle with hoating. But because of Senator Allen once the rising star and the... Be sure Senator McCockle with where to stick to your actos dial us. Yeah. Where to stick it. Oh, they're looking at it. Let's talk about Christy Sissy. Look at the Tucker Carlicator. I'm about to wipe out and vote at that voter intimidation. Oh my God. You know, I don't think about MSNBC. I was thinking about that this morning. They got some of the most unbelievable people I've put on the moment. And here, Chris Matthews who took down the side of his mouth and talked about politics. Can't say else. You've power ticks, but he sure has loud. And you got to read you across beyond there. And then of course in the morning, they got to, you know, you're by our home. The dead man. Dead man. That's not what I'm talking about. I'll tell you one thing for a dead guy. He charged that gun pretty good. You know, he's a snap. So this challenge. If this is wheeled Roger S. For Shredio 570. You ain't a man. This is the wheel Roger. So this is the whole, this is the brain. What the hell? Any question. Amazement by stroke. I want that Oh Lord, I want that Antwort. On the chest. On the chest. Arna. It's 11 O.aria, mine who's a dumbass from a serious play yesterday, but he's back. That's what John said. He said the madhouse of dumbass. He's back, I guess, to the four today. We certainly don't want another repeat of yesterday. Oh my God, I sure missed that. Then we got the power hour with the Humphrey and the Man dog four to five and the Humphrey were so old five and seven. Seven to seven thirty we got opening tip with Bimbabwe cools before the heat game. Even though we don't care any game, which is some of the dumbest programming I've ever saw in my life. We got a niche from seven thirty to ten while the heat game is on because we're like just we're just you know advocating our responsibility therefore we're just throwing in the towel. It's like a four foot. We say that like a four foot. Yes. And then it's ten o'clock. We got heat we wind with Bimbabwe cools assuming the game is over by ten o'clock and if not we'll you know whatever. And then any K at ten thirty after we finish with a Bimbabwe. I've had you and we lost clear. I think Clarence can get us down into the ones except I'm going to show but I mean the rest of the thing you can get every day part down into the ones or less. Remember when we started seeing some numbers and actually like when the sun was shining in the middle of the ten star with a oh my goodness remember those days. I do all the good memory. Holy moly Clarence. He's like a magician. This is the only guy know that could take a five sure and turn it into a point five. What's the point Clarence? Uh. Dirt Thompson on capital hill blue rr r- uh uh uh uh comm writes a national referendum on America soul. It's short and it's sweet. This is the thing. He says now it's your turn. We be in the media or I mean we in the media be a traditional or non-traditional newer old print broadcast a web of done our job. We reported on the issues highlighted the problems that confront the country in spotlight the courseliers and now contents. We their whole rusty power. We don't all we can do now it's up to you. We've suggested as much as rational analysis should allow the fact is that couldn't perhaps determine how you might vote But in the end of the season is yours and yours alone. Our Republicans built a simple premise of majority rule, a majority of this is illiterate. A majority of those who go to the polls in most cases of determine who leads this nation at the local state and national levels, those who serve this premise must face the music every two four or six years. Now the fate of those individuals rest in your hands, but this election is about much more than just two wins or loses a seat in Congress. The state legislature, the governor's mansion, this election now more than ever is a referendum on our nation's soul, a historic opportunity to try and regain lost glory in the power of people to control our own destinies. America caught an advice be of a single party world in a stampede over our freedom's constitutional guarantees and democracy driven illusions has lifted off a course in a bermuda triangle of greed corruption lust for power. Those who directed America's decline from a great nation worthy of worldwide respect and turned us into an arrogant international bully with countless disregard for law human life and moral values should and must be held accountable, to which I would say. Absolutely. This is not a simple minded course correction as so many mintor elections become, but I've got wunching hardcore look inward at ourselves along with a bellaker and revolution that is successfully comes a first step in taking America back from those who hijacked the constitution. We, the journalist of Pundits, the bloggers, all the others who try to get beyond the partisan blander and expose the truth can only help bring America to this poor election day. This is the day when the shouting stops the negative and seats to the nominee of the arwebs and the spin machine stops rolling of only for a day. Today in firehouses, rescue squad, schools, and museums, other pouring places across this nation, you decide the future of this grand experiment called the American Democratic Republic. Good luck. He said. You should have said good luck, you'll need it. And especially as I'm seeing George and Laura walk into the plane there in Crawford, Texas, are they going to air force? One is that what is in these waven at stupid wavy? Always waves in the left. Yeah, all right, I'm finding a hand. Dumb and dumbers, this is early funny, you know? Especially not when all I'd blood on his hand. Look at the blood is just dripping right down his wrist for other suit. He's got the balance of blood all over his hands. There he goes on Air Force One. He's given the old salute, just flipped off one of the guys. 944 votes on the pool. I'm pretty proud we're going to have my new one. Have our thousands. See, and see, I have to worry about it. I know we can really all bend out of shape. Oh, do you guys screwed up you? Well, we don't care screwed up, but Josh, do you care? I really care about the total. No, I don't. I don't know you. I'm even nice totally. We got 746 friends on our, my space page. And Josh says for an old tag like me, and really old now that I had my birthday Sunday, 64 holy crap man. It's just, but you know that business about age is just a number. There are some truths of that. Hmm? Cause I don't feel a day over 63. See, I really don't. And you don't look a day over 62? How do you know? I could look 70 for all you know. I'm fighting some really tough machines man. They were wood by many days. Well, that you got your, your shaved head every time I see that guy co-comersal with Don Lafante and the announcer guy. Yeah. I think he's a little Thursday. Don Lafante and what if he's going to pat Lafante in a whisper or chin or head, he'll tell you. Here's a Walmart story. It's going to make you pissed off because you already hate them like toys with any encouragement for me. But I just like to egg you on, you know. Let's go and go egg your John or your egg George. And after this group that targets unscrupulous activity by Walmart accuses the powerful mega store of supporting key Republican candidates in the build up to Election Day. After launching a voter education campaign to attack Democratic candidates fighting for better America, Walmart is not pouring money into key races to support its anti-family anti-employee agenda. Click up Walmart dot com in a press release issue yesterday. The release listed examples from recent weeks were Walmart donated to the GOP candidates in hotly-contested races. Among them, $10,000 total of Tom Keynes, GOP candidate for US Center for New Jersey, trailing in latest polls against incumbent Democratic Senator Bob Menendez, men and Israel win by the way. $5,000 to a battle GOP represents Tom Reynolds of Buffalo in a tight-rearranged relationship against Democratic-Chentage and our giant Davis Reynolds will lose. $5,000 to Michael Steel, GOP black candidate for US Center for Maryland, battling Democratic candidate Ben Kardon, who will win. $2,500 to Mike DeWine and come to GOP Senator from Ohio, training in a reelection race against Democratic challenger, Sherri Brown, who kick his ass. The release notes that these never donations, though there's the envelopes must be downstairs a phone is ring. Aren't you excited? Hey, including that new edited bit for that bit that you just got to play in. Well, I don't really need that right now. I'll let you want me to get all dressed and go down and get it during the break. I don't really feel bad. Stay undressed. We like it that way. Am I underwars? The release notes that these never donations follow a happily at our donation by Walmart to the Republican Governor's Association in September. Walmart's last-minute contribution to Republican's proves that Walmart is not only a right win company, but supports an anti-family anti-employee agenda which shocks US jobs overseas that as workers living wage and fails to respond health care to hardworking families, said wakeuplawmark.com's campaign direction release, which is viewable in full at their website, wakeupwallmark.com. Got it? Good. Got it. How do you like that? $954.04.04. You were a word, sign law, a sign law, or sign law. I better see if that was the envelope. I better do the break like I'm in there too early. Because you never know. I might have been a check for medical demand for like 10 million, I can just not come back. If I don't come back, you'll know it was a big check. Maybe it's a birthday check from the B.C. Maybe it's like a $5 million bonus for these nine years of fantastic work I've done for that. When you think? Oh yeah, I bet. Or maybe it was just parents living a hostile message. Yeah, yeah. Like that. Yeah, maybe a crank call from servants. You think? Nope. I think he's going to snap pretty soon. I think the next trend gets really bad. I think he's going to snap. Maybe snap a towel at your ass. You know, like they do in a locker room. It's a sports bar. It's a guy thing. It's a guy thing. I understand. 11.09 at 5.60 WQM. Happy Election Day. Two days, two days, whatever 7th day that'll live in infamy. Wasn't that December 7th, 1941? Did it work? Was that infamy? Pearl Harbor. Well, today is Election Day. And the living infamy, if you don't call out and vote all the other bastards out. If you're expecting guests this holiday season, then it's a great time to dial 1-800 mattress. Plus, it's dial mattresses 30th birthday. And the celebrate dial mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top. You can choose himself or does biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest would send it delivery. Call dial mattress 1-800 mattress. One easy call. It's all it takes to get yourself factory-dread prices. And we're running service with no nonsense, no BS. Without a mattress, you choose the date and time for delivery whenever it's convenient for you. 7 days a week from 8 in the AM till 10 p.m. even the same day that you call. That's where I window a nice show up. That's why dial mattress is ranked number 1 and customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years and why everybody at QM uses them too. On the web, check them out at dialometrist.com or just sit there and make that one easy call for the smartest, the finest pieces shopping that any of them could do. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S. because it stands for Sweet, Swelves, Stupendous Sensational Savings. The feast name. So best tell us the basis. We'll rock first for 20-560. You... BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! So can I know that? Our home and the other. BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! S'Hbrush! I'm arranging fire! I need me! K' Wake up, wake up! K' Wake up, wake up! K' Wake up, wake up! K' Wake up, wake up! Holy crap! I have lost you, Oh oh, why? Yeah, Lord. K' Wake up, wake up! Keep me on the path of victory. It's podia. I'm over to George. He brought in his lesson day, but I'm sure that. I'm 15 and 560WQ. I'm now. I could go down and get that package. It's a FedEx. You know what it is? It's the book of discons, and it's definitely. It's interesting DVDs that people say, which we think you were so much. I didn't give many this time. What DVDs? I thought you said you put all this stuff in that package. It was a different one. No-no-wise, I see him today. In other words, the package that you get on Tuesday is last week's. It's all like me. Is that what you're trying to say? It's all like me. That's all like me. You know, I could always call Amazon.com and say, you know that order. I sure hope we didn't ship out. They can't ship it. They can't ship it. You know, they ship it that minute. Yeah, it's on a way. It's already got a confirmation on it. Voders put the Republican congressional majority and they multitude new voting equipment to the test today and election that defined a balance and power for the rest of the Bush presidency. Oh. Both parties have to get their supporters out in high-states context across the country. Democrats have been feeling one more time for change, and if they're incompetent to move on their side. And if it's not for it, I'll never want to. They couldn't win a fixed election if they can't win this one. I mean, between Turkey and between Katrina and between all of the stuff between the Patriot Act, everything that's going on. Republicans can see that nothing is there. Vod again after vote machines from your devotion. About a third of voters were using new equipment and prominent several states were reported around the gate. The government deployed a record number of full watchers to the many competitive races across the country, which is the lead voters and dozens of Indiana know how precincts. All high of that same is for a hanky spanky. In Delaware County, Indiana officials plan to seek a court order to workston voting after an apparent computer air prevented voters from casting ballots and 75 precincts. They want to keep the polls open. Extra extra late. Florida officials working with what we paid the vote counting the buckle of 2000. Field and extra voting machines, paper ballots and poll workers. Of course, like I said in Del Ray Beach, they got tourists. In the Jacksonville suburb of Orange Park Florida, voters were forced to use paper ballots after an electronic machine broke. It was a bad machine, man. Voting it sunrise, Bushwoods from partisan campaigner to democracy's cheerleader as the informer of American's of all political needs to cast ballots. So we can impeach his ass. We live in a free society and our government is only as good as the willingness of our people to participate. Bush said his wife Laura at his side and I voted sticker on the lapel of his grounds for a jacket and also a big one is echoed ass. Therefore, no matter what your party affiliation or if you don't have one, do you do decant to ballot? Let your voice be heard. I said to Bush, Mike, to his if he really met it. In other words, if he like fascism vote for us, that's what he was really saying. Now this is really cute. Naked man arrested for concealed weapon. Sounds like an oxymoron to me, but nevertheless, the man was arrested on suspicion of carrying a concealed weapon after police found a Montdors naked and told him he had a tool in his spectrum while I've already said. I'm sure it wouldn't be the first time. Maybe it was a samurai sword. The man was lying on a tree stump, masturbating beside a nature pad near a bay area where the transitory from through the police said, Stumps me. John, she in 33 of Pittsburgh. That's not Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Pittsburgh, where is this from? It's Pittsburgh with a G on the NOH. Where is that? I don't know. Fucked over it, you lazy slow. Where is it? I couldn't make an epistory of Florida, my ass. John, she was initially arrested on suspicion of a decent exposure, but when asked whether he was carrying any of the police and all about. She had mentioned the tool said, Elster, we did the detective, what does Miss V. California. Elster, we did the detective, Corporal Don Hortgen. Is it? It's California. Well, I mean, Elster, we don't. Do we have like any of those Hispanic men that we don't? You can't get much more concealed than that, Hortgen, so those ones he shoved it up his actome. Officials do their weapons in firefired and recall it the scene. She and her move day six, Angie metal all wrapped in black electrical tape without incident. He removed it from his actome ass. Wow. I'm surprised you got it all in there. She and it was a parole from a state prison last week was then booked in a jail on suspicion of parole violations. And these days, closure and long felony come up, possessing a concealed weapon in his ass. When you're talking about an all-or-an-ice pick and you're dealing with somebody who's fresh out of prison, it's a weapon. That's a stab against somebody said, well, you sure want to be putting an all-ice pick in there? Would you? Or an all? Even though. Even, huh? You might sprinkle a little all in there, then they still make all, like, uh, walking in the dirt. Absolutely. What did you say? Absolutely. It was not a meaning to clear what she and was on parole for. The first answering the phone at jail Friday night didn't know where the she and had a lawyer. And he's got one of these in there too. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's getting busy in there. You know what's like that bit about George Michaels. And you're not a crowded back. 9802 votes on a poll. You see, he have a little faith. Man, we're just rulein' along here like we actually have an audience out there. It's quite a clearance. It's putin' all his hanky spanky. All his machinations. By the way, if you had a conversation with anybody about his ultralogery joins that are not going to continue going on. No. Well, why not? I haven't not only did he forget to like reset the poll and put the new one on or yesterday if no, which cost us probably 50 million votes. But he also hasn't had taken care of business. I'll go do it right now. Ha ha. Okay, I'll tell you what. You go do that and I'll go down get that tanking. All right. And we'll just leave George hanging. You're on draft. I got the sponsor ready to go, man. And then what? I play a really long bit. Yeah, you probably will too. I can just imagine when probably the candy wrapper probably. Yeah, I got it right here for you. The candy rack. Can I continue with my important ramblings and readings and the ranting here? If you motion it. Well, I must. What's more important than that is that Boca Brian just reminded me that he put a DVD in there of the most recent episode of American dad that I told you about that he must watch. Oh, it's funny. Okay. You're laughing at going on to get the pack you learned there. I got a really great idea. Here's what I can't do it. I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to do a strange thing. Not, but I don't know. I'll do it on the next break. Next break, I'll get the package. Okay. Or because I don't have any live in the next break and I actually have one in this break, which I know is very unusual. By the way, Todd Dresste is working there. I sure tell hope not. He's around. He is so evil man. He is so evil. But you know what? I got even with him though. You know, I'm talking about going to. What are you talking about? Yes, I do. Iraq, Iraq by violence since the 2003 US led invasion and impoverished heavy. Myanmar, which most of us knew is Burma and Guinea, our rankt is the most corrupt countries in the world of New Survey. There they go. Pick it on them. Gimmies again. Finland, Iceland and New Zealand are rankt as the least corrupt with Denmark, Singapore and Sweden just behind. How do you like that? Finland, Iceland and New Zealand, they least corrupt. Berlin-based corruption, West dog, transparency, and national T.I. ranks 163 countries based on perceived levels of corrupting among public officials and politicians. In its 2006 corruption for sections index, the CPI. Haiti, the force country in the Americas, would rank just below Iraq. Haiti was last. Myanmar and Guinea reflecting what T.I. said was a high correlation between violence, poverty, and corruption. The surreys exist that corruption Iraq is very bad. T.I.T. of executive David Nusbaum told writers, Nusbaum. When you have high levels of violence, that one is security breakdown. But so to text and balance is law enforcement and the functioning of institutions like the judiciary and legislature. It's all, I follow that's under strain, the very system that works to prevent corruption is undermined. Iraq has suffered rising Secretary of Violence and Bloodshed since the invasion, no kidding. He being pressure on George Bush and the elections today. Nusbaum pointed U.S. engineering giant back-tell corporations in the last week to pull out of Iraq as a sign of just how bad the security situation has become. 52 back-tell employees have been killed in Iraq since 2003. Haiti is played by armed gangs despite the presence of UN forces brought in after the 2004-our-our-first-of-austing of former President John Bertrand R.C. Just ahead of Haiti and Iraq at the bottom of the rankings stood in, democratic republic of Congo, Chad, and Bangladesh. Sudan, that's where they have those macacas. It's what Senator Maconco, it's that's where his mother was from. To you, I said several countries had a significant worsening of their ratings, including Brazil, Cuba, Israel, Jordan, Laos, Seychelles, printed out into big Otonesia and the USA. Oh, no, I see, maybe at worsening of its ratings, the US on the corruption scale. Keep that in mind, our election day, okay. How come they're not talking a lot more about Katrina? How come they're not talking about the Duke, Duke, cutting him up? How come they're not playing Duke, Duke, Duke by Earl Chandler, Duke of Earl, huh? I don't know, because we don't really see that much about the individual campaigns and all these different states. But it just doesn't seem as usual, Democrats are really zeroing in on the level of oil. Oh, yeah. I mean, the Republicans got more baggage than you get on on a 747. It's just unbelievable. There is a gene Chandler in the smat, mentally of a smag. Go in and pay a courty on that, what do we got? We do. What does it come? Puken-Hirl. No, get out of here. Trust me. How do you know that? I got a good memory, although when it comes to change the poll, I don't have that in here. I ain't got no Puken or Hirl. Huh? See that? We gotta have that. That's the one. I got this. I got this. I got this. I got this. Yes, we got this. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Well, you know how many times we played that? I'm turning man. No. Have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and talk? Heck, I could do that. If so, you're probably right. All it takes is a little ambition. Some karaoke S musical backup. In 1995. Yes, I left that talent for a reason. With a puff daddy, rap alone, CD said, you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars of today. So we don't have no Puken or Hirl on. That's not the one I'm thinking of anyway. I'm sure there's another one. I know where somebody may be chicken necklaces. I think of it. I think I'm going to make one up during the break. 26 past 11 at 5. 60, 75 mg a man. It's going to be here with two to the rape about that. Great dolphin victory. No, he won't. You know, it's better. He knows that that was an aberration and that possibly it was like an early Christmas gift from our source. Who'd missed the they missed a team, busted the stadium in Chicago. Don't you hate people say Chicago? Just in my elbow. I do like that Chicago style pizza though. Hmm, a deep dish. Why, what is with this food thing today, boy? You're bad. Yeah. You and that candy. I'm going to get an antilem with that. I'm going to get a topie. Why? I said I'm out to get you. 95 oats on the pullback to the break. I'll have over a thousand. I can go down the next break and get that disc. And then I can go in the other room and watch the DVD. What is it? I'm going to see American dad. Oh, it's cute. It's great. How does cute is match point though? You're going to love that movie. You're going to be cool. Valtame will be whoever sent me. This is the best one. I'm telling you, I'm a scallet right now. That's because Scarlet's so handsome, isn't it? That's good enough for me. Just, just, I shouldn't have told you that about Woody Allen. Do you know what? I don't know if you hate it. I mean, I got tired of it. But if not, there's no fetching. It's not in the you walk. It's not in the you walk. You we it's got another Woody Allen sticking. Good. In fact, it seems so far. So far removed from anything. He's never done or even thought of it. It's like, maybe they just made that up. I tell you one thing. I'm not making up. And that is lobster fest. He's back every Friday through Sunday every weekend at the end of the year. Well, because the best Chinese buffet in all of South Florida. And the Amal Coast got three locations for you. They're in sunrise, Pemberpines and sunny Isles too. Over a hundred different items featured on the fabulous Amal Coast buffet. Six gourmet soups juicy delicious New York Stig. Reload to just the way you love it. Han carved prime rib. There's a sushi bar. Traditional Asian dishes a salad and even a sea bar. And the dessert bar is really spectacular. We can feature the 40 inch mouth watering chocolate fountain. Handed strawberries, marshmallow cheesecake. Stick all kinds of great digger and treats in there. And loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a big feast at the Amal Coast, which still uses only healthy cholesterol Freakin' O' oil. Never any MSG. And right now when you go in as a party or four asked for the meal deal, you get five dollars and 60 set off your turtle check with four paying adults. Five, 60 got it. Good. Amal Coast open for lunch and dinner every day called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for reservations that's nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two and don't forget. And every day is a meal deal they and every Friday through Sunday at Slaunch to fest only at the unbeatable Amal Coast Chinese buffet. The feast name so this challenge to the feast is real rotors for Shwitio five to the show. Good. George Rodriguez. No good. We got our thousand four votes. We can go home. I'm going to go home. I do my thing at duty. To serve the court win this election means everything to me. We have five tears of the people at the mall that we sit. The news races to close the call. All the need to press up a candidate's name. But there ain't no cue for election day. We'll afford that trophy for the real Indian money. We're not your general husband. We can't win Tuesday. There's a game of not the canceling of the shop and my life. Now I'm looking at the day. We're looking at this hotter and store today. He's another one. Looks like somebody stuck in the bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew up his head. Mark Potter. What we're hearing basically from poll watches is that things in Florida are actually going rather smoothly although there have been a few glitches. Some polling places opened a bit late. There was a power outage on Kiba's scheme in the area of a voting precinct. But we're told that because there was back a power they were still able to keep voting there. But there was a concern initially. In dear field vision or for waterdale, some of the machines didn't work initially because of calibration problems. Most of these problems that I'm telling you about were eventually fixed. It didn't take too long. It took a while and because of that, some voters were inconvenience and of course were less than please. Well that's where it goes on and just calm down. She's looking really bad. Miss Potter. Anyway, it's 26 to noon at 5. 60 WQM and what I'm going to do is I'm going to play that. Okay. And then you can go to work for you in the break. I'm not going to be here to play the QLM. It's 509. So I probably will be back. You know me, I'm quick. I'll go to the fence and I'll quit the elevator. It's not fast. I'm mozion down there and race down the hall. You think I'm going to be doing that? Right on the hall now. Q up the Q. I'm going to go to the Q on there. You understand that that bit isn't in the DCM. Oh, it's on a CD. I thought everything was on the DCS up there. I'm going to take a five minutes of space on there for a song. I'm going to play like once every six years. No way. You'll Rogers. Go. I'll hit the chore. Rodriguez. Yeah, you hit it whenever you feel like it. Oh, in other words Josh can't play the bottle off with you. I don't know what you're telling me. What can do? Whatever the hell we wanted. Did you see your face? See there you go. I'm out. I'm just keeping it. I mean, with the closest ones to following a format on this station. So just stages that a floor mat could have fooled me. Looks like a like Mitch Lewis is looks like a cat took a squat on it. It's pretty interesting. Those regions. Oh, my god. It is pain. Painful. Snoop Dogg was arrested. It was booked Monday on a single felony kind of position of a deadly weapon after filed after security officers at John Wayne or National Airport found that collectible baton and his carry on luggage that big one. The 35 year old rapper and man, that's it. He looks. He looks like the cat took a squat on his shoulders. You know what I mean? He looking good. The 35 year old rapper was real name is Calvin Broder. Turn himself over to the 30s. George County jail yesterday morning was expected to post 100 configuring bail. If convicted, he could be sent to three years in prison. The September 27 incident occurred as Snoop Dogg prepared to take a flight to San Francisco at the time of his arrest to a deputies. The baton was a proud for a movie. A spokesman for the sheriff's office to say. The weapon charged was filed Thursday for an arrest warrant. And the rest were resided. Snoop Dogg's attorney, Donald Echres, called the charged bogus. Like he was a bogus. Snoop Smog, a snowsperson. Meredith Oslov and said in the statement yesterday that Snoop welcomes an expedited trial, which will reveal that these charges are completely unworned. Last month, the rapper was arrested at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank for investigation of illegal drug and gun possession. He posted 35 grand bail ordered to appear in court December 12. How can it be a real rapper without being in drugs and guns, right? It's all part of the image. And as they were maximal, the time. So there he goes. There's the Snoop Dogg latest on his ass. Lawyers from both sides preparing for legal challenges. Is he in it? This is what goes on. In an election that ought to be a landslide. People ought to be ready for a revolution right now. You know what I'm saying? When you think? You'd think? But no. You would think so when a country would have educated people. That's what I was saying. Well, that's funny. I don't think I'm funny. You don't really do plenty of things. And then don't forget to change the floor. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. and don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to change your emerald. And don't forget to changed your emerald. All right, someone, let's go! Now I can tell you, it's better for me to have a lot of surprises right now. No, I know, it's better for you. It's better for you to have a lot of surprises right now. Well, I want you to have a lot of surprises. You're right, I know. Well, it's better for you to have a lot of surprises right now. Well, I know what you say, but you're right for my children, set it in the middle. Well, I'm not sure if I'm the same. No, no, no, no, no, no. Or if my husband's chosen, no. Or just open that, or bring one. Well, it's a picture of a costume for your children, which, oh, you're right, I know, why is it more important? Well, I know, we're not sure of the stars, but I don't want you to have a lot of surprises right now. I want you to have a lot of surprises right now. Well, I don't know why you can have it on your board, I'm not sure if I'm the same. Oh, I'm happy to. The best thing is pathogens is article about Charlie Kriss. What's up? You got it before you left? Nothing of you did without him? fossood P USA Are you an asshole ? ... I got this. I heard this in my volume, this gave me a goose on my thigh. My, uh, I prefer that he wanted to give me his two thigh thigh thigh thigh thigh. Oh, it told me to take me to mount a foot on him. I can't wait to see what he's doing. He's a little bit more of a habit of man of honor. He knew of this to kid, but he put his hands on his legs on my thigh. Rectom! But he has to lie a pin in him. What I like and not, he can't lie a bit here on his body. And why you take him? Little time to decide. Here comes Chucky. Do you think why? I like the finding of men to places of this woman and son. My thigh, my, uh, all the chat room to decide what to stop like. Who was my brother as a boy? I'm a heavy drinker. There's a plausible play. Hey, now you think, or if I knew, I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my thigh. I was a kid, I was a lay or say nay, who a page who's hand is placed on my thigh. I'm sorry. Come on, it's still known. We got a natural, it's 12, before 12. We got 1,000, 50 votes, 10, 50. That's WMGM, WMGN, WMGN, New York, WS, CHUM. So anyway, thanks to, um, surely, in Halemdale Beach. Yes. Who sent us this, uh, the entire article, Charlie Chris is not great in the show. She, uh, the picture on the card, where it looks like he's flying with it on the ground. He's flying, baby. Like, Charlie. You're fair. Whoo! That is some picture. Let me tell you. Very poppins, I guess. And the headlines is Charlie Chris is not, not in red letters, not gay. And other things we're public and party wants you to believe on election day by Julia Raishale. Raishale, whatever it is. And it's much, much, much too long for me to read on the show. Okay. And in addition to which, what do I need to read it for? We all know that Charlie is gay. Huh? Great. Like, just always, same thing. Oh, no, he's not. He's not. Okay. Whatever you say. Thanks again, Shirley, for the new times articles. From the, Broward Palm Beach, New Times, October, uh, uh, was it eight? 19 to 25. Flamens, pretty obvious, which one it is. It's one with Charlie flying on the cover. Where's umbrella? Hmm. So when your kids out there, for this good nice, uh, umbrella, like Charlie, you can fly. Cuba's foreign minister, step back yesterday from an early Resurrection at Fidel Castro, would return to power in December. And to climb to say whether the alien Cuban leader would be well enough to attend. Next one celebration of his 80th birthday. How do you like that? That old bastard is 80 years old. Less than too much after telling the AP expected cash to be fully back at the Hellman early December, Fidelipe Perez, uh, Roque said he could not discuss when cash will return. It's a subject that I'm which I don't want to speculate. The minister told the AP in an interview. Caster's return will come on its derived moment. Perez, a hokey said he meets with Castro frequently and the Cuban leader is steadily recovering from his intestinal surgery. He loves good. I see that his recovery is advancing. He said, we are optimistic and happy. The only ones who are set are our enemies and we're all prepared to celebrate, uh, who are all prepared to celebrate. A little premature evaluation there. They weren't dancing on the streets of South Florida, where they, huh, I sure hope not. They're chickens before they hatched. That would have been silly. Up until his illness, Castro was known for micro managing projects, leaving massive marches along the Monte Cone coastal highways that Monte Cone, yet, and giving our long speeches. Hours long. Perez, a rokey to climb the speculative mode that Cuban outcome would ever be such an actively to begin. What the things will be like before is a very difficult topic. The minister said, I don't have the information that they could pass any to say. He said, Thank you, but. Castro has done many of any public appearances since July, 26, when the announced he had to go surgery and temporarily transferred power to his younger brother, Raul. The Cuban government has treated Castro as a state secret, releasing moist, sporadic videos and photos, that prove that he's recovering. He looked into good. The wing was up and out to blow, thank you. A video released late October on stay run television show, the Cuban leader defiantly denying rumors he was on his deathbed. Yet some Cuban said it was surprised to see how frail he was. He looked in bad. Castro turned 80 August 13, but we announced his surgery, said celebrations would be late until December the 2th. Perez, a rokey told the AP in the York and September day expected Castro to be backed by early December. I have no question in my mind that we'll be able to celebrate the birthday of December, see deserves. He said at that time, but yesterday, he refused to speculate that whether Castro, on one cast or one, he returned saying only the important thing is his recovery, which he's doing in a serious and persistent manner. The transfer of power to Raul went smoothly and while many Cubans grumble about economic struggles on the island, they seemed to were set the younger Castro as their leader, albeit, albeit temporarily. But as a rokey ignoves at the Cuban government faces some discontent, even said some changes could be on the horizon. The Cuban government and leadership of the Communist Party are aware of and share those worries about difficulties with the quality of life of the people. He said, all of our efforts are focused in the direction of finding solutions to these problems. While Perez, a rokey said the U.S. made in Berger was first of laying for a scarcity of goods and lack of economic opportunity on the island, he also acknowledged Cuban eras and insufficiencies. There's our economy required that we make decision to change some things to fix what is wrong. Yes, he's a chess, and it can be done in the right moment. Now we said, yes, see. If servers are speculated under a more permanent leadership by Raul Castro, Cuba might adopt an economic model based on China, which is also communist, but is increasingly open markets. In Cuba, there will always be a Cuban model for Perez of OK said, but he didn't explicitly reject the possibility of some openings in the island's economy. The four ministers among have it as an official grant is special responsibilities by Castro when he transferred power. They collectively, who should have led by the 75 year old Raul, has been functioning well, he said. For us young ones, it's not only been a privilege, but also more schooling, said the 41 year old, who has put in charge of monitoring the budgets for Cuba's health education and energy programs along with simple bank prison, Francisco, sub-edone and vice president Carlos Lagi, who is 55. But you're punks, but you own a person after is what do they know? I mean, highman Raul could teach him all the thing or two. Do you think? Yeah, see some several things. Not about acting though, but about them hotels. I'll work with this. Let me see what this might. This could be something a big from EI Pariser, he says today we can make history. There are millions of progressives in closed races and even nowhere to vote. If you call them, they'll vote if they, yeah. Okay, just take 20 minutes to start calling. Just call everybody, you know, tell them to vote. Right? Right? Go vote. Unless you want to vote Republican, stay in hell, home. It's going to be like a bad stuff out there. You're going to get run over by a truck. When Americans go to vote today, a new breed of activists will be on guard monitoring, polling stations for everything from voting machine, which is to long lines to registration, snack, and all kinds of things. There's nothing worse than a snack. Energized by the spirit of results in 2000 and 2004, they have left jobs as music conductors. Real estate agents and software engineers to form groups that expect to turn out thousands of volunteers who don't trust the country's ability to count its votes and decide to do something about it. Stuff that I don't count trust there are ability to count the votes. I don't trust there integrity. How's that? I think there are much accrues. This is going to be the most heavily watched selection in history predicts Mary Beth Cousnick, who founded a group called vote PAA after the 2004 election among the voting issues in Pennsylvania. Ms Cousnick, a former arts educator, calls herself a progressive, but says vote PAA include members of both major parties, two minor parties and independence. Many of the groups share a liberal groups to members smarting from the neighborhood democratic laws in the last two presidential elections. But they also share Ms Cousnick's assurances and the tax and lobbying status that requires them to be moving on partisan that they simply want to see a clean count. Nothing like a clean count, baby. That's what Dracula said. But it kind of hard to do when you're in the middle of all them spider webs. Why? I don't care who wins. I just want to know its democracies. It's Warren Stewart policy director of vote trust USA and I'm Brello organized. I want to have that same umbrella at Ms Cousnick. I'm going to show you how to apply through the year. I doubt that. Vote trust USA and umbrella for 70 grass or groups like vote PAA that lobbied legislators and more voters about election voters. Two of the bigger groups, the election project coalition and vote election will snap call centers where they're field of voter campaigns to their 866 hour vote. And eight, eight, save vote, SAV, save vote numbers and the Spatula is any trouble spots. Video of the vote is in listing citizen journalists to film polling place problems. The lawyers committee for civil rights under law and people for the American way among election protection members. Vote or action is a legal rise. We've started by California lawyer, Lowell Finley, who sued voting machine maker Debal over software security. Debal recently paid 2.6 million to California as part of the settlement of the lawsuit. And it goes on and on. Everybody's going to be watching this. They're going to be watching that. But it would be right. Right. Who is that? That isn't this Richard Slesinger. Is it there on MSNBC? But I do think that either way, whichever side ends up tipping the balance here. I think that's her. If you used to work for CBS. Say they wanted a reaction because they're new direction because they're looking at O8 and worrying that the resolve of six could be a predictor. We've been in the run Browns. Thanks for your money. Browns. You look just like Richard Slesinger now. Sorry, Ron. Hey, Ron. Two fairies. Same difference. 157 a QM. We got the mad dog at two is the dolphin's on her way to sweep in the table, baby. It's the room's on. So best challenge for this is the O'Rotchkers. For Shwitio 560. Oh, we got a little problem here. Oh, what could that be? Not the audio hall again. Oh, yeah. Does that music? Oh, oh. Yeah. And honor your birthday. Although this might be older than you. So what are we going to do now? We're going to listen to this for the next 20 minutes while you're going to be on the bed. We could go on with the show or you could read another story or we could do what Josh told us. We're going to go back to bed. I can leave like Josh said. We all feel like going back to that day. 20? I saw the, uh, radar already. Just number C L 0 50 1 5 3 1. If you still not refinanced your mortgage because you don't want to spend thousands of dollars in closing costs or your smart paying the closing costs as a racket and rip off. I'm John Shibley, president of Linux financial. We'll refinance your mortgage and pay all your closing costs down to the last time. We're not going to roll them into the loan. We actually pay them for you. You walk into the $300,000 loan. You're going to leave with the $300,000 loan. Listen, you're going to spend thousands of dollars in interest over the life loan. We're making plenty cash. We don't have to stick it to you for the closing cost. Now's a great time to get out of those arms. Prime is up 2% live wars up 2%. Don't wait around till these things bury you. If you got a $200,000 or $300,000 mortgage, your payment's going to go up several hundred dollars. Get out of that arm, convert it to a fixed and do with no closing cost. You hit a home room at that adjustable mortgage. Now it's time to bail. Linux financial will convert your arm to a fixed and do it with no closing cost. The biggest no brainer in the history of earth. Call Linux financial 954, 653, 3900. That's Linux financial 954, 653, 3900. That's the biggest of two to see. Whether this is an on-game pan of piratists who support in one. From further game pan, 430-560, 2-way jam, 660, and 633. See if it's a real real celebrity's been breaking my stress for 50 days. Chelus Gio-Gio-Mah, one of the great stars of classical music, enthralls audiences all over the world with this passion and artistry. When it comes to picking a cello, he tends to order tie an instrument made in the 18th century. When it comes to a tie in piece, however, he favors an instrument crafted in Switzerland, the Rolex Datejust. Since Rolex introduced the first self-winding calendar wristwatch in 1945, the Datejust has become one of the most sought after models in the Oyster line. With its classic Oyster design and magnified Date window, the Datejust is every bit as distinctive as the master Chelus who wears it. To see the Datejust and a complete selection of other Rolex time pieces, visit your official role extuiler. See what a new watch can say about you at Tornow, the world's largest watch store since 1900. Tornow, Bell Harbor shops, Bell Harbor and worth having you, Tom Beach. This Dick Cheney, I would like to relax if I have a very maglain massage my balls when listening to the new Rogers-Weltman hour routine. Come and listen to a story about a preacher named Ed, the keys done, taking that and having gay sex. When you thought he was a super-righteous food, out-cens stories that sounded pretty good. Bad things, bad things, gay escort, soaring that. Well, the first thing you know, old Ted to hit the grid, then in gay love while he was loving it, they said big forgiveness and drop to you knees and cry say you sin, then ignore hypocrisy. A lot of preachers spend a lot of time on their knees, but ain't praying that they're doing. You're saying, oh God, that's good though. There's a follow-up speaking of new times and again, this is a bad moment who wrote the first part about Charlie Christ. You following this? Well, the reason I'm the printing of the article that we come out the way I wanted to, I may have to reprint it, okay? Okay. Let me give it a shot. Because it's very important. Well, there's election day, you know what I'd say, who cares whether he's straight, gay, bioliter, except that he's a freaking hypocrite. Right. Other than that, Ardenies just fine. Charlie and Liar. Bob Norman writes in the of our Palm Beach New Times in the brand new one, Sworn Test Monty Basa claims that Bruce Jordan posted of his affair with Charlie Christ by Bob Norman. A video tapes Sworn statement a surface that bolsters a contention that Florida Attorney General and Republican and Gubernatorial candidate Charlie Christ and a recent romantic lady sure, our relationship with a convicted felon and former traveling, US representative cancer and Harris. Huh. See if this thing's print out any better this time. It's coming to an oya. Just fine. Fine is GI wine. Okay. Let me switch any other pages. Bob Norman says last week I reported that 21 year old GOP staffer Jason weathering been acclaimed to credible sources that he had a sexual relationship with the 50 year old Chris and identified the firmman as long term partner as Bruce Carlton Jordan, who remains on state probation after serving a 30 day jail sentence for conviction on grant theft and for to recharge his. Chris has repeatedly denied that he is gay and with the election, well, of course, now here it is today has recently become more vocal in the stance against adoption by gay officials and in support of an amendment to the US Constitutional Bank gay marriage. Chris campaigns spokeswoman Vivian Merchier, Merchidas, responded to my questions with an email. While false rumors like this one are a sad commentary on the politics of personal destruction, which is so hurtful of the political process she wrote, this is a completely false story for making victim felon. Evidence is popping up about however that he endured in whom the GOP candidate claims not to remember even having met had a relationship and that is Republican opponent Tom Calder knew about it prior to the September 5th primary vote. Much of the information surrounding the relationship came unwittingly and somewhat ironically from the Harris U.S. Senate campaign where Jordan worked as the Congressman's personal travel aid that long-rifted his release from jail in February. It was why he was employed in that capacity that another traveler on the Harris campaign V.D. Hall befriended him. In a video tape statement that I obtained over the weekend, Hallsware's a Jordan confided to her that he had an ongoing romantic relationship with Chris. He had a Chris with Chris. On the tape, Paul sits in a sharply colored blue blouse and talks about a July 4th outing with Harris on the wealthy island on Klave of John's island near Virgo Beach. Paul's attendance at the private party was a percontrapling with a boyfriend J. V. who was the pilot for Harris's U.S. Senate campaign at the time. As the evening were on, Halls says that she began talking with Jordan, whom she had already befriended on the campaign trail about romantic relationships. She said she wanted to set up Jordan whom she knew to be gay with a friend. He said that he was involved with Charlie. He says on the tape after he was sworn in by a court reporter, I was like, okay, he just stated his first name. He said, maybe you've heard her and he said, Charlie, Chris. She then asked Jordan what was like to have a romantic relationship with such a public figure when he said, Charlie was apparently having some issues with that and trying to keep it under wraps and just trying to deal with it in general. You know, she said later, right in the Jordan scene, trouble the Chris was seeking counseling. It was kind of quiet about it after that point. While he was concerned about Charlie's decision to see counseling, I couldn't reach off for comment, but fast as well known in state Republican circles confirmed that he gave the statement and said that Jordan also invited an aim of a relationship. Vass has been a pilot for top Republican politicians in Florida for nearly a decade. He's told in fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, most of you remember the state cabinet and a veritable who's who of GOP big ways including Chris whom fast knows personally. His company, self-acarious, that Celtic here, is represented by Major Tallahassee lobbyist Wilber Brutin. Speaking from his manufacturing companies' office in LIVO fast, not only confirmed House war and statement, but also added that Jordan had told him his romantic relationship with Chris as well. And that he too had given this war and statement about it. It's the truth said Vass. Vass was a registered Republican said that while he was serving as the Pala for the Harris campaign the summer, he spent many hours with Jordan. He said during that time Jordan told him another Harris staffer that it was dating Chris. I mean, you can date a straight guy, can't you? Huh? It's a straight date. The pilot also said that Jordan and other Harris staffers were mad or affected about the relationship and treated as a fact that Chris is gay. If we counted the evening of June 20th, when he was at the Blue Martini Bar in Tampa with Jordan and Harris campaign scheduler, Jennifer de Bord. Vass said that the board was aware of the relationship and had seen him email exchanges between Jordan and Chris and that the 42-year-old Jordan admitted to him. I just couldn't believe there was so open about it said Vass. I asked him, aren't you afraid of this coming out in Jordan said it will come out sooner or later, and just as long as it comes out after the lesson I don't care. Everybody knew that Charlie was gay and what absolutely thwart me about it was they made no attempt to hide it or disguise it. When reached at the Harris campaign office, the board denied having any knowledge about Jordan and Chris, I have no knowledge of anything she said. Obviously, it perturbed into questions. I don't know nothing about that. It's not my business. Vass meanwhile appears to have to be very good friend of Steve Chief Financial Officer Tom Gallagher who was Chris deported the primary. Not only his vass clone Gallagher, I'm Cam Paine Stuffs, but also given the politician flying lessons and the two men of considered business ventures together. I was thinking, how do I suppose this Vass says frankly? I told Tom about it and he said, that's what we all suspected. I don't know what we can do with this information. I said, I don't either Tom, I can do it. I said to what I heard. Vass also said he told Harris of Jordan's claimed the while the two were at the company to be airport. Harris who has said she dated Chris many years ago told him she had no idea about the relationship he says. She said it was a shock to her and I honestly believe that Vass told me. Harris said that she and Charlie dated in the past and that during that time she went home and took a lot of cold showers. And then I explained her state of mind. Vass said a background check and discovered that Jordan was a felon who had stolen money from two organizations that employed him including the tele-hassy based Florida Federal Home Directors Association where Jordan served as executive director. The pilot took that information to Steve Andrews, a tele-hassy attorney and Gallagher backer and that ultimately led to Jordan's officer from the campaign and August 11 article in the letter. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was a very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. He was very careful person. But most people in the North seem locked in denial, which doesn't surprise us at all, as well as raise $22 million. And the state to you please respect the pump and at least that much in the race. There is big money, it's taken a lot of political jobs. All the people close to him know he's gay, but they are going to say anything because other jobs depend on him winning the election. I don't have anything to gain from telling you this right now. And it's probably going to keep me from flying Republicans again. He said, but it's about to man's lies. And it's the right thing to do, I guess. He said, it's the right thing to do. And the MSN remains being me today and we've been looking at it as a lot of no from it. Why? From what? We talked about it. All these rumors about Charlie being gay. That. Those rumors you started. Another hypocrite like Father. I want to listen to a story about the preacher named, because they've taken that and haven't been gay, said, suggest when Yethelding was a super-righteous dude, out-cens stories that sounded pretty crude. Bad things, bad things, gay and escort. So it's not bad. Well, the first thing you know, old Ted's a hypocrite. Man and gay love, while he was loving it. He said, big forgiveness and drop to your knees and cry, say you sinned and ignored a hypocrite. You're fair. Come on, it's past noon. Another natural here at 560WM. We got 111, 18 votes on the poll. And it's by the fact that George, Mr. Simey, which looked at that. Don't you feel a lot of trouble? The fact we got 111, 18 votes by a 1212? No, yeah, okay. You couldn't give a cramp one. I always couldn't. So long as you get that free food and get your check and get that birthday check, that's those other things you care about. You see, right through it. As long as your dealer comes by it, as long as somebody brings you a big, a plastic sack. That's right. A big baggy. You know, when auto-oxidants are traumatic experience, their shock, their stress, their stress, their grief, their national team ringing your hands. It's something nobody wants to have happened. But when it does, you need to help answering all the questions that will raise to your mind. What do I do now? Do I need medical treatment? Do I need nutrition? Am I entitled a compensation? So many questions. So you need to be sure you call the right number the first time we need help after not a while. So you need to call this number. One, AAA, CRASS 61. It's a free call. There is no obligation. One, 888, CRASS 61. One, AAA, CRASS 61. Because you need to answer. It's not another answer. Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week. You can call that number. One, AAA, CRASS 61. It's your auto-oxidant hotline. Write it down on your arm, on your refrigerator, on your ceiling, on your, uh, do. If you want to write it. One, AAA, CRASS 61. So free in no obligation. Get all your questions answered about your auto-oxidant by making that one simple easy call and take a lot of sweat off your ass. Call one, AAA, CRASS 61. That's one, 888, CRASS 61. The biggest thing is to have the best talent that this is real Roger's. Sports, radio, 560, you, a, M. But ready in. The dumb as, Durs. Hey everybody, I've browned and browned. A count of wool for everybody, browned and browned. As a human being, I'm a big disappointment. But I got a brown nose and I know that I've pointed. That was no run to get them saved. They don't work on looking in an alleyway. I did everything. I possibly can. There's no massive hole. All the two clutch plan. Oh, what a job I had as a vector of fever. When I'm much more than a reasonably steeper and a blueless son of a fish. It's his skin's brown nose and the bridge. It's his skin's brown nose and the bridge. New Orleans is wiped out in gone. With no use and I didn't want to heck of a job. And a drop pays off. To be a brownie and another white may see. Christian, fondly, the national god is down then down. With all the justice and the press, How a town, everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything there is, big, deep pain. Over Hurricane gave us a baby seed. For the old con so sure, And to be here, we like that giant read public exchange. Through Jesus' words, our Lord and team. Praise Jesus for our Lord and King. Battle-moving and compassion's what we in that. It turns the right to have less blacks and you to set the zoo say. It's a national disgrace that you'd rather black. In the first place, this is no time to play the blame game. Since we know that her remains are called by giving us who are not low right by a home home. Like sky, with land and car, we'll go home where achieving the amount of time to write wings dream. You make everybody white like me. And there's an ignorant son of a bitch who gets his job from those who know which home. How are this setting, Matthew, gravy and horses? Rather than you that, watch the game court since on the negligent herd over now. Keep going down, keep my nose brown. On the negligent herd over now. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. Actually, I'm a job baby that we didn't have there in Katrina. We don't hear too much about that no more though, you know? That is shut up, comey. Okay, twenty-one pass, two and five, six, did there? There's less to a whole advising since more of the third time. That's the first to a whole thing. Yeah. Up until this moment, all this time, I keep telling you about Lester Holders, that's great voice. And this is the first time we knew who the hell Lester Hold was. I mean, I've seen him before, but this is the first time I've put the name to the face. The name and the post, yeah. Yeah, and he's right. He's like charging somewhere, publicans. I've been making. I mean, he's like actually somebody who belongs on here, like a real broad broadcast. That's what he's doing on that channel. Well, we got Keith Holman on there. Keith Holman and him. And we got him. And Rita. Here's a fact, this is, I just got a call from my buddy in Orlando. We voted early about a week ago. His son went to vote today. And when he was signing any notice that there was no signature next to his dad's name. In other words, my buddy could vote twice. My buddy, he keeps saying my buddy. I mean, little suspicious about this. My buddy is a Democrat, but it's not hard to imagine if this is another way to financials to give me extra votes. Well, you know what, that's good. Let's not have all the Democrats vote two, three, four times. We're going to need it. Going to need that extra cushion in there. Until when he puts a fix in. Now, can we listen? Can we check if that Mitch Lewis thing is a clean. How do I play the whole field? You're over it. And so he can be beautiful. And, you know, it'll take time to restore chaos. But we couldn't will. So, this is the son of a girl. So, this is the son of a girl. So, this is the son of a girl. So, this is the son of a girl. Excellent. Very good. You done that? I done that. Beauty. Not to men. I'm not a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. But God, you're equal. You're more equal if you don't cryout to me. I never laid your ice something. I think this is a play. It's like black of love. There's been along these years. If you don't cryout to me, anything like this goes a thousand years to me you can get a table tennis for you. Let me know in the point of the day that I've been in  Matujariah. Thanks for working with us. If thank you for your pleasure. If that's a bet on his idea. If the other gut  is good that's a policing spell with the burning General Rezuf. Thank you. Thank you. Because this role is a Korean Palace. I get a little confused there, but the fact is that we live in a probabilistic world, but our faith is real personal, and my Christian faith teaches that the way through is through Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Yeah, that's the one Jesus, the Augusti, we'd long hear in the bad sandals. The Birkenstocks. He only wishes he had Birkenstocks. His opponents in the race, campaigning across the state, we just do a day to go to the legs and they criticize the governor saying, his comments were on a silly divisive. He doesn't think very differently from the Taliban does he independent kinky freedmen said? He must talk. Mr. Friedman and Jews said Mr. Prairie's comments had pretty close to home. Being of Seth with who's going to have it and who's going to hell is kind of a pathetic waste of time, he said, Mr. Friedman often expresses admiration for Jesus and calls himself a Judeo-Christian, and who's crazy than a bedbug. But I'd say whether he believes that accepting Jesus is one Savior is the only path to salvation. The General Keaton is straight-horned to attend Sunday services at Harmony Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, so she disagreed with Mr. Prairie. There are many ways to have him Rawlsson is Rawls-God's Tilling. She said, God's Uniteer. They had like Bush, a Uniteer, not a divider. Democrat Chris Bellson said that a Savior should take more caution. God is the only one who can make the decision to get somebody kingdom of heaven. He said, Oh, the fact that these people are discussing such swelts such Kakka, the kingdom of heaven. Where the bread will be on 11, and who wants to eat moxaf for the rest of their existence, right? How do you eat it with nobody in no mouth? I know how do you digest it? You just kind of suck it up. Come and listen to us, don't worry about it. On a Christian he said, Mr. Bell, Rick Perry, sir, was in town of his beliefs, but when you're in public office, he needed to respect people of all faiths and denominations. Asked whether Mr. Perry was Rawls-God, Mr. Bell said, the voters will have to decide that. In his sermon, Mr. Higgy exorided the congregation to fight more on weakness than vote for wasligious people in a post same sex marriage, quit acting like a Bible-thumping whimpy said. He added, God is the Supreme Court promoting a prompting applause from the governor. Mr. Perry was raised in the Methodist Church, but also frequently attended the Baptist Church, and the small West Texas town of Pink Creek, where he grew up. For this campaign, he used to help to organize the Texas Restoration Project, and which ministers are encouraged to get their congrents politically involved in their communities. And he's already had to answer some complaints on the Jewish community. Last year he invited ministers of all faiths to stand with him as he signed a law requiring parental consent for abortion and a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage. The Jewish representative was a member of a Messianic group that accepts Jesus as their savior. Oh, come on, though. This is from the Dallas Morning News. Let me read that sentence again. The Jewish representative was a member of a Messianic group that accepts Jesus as their savior. Jews for Jesus, so he wasn't Jewish at all. Hey, if anybody deserves to be Christians, it's a few guys. I'd be like that. So that's the Jewish representative, Governor Perry had on hand. Was Azaz, Maple Leaf, a convert, a phony baloney Jew. And nothing like phony baloney, especially if it's a trif. That asker, my wife, and it could be trif. Watch out for Oscar Meyer. I told you what had Jewish sounding name and then they hit you with some trif. No, like your son or being it, or whatever. It's not about out of his mouth. Definitely hasten his path to hell. I guarantee you that. I'll all I think you'll get there regardless. 28 past noon at 5.60 WQA. I'm experienced a difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palmono and Mercedes-Benz of Palmono. It doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle because they don't play games there. No matter when you buy, you're going to get the best deal going anywhere. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV or their large selection certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Palmono, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing you in comparable service. After you express the loob courtesy of vehicles and company car wash too. Make an appointment through their business development center and don't forget you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flower miles with your airline. Brow as Mercedes-Benz of Palmono's indoor respo, you'll find over 150 new and pre owned vehicles. Or check them out on the wicked web. Go to BenzPompano.com, B-E-N-Z. Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palmono at I-95 and COVID-19, COVID-19, 100 new Benz, 1-800-N-E-W-B-E-N-Z, former Mercedes-Benz of Palmono, Mercedes-Benz, and Mercedes-Benz, we were like no others. The biggest name, so best talent. The biggest is wheel rotchner's Porsche Radio 560, if you pay. Brow as a fan of the day five. This is our business deal. That's where Game Show hosts Bob Barker says he is going to retire from the prices right. Bob, you've had a terrific career. I don't know if everybody knows, but your favorite part of the show is having sex with different members of the audience. Right. And what was your best pickup line? Let's try it in the cost. Oh, pretty lame line, but hey, your Bob Barker. So where else did you get freaky diki with the audience? The love seat, the sofa, and the jeep. You go Bob. Are you well and down? Look down here, please. Oh, and it's a pleasure to show you this. Holy, till Bob's a piece of your eyes on that. Okay, 1233. So I told you Bob Barker's return, you guys didn't blame me. I didn't. 116-E-V-O-S-N-A-Pull. There's Julie Brman. He's so mine, Ian, with me. I think he and Susan Collins are the same person. 116-E-V-O-S. How confident are you that all votes have been counted honestly today? Not very confident for 115. Not at all, 398. Some want 205, you know? Yeah, who knows? Very confident 73. I don't give a Schmidt 41. 100% sure 20, 20 maniacs. And I hate this pull only 11. 0.9. Point nine, where have we heard that before? Oh, I'm sure. Wow, there you go again. With what? Huh? You're the guy that's like all of a sudden, keep telling me it's a sports show. I keep telling you, can he's a good guy? Here's a good guy. Good guy. Good job. Logcast to answer belongs on the year. And both of course keeps having an adolescent at George and all of a sudden the old and their anti-sports. You know, where do people like to have ratings on the radio station? We like to have everybody succeed, we'll be nice, you know? And that will be hope for? Yeah, man, we are financially involved in that. That is correct. And even if we weren't financially involved, it's just, you know, it's not important that they fail, but that we all succeed, right? Or how over that goes. Here's an article I think it might be of interest. By Bill Gowger, from the Niagara Falls reporter, is George W. Bush clinically insane. And you know the thing about this, it's very long. I'm going to have to do it in a two-far, two-far, a part of the yard. Well, when I want to blow chunks, when I think of George W. Bush, I get almost physically ill when I see him. And then when I think about the fact that people aren't like, just there's not like a revolution going on. People are like, maybe the impeachment like to tomorrow. His shrill voice pain, sensitive ears in the red states of the South and Westy ramps up to his Texas twang, as he brags on his war and hurls insults and lies about those who don't share his views. President Bush, as he's pleased with the progress in Iraq, defense secretary Rermswell is doing a fantastic job, and those who support them are grants want the terrorists to win. Bush goes well beyond gutter rhetoric and the politics of desperation. He's a delusional madman, and it is grace to our national heritage. When young people hear the president of the West talking as he does, it's no wonder they're perceptible to politics and public life is so low. The man who ran for the presidency claiming Amir United not a divider is one of the most divisive figures in American history, and he will only get worse as his fiascler and Iraq continues to spiral into the abyss and the nation unravels. Bush says with mindless repetition that we will win the war when the fact is we are stalking an admin comfort that screams for a political solution he's unwilling to confront as any reasonable leader would. Breamon is the emblem of Bush's sick mentality as Iraqis and American troops spilled their blood for his cowboy machismo. There's never a purely military solution we guerrilla war said won, coal a Middle East expert at the University of Michigan, as I spoke with him last week at his Ann Arbor home. This is actually several unconventional wars he argued, and the only way there ever resolved his two politics. Cool, unlike Bush's a thoughtful, well-informed realist, and recognizes the futility of thing the course in using American troops' retarget practice through the increasingly deadly war's popping up all over Iraq. It's a bitter pill to swallow Cole said, but if we are to see an end of this, eventually they're going to have to be negotiations with the Sunni Arab guerrilla groups that are blown up our troops. They're going to have to be negotiations with neighboring countries like Syria and Iran that have enormous amounts of pull in Iraq. Cole finds Bush's low-range military strategy a failure, the idea that we can just unilaterally muscle our way through this is just an unstarter. The Bush have made the ugly congressional campaign a referendum on the war on terrorism and the importance of victory in Iraq. They smeared all those who questioned their worst strategy and pretend that the only they have the result to make us safe. A New York Times editorial nailed it. In Mr. Bush's world, there were only two kinds of Americans. Those of our against terrorism and those who somehow are right with it. Some Americans, while I went in Iraq, and some don't. There are Americans who support the troops and Americans who don't support the troops. And at the root of it all is the thinly damaging fantasy that there's a gulf between Americans who love their country and those who questioned his leadership. Bush's fantasies have even disturbing his fans. In a sit down with wire service reporters, Bush assured that that runs steel the most and competent man on earth will keep his job for two more years. Maybe in the last days of the Republican dominated the Congress, Bush can get him declared the fence secretary for life sort of an American-Rowl Castro. Dushing over Rummy and Dick Cheney, the two principal thugs who lied to get us into Iraq and designed the disaster, Bush claimed they're doing a fantastic job and I strongly support them. The remark prompted conservative comments and who's Sullivan to raise the question of Bush's mental filness of fitness, so when Tilt Tee and Bush is so delusional, this is not an election and he wants an intervention. Sullivan, long attruder for the war in Iraq said Bush is so indenial, he simply can't come to grips with his failure. It's unhinged. It suggests this man is lost his mind. No one objectively could look at the way this war has been conducted, whether he were for it as I was or against it. And say that it's been done well. It's a disaster. Said, and this Sullivan. Gay. Sullivan added for him to say it's a fantastic job to just the president is lost it. I'm sorry, there's no other way to say it. The president's nanny, core, his mother, his wife, state department, hands, condolese, arisen care and use, no he's unhinged, but are too loyal to share that disturbing truth with the world. Republican House Majority Leader John Vaynerchryte, shifrys' responsibility for the Iraq disaster away from Rumsfeld. Vaynerchryte, quickly filled with disgrace-time delays, shoes, as the most lost the member of Congress. Vaynerchryte, CNN, let's not blame what's happening in Iraq on Rumsfeld, but the fact is the generals on the grower in charge, and he worked closely with them in the president. Rummingly, notorious micro manager who second-gases every move his commanders make gets a repass from that idiot Vayner. Before the invasion, coal assessed the risk of invading Iraq for the University of Michigan's International Institute was part of a group that, of experts, said adviser state department on the risks. He believed that his growing secular Arab nationalism could drive soon he Arabs toward Al-Qaeda and Islamic fundamentalism. Coal envisioned Shiites hooking up with Iatollas in Iran, and the Kurds pushing toward their own state and causing tensions with neighboring Turkey. Coal was spot on, but the Bush administration ignored his warnings. The problems were foreseeable to anyone who rose the area he said, but I have to say the full magnitude of the catastrophe boggles even my mind. Coal fears the mess in Iraq could get worse. He sees continued violence and instability in the Shiites south, and the potential of interruption was also advised, making the military more vulnerable. As the Secretary of Violence Regesotic Control, Coal argues that this kind of situation is intractable, and once it begins, once people are angry on the nationwide scale, once they're afraid, they're taking along to their own hands. The Secretary of State of Syria's new Shiites will continue ethnically cleansing their neighborhoods with US forces caught in the middle in place in even greater danger. We need to change in policy and system. I think our presence there is exacerbating the problems. And I think if we go on as we are, there's a real danger to British US troops being killed in very large numbers, that's what George W. Bush considers a fantastic job. I think I'm doing a fantastic job, we're doing a story with that. But I rushing through it because I'm going to put the flag the page there. We're going to dog here at what to the page. Fag the page. Oh. Well, I'm going to finish it after the break. Okay, it's not that long, but it just requires, you know, because obviously the man is crazy at a bed bug. Yeah, huh. Just like everybody knows that. Just like everybody knows that. Just like everybody knows that Charlie Christy. Yeah, a closet case we like self painting. That Ben Ginsburg, man. When I see him, I just, there are certain people when you see like that William Donna here, you know, from the Catholic league. Yeah, Ben's been. Ben's been. Ben's been very. And I see him and I just a cleanse my teeth and I get and blood riffs out my chin. Twenty-two one at I think it's done at five sixty. W two way. We got the mad dog at two. Tower hour with mad dog in the Humphrey before. And don't forget we got the opening tip and the closing tip and the big tip. And the uncut tip with Bimbo calls tonight before and after the heat game, which we don't carry. If you're expecting guests this holiday season, then it's a great time to dial 1-800 Memphis plus it's Star Trek. This is the only way for a person with a brain to buy a mattress. Forget about slumping all over town, comparison shopping in those building and department stores, wasting time, gas and money and then getting ripped off. Call that a mattress at 1-800 Memphis for factory direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense. You pick the day in time for delivery. Any time it's convenient. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. You can't get in the house. I just don't trust a Hank whatever his name is. What's the guy's name? Not Hank Goldberg. Hey, the sales guy. Guerrero. Hank Strand. Anyway, on the web mattress.com or call him toll free at 1-800-MATT-RES. We walk the last S because it stands for savings and stupid saleshold. The biggest name. So, best talent for this is the old Roger S Force Radio 560. If you pay a M. I'm a man. I'm a man. Yes. You will have a match. I need to light my shoelaces. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. When there's a bomb in my shoe, and the melody in my heart, I can let you continue to feel it, when I blow the flame of my feet, you'll fulfill that fine piece. Please, you don't say to allow me. Your life is worth to take in, for my religious reason why, with a bomb on my feet, I'll do it a wet spot on your seats. I'm a man. You buy the time and I'll tie the... I'm a man. When there's a bomb in my shoe, I'm a man. I can let you go. For what I want to do, wait and move. I bear's pain. In your eyes. I can see the beautiful, oh, oh, I can see the beautiful, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, come on. I'm on your boat, on the full left-good news. Morgan news that your buddy Hank, where are you? You should be picking on forehang. Because if you go to www.vallemacris.com, it's just a... automatically goes to mattress.com. It winds up at the right-way of sight either way. So don't be picking on forehang. All right. You want that? I want that. Well, he'll do it. We got it. A pole worker was arrested. It aims charge with a salt and an interview with an election for allegedly choking a voter, and pushing the voter out to door in officials. So this is in Louisville, Kentucky. Election officials called a police and the voter wanted to file charges at Paul McCrain. He spoke some of the... Jefferson County clerk. That about tops off the name of Cranis said. He was immediately clear what sparked the altercation. The name of the pole worker was now released. And Louisville police folks admitted immediately. We turned calls. Seeking trauma. Oh boy. I like that. You're all the table. Talk to them. They're Kentucky. What's this? Nothing. Also facts I can't drop the facts on the floor. It says I find myself caught between two conflicting thoughts on this election. If it's fixed, which I think it is, why the Republicans spending all this GD money, it's all part of their elaborate hopes are they really worried. It's madly I can't wait to see the results. Just give us the house representatives at this point and I'll be squeezing myself until they break down my door. I think the house is in no brain. That's a given. Hey, we think that. We don't know how much fixed and they're going to be doing. I'm fixed to check it out. I'll take it that. I'm fixed in the checkout. I'm going to. Don't do that. I didn't say even. Okay. I said check it out. Who the hell did that take it? It makes so wrong. I should that name should ring a bell. There you go. Candy people. They make their Rogers ice cream. I found that on that website. Really days ago. When you got me all whipped up about that Mary Jane candy and stuff. Because you just will quit. I work. A precinct official in the tent of the Tennessee describes voter turnout as incredible. I'm going to be blitz. And unless you're not busy seeing Elmo, all-in-part precinct says the turnout is much higher than expected. They say a line for me before there was open unusual love before lunch didn't happen. And the voting hasn't slowed all morning. They are pouring out their enchanting of the Tennessee. Which is good if they're voting for Ford. Right? Right. Of course it doesn't say with a very, you know what I mean. I know Memphis is like largely black. Nashville is most at much of red next. Chent-nougat. No. You know anything about chent-nougat? No, I can't say that I do. Oh. South Carolina Governor Mark Sandford probably wishes he checked his pockets before heading out to do this morning. Sandford was turned away from his pouring places. Cameras were rolling because he forgot his voter registration card. This is the governor of South Carolina. He went to vote at Sullivan Island Elementary School. Near his family home, but the photo up went awry. As the governor began looking through his wallet. I don't have the blue card with me. You said. Spive me sheepishly called home to get the numbers, but officials told him he had to present the card itself. Sandford then went to a nearby voter registration office to be shooting a new card and finally was able to catch his balance. Isn't that wonderful? Aw. How low can we go in New Jersey? It says, Pulico's are slinging muds of the last minute. Tom King Jr.'s campaign is charging their vandals. Put a chain in lock on the front door of campaign headquarters last night. Trapping one staffer inside. It appears that Democrats have already resorted relation to a dirty tricks. They've came campaign manager Evan Kazlo and an endist spokesman, a Brian Fallon. I don't know what kind of an aim that is. Brian Fallon counted. We had nothing to do with it. Of course not. This is typical French on election day. It's a ridiculous accusation. The most ridiculous publicity stunts in written these spirits. Three AM Vegas wedding. And turn out as heavy in Virginia where Republicans said it to Georgia and Macauca, which is in a closely watch race against Democrats. You know what? Good. Bigger turn out means no more Macaucawits. It's one of the races that could determine whether Republicans keep control of the Senate. Final independence are showing the two candidates that about even, we've had a one point lead. A board of elections aimless had turned out as high all across Virginia. Some priests are too busy to call in their numbers. They're also severally force of alleged voter intimidation. But elections official caused the complaints anecdotal and difficult to confirm. They says they're going to go those dark folks act them up again. In addition to US House seats in the Senate race, Virginia is also deciding whether to add a ban on same sex marriage to the state's constitution. See, tacking on at almost enough on the ballast man in a lot of states. That brings out all, not all of them, but so many more. But it was good right when religion is to them saying, you know the kind of people who are talking about, you know. Just like the nation down. Just like this in two is just like him. That's why you need to watch that little cartoon that's in there. And that latest packet. It's in there. I say it's in my package. Okay. Republican Jean Schmidt had trouble casting her ballot. Her paper ball is by a scanner in loveland early this morning. The situation captured on video by CNN and FLDWKRC. The election officials put a ballot in a lot box in a lot box and said they've manually entered her vote later. How do you like that? Thank God, around Gordon is lock box. And the polls in Delaware County will remain open next to 2045 minutes to late 45 the night eastern time because of a computer error would let trying to voting machines. The extension was approved by the fifth circuit court of Delaware County after local election officials file the keep the polls open long. The problem really the opening time for more than 70 precincts. The polls in the rest of the state will be closing at the schedule time last polling station shutting down some pia. This is a high in Indiana. In Marion County, paper ball is set to be used in more than 100 precincts because test screens on electronic voting machines weren't working. Well, you know, details details, right? Right. I've never finished that story that nine never did not. But I got time to do it right now. See what good timing? What a excellent. It all falls into get. It's the story by Bill Gallagher from the Niagara Falls reporter about his bush. Out of his mind, crazy person. He says, bush to grade born again, Christian who consulted Jesus with his war plans is presiding with the death of Christianity and Iraq. Christian refugees are fleeing the Syria and lesbian on advanced numbers. Their churches are being burned and they're pre-stepping murdered. Iraq's one million Christians who survived in the land for 2,000 years are immortal peril. Bush's war has made that happen. There's a real prospect that at the end of this conflict. They're simply won't be many of the way of Christians in Iraq all say. Father Jacob Yasuo, the pastor of Detroit, sacred art church shares that fear, his church is on 7-mile road knee toward Nary often called Little Bagdad. The Chaldeans are people loaded in biblical times who settled in Mesopotamia long before the Arabs. St. Thomas the Apostle brought the faith to them and the Chaldeans have plugged their Catholicism ever since. They celebrate mass and error on Mayic, the language Christ spoke. Jesus, their liturgies are beautiful and reflect on the most ancient expressions of Christian worship of God. We never felt as foreigners as strangers in Iraq, Father Yasuo told me as we've had in his office. I've known the priest for years and have been many times grew up in Baghdad and studied for the priesthood there and in Rome. He knows Sodom was standing in a former Iraqi dictator once gave Yasuo 200 grand a government money to build a social center in the risk church. And Father Sodom's large ex. Yasuo was also happy to see him toppled. At least at first, Chaldeans and the Syrian Christians were tolerated in pre-war Iraq. How come before the invasion of working the other under Sodom, why after the fall of that come when our things changing he wondered? The priest described an incident in Bosnia which he had radicals attacked the Christian village. They kidnapped the youngster, killed him and hanged him on a cross-telling him. All Christians will be killed like you're Jesus. In Mosul, a gang of men of set over the Pope from Mars and about Islam, Kidnaf, Father, is Candor Benham. His severed head and limbs were found on top of his body. There's another one of those severed heads. What a great heart of this. Churches are burned and vissips are fleeing. Christian refugees are living in misery. I asked the answer to the obvious question. Was the better under Sodom? Quickly and effectively he replied, much better, Jess. This is what Rumsfeld's fantastic job is done. George W. W. W. Republicans who's supportive of the ASCII interact must be held accountable. Says the Bill Galgrye, P.V. the award-winning commons for the Niagara Falls. And a councilman, too. How you like that? Nothing to make me want to get in the cabin. Go to Fallsview and plunge my guts out. But I'm not going to be here for all of you. I know. Oh, I guess I'm going to keep Can Ice Cream, man. Give her have that now already. Yes, you want to. No, I mean, I'm not going to look for it either. Well, why not? Because I don't want to be a fat boy. Can't find unless you look for it. Don't want to be a fat boy. And ice cream too. I don't think about me, man. I'm always looking for it. Something's sweet. Sweet. Prop 50, 65, 60, like a movie, Max Pond, which you'll have in there too. Or you're like that. Can't wait. You will like that. And try to pay attention to the story line in the story. Just because your sweetheart's garlics are heart-sins in there. Look and really, if you look to us in blind, lovely and. Yeah, squeaky clue. Yeah, kind of like Brian Smith. Well, you're a foot-time, man. You're into that. You've got to have foot-bad straight. And anybody else out there who really is in the feet. It take care of your own feet. That's all I can tell you. Forget about everybody else's feet. Just keep your nose out of them. And they stink. Her brandies carries all the top names and shoes. And this is the place to get your feet messy. They got four of Shrine, echo, Mufisto, rockport, Hushbuppies, new balance, which I love. And all the other name brand sizes and all. Shoes and all sizes of random women. Even they carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. In fact, brandies is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida. Go see our good buddy Arnie. How make sure you get the right of your shoes for your feet every time. And it'll be the price too. That's why brandies are still around after all these years. While they live as if coming gone. Brandies, you'll find them at 12.90 or federal highway in Pomp and a beach right between Atlantic and Copens on the East Side. You can't miss it. And brandies is open every day for you. Monday through Saturday's till nine. And every Sunday till five. And this week is a great time to buy men's floor shivet. Brandies save 10 to 20 bucks per pair. So be sure to get your fan asked into Brandies this week and save some cash or New Year's shoe shopping right on their website at Brandies Shoes.com. The biggest name of the best talent to be seen from the old Rogers Force Radio 5 series. And you can't. And I think you can't refuse. It's the new Rogers wonderful. We are American April. Real American April. We salute you. Miss election day. I'd eat checkers, volunteer ladies. Three hundred and sixty-four days a year. You're most important contribution to society. Is turning the blinker off on your party at Bonnivin. But not today. I want to be a Mexican. No. Today you decide who gets sugar cookies after they vote. And who gets oatmeal. Thank you for bonnivin. You may not know a thing about the polls. But you're a Mexican. You're a Mexican. You're a Mexican. But you know the difference. Be between my crown on name. My crown on fifth. And my crown on Columbus. And that's why you're here. Whoa, all the people in your name are on! You are the 10th year. Our ladies are so jury. And you didn't even have to sleep with a candidate. Take your job. Unlike that Hussein. At a wuss. So we salute you. And we salute you. And we salute you. We salute you. And we salute you. Our real African episode. One out to a five sixty. A selection day may be back there in the early off an over and over again several times. But turn me. Every time if you vote the right way. If you vote the left way. That's the right way. Right. Two police officers, two Burger King court For Asian-famous. from Albuquerque, New Mexico, and the other New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, The office is native about Hathenburg, is before discovering marijuana on the meat. All men actually do something when they discover pot on your meat. They used a field test to confirm the substance was pot, then went to a hospital for medical evaluation. It gives a whole lot of meaning to the word wapher of the office of the attorney, San Regan City, yesterday. The idea that these hoodlums will put marijuana to my hand, but they're there for our attempt to impair law enforcement officers trying to do their jobs is outrageous. But it takes the edge up the crystal method of storing. Three berber key employees were arrested charged with possession marijuana, aggravated battery and officer affelony, and later indicted. The lawsuit filed Friday in Bernal Lilloc, Bernal Lillo County, alleges personal injury, negligence, battery and violation of air practices, and seeks unspecified damages along with legal costs, officials and mommy-based berber key declined a comment, citing company policy against discussing pending litigation. How do you like that? They sold pot burgers to cops. Capture to give an extra tip when you think, really. But they had to bring in a hazmat team, or whatever it was, they had to go through a big solenoid dance. All they're going to have one, two, three, four. A Mitchell Lennberry's product, it all end verys white. Until I saw the time-life malt shop series, there would Bobby Wiedell, until I saw that in former solenoidver even seen Lennberry before. You know, one, two, three, Lennberry's always like who's black. And then you see these people on there. You've never seen before, and quite frankly, most of me don't want to see again. But Lennberry's white. I mean, that important, no. Not that it makes any difference, it's just, you know, a little more common to it. And little Anthony, you know, from Lennberry Antimee in the Imperials, tears on my pillow, or was that a little Caesar? No little Anthony? Yeah, no more. Party with him. He was like, they seen your Winston-Slow-Kin guy. You know what I mean? He had like a small head in the big mouth. I never noticed. Well, if you watched the informers, so if you'd stop being such a hard ass, and watch some of those very entertaining informers like John, I watch. That's right. John, watch the meeting. Real men don't watch in for commercials, do they? It's a great thing for Uncle Peelas, and all I want to do is see what I want to see. You've never gotten your flavor waves, not too happy about that. That's right. On this weekend's McLaughlin report, I'm going to have to play that. Please. Host John McLaughlin, defended Democratic Senator John Terry by suggesting that he was telling the truth on Iraq. He also wondered if he was laughable to think that words could lower the morality of US troops who already recognized themselves to be in a clagmire in Iraq. The former advisory and Nixon predicted that a democratic take over stage election will be a referendum on George W. W. Bush, and his handling of the Iraq war, he said the verdict was clear that it would be a bust for Bush. With hours to go, the electoral ocean is heeding McLaughlin said tsunami energy is within and restless for release. Its first signals are clear a political earthquake is on the way like 1994 and 1938 and 1894. McLaughlin said that the House of Representatives will be lost by the Republicans and that the Senate could also age and be democratic column. While discussing the generation pens of any which all five panelists agreed would be won by the Democratic Challenger, Bob Casey Jr. Tony blankly that fat right we Nazi the British consumer and the Trump Pigilitor for the Washington Times claimed that Casey's defending a John Kerry standard American troops has given the Republican Senator Rick Santorum one last issue to fight with this weekend. Corridor behind McLaughlin blankly admitted that there weren't any polls which all gains by Santorum on this, but that it was a great issue since Pennsylvania's great military state. Well, Tony, head to your best to now when McLaughlin said, Santorum is going to suffer a well-deserving humiliating defeat, the Democratic League MSNBC poll aimless Lawrence O'Donnell chimed in. Later in the Sherman Grough, an active Kerry's gap would be a tactical boom of the GOP in the closing days before the election he asked and Pat Buchanan and O'Donnell and Eleanor Cliff, Eleanor Giersfroner and the hosts said it didn't believe so, but blankly said that the decorated Vietnam veterans long history of signing American troops and insisted the attack is going to have a price. That's only blankly, we've ever seen him? No. Fat British right wing, all these British punits are always right wing Nazis. Oh, brother. And anyway. So that's the take on the McLaughlin and company, which I don't see that normal because I don't watch us seeing we see on the weekend. I don't watch CNBC during the week either. You? No. Check out your investments. No. 1246 votes on the full. I'll tell you one thing, can see if this is good. I think maybe in the back of your mind, you know, if we don't need that running heads start today. That's right. It's all whipped up. And it's election day. If they're not whipped up today, then they'll never be. Now what are we going to do tomorrow? I think I'll call in sick. Yeah, we got a count of old. That's right. Tomorrow we can analyze and we bring our hands. We can deliver celebration. How about some celebratory ice cream tomorrow? Don't do it. Sounds like a real plan to me from a reaction. Ice cream. Probably. They give me guys last more tubs of, oh, like Rocky Rose swimming and hot. So they're trying to recover from that swimming and real hot hot. That's just hot, you know. But really, really hot. If you're by a jar of smokers have fudge and put it like put it in a, like a little cup and put it in the microwave and nuked for about 10 15 seconds and make it nice and really hot. I just put the whole jar in there. And then I guess I was a part of the, even though the jar of the syrup is not going to have it done that. A more than enough stuff. And there's a world for a junior. I don't know what else wrong with him. And other than the fact he's got a little bit of a tan suggesting that if you lose the people. Tell me if you're kicking ass in Tennessee. Guess who we're not going to do something? No, I think if any of the day if we don't win, it won't be because of anything that the national public in party is suggested in these awful, sweet, the ads. It'll be because we didn't want to strong enough can't paint. But I got a great great feeling. We're going to win this. Go ahead, Harold. You go, you're going to do it. They got a big turnout there in Tennessee, which means a lot of the redness to come out of the hills. They've got to come in from an entry. I'm not saying that thing normal. I'm not getting it in a point in that. Yeah, right. Do it. You cut it up right after that part of it. Get out of here. Did this morning, you cut it right up real nice. First of all, I'm not doing it. I'm not going to tell you. You talk me to it. Is already we won that take back. I'll be getting it. What you know. Wait, a million miles before you. It's got all other stuff on it. It's got that Clinton stuff. And got one of those. We're kind of filth has got on it. Oh, yeah. You're hoping for. Yes, sir. I'm being the perfect that you are. Gorvidal says, well, first of all, the article says, an editor's note on the even of the publication of his new memoir, Point to Point Navigation. Iconic author and historian Gorvidal said that when it's so specific, if any one of you would truth, they get it, or Robert Sheer and operate a plea to America regarding the November 7 election. He said, this is the most important vote you'll probably ever cast because should this gang of fluggish continuing the two houses of Congress, there was an any chance of getting the Constitution back. He says, we're facing the most important election in my lifetime, which is not quite a stand back to that in a labor hamlick and but it's pretty close. There'll be nothing more important in the voting line than one can foresee that will come our way while any of us is still hobbling around. This will determine whether we regain the Republic, which we've lost over the last five years. The coup to tell was so rapid that even I, whom ready for such things, I thought these people are going to make a grand for it. But I thought my heavens are still the courts. Even a shameless Supreme Court isn't going to back up the loss of habeas corpus. So my fellow countrymen as I sit here, not yet again, he's Berg. I have a notion that this is the most important vote you'll probably ever cast because should this gang of thugs continue in the two houses of Congress, there isn't any chance to get in the Constitution back. This is the last chance, really, by getting some new chairperson to have committees in the house to have a clean sweep, which in normal times, if we'd ever enjoyed them, would have been by now. Now it has got to have an or welcome to the third right. So it's Gorbidol. You go, Gor. Hey, Gor. You're fair. You go. Got a nice joint there in Italy. Have you seen that? No, Ravello was at the place where he lives with his partner. The idea. I know you're coast on the west coast of Italy. We're up there in the last one, Tanya. Well, I guarantee he's worthy. He was born in a lot of money too, and of course he's made a few bucks in this time, Gor. But nevertheless, there's a fact that says, from Kerry and Weston just got done voting at a chance to review the voting law, the little old lady kept flipping through all the pages to find my name. It's just so happen. I didn't see any signatures next to these identified as Republicans who signed a log. Is this just an anomaly or an all the go in the side of stay home today? Oh, good to go. I am our stay in home. And you know who's called it is? I'm going to tell you right now, if a lot of the go in the stay home. Come and listen to us, story about a preacher named, say, yeah, I'll light up that. Also, please, my senior leader of the Sunson Law of the Tura Board, which they refused to print off. I've sent them this type of letter. Each tender went article on the shark, fine race. Okay. I'm sure the letter is right here. Short and sweet. It says you choose to keep writing articles about the client's shark race, send it primarily and how much money each candidate is raised. What this race continues to be about is whether or not we as a society or can continue to tolerate an illegal war, a phony Medicare prescription drug program, instrumentable budget deficits, and a champion of the constitution, and even a few of the issues you seem to want to gloss over. That's what this race is about. Mr. Strauss has been a neighbor of the President of the nation's misguided policies for far too long and it's high time for a change. I find it rather curious you don't see it that way. Well, keep this in mind, Gary. These are the same people that won't not marry a word of the Sunson Law of the Harold about mischrist, yay. You know, hypocrite. Lyr, who wants to be your next governor and probably will be a tensor MSM baby. That's your main stream media. Nice going, Gary. Stick into him, baby. Go down there and like, you know, pee on your doorstep. Grab a little, grab a little sack with some tootsie rules on their doorstep. Right big ass tootsie rule. See there goes with the candy again. I never was really big on tootsie rules, you know. I love to two rules. You do? Oh yeah. Oh. I mean, you know, like Charlie and I were just talking about fuck. Get out of here. Solid, fudge, my ass. I'll bet. Don't fix the name. So best talent to be this is wheeled Roger's sports video 560. You a damn. Yeah. So the most listen to pre-game show for Dolphin is the real pre-game show. Delivered by EPS. Number two. Number two. Point, Pat Riley and Nick Saban. Take you back to, you know, all of our youth when we were young and frisky. And you go out there on the street and you say, hmm. Hey, baby. Let's go back to my place. Let's play Cowboys and Indians under the covers. And then, you know, after a while, you figure out, you know, roses, maybe a little chocolate. You know, it's just a matter of perception and deliverance. So real pre-game show. Delivered by EPS. Meaturing the Medogs. You managed. It's Sunday's September. And exclusive presentation of Sports Video 560. QAM. Joy's Bus doesn't care about Black Feet. Notice that you're the polls from the election. Sir, they're going to carry a ballgame today. So what do you call the Boston Joe's view homework? What you don't, you get stuck in a round. Anybody who is, uh, uh, is ought to understand the consequences of the world. Both parties are pulling out all the stops. Chicken tired of a whole bunch of Republicans in the patch. See you down in the space. Military are playing a part. It's something for us all. Good. You've got to tell us. I'm going to say that you're going to be a part of the party. I'm going to say that you're going to be a part of the party. And apparently, I'm not supposed to talk to you until I symptoms go in. There's a lot of confusion about Prophecy Sauce Tax. They're a bit... Oh, yeah. No, no. Yeah, floating. Yeah. You do the ground. You go, yeah. Raise gas prices. Shave without raising taxes. More to benefit on 4-0. And it gives you lots of seeds. And it's a one 18 and five 60 WQM. Happy election day to go out there. A vote for a five ten time. Four days after she sent you was raped. The accuser and the duplicated cross case told co-workers that a hilder rose to a plump. That she was going to get money from some boys at a duplicated party. You had him pay their clubs former saw security managers say. I'm going to get paid by the white boys, H.P. Thomas. Former security manager at the Platinum Club said an interview on Friday. I said whatever because no one takes her seriously. On March 14, the one said she was assaulted and raped it by three men at a lacrosse team party. That began late on the night of March 13. Three players, David Evans 23 of Bethesda Merlin, Colin Finnerty, 20 of Gordon Zimmy York. And we'd sell him in 20 of us, it falls New Jersey. It benchards with rape sexual assault and kidnapping. All three of the clear their innocence and call the accusations lies. The room district attorney Mike Neefong declined to comment on Thomas' recollections. Thomas said he hadn't previously come forward on the advice of lawyers. Neefong has said in court that nearly a month after the party, the woman was in his office and appeared to traumatize to talk about what happened to her. Neefong said that throughout the April 11 meeting with Neefong and police officers. The woman seemed near tears and had trouble making eye contact. But less than a week after the party, Thomas said the woman seemed fine. And weeks later he realized their friend had a video of her dancing at the club in the early hours of March 26. The accused had never given any indication that the party was a bad time. Little old that she was assaulted to rape Thomas said she was regular with pie. Thomas said she didn't do a damn thing different. I didn't like that. She wanted to get some money from them white boys. The other girls would have known if something had happened to him. Instead of another dancer had been beaten up or raped by a bunch of white boys. They would have been a ruckus. She said they're going to be a ruckus if you guys try to record sh- Record sh- Oh, come on. Well, it just happens to rhyme, okay. But Jesus, Kate Christ, Thomas said, Dances must sign in when they take guest in because of VIP room. He said, though she showed that the woman had signed in March 1718. He said she also danced the following weekend. The club's owner, Victor, Ola Toy, he said the club's record show that the woman was dancing at the club. March 22, 4th and 5th ended. The early hours of the flight six, he has no record of a working previous weekend. He said he'd given a sworn statement to the investigator and I called his office last month. Initially, he sang he hadn't seen the woman since February. That night of the club, all of Toya checked his records and probably investigated back to changes for one statement. But it would be put whatever. Whatever. Whatever you want. I don't think there was no rapes, okay. I know. But nevertheless, club members in the second round of the whole, over going to make 13 easy. In spite of your, you know, little and wrong, I think the because of it. Here's an article from the Washington Post. You'll be a little thumbnail sketch. So, support is a both political parties will have something to be happy about tonight. They probably won't have to stay up for your late to know which way the midterm elections are heading. Aren't you happy about that? Extatic. The key races in Congress are concentrated in the eastern and central times zones. So we ought to have a good sense of the trend relatively early in the evening, said Amy Walther, the nonpartisan cook political report. In the seventh and the principal, after getting six seats to the majority, as if we don't know that, all the one of the most competitive races are in states in the East or midwest. Virginia, Tennessee, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Ohio, and Maryland, the single nail bite of far the west is in. And of course, you know Montana. Right. You're not eating again, are you? No, no, right here. Sounds like you've got food in your, is he eating again? No, we ate earlier, man. Just this second, my teeth. Some of you at a mothful. Most toss-up house races are also first in the states east of the Mississippi. Remember, by watching the federal Republican candidates in Connecticut in New York, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Ohio, political enthusiasts will have a real good idea whether the Democrats are going to win those 15 seats taking to rural housing. They certainly will. Unless the fix is really in big time. Unless they got them Dimble machines all fancy, and gusto it up. It says, never left of a plenty of guessing is the night goes on. Broadcasters never planned to confine their reports to a single hour starting a 10-p and eastern time hosted by their national news anchors. ABC will also feature the midterm elections on nightline for 11  13  midnight and addition to broadcast channels will do live cut-and-strafting evening, but made to results become known. Political juckies will demand a lot more info than that for them. Keible News channels and websites will fill in the gaps. The Keible channel that escapes of the rather usual blanket coverage, the way out. Don't watch that. Well, that's great. I'll tell you that. No. He's only going to, if he, if he's anchoring the coverage only is really candidates are going to win. For people who want their beauty rest of you contest with early pull closing can be seen as harbingers of things to come. Harbingers. Harbingers. I just said. Okay. As Kentucky and Indiana go and let's say, so we'll go to house. And the good news, the pulls in both states will close by 17, and time Nathan Alkenzallas, whose name ends in S. of the nonpartisan Rothenburg Pulitzer report recommends looking at Kentucky, especially if representative Jeff Davis from Public News defeated by former representative of Democrat Can't Lucas Gonzalez and the GOP is in serious jeopardy. That's when you're going to start seeing Alex to back pop up on your screen. If representatives and Northherp and Ron Lewis both Republicans also lose, then public can lost in a house could be sizable. He said. Another bell, while there's Indiana, the consumer of public can Congressmen face tough reelection fights there. John and Haast Taylor, Chris ChaCola and Michael Lisa Drell. Haast Elizabeth, all the given up for lost, but if ChaCola said rather both also go down, the Republican majority in the House would probably fall with them. A list of great. Later the cook political before sees the electoral fate of side friendly freshmen, who is facing former representative of Baron Hill for the third time, is one of the nation's best predictors of the partisan direction of the House. If a Democratic tsunami is hitting Republicans could realistically lose the majority before the polls closed in the P.M. states such as Pennsylvania Gonzalez, but if Republicans can escape these early states down by just three or four seats, it should be considerably moral victory. The cook report list nine Senate races as toss ups and Gonzalez of the Rothenburg report names to them as the ones to keep your eye on. Keep your eye peeled. Senator Jim Talon and Missouri is neck and neck. He's going to lose to Missouri state order term of cancel because of the Senate's all resurfacing on about Missouri's going to lose. And if Virginia Senator McCockowitz has never been stuck with Democrats in web, if Talon loses the GOP majority is in serious jeopardy in the Senate Gonzalez said and it's completely gone of McCockowitz loses. Best of all the polls in both those states Virginia and Missouri closed by a P.M. Eastern time. Hallelujah. So unless I'm going to say they're going to do another one of these deals where they're going to like two for us and one for them. All in after stamp till two three four clock in a morning. Because that would mess up my whole body clock for tomorrow because tomorrow you know what tomorrow is don't you? What by Wednesday? That's correct. In fact tomorrow is another day when you're going to have to change the pool. If you think we can trust and do that, Josh or not, I'll try not to be passed out in the go. A little man of big man. So you know, I'm even a child to do that. High on that little sturdow. That must be what it is. Oh, he just got the math like past your Hagrid. You didn't ever, you know, use it. No, I used it. You never tried it. That's what he said first. In fact, he said a lot of stuff first and all of a sudden all well. Yeah, I'm a liar. I put it on. Yeah. And the M.F. too. 12. 1291. Oh, it's he's in a real math. When you say how we keep in the real math too bad. For it, because me such decades me such tremendous satisfaction seeing these figures, although the problem is you know, after they go through the usual, you know, they take a little hiatus. They sit there on hiatus road. Your whole one. Well, he's already doing that. Yeah, he's still the he's, you know, he's saying the same as all. And he'll be back, he'll be back and all the old getchies there. They'll all be throwing their money. And I, here you go. I'm in the case. The following the center man. We forgive you. We forgive you. No matter what the old is, you killed your divest. That's right. Come home. We love you. Let us give you like a little massage. 26 pounds one a Q.A.M. 50. So the best talent for the business. We are Rogers, 4.0.5.60. S.U.A.M. Senator Kerry, the Republicans have been talking smack about you and sick and tired of a whole bunch of the public in attacks. They said that you've got irritable fouls in drones. That's problems with the uh, the fight. Yeah, that's what they said. So is that it was right. Oh, I'm sorry. You're that. How are you doing now? Oh, you're really nice to have. I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to say that way. Great. And good luck with your ass. Thank you so much. We want to say to really kick the death day. We may be very, very, very, very. We are so big and so big. So big and so, we may be very, very, very, very. One thirty three there's that evil. Well, it is that there's a split-square in IMSNBC to be taken instant pull. The bigger air hole is a Tucker Carlson on left or Rich San Torman right. And you're soon to be former senator from Pennsylvania. Who's it? I'm voting for Rick. The federal bureau investigation, the FBI is looking in the possibility of voter intimidation and the hard fought U.S. and the race between Senator George McCockowitz Allen and Democratic Senator Jim Webb. State officials ordered the Justice Department to date a several complaints of suspicious phone calls to voters who attempted to misdirect or confuse them about election day. According to Gene Jensen, Secretary of Virginia State Board of Elections, Jensen told NBC she'd been contacted by the FBI the FBI and the FBI enrichment refused to comment. State Democratic Party Council, James Myerson, said in a written statement, issued by the Web campaign, he believed Republicans are behind an orchestrated effort to suppress votes for the Democratic Challenger. Republican officials including the executive director of Virginia Republican Party of told NBC, that the GOP and Allen campaign are focused on mobilizing voters and having discouraged anyone from voting. Right. Recent polls against the race was a toss-up. Even Steven, neck-to-neck, no-ours to-nose, asked to ask. In the Washington DC area, NBC clearly affiliated news for reported on its website, a received email from a viewer in Virginia, who said he received a phone call from so-called volunteers, threatening voters with the rest of the cast ballots. And news for reported the viewers email said that after he had voted, he received the call from an unknown caller who said they knew the voter was registered out of state and would be arrested if they voted today. The viewers email state needs been registered voting for Virginia for the last three years and as the Virginia voter registration card to prove it. The Web campaign also said other voters are getting calls telling them that their polling location has changed. Also their allegations that flyers are out of go and let's say skip this election blanketing African American communities. All right. You don't want to keep those drugs all the time. Do you know where the Republicans are? You bet they do. Pete, those darkies home, man. If you vote, you're going to get arrested. They're going to take you away in chains. They're going to lynch your ass. Whatever. You know, of course, it is Virginia, right? And where is the lynx bird in Virginia? Why I think they call a lynx bird? I don't want it. Folks love voting in Daggett County, Utah. He won. They may not live there. Daggett County registered for 947 voters for today's election. Four more than the county's total population, quarterly most recent census figures. Now attorney general Mark Schurtler's office is looking in the complaints of votes stuffing in the county. Democrats has got county clerk Vicki McKee is letting outside of Swaldi. Daggett County for a registration rule to give Republicans an advantage. They say the father of deputy running against Democratic sheriff Allen Campbell has 14 adults registered in his household. He got a heavy duty busy house there, I guess. Well, maybe he's Mormon. The Republican deputy Rick Elzworth told KSL TV that his father's address is being used by family members. The loan property yet to the county would have been, I don't have their own address. Daggett County, which borders Wyoming, Colorado is home of flaming, gorge, National Reckery, Aishneria. What is it? And his vacations, by where many people are second homes. The 2004 census counted $1,045 housing units. Voters with multiple homes are supposed to be only one residence for voting purposes swearing to it on an affidavit. The key told KSL TV, she would ask you voters to file property tax paper showing their primary residence was in the county. A proof of residency isn't required under Utah law. State election chief Michael Craigens said so she can't do that. A key didn't return messages Friday or yesterday from the AP. Sure, how I'm candle than return a message yesterday. A woman who answered a phone list in elsewhere, who had a name said he was at a doctor's appointment, then hung up before the AP could leave a message. Well, you know, what's the fun to have elections if you can't have little hanky spanky going on, right? I'm so little bit. I'm sorry about it. I think Rick Santorum is going to leave a little bit more than little hanky spanky in Pennsylvania. What do I understand? The gun can't. 13 number 16. He is one of the evil doers. Okay. One of the true evil doers of all time. Him and of course Senator McCockowitz, former Senator McCockowitz. We can only hope. Boy, I'm going to be glued to that set. I'm going to be sitting in front of my sand sung for I sure hope that hanko pop up through the middle. I'm going to block off all the awesome returns. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying come and do some weight. No. Tell him I send my love and my which is for a long prosperous life and lose some weight. Remember that opening scene in fancier there is a funeral in Bangkok. Yes. Screaming. I know screaming like a lunatic which she was looking for. I can't believe she's dead. She was one of those people who received like timeless human. I mean, I see what it looks forever. I don't know. Good people they died early and then they've bastard Zilif or ever. miserable rotten, no good. Like, you know, Castro for example, 80. And probably have to be 100. Probably. She's an asshole up in his puppet and a whole deal. Feed him like, you know, some moosh like a lot of apple sauce. Isn't that what you really have like a partial, you know, a lot of mooshy stuff like yogurt. Yogurt and apples. Look at all that rain around Nashville and Tennessee man. Look at Northwards. They have you rain it over you now. It'll stay over you as we go through it. See, today. That'll be one of the races that everyone's going to anticipate. He's a racist. What are you talking about? National. I think racist was the word. I think the Lord is working very mysterious ways to get them uh, clients have been to stay home in Nashville and stay home with their bottle and booze in the up. Doing their usual trailer trash deal. You know, uh, insist is vests. That's what they say in Nashville. Who do you want? Unless if you ain't never been in Tennessee man, you haven't lived. You ain't never been there. I'm in Tennessee, but we have the mountains part. On the other side of the mountains from where we are, is Tennessee and we go there and uh, go, oh geez, let's go back. Yeah, nothing to be fine. I didn't return to a North Carolina West. The biggest name. So the best talent to the biggest system. The O'Rotchers. Force radio 560. You ain't in. That beautiful. In music stores now. George Bush is saying to me. No, I mean, they don't know. No, no, no, no. No, no. That. That's. Grandpa government. stacking up total strength to drag the Bana's government to the What, he belted out of a 16-2-5-60 W to Q-A-M. Verizon near content deal with you, Q, says the Wall Street Journal. Are you excited about that? Nope. You're not very excitable to use things. Just, you know, I understand. Verizon communications ain't the number 2 US telecommunications company is in advanced talks with you, Q. Inc. To bring the website to videos to cell phones and television sets, the Wall Street Journal says today. The deal may give Verizon a marketing edge over its rattlesn into the wireless and cable industries. For a game companies efforts to expand into Internet and entertainment services, the journal says. Under the terms being discussed, customers have Verizon wireless, Verizon's new venture with the vote of home group pick. Won't be able to view some of you Q videos on their cell phones to the carrier's premium fee cash service. Or they would be. What I say won't be, would be. Whatever you'll say. Verizon would also offer you two videos, this is non-demand feature of a TV service is launching throughout the nation. A deal may give Verizon a exclusive right to carry you Q videos for a limited period of time. One person not with knowledge of the discussion told the journal. You Q, personally, need to be bought by WebSurf's leader Google for 1.65 billion. One point 65 billion dollars. Could you imagine what we could do with that? Order pizza for a big tip. Well that sounds good pizza. Can't he set the whole tummy? And now not for me, initials up here. Call him the good fully. It did freak me out for a week and a half said, stay representative Mike Foley, a Cleveland M.Crat. Equipped to hurt from a friend when the congressional paid scandal broke and drove the Like name, US representative Mark Foley, Republican and Florida from Orphus, reshaping the political landscape. Mike Foley 43 who occasionally gets introduced as the good fully for an easy laugh of campaign rallies and was running the keepers legislatively to see. First year about the congressional paid scandal by hitting the date and the help of his brother Dan Foley and his campaigns were county commissioner. As I'm driving down the road, I get a call from my friend on my cell said Mike Foley, sounding half bad to get media coverage, but where are you any with a scandal could stick? He said, I hope this fully scandal and Florida isn't going to hurt you Mike Foley. The first time it comes out of somebody's mouth is like, oh my God, what's this all about? I got it. Fellow Democrats have pointed Mike Foley to a house vacancy in March. The appointment came with a bonus, heading into an off-year election that offered early promised that Democratic success. The blue power district has a voter registration edge of more than 3 to 1 Democratic. Then the fully name hit the headlines, the should hit the fan. Mike Foley said he tried to rationalize what the Mark Foley scandal would affect him. It's my last name on Mike he's March, so it sounds close, Mike Foley said. Every time I look at the headline on the homepage of my computer, it's represented Foley's scandal. That was our Bruce and associate professor communications at John Jordan University. He said anyone familiar with this scandal was likely to know and validate Florida Foley, not at a Ohio Foley. To recognize the name you'd have to be following the story he said. I guess Foley in the story. I guess he doesn't realize it's a lot of stupid people out there. All that's I represent in Foley that found that Peebert, that page Turner. Try to answer this trickles Dennis. 1327 votes on the poll. Our poll is small potatoes compared to what's going on today. They're all, you know what really cracks me up? What cracks you up? Look at that. Men in this 48 came the 41% in Jersey. Men in this is going to win again. For while there was like nippentuck knows to know, and what about McCockowitz and Alenae River Jr. He's called himself a red back in. This guy is a type of Democrat that used to get elected in the south. Yeah. If he is elected, he will be a new Democrat that's going to be pro defense. Very strong in the military. He's going to be a limited government type of guy. And they shall, oh, there's no doubt about it. Again, you look at his writings. Up until he decided to run. Yeah. But the United States Senate is a very conservative man. And it's been very, very, very, very, very much as your Scarborough. What am I listening to him for? God. Here's the fact that says, being the suspicious person I am, I unfortunately think that all this volumid about the last minute of Republican surgery in the polls is the set up for fixing unless you're with a machine's man. Why I hope not, but I voted seven times just in case. Go back and vote 10 or 20 more. Okay. You got to vote a total of at least. I'm just offset the the default six. Man. But I'm saying that they got all these talking heads on the CNN MSNBC. And I'm sure Fox all the way to watch that thing. But the other said that I'm a cockowitz. Yeah. He's, I mean, the fact that he's in a close race. Of course that's Virginia. What does that send you? We're going to Virginia? Yeah. Briefly. Yeah. Grab to a fast. We're not through their real fast. So interesting. The two minute television ad. The door. 146. Now I'm 45. That's no difference. The same the amazing. The last pool. Because the fact that the discussion was not, no message there about issues because the business desk. But also the key wants the truth to come home in a while. Like I said, the fact that it's even closest staggering. I mean, staggering. That's you tell you a lot about Virginia. Look on a map. Does Virginia look like it's in the leaf South? No. Is it? Yes. I just heard it a bit about Indiana. Go in there. Restaurant. Oh, bahotsamah. How do I pull pie? I couldn't believe it. I mean, then waitress's math. I thought like was in Mississippi. I thought I was like an Alabama with a band you want my ass or something like that. Talk about red mix. Indianapolis. Holy moly. The water all they do is drive around at circle on the Friday night. So all they do is drive around and ride like Terry Cumall around and around. How much I got that in here? You do? I do? I got run and run. I think. Yeah. There's about as much chance if I haven't had in here. It's under Perry. I know I got it. You were like. Find a way. Land it goes round. More can he sing? No. Did he look good? No. Was he a pretty dance? No. No. He was a tiny, no. I'm not making any suggestions about that. What do you wonder about some of the people in the early days of Vegas, you know, some of the people in the early days of Vegas, and then you must think of that scene in the Godfather where he's Michael is saying to Al Martino, maybe you could convince some of your friends in the business to go. Sure. I'm sure. Anything for my Godfather. And of course that's just, you know, fiction of course. You can't talk to me. Exactly. That's one of the best scenes when Michael comes to Vegas and Frater was there with what's his name? What's that was? Where was Mo Green? Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Good scene. Anyway, aren't they all though? I mean, you can pick up, you can even go through the whole movie and pick everything in their all grade. Although not as entertaining as my point, I don't think. So I'm trying to, ordinarily, I would like not talk about it a lot because when I get and move before you. And then you watch it, I'll leave it up to you, but I know you're going to enjoy it so much. That's just scarlet Johansson. I'll answer him to enjoy it. And it says sexual or he ended story in a forever. You'll really enjoy it. It's actually like it too. I think there's no factory in a movie by the way, which is one of the very few I can. It's the only way to watch it. You can watch it and ming it on the end that you like it. And nobody will say, oh, yes, another factory. Right. Why? You're not looking forward to that movie? I don't know. I haven't watched it yet. Match points. Scarlet Johansson. I like Scarlet Johansson. Well, you're like her even better. Have you seen this? How confident are you that all the votes have become it honestly today? That's our pull question. Obviously, it's silly question. But it's a kind of crappy, ask on election day. You know, in a stupid question? Yeah. It's a pull. Yeah. I came up with this. My pull man. That was fantastic. That's why you liked it and put it on there. We didn't change the pull real hard. You're on to it. Not very confident for 170, not at all 452 is of like give me a very quick that last facts. Who you can somewhat confident to 140, very confident 81. Those are real believers in America and democracy and honesty and integrity and truth and schmucks 81 say to very confident. I don't give it Schmidt 47. There are 100% sure 26. Those are people if you asked them what they were the week awards. You'd have to, it was what time of day it was. You'd have to look at your watch. And I hate this pull only 11. Soilament day on say 0.8%. That's why it sounds like a very familiar number. The 50's name is so the best challenge of the business is when you're Rogers. Oh, every 9.60. You ain't him. It's day. It's a stupid plan. It's a loop and five six. Oh, W, you ain't him. You're free and freedom is beautiful. And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos. But we totally will. Don't be stupid. It's time I know this. So it's a cheap throwback to the days I'll lose. So what you're gonna do is go on. And I don't know if we don't go on. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan. It's the stupid plan.