This is our witness news. As Secretary of State Connelly the Rife is just back from a diplomat exited to Canada. Somehow this trip conjured up talk of a romantic nature. Relations between Canada and the U.S. are heating off the U.S. Secretary of State and Canada's foreign minister seem to hit it off. Secretary of State, I've always been a fan of yours. Finally, did touch her? Like lovers? I also lost my habit, chance to meet the leaders to members. No! No! You're not! Must be something in the air. I've already lost here. Please come back again. No! Not so innocent. It's just an unlawful trip leader. It's making us hot. So if you've heard of Star Wars, then I'd be one more die for us anyway. Right? You think? I know. We know. 10.05.60. And the new Bob Woodward, Rocky W. Can we kiss and do as a frequent visitor to your president, George W. Isn't that starting to explain a lot? Chilling. Right. Chilling. Anyway, the poll, Sandra were to start because we are really finished yesterdays poll. That's my bet. I'm not going to read that again about how much you listen to me. By the way, let's talk about some ladies go. Right! Sigh. Sigh. Oh God. There you go. I didn't say bull dice for us while saying different things anyway. That's a good point. Why can't we do any straight women play golf? They're probably... I would... It's okay. Bob, third man. It's okay. What? That they're... that they're lesbians. I see. Anyway, last time we did that poll about Are you... have you ever had a homosexual experience? It was... I don't know how many years ago, but like probably three, four years ago, anyway, at least. How long we've been doing these polls? She is years. About maybe six years? That sounds bad, right? It's a long time ago we took this. And the thing that's incredibly disturbing is we've lost 26 gay listeners in the meantime. And Hispanic listeners gay 50 we've lost. So there's 41, or they're lying. Well, maybe it's not as T.C. anymore as it used to be. Because you know how we trace the URL, so we're going to out all these people. That's right. Anybody that voted the S.M. gay, you're name will be in the front page of the Harold Amarrow. And you're pretty true. Have you ever had a homosexual experience since our poll right now? 1193 votes were less a lot more than we had the first time. All the way did cheat and stir it this yesterday, right at the S.M. of the show. Speaking of S.M. No, also we never had this on the first time. No, you feel fair. I didn't have to drop it. No, you feel very, very 90. You're very, absolutely not. It's here in the 79. Let's see the first time we did this 548, so that's absolutely not. But that included both categories. A few fewer experiences, 130. You know, every now and then, they're like every other Thursday. A few 130. In other words, more than once. First time we did it more than once was 105. Yes, once. Solomon, you know, 130. That was enough. Yes, once had 105 the first time we done this. Of course, I'm Hispanic 97. I wasn't nearly as popular. That came in second the first time we did this poll. 112 people said that the first time. But now only 97. And a percent was like almost 12 percent. The first time, absolutely 8 percent. Yes, I'm gay. What do you expect 52 the first time we did the poll? 77 people say, yes. I'm gay. Now you like that. So that's the real mystery. And I hate this poll only 22, 1.8 percent. I'm 1200 votes. We got 1200 votes already. What do you say? Oh, right. No, I'm saying it. Pretty much. I started the poll a lot about four weeks ago. But that's all right. It's a little bit different to me. More good news from my rack. Let's get this out of the way right off the bat. So I don't get accused of, you know, being on everybody's parade. The bodies of 40 men who were shot and had their hands at feet found have been found in the capital of the past 24 hours police in Iraq today. Well, that's 40 a dead people. You know, among friends. All the victim showed signs of torture, police Lieutenant Thayer Mothmood said, oh, Mothmood. They were dumped in several neighborhoods in both eastern and western Baghdad. The top US military spokesman in Iraq, major general William Colbert. Yesterday said murderous executions are currently the main causes of the intestine Baghdad. It's a blood bath. Much of the violence has been attributed to death squads. Many of which are thought to be offshoots of mainly Shiite militias. Also today, two Iraqi soldiers were killed and ten others were injured. And a suicide car bombing in part of Baghdad were American and Iraqi troops to just get up to their security. So we obviously didn't do a very thorough job. They liked that. They just got finished with their, they were sweeping it. And a, when a bomba, good on day. Remember that story we had yesterday about the, uh, little contratams on the flight from Peru to Miami. Yeah. This is, this is better, even better. We thought, well, it was a little more detail now. By the way, uh, T.O. did not try to commit suicide. Anybody believe that? No. I had to commit suicide. I told you he didn't. Now he wouldn't do that. We just found that one or two more, uh, queen, I mean, the gay people out there. Insults in elbows and an iPod trigger near brawl on Lima to Miami flight. Told you this, the dangerous. Well, said. Plains your iPods. I puppy. I like my iPod. I don't give a crap what you say. But the spirit between two passengers over personal hygiene and an iPod boiled over to Dramatic confrontation. Oh, by the way, I should mention I got a good machini yesterday. And I'm amazing. How we've kind of skeptical. Two Wednesdays in a row. Found a really hot machiner. You know, I know the sound silly because I've had 20 days when I've lost my answer, but I started to feel guilty hot machiner. You know, I know the sound silly because I've had 20 days when I've lost my answer, but I started to feel guilty because people are looking, you know, like, I just, I had this, I don't know, I had a permanent unit that machin number two. I was, oh, doing okay. And the other one I was on. I had a 500 on the wheel. I saw the head right off the bed. But that number two, I just had a feeling. You ever have a strong feeling about a number two? Yeah, probably really. Right now is that effect. Yeah. And I set down that machiner to give me two spins of 500 of piece within like about three four minutes. And I'm thinking, well, that's pretty damn good. Yeah, that's pretty unusual. Then about five minutes later, I get 1500 on the line. And people are saying, wow, that's a good one. And of course, what they really think is you bastard, why do you not? Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's what they're thinking. Then about a few four minutes later, I get 400 on the line. You know, like, red seven, purple seven five times, 400 more on the line. So again, this is a hot machin line. Then maybe 10 minutes later, I get a spin for a thousand. And this couple of next to me, they'll like, I think they're ready to take out a crowbar and start attacking me with it. Where is the magnet you faggot? And then like, I start getting a spin for like 60 almost right away. And I'm playing a couple more minutes. I get another spin, another thousand. I like that, Josh. That's a good day. It was very good day. And I good day. That's what I said. Good day. And I paid me. Went home. I wasn't on my five last week. Took me to six this week. So I was everything I changed the pool. How do you like that man? Just a little, I don't know what that is. Is that called a psychic? A permanent, it's blind luck is what it's luck. But no, but I had a feeling about that machin line. That number two machin. I'm a psychic. But I should do is when I go in there, she just stand there like, you know, you're regulate. Feel it? Yeah, you stand there and like, look around and close my eyes. And then if there's somebody on the machine that I get to vibes on, just drag them off the machin. Maybe you could get a divining rod. And then not bad. I've seen a few of those. I bet. It would divine. A dispute between two passengers over personal hygiene and eye-pied vote over and they dramatic confrontation. They resulted in FBI investigation authority said it happened on American Airlines Flight 918 originating in Lima, Peru, it involved two men. I see the thing about personal hygiene. I can understand that. How many times have I told you those stories, especially at woodbots? Oh man, somebody playing next to you want to swim. Oh God. Have you ever seen a bar of soap? It involved two men. A 56 year old Japanese national and a 20 year old jockey from Louisville. Your names were not released. I didn't know that part about the jockey. I didn't even see that. I didn't like that. Yeah. Witnesses said they noticed the older past directing strangely from the beginning of the flight. Maybe the jockey had some horse droppings on his boots. Even before the confrontation he left his assigned seat and laid down in the aisle. They said, ha ha. They go to the gut. And it's a little strange. He also asked for a glass of water and poured it on his head. According to FBI spokeswoman Jodi or a whale line. That's a little unusually laid down in the aisle and poured it last water on his head. A year like he was having a panic attack said, Marisela, a passenger who didn't give her last name. I wonder she's Kim Demer's greasy ass. Matters escalated when the man said down beside the 20 year old from Kentucky, the jockey. Roughly two hours into the flight the older man made a comment about the younger man's personal hygiene and sprayed him with perfume. How to get the perfume on a plane? That's a good question. Yeah. The younger man took out an iPod presumably to attempt to ignore his neighbor according to investigators, but this only agitated the older man furthering began an elbowing the young man violently elbowing. The older gentleman thought the iPod wasn't good for the plane or a whale of said he probably thought it was a cell phone. He's an old guy from Peru. He's Japanese. Old Japanese guy. What does he know from iPod? Although probably was made in Japan. Probably. Past years became frightened. He had a lot of his brain nervous and who will you an eye on? Any better one point the older man reached for an emergency handle on a aircraft door. The younger man alerted the flight to an older man and he was separated. Your craft arrived in Miami escapes from around six o'clock yesterday morning. What does this is allowed to be playing? But two antagonists were detained for questioning. Because the other occasions in place were international waters, the FBI handling investigation, after several brief interviews the men were free to go. The younger man continued to smell bad. He continued on the Kentucky. The older man's waiting to fly to Japan. In fact, to get his note of the older man was barred from boarding a flight in Lima earlier this week due to unusual behavior in the airport. In other words, if anybody ever has any proof in God gets on a plane, I'd run off before before it starts getting pushed back, I'd run off the plane. So let me out here. I'll wait for the next one. Whatever the hell that is. Let's see, we're up to 53 a day. And the percentage is dramatically a week. We had like 8.1% gay audience last time and absolutely 4.2% almost half. I mean, that's not about the Kingston trio. Where have all the Faggot's come into? Flowers going. I don't know. I think it's that drop. You fair. That's offensive. You a lot of people listen to something. You better stop playing it, okay? You fair. Wow. These are the days baby. Both music. People dying in Vietnam. Everybody all. They're fine. Women. They're still. I don't know. I was really stuck in that time on you. Didn't you find the MTA? I only need to play it again. Remember? We were already looking for that MTA. We'll be ever returned. I was good. If you lived in Boston, you knew what it was about. If you didn't, you had no idea what the MTA was. I was trying my souls. And before that's just called the tea. People have lost some of the rallied bravely whenever they're right. So, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Oh, look at this. Somebody facts his story. How the hell did I miss this? I'm going to have this in my pile. Pines man cleared and shooting your pet cat. For the mercy killing I understand. The prosecutor said it was a senseless killing of a cat with a treatable skin disease and an undetectable heart condition. This isn't the best copy I've ever seen in my life. It's a little aborey. The defense lawyer said Michael, what does that do? A slave? A shot? Mama. I'll bring you a start. I'll bring you a start. I'll bring you a start. Mama kidding, he's the love of cats, a 14 years to put it out of her misery. Poor Mama, kitty. Hey mama. After hearing two days of testimony, I took a broadster to court jury about 35 minutes yesterday to find him not guilty of animal cruelty. If convicted, this is the steuie, whatever his name is, 38, a pepper pines heavy equipment I've heard of going to prison for up to five years. When the court clerk read the verdict in judge Michael Kappin's courtroom, he gasped through a firsthand and broken detours. To weave neighbors in front testified that Mama kitty, a petite black and white long hair, been in physical decline for several weeks prior to the shooting. Eating poorly, losing hair, misjudging doorways and bleeding from her ears and nose. Other than that, nasty. Yeah. Bleeding from her ears and nose. They had all tools to weave. We needed to do something about Mama kitty. He said he wrestled with a decision and all of a sudden, put him in. There you go. What's so amazing about that? I've always said the best cat is a dead one. Nothing, what's amazing is that they put this guy in trial for it. Yeah, the wasting your taxpayer dollars to have a trial with this. The kitty cat was bleeding and dying and he put her out of her misery. Okay. When he first had anything was 14 years old, believe me. That's for a cat, 14 years too long. The biggest name, so the best cat, I took the business. That's for a life you saw, so if there should be real tonight. That's for a life you can do. Okay. And... Alright. Mods from Delta again. Hangin' on the bus with a couple of friends. Stay police did and inspection once again. And busted me four shrooms and lots of him. On the road my friends. They had the door bus pulling over on the highway. Did it search my friends. And the two-per-gonna with the smoke hit way. Kind of a scoote. Close the door my friends. Come on in, we'll fill the bowl again. Pretty colors from the mushrooms ever end. And look at that, we just made tea and end. Yeah, we got busted on the road again. Alright. Yeah, my vlog comers have ever gone in. We just got busted on the road again. Former Sunday City really man. Just misadestidled, koot. Ten 18 and five, 60, W.Q.A. And here's a great editorial in New York Times. And all the stuff they're getting praised for finally getting off the ranch. Finally, better late than never like the one article said. In this surfing trip. Editorial rushing off a cliff to the New York Times. Here's what happened when this irresponsible Congress reverberates a profoundly important bill to serve the mindless politics of a midterm election. The Bush administration uses Republican-Scare of losing their majority to push through ghastly ideas about anti-terrorism that will make American troops less safe. And do lasting damage to our 217 year old nation of laws while actually doing nothing to protect the nation from terrorists. Democrats betray their principles to avoid less than attack hands or democracies to big loser. Republicans say Congress must act right now to create procedures for charging and trying terrorists because the men accused of plotting the nine-level attacks are available for trial. That's pure propaganda. Those men could have been tried and convicted of long ago, but President Bush chose not to. He held a minute of legal detention. Had them questioned ways that it'll make real trials very hard. And invented a transparently illegal system of kangaroo courts to convict them. It was only after the Supreme Court issued the inevitable ruling, striking down Mr. Bush's shadow penal system, maybe about to disown a verdancy. It serves a cynical goal. Republican strategy is think they can win this fall, not bypassing a good law, but by forcing never-craste vote against the bad one, so that could be made to look soft on terrorism. Last week, the White House and three Republican senators announced a terrible deal on this legislation that gave Mr. Bush most of what he wanted, including a blanket waiver for crimes Americans made of committed and the service of his anti-terrorism policies. The Vice President Dick Cheney and his willing lawmakers then rewrote the rest of the measures that it would give Mr. Bush the power to jail pretty much anyone he wants for his law. As he wants without charging them, to unilaterally reinterpret the Geneva conventions to authorize what normal people consider torture and to deny just as the hundreds of men captured in error. These are some of the bill's biggest flaws. An enemy combatants have dangerously brought definition of illegal enemy combatants in the bill-pensive, dear legal residents of the US, as well as foreign citizens living in their own countries, to somewhere you're asked and indefinitely tend to with no hope of appeal. The President could give the power to apply this label to anybody who wanted. On the Geneva conventions, the bill would repute the end of half century of international precedent by allowing Bush to decide on his own what abusive interrogation methods he considered permissible. At his decision could stay secret, there's no requirement this must be published. On habeas corpus, detainees in US military prisons will lose the basic right to challenge their imprisonment. These cases don't clog the courts nor cattle terrorists, they simply give wrongly imprisoned people a chance to prove their innocence. On judicial review, the courts would have no power to review any aspect of the business system except verdicts by military attribute. The bill would limit appeals in Barley elections based on the Geneva conventions directly or indirectly. All Bush would have to do the lock-up anyone for whoever is declaring an illegal combatant they're not have a trial. On court evidence, it would be permissible if a judge considered it reliable, already a combination in terms and relevant. Corrosions defined in a way that exempts anything done before the passage of the 2005 TV treatment act and anything else misunderstood Bush chooses. On secret evidence, American standards of justice prohibit evidence and testimony that's kept secret from the defendant whether the accuses a corporate executive or a mass murder. But the bill is redrafted by Mr. Cheney seems to weaken protections against such evidence. And on offenses, the definition of torture is unacceptably narrow a virtual repriezably deeply cynical memos The administration produced after 9.11. Rape and sexual assault are defined in a retrograde way that covers only forced or forced activity and not other forms of non-consensual sex. The bill would effectively eliminate the idea of rape as torture. There's none of their time to fix these bills, especially since the few Republicans who call themselves moderates have been whipped into line and the Democratic leadership in the sense of his place that's fine. If there was ever a moment for a filibuster, this was it. We don't blame the Democrats for being frightened. The Republicans have made it clear to use any opportunity to break anyone who votes against this bill as a terrorist in neighbor. But Americans as a future won't remember the pragmatic arguments for caving in a demonstration. They'll know that in 2006, Congress passed a tyrannical law that will be ranked with a low points in American democracy, our generation's version of the Alien and Subition Act. That's the New York Times editorial. And like I said, about time, woke up and sniffed the pansies that are the lielocks, the depotils. Wake up and smell the coffee, especially if it's from Starbucks. Why not a story later about the color brown? Well, real different colors. You're gonna write it. Remember that brown spots on the guys' pants? Yeah. What about it? We can probably use that Starbucks. What we're gonna 56, maybe we'll get to that 70, some of the percentage is very, very low. Because the votes we got 1275, the first time we did that poll was only 947. So we got like over 300 votes more now. So that means we got a lot more people voting on the poll, but just fewer than more. Okay. Which I'm sure makes you very happy. You know, all these years that you've been trying to chase those poor bastards away. What do I care? You, that's just one you relaxed Jesus God. I'm not talking to you anymore. I'm trying to judge. Oh, okay. Yeah. He cares a lot. Hate some baggage. What about his? Republican Charlie Chris. Oh, speaking of that. Okay. What a segue. And I see you leave me down the garden path again. Republican Charlie Chris holds a commanding lead over to McRex. Jim Davis and Florida's race for governor. Help by a barrage of TV ads and strong crossover support from Democrats. Cross over support according to an Orlando Senate poll release Tuesday. Chris leads Davis 51 to 36% it's a landslide, baby. With 11% on the side of another 2% backing other candidates. Like, uh, honey, manooosh. And Ish Kiddil. Chris has had the money to stay on TV. People know him and generally like him said Brad Cooker, an energy and director of Mason Dixon poll. We can research for the Center for the survey for the Sentinel and WESH channel to an Orlando. Wish. But Davis still isn't known to one in five voters. He's a blank slate. And Chris is going to be able to define him anyway. He wants Cooker added. I wonder if he's kind of Larry Cooker. Why are you hoping not for his say? You know that old Larry Cooker, the U.M. coach that everybody wants to get fired. Now fire is old ass. Come on. Then what they're all saying, John? Yeah. You know, my last two games, you can't do that. Only game that they won was against like a little girl's blind school. Much a little girl golfers. Chris to one of Republican nomination by a two to one ratio in the September 5 Par amers been hearing TV ads across Florida since May and is known to a remarkable 98% of Florida voters. Do you know, care about that? More than half of these voters give Chris favorable marks. Based on what I have no idea, but he's a hell of a guy. Man, tell us they think Chris Christ, you know, same thing. In the previous the same Charlie Christ, sure. Jesus and of course Jesus were those sandals and a lot of people said he looked kind of. Hey, Chris, this states attorney general draws support from 24% of registered Democrats a traveling sign for Davis. He's been focused on both three support among labor unions and black voters. Usually, reliable Democratic bases that the nominee clearly steals Bill still feels compelled to woo after the Democratic primary. He's pitching woo. That combat of contest, which Davis won by six points over Rod Smith was still echoing Tuesday with a two formal rivals finally appearing together for the first time since the vote. By contrast, Chris and his defeated primary opponent Tom Gallagher through the state within 48 hours of that contest and a short Republican solidarity, ending into the November Senate General Election. Davis has messages been muted by his lack of money. Chris had almost $2 million in his campaign account by last weekend, which did not include proceeds from a Orlando fundraiser last week featuring bush and ever expected a race $3.3 million for the candidate and the state Republican party. Davis had just $411,000 in the bank court of the campaign reports. Finally, last weekend. Come on. Let's cut the list with some cash man for Jim Davis, George. Oh yeah, I got it right here. I got it right here. I got it right here. I got it right now. Thousands. He's got $400,000 in the other guys. He got like $3.3 plus what was it? Two. They got like $5 million. Yeah. 5.3 million. They got $411,000. They haven't got a Chinatown chance in Okinawa. Davis's only age is among black voters. The Tampa Congressman leads Chris 79 to 7% among blacks. And we need to get it all the black people out voting. Sure, follow my people home. Is that the way to do it? Kind of turn around it. Do it. Take back his image. Turn around his fair play. That's what what's his name used to stand a Hollywood Squarespace Peter Marshall. Have with that Peter Marshall. Turn about his fair play. What a good hell that means. What would come back? We're going to go over the list of all the great stars from the Hollywood Squarespace. Like Cliff Arcette, Charlie Weaver, Paul Lynn, Paul Lynn, Vincent Price, George Govel, buddy Hackett. Yes, he could. The world's chanting. My rose Marie. Wow, God. Probably 99 votes on the pool. And 58 say yes. Yeah, I think that. Where have all the things? The biggest thing. The best talent. The biggest is we rock for Squidio 560. You're gay. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes. This Mr. Rogers? Speaking. Mr. Rogers. Reverend Jones here. You're another. Another funny reverend here. You're having a controversial show today on all of us from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on the past. No, we're not talking about calling from the past. You're gay. It's a bit that you're doing. Sure. What are you talking about? You're playing old bits. No. No, I'm not. I wear a wig. We had a call a while back. And I guess you did a tape. And you made some type of a cart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? That was the part that gave it to her. That was one of my. Yes, sir. You appreciate to not play that. I like to read it. You read it later. You read it later. You're gay. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. There'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No. You're gay. What was he trying to say? You're gay. You're gay. You're ferocious. I know you missed him all the time. I know you missed him a lot. Oh yeah. So I figured it's not that important. You know, just to make up for all that lost time. We kept the best part of it. Yeah. That's right. Back then. 1312 votes on the full today. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? We're not tracing the calls. Don't pay any attention to your daughter. There will be a little luck on your daughter. And they will drag your ass away. Maybe the rest of you too. 1302. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No. You're fery. For 120. Absolutely not. 409. A few. And well, if you could be like anywhere from like five or six or maybe 20 or about 30 minutes. 20 or 30. Just a few. In fact, that would be a good full question for you to take one day. How many homosexual experiences does it take to make you gay? Two of them saying? Okay. On a right answer. One. Sure. That's that would be your answer. Because you said you're hard at and so would all this fake guys agree with me. Yeah. Who's that? The gay guys. Oh, like me. A few 149. Yes. 141. Of course. I'm Hispanic 102. That's 10 Shia. What we had the first time we did the Paul 80 a million years ago. Yes. I'm gay. 59. That's 18 Shia. We're still the short of that 77. And I hate this Paul only 23.17%. What's the hate about this Paul? Nothing. Maybe it's something gay. 300. Maybe it's because it's gay. Is that what it is? It's a little gay. Speaking of that, according to Pulitzer winning Washington Post-Urenals, I think that's a post is a Pulitzer Prize winning Washington Post. What is this on a raw story? Well, what do they know? Bob Woodward says former National Security Adviser in Secretary of State Henry Kissinger makes regular visits to see President Bush. Doesn't that tell you a lot about what somebody is in people are dying all over the world. I think you should get one. This war criminal is a regular visit to see your president. While against that, he will map take a little of their anymore, so we've got to have somebody come in to see him. Woodward is sent to appear on Sunday's edition of 60 minutes to talk about his new book, State of denial, Bush had war three, which will hit the booksters on Monday. The massive columnist list meant first reported to the scoop of a Kissinger in their column published earlier today at the New York Post. One thing the bland course I can't click on the New York Post website because anything it's got to do with the Rupert Word Act, my computer automatically filters out. It's got a BS folder. One thing the book will tell us is that former Secretary of State and National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger is a regular visited a president of Bush roast. Smith, the president likes to receive visits from Nixon's former and most famous aide, and he urges Dr. Kissinger to call him any time he's in Washington to column goes on. This will come as a surprise to the many who think the president doesn't listen to anybody if you wrote. Maybe just listen to all the wrong people think like Dick Cheney and the Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and the Whiteham Crystal, all the Neocons. These are the guys that put the condon Neocon, that put the of Rave and gravy. And for David Greeney, line? They put the gravy and gravy. Kissinger, well we know about this, he did this to Nixon and that with Ford and the killed a lot of people in line through his teeth. In November 2002, Bush appointed Kissinger to head the 9th level of independent commission, soon after many not 11 families complained and the media was like shortly in pupying and like spitting blood and Kissinger stepped down setting possible conflicts of interest due to his consulting firm. Right. And the fact that nobody wanted the Bush Rovo V. of NOM and Cambodia and the compulsive liar, see I'm starting to get like a tongue tie. It's me so furious and angry. Kissing fired up, someone's like talking about ladies' golf. What are we doing to show on that ladies' golf? Yeah, I know you're going to play that another dice thing. Throw with that, can't play a NOML. Can't play that NOML, a NOML, can't do it. That's clean. LPG A, the herd is your get out of here. What's that got in there that's objectionable? Something a rapper, a rapper, a rapper, a rapper, a rapper, a rapper. You're crazy. You're right. Another story. What's the matter with lesbian, off the floor? You're not going to be a dog for change. You tell we're in a dog in new balls. Right, right off the bat, you're in trouble. Right off the bat. I know Donna Shalavis very upset about them hitting balls. She's really peered about that. Early Donna. Why not? Who doesn't they play hugely again this way? Houston must be really bad, huh? Other bug that. They're all right. We got the dolphins playing the Houston Texans, which is a little girl's expansion NFL team that gets pounded by anybody they play even crappy teams like the dolphins. So there's a Miami win for it. And then the University of Miami, which can't be like a real school or playing little girls team in Houston this way, they can't be very good. How good can they be? They score a lot. I'm not talking about their sex lives. I'm talking about their football. I'm sure that them football players all score a lot. Sometimes would be each other. When nobody's looking or maybe when some guys are looking. Fan asked Governor Jambush. Oh brother. What if we something to get him out of there? Even if we have to put up with Charlie. Yeah. Chris Christ. Governor Jambush will join more than 300,000 middle school students throughout Florida. And then attempt to break the Guinness World Record for most people reading a loud simultaneously in multiple locations. Now they include me on that because I'm reading a loud. Do I get counter or not? Probably not. Jibba die. He probably no one know part of me getting involved in that. The correct Guinness World Record for the largest number of people reading the same piece of literature a loud simultaneously in multiple locations was said in 2004 by 155,528 students from a 737 school throughout the UK. You got those numbers down now? Good. Today, middle school students will attempt to break that record via live public broadcast in webcast at 11 o'clock this morning just a few minutes from the Disney MGM Studios at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Boina, Vista. During the program, Fan asked Governor Bush believe a statewide read aloud session. I wonder if he's going to read my pet goat? Oh, no, he's not. Using a messer from the book Peter and the Starcatchers by Harold humor, humor calmness Dave Verri and Ridley Pearson. humor calmness my ass. Bush will join. And if you know what Dave Verri is like, he reminds me of who's the guy, the twerp that we can't stand. Bill Mark. Bill Mark. That's who reminds me of. Maybe about two inches shorter. Bush will join Lieutenant Governor Tony Jennings and other dignitaries along with 120 middle school students today in just 20 minutes boys and girls. You're ready to read our loud in a in place, by the way. Now you have to read the same literature now, probably not. Not in Florida. Alaska James Mexican wife. Among these South Florida Columbna. Among these South Florida participants will be students at Rambalwood Middle School and Carl Springs, who will most of broadcast and read along. The excerpt students will read can be downloaded from just read Florida website, just read Florida.com. So maybe we can, we'll we get counted if we read our loud and loving a clock from what is the book again? My pet goat. No, it's Peter and the Starcatchers. Hmm. Oh, but it's five day very, I'm not reading that. I know a lot. Everybody's convinced that Dave Verri is very, very funny and he's a lot. All these awards and his calmness and all these newspapers. He's about as funny as cancer of an e-cap man. He is tragic. God. I mean, you know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about. What does this letter mean? He has a state of mind. He is to humor what the Rascal house is to food. A state of mind. Or should have said that about love the Rascal house don't you? Especially when they spill something like on your land. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So best tell us that this is real Rascal. For Shredio 560. You, eh, eh. George Bush doesn't care about black people. I saw V5's theme. Maybe you heard about the gay softwood tournament about to take place down in Nashville. Well, I happen to be the manager of the softwood team and to put them way in. Will we really enjoy putting them way in? Okay? We're looking to play is really on we all. And believe you made this plenty of openings to be filled. Maybe the right man to the job. Listen. We'll do everything we can to get you in your favorite position. He emphasized the squeeze play, the grand slam, thingles, shovels, triples, whatever, you know, tickle if you've said is there. Bases on balls. That sounds painful. Well, it is, but it's a good heard. I think you know what I mean. Listen, whether you're a pitcher, a catcher, or just playing the fields, come on down and try out. Everybody makes the team. To make the team. To make the team. To make the team. And if you can't make the team, you know it's the aborboid. Guys, you don't have to be great. All right. I mean, there's no embarrassed and then if a fly should drop or if your pop-up was something like that. And if you get tagged, that's okay too. I mean, really. But stay safe. What's better than being flat with some odd weather when you're sliding home. No, another speech you might enjoy about the situation. Sweet play games where we're tied up for hours. All right. So listen to the lobby. Come on down and play in one of the tightest divisions you'll ever find. But just remember the rules. If you're not safe, you're out. 1047 and 560. I'm during the break. I finally figured it out where I lost touch with the gay community. Or the so-called, you know what I was? I give up. Brokass mounting. You know what you're right. I forgot about that. The fact that I'm stuck up to that movie and I said it was right. He's a crap and I wouldn't watch the rest of it. And I just shut it off and mince the stream. So to speak. It's a garbage man. There was a big outcry because of that. That would be hoopla. And the gay just turned his thing off. Because we got 59. So yes, I'm gay on this pool. We had 77 out of much fewer votes the first time. We had 8% one percent. I must say, maybe they've been saved. But we got those treatments. You know, and it had those great, right classes therapy. Now maybe they're like X-gays. You can take a pool on that. Jesus can heal you of your homosexual. You can heal it. And cure it. Yeah. I didn't know it was bleeding. Maybe like that cat that was bleeding from the nose in the ears. That was disgusting. Don't forget if he catch that as Jesus. Call a neighbor over to shoot it. The leftist presidential front runner in Ecuador said yesterday that the devil should be insulted by comparisons to President Bush. When we call they dimwitted. He called Bush a dimwitted leader who has done great damage to the world. Raphael Carrera, Korea. C-O-R-R-E-A, Korea. Speaking to Channel 8 television in Keto, Ecuador, refer to a UN speech last weekend by a friend Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez who caused the upper or UNs per calling Bush the devil. El Diablo. Calling Bush the devil is offended the devil said Korea, a US trained economist who leads 12 of the candidates in pools ahead of the October 15 election. He said the devil is evil but intelligent. I believe Bush is a tremendously dimwitted president who has done a great damage to his country into the world. Korea said and we say amen to that. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out. Korea has been highly critical of remarked policies advocated by Washington said he merely expressed personal opinions and promised that if elected between states and at the level of leaders the most absolute respect will be shown. You moron. Come like was John Cretchen called Bush for years ago. You moron. You do fairy. Korea who is an adopted from University of Illinois said as a opinion of Bush did not extend to the American people for me feels great affection. He said he lived in the US when Bush won the presidency in 2000s for what Korea called trickery apparently referring to the allegations in irregularities in Florida voting. Alligations in irregularities which we find most amusing. US MSC did not have immediately respond to call signal comment. Korea has got a always way ahead. Some points at this coast is challenged early on role-boss. Korea 43 is sure for months his economy minister under Al-Qaim prison Alfredo Palacio has rounded the markets with judges to slash Ecuador's foreign debt payments. It is a negotiation or a moratorium. Maryland's on Tuesday Cretchen's recommendation Ecuador has external debt to underweight from market weight and a menacell off by jittery bondholders. What do you say is an insult to the devil? I would agree with that. The devil's in the details. All that devil stuff man just to know. Just to know. And there are people who believe that that's the best part of the whole deal. Most Americans. Get out of here. Believe in the devil. You can't be a Christian without believing in the devil. How do you figure that? It's all part of the same mentality. It's all part of the same philosophy. Get out of here. All right. I don't believe you. Okay. It's a spark. But 1345 votes. We had 947 the first time we did this. But we had a big head start this time. So that would mean we have a lot more people listening now than we did like. Whenever that was years ago. You believe that? No. 60 gay yellow snooze though. Okay. We're out of the closet and say, I'm standing up put up my hand. And that's where they're putting it. But I think I can feel it already. This is a real touching story. You want hear something heartwarming and touching is opposed to all this bloodshed and politics and depressing crap. Yeah. I mean, how can you be jolly in gay? You know, when it's all this depressing news going on. That's probably why those gay people aren't so gay anymore. Let's see. Of course, I'm Hispanic 105. That's 7 triad. 112 was admitted at the first time. I admitted that. I mean, I would say of Hispanic people on the planet now, like probably only 90% of them have got these experiences, which doesn't make them, you know, just a curious, friendly, right? They're like in and around, mountain. Pat Goudinus has finally met her sister. This is such a wonderful story. Human interest story, you know? The kind of stuff they say for the nightly news. Those real feel good stories. They don't pick up your dinner. Pat has finally met her sister 71 years after they were born come in. Eight years of an effort to track her down. These are twins. I've never had anybody in my family. She told Milwaukee Journal, Cental Colomus didn't jim a single of the reunion. Two of the suburban West Alistair restaurant, not far from where a sister, sure, never, wireless. It's hard. All these years I missed with her, regardless, after she and Goudinus who lives near Austin, Texas, shared their first hug and kiss. Single reported that the twins were born to a woman who had been intimate with a married man, they ended up with in different foster homes, and eventually, at St. Joseph orphanage on Milwaukee, South Side. But we were camp separated. We were never in the same room with one another, Goudinus said. Both girls were told by the growing up that they were adopted and headed twin. The efforts by Goudinus to find a sister may significant progress recently when a nun in Chicago, who had archival materials from the orphanage provided her with the name of the people adopted or twin. Isn't this something? It's something. She hired a genealogist to track her down with a public record's a newspaper obituary, and the genealogists showed up at McWire's door recently leading to arrangements for their meeting on Tuesday, and they hugged and kissed after 71 years. All right. Which means they're probably both going to be dead pretty soon. Then say how old they are. Well, maybe it says 71 years after they were born. I guess they're 71. Well, that's not so old, especially if you like almost 64. You know what I mean? Yeah. Not to mention any names. You'll see 71 sounds pretty old when you're like, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God. Like, Josh, probably think 71 is real old, you know? What a geaser. Yeah, that's right. What are old bees are a geaser? How's the bees are doing by the way? Let's talk some hockey. I think they should have led a to nothing last night. Did they judge? Yes. Oh, yeah. I don't know. But they want a game, you know? Excellent. What the hell? What the hell? They always listen to all these early-assubishing games. They don't count. They mean nothing. Of course, any hockey game itself or pretty much means nothing. But that's beside the point. That's not the problem with hockey. That's the problem of the self-reliance man. Very narrow in their scope. Very narrow. All they know from man is football, football, given me the ball, especially the dolphins. They don't care about their hurricanes, especially the loser couple of games. Hurricanes screw them, you know? Very, very bad front running town. 13, 52, I got mine. What can we make today? Besides, chop liver. 1700 years think bacon, I hope. How many made my bacon? Man, it was good. Wait for our crunchy crispy microwave. Mm. 145 seconds. Good stuff. Sniders, by the way. Can't get it there. Too bad. Don't get that lumpy, uh, oh man. A real lumpy microwave, bacon. It comes out like real. No, limp. Like that thick stuff anyway. A bigger part of bacon. Yeah, thick cut. Yeah, thick cut. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay, oh boy. 10, 55. We got the mad dog coming up with two o'clock. We got that new line of mouth. This is the great part about the schedule. Unlike all those months, you know, like between the end of January and just about a month ago. Month ago today, I mean, this is September 28th. August 28th, that was the day we debut the new schedule. And all those months in between, man. It was really, really desperate. Who's on first? Who's on say, is it guilty today? It's going to be, you know, the revolving door schedule. Now we're like, uh, I would say rock solid. Right. You got to be go. Oh, between five and seven, the Kenny and Bow Morning show. It's a part. And they got them at this. And then we're here every day, 10 to two of the, like, it's not mad dog two to four to power. Or with Hank at a mad dog four to five. Whoever came up with that idea was a genius. Hank Goldberg solo five to six thirty. And then you got the Marlins on deck. Is there playing out the string? I got what? Four games left? Yeah. You got the season's over. The reds tonight. Pregame is at six thirty. Marlins in the red seven or five from the stadium. Right up the street. Eddie K. Ten, the round to the ball game. And then they got the full file to fill these for last game. The last season series tomorrow Saturday and Sunday. And that's it, finito. That was that home series. So you got plenty of opportunity out there. Instead of pretending to be a bunch of fart running phonies. They don't need to show up under like given some crap away. To go out there and support your Marlins and show those kids. What your appreciation for the tremendous job they did. And Joe Girardy too even those get his ass fired. Whenever you great get some decent crowds out there to, they won't. So what I talk such crap for I know what I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a worm talking. So I'm saying, hey, don't you care about those hockey shows? Oh, yeah. Why do you stop me from that? Why didn't you like to? I killed. Right. Like a tech rumor would like a, a, a, a drill press or something. So I was like, you came in there when I mentioned that the colors were just going nuts and cursing me out. You and him and, and the key because of losing our minds. Yeah, your reaction was, uh, all you just don't like it. You just don't like having, you just don't like that. Oh, that's true. I don't know how it's out. Well, five Toronto three. Look at that. But it's only an exhibition game. It doesn't come. It's just 1056 and 56 and 56 and 56 and WM. Wait till we do our hockey show tomorrow. Man, that's going to get all the, uh, Yeah, audience back. I think since we traded away, Ray Whitney, the, I get y'all the insisting with us no more. Hey, it's a treat to a beat your feet on the Mississippi muddgiving. Here that Rick we were once told me that. Mm-hmm. He did. He went off the Mississippi and got lots of action over there and then he died. Oh boy, he ever smelled bad or what? I've said you one thing. It's also great to take your feet to brand these in Pablo Beach because they'll take good care of them for you. Brandy's here is all the major brands like floor shine echo Mufisto rock fort, Hush puppy new balance. All the other big name brands and all sizes for men and women even if you have bizarre feet. They can take care of because they even create wide widths and those hard to find sizes. Brandy's is the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida. And when you shop at Brandy's for the first time, we're really going to be impressed. You'll see why I've raved about them for years and years because of when selection is concerned price. And of course personal friendly service, nobody beats Brandy's. You'll see your good buddy Arnie, how make sure you get to ride a fitting shoes at the right price every single time. Brandy's you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Palpano Beach where between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side of the road. You can't miss it open every day the way too open Monday through Saturday still line and every Sunday till 5. And did you know that Brandy's got the largest lesson of essay issues in the entire South East? Well, the answer is they do. Same goes for both shoes. So be sure to get your answer in the Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's shoes.com. The 50s name is the best talent to assist wheel Rogers for radio 560 fuel 8. And this is the Neil Rogers Show. This is your buddy. Any questions? What do you want my son see? The pops of the cheeks. And this is the name made of the state. The bottoms of the race. You must give him a chance to see you. And what would you suggest? So what else can the popping? But all the qualities. The situation is that it's more dumb. And now the one is it's not true. And I think I'm gonna win. Where I'm free. Where I'm free. Yeah. 11 or 2 at 560. So keep open and report to the last line at the end of the show. Screech from Save by the Bells got his own sex video going on here. Not somewhere you. Make sure you miss that. And not speaking of disgusting things and undercover investigation by BBC News finds that China's got a flourishing trade of organs from executed prisoners. China has become the destination of choice for rich foreigners and need of organ transplants. Long hospital Cetican Parada liver for about 100 grand. How do you like that? They've been doing that for years. How do you know that? Anybody have a heart or a liver? It's been news for years. China's got more executions than any other country in the world. Maybe that's why this is good friends of ours. Officials told undercover reporters that executions increased prior to national holidays. So many organs are available for around those times. Wow. Of course it might be a dog liver or something like that because it's always the ear of the dog. Yeah, well they like dog over there. A lot. 1374 votes on the pool and let's see. Gay that we got up to 61. Maybe all 87 will check in on this thing before it's done because it's going to be up there all the rest of the day. I don't know. I shouldn't be doing that anymore. Put the new pool up there before it's like quarter to two. That's bad. Whatever. Well no, it's a throw is off the whole rhythm of the program. The rhythm of the rain. I'll see. Of course I've had a hundred and nine. So only three shy and that. They'll all be on there. It's just that the audience is grown exponentially. That's what what's his name is very afraid of. Joel. What's his name? Joel. Joel. He's a few. They said the cascades in the rhythm of the rain sounds like it's amazing. You know it. Yeah. It comes at Tinkland Sound. I would say 1962 maybe 62 sounds like a winner to me if you ask 63. I was pretty close. I was been in one year. Always a little bit of confidence. Always with in one. Camilo Mahia. All I wonder if he was really to do Carmen Mahia. So he's to play for the pirates. Former MSD International Prisoner of Conscious serve nine months in US Army jail for refusing to return to his Florida Guard unit in Iraq. His Iraq War memoir wrote from our our our our our our our body. The private event of Steph Sergeant Mahia is being published by a new press in next year's spring. He writes giving care was a reason to exist on common dreams. According to a report by 60 US by agencies leaked in New York Times the US Invasion occupation of Iraq is upgrade more global terrorism and energized. Gehadas ideology throughout the world since the night level attacks. The intelligence we poor completed April of this year but still classified. Confidence more optimistic assessments by both the White House and the House. Intelligence committee which you'll plan to American and tell us our safer since the night level of text. The report however also supports our critics of the war especially descending US veterans have been saying all along. That the war in Iraq is actually creating more terrorism. That's what pervert Mashafs said to by the way you know that he also said to some is still alive. He's an Afghanistan boy those two hated to the like poison. Can you imagine the probably we're throwing a halivati each other if I dinner at the White House last night. I imagine anyway Camilo says on March 15, 2004 just before surrender in the military authorities after refusing to return to the war. I give a press conference to both national and international media. A reporter from the University asked me if there was a difference between what was being reported in the US about soldiers in Iraq and my experience there. I told her that morale among US troops contrary to media reports was really low because we like the sense of mission. And because we were all lied to about weapons and mass destruction and connections between Iraq and terrorism to justify the war. And we all of the were giving terrorism a reason to exist with this for us. Fast forward to the Nordic Times article you have the exact same thing only this time reported by 16 US intelligence agencies. Two and a half years later part of the problem is that the public tends to believe whatever the government of corporate media present through its hordes of loyal analysts and experts as fact. I really dismissing the first had experience information brought back by the very same servicemen and women. They allowed the government to send a war without real justification. A more serious problem however would be for the people of the US to allow this new report to be misused for political gain rather than for a more proper action. Be withdrawal of all troops from Iraq. If on challenge the misuse of the report would simply a top Republicans in bashing their second term president in order to secure their party's national nomination. Only six weeks away from their national elections the intelligence report would also wait Democrats in their quest to regain controllable houses of Congress. But regardless of which party takes home the trophy, law constituents should not lose sight lose from sight during either elections that the Iraq war increased terrorist threats to the US. There would be no better reason, no more appropriate time to demand that the government the immediate withdrawal of all US troops from Iraq. At the heart of this mess is not simply which parties to blame for sending our troops into a bound to fail military adventure that actually energized global terrorism. And we have to be both parties obediently stood behind the prison as an illustration of the country to war, but also how to best utilize the information to do right both by the Iraqi people and the world military all while making the world a safer place. The choice is clear and the occupations of Iraq can bring all the troops on. You're all coming off. 1381. I've 14 or the whole ski for you can shake it and I am still too. And that's something. That's something. This isn't old pool that we brought back because let's face it. Coming up with five pull ideas every day. Oh my god my shoulder is just thinking about her. Maybe it's from hitting that machini as to all those times. Like I said I was going to get like a little embarrassed. I mean I'm more than happy to take the money. Yeah. Believe you me, especially after all the contributions that made an answer. I was just so embarrassed to everybody looking at you. Yeah. Yeah. You know what's going on over there. Look at him. They always do that though. You know, sure. At least at least the regular old ladies weren't there coming up saying. Oh you're so lucky. You just want to smash them right in the mouth when they do that. I mean, when you're sitting there losing your ass feeding the machin man and losing. They never come up to you and say, oh boy, you're so unlucky. I feel bad for you. You know, never. Oh, so you said people are jealous. If you win five bucks they're pissed off. Maybe they're pretty sure. I think you're part of the family. Maybe they're afraid to touch you when you're losing. You're not. I mean, what are the people there would buy and I don't want to be touched by or touched them. What's in a while, though? 1386. Have you ever had a homosexual experience feeding a van? I said, wait. No, you're very far in 50. You're very. Absolutely not. For 29. I think a lot of those know you're very vote is it? And they just wanted it just voting for it because they like to. You're far off and that's all. Right? Right. Well, they could vote for either one. So that's 879. And the first time we did that, actually, that was only 548. So we got many, many more votes. We got like 400 and some more votes now because you started to the court in two yesterday. Absolutely not for 29. A few of you experiences. 162. Like maybe 100, 200. 5,000. Yes. 147. So let me say, oh, no, just one. Just, you know, to try it. Of course, I'm Hispanic under 11. Only one try that one. 12. How do you like that? Come out all you Julios out there. Let's start, you know, open up that closet door. It's getting pretty crowded and smelly in there. Yes, I'm gay. 61. We're 16. Sure. Okay. That's 77 from the first pool. And I hate this pool. Only 26, 1.8%. That's pretty low. That's about as low as you can go. 1.8%. Out of 1389. I'm almost 1,400. So we'll find those people. They're just rattling their skeletons around a little bit. And it's personally, can you blame them now with the current environment that exists? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well, you know what I'm talking about? No. With this current neo Nazi regime that we got in power. These are people not very popular to come out and say like, no, no way. Look at Tommy Cruz. He's still in there with John to roll the NR Kelly. And kind of, Lee's understatement to you. Condemned, please, I want him there too with Ann Coder and Miss Fudge. Why is going to really be crowded there and talk about smelling bad? Heather Wachuj. How about you, pardon? Well, Heather is, let's see. She's written the Progressive Handbook called Get The Facts and Make a Difference Now. They progressives Handbook series. And anyway, this is on Common Dreams. So the headline is, anthrac, Iran, and bin Laden waiting for the October surprise. I probably shouldn't keep reading these stories every day about the October surprise because it's not October yet. But it will be very soon. Surprise. Presidential adviser Carl Robes has been touting his October surprise aimed at keeping Republicans in office. Well, Robes will most certainly exploit the fear factor. The question remains if we let ourselves be fooled yet again. You know what Bush said? Can't be fooled in an old saying. Or try to do, right? Don't take it fooled again. Heather says it's worth remembering that only five years ago the US was really under anthrac attacks which killed five people in ground postal services to a halt. It's also worth noting what happened next. Even though the Bush administration soon realized that the anthrac source was domestic, five President Dictany played the work card and claiming, or some have been allowed in this terrorist training manuals, teach how to deploy these kinds of substances. While Congress admirably resisted adopting the Odeus paper he acted in the week, a paper he acted in the week following on 11. Both chambers quickly caved in when two democratic senators offices were subsequently targeted with anthrac sliced letters. Coincidentally Congress also resisted renewing the paper deck in February 2006, but after a nerve agent scare on Capitol Hill led the quarantine of 200 people, once again, they caved in. Huh? The big straight behind the 2001 anthrac detects, however, was never properly covered. The White House staff had started taking sipper when anthrac treatment drug a full week before the first attack even occurred. Ha ha ha. It's just a coincidence. You've got to wonder and of course Keith Oberman was talking about the threat against Tim last night. It was close to the weekend secret and agreement with the FBI and the New York Post out of it and put information in the paper he was really pissed off. And on the way out he, uh, uh, of the hospital, like even sipper to take. Yes. And tracks. You've got to wonder what part of information the Bush administration had and why wasn't communicated to the US public. Just like those, uh, high level officials that weren't flying in the days before 9. 11 remember that and we're taking commercial flights right. Quintet season. So many coincidences and so little time. While serious questions behind the anthrac instance may never be answered, the attacks were phenomenally successful in two ways providing justification for the Bush administration to rev up spending on bio defense and adding more fuel to the fire for the invasion of Iraq. So perhaps real surprise will involve some former domestic bio weapons attack, handling 4 by Bush's superior intelligence capabilities. How intriguing that project bio shield, a 5.6 billion dollar farce aimed to protect any American public air for the anthrac attacks has been getting a lot of flag recently. A little domestic scare might give the administration's pharmaceutical boom dot a more credibility. A second possibility is that roll pants to serve up in Lodden that or live as Bush had originally requested. Recent rumors have been ladden having succumbed to time for its support to possibility, and it was also reported to have died before the 2002 congressional elections. The very thought of eliminating the Lodden might score a hurricane some easy votes, but it's hard to imagine he'll be permanently bumped off until a new equally scary bookie man is made available. The most terrifying prospect is that the October surprise will involve an attack on Iran and also indicate the growing possibility. A US armada of warships including a nuclear aircraft carriers due to arrive offer lands coast in the third week of October and according to retired Air Force Colonel Sam Gardner, the US has already conducting preparatory operations inside the country. Robes may reason that the US attack on Iran's alleged nuclear weapons facilities will be enough for rally to public Iran Republicans come November, but it's a cataclysmic miscalculation. The Iranian military's blow of Zulka for a result of our war games last month. Excuse me? I can't say it again. Demonstrated that the country is armed and ready to fight and Iran's other options are just as devastating activating his blow and setting for the violence in Iraq and interrupting the world's oil supply. All of these are the things. The patent contradiction of waiting for a surprise aside, we've got to show more sophistication this time in pre-empting rows inevitable trick or treat. The stakes are just too high. Trick or treat? I like that. So is that where to get? Do you really want me to read that again? I'm ready to get. The Iranian military's blow of Zulka for a war game. But where did you say? I said it's time for a break. The biggest name. So for this, we'll be your rocker's force radio 560. She's reading the universe now. Oh my god, you really can't. Hey, hey, baby, you're red. The two was all around the attack. That two bids me on it. A monster by the fire. Hey, hey, baby, you're red. Don't let him to fall into me. Baby, yes, fine, two just to find out. You're overbones out of me. Hey, hey, baby, you're red. Don't just stand down between me. The rain would tempt the bullets from raining. Take the movement to the way they see. Now we're going to the best movie we've seen in about 20 years, is that blowback mountain, man. It was really, really. 119, 10, it's 560. Every few of them mad dogs come up and two to staff to know. And let's see, we got big games coming up. We got the Marlins last four games, which mean nothing. You got the Hurray Cains are going to wind up one and three, I think. They're playing a little girl scheme, but they still could lose that game. That's I Houston. No, that's here. Oh, it's there. How many people are going to be there to see Houston? About 30 minutes. Wow. There'll be a lot of empty seats in the boy, you think? Yeah, especially knowing that it's on the goose. Oh, it's on the goose. Yes. You're watching on free TV or go to the bull and bring your own peer re. Your P bag. And then of course, the dolphins that came against that, that's got to be in Houston. Doesn't it? Got to be. Yes. Against the Texans. The Texans couldn't win a fist game. It gave him like a 40-point handicap and started the game. They still couldn't win. They're prophetic. If the dolphins lose that game, oh my god, is there going to be an National City through what? I can't even imagine that happening. Can you? Well, you were saying yesterday, you think it's possible. Oh, I think it'll be a game. Get out of here. I don't think you've all been here. You've seen it all over the Houston playlist season. I'm not going to give it to minutes. Look, I didn't say that they're going to win. I just said that they may, they may kind of see Titans look like world readers, like Super Bowl champs. That's how bad Houston is. Let's talk about ladies. Go. Come on. So anyway, speaking of that Bob Woodward interview on 60 minutes this weekend, the Med Book and the, well, I guess he must have got religion or something Bob Woodward after all, a flaky gut for that, asking a Bush book he wrote a couple years ago. Oh, that was unbelievable. The veteran Washington reporter Bob Woodward tells Mike Wallace that the Bush administration hasn't told the truth regarding the level of violence, especially against US troops in Iraq. He also reveals key intelligence that predicts that the insurgents he will grow worse next year. Oh, my God. And Wallace's interview with Will Riddney, broadcast on 60 minutes this Sunday, October 1. The reporter also plans while the Kissinger we are just having. Among those advising Mr. Bush, that's just visiting here we know. And advising Mr. Bush. Maybe that's why there's all these innocent dead people. Henry's very, he's experienced in that. That's one of his specialities. According to Woodward, in search of the tax against Colis and troops occur on average every 15 minutes, a shocking fact the administration has kept secret. It's given the point now where there are 8, 900 tax a week that's more than a hundred day that's four and hour attacking our forces Woodward says. The situation is getting much worse. He says despite the fact that the White House and the Pentagon are saying in public the opposite. The truth is that the assessment by intelligence experts is that next year, 2007 is going to get worse and in public. You have the president in the Pentagon saying, oh no, things are going to get better he tells Wallace. Now there's public and then there's private. What do they say with the private they stamp it secret? No one is supposed to know he says. The insurgents know what they're doing. They know the level of violence and how effective they are. Who doesn't know the American public Woodward tells Wallace? Woodward also reports that the president and vice president often meet with Henry Kissinger, which we had that before. This is fascinating Woodward says Kissinger is fighting the Vietnam War again because in his view the problem Vietnam was we lost our will. Oh, yes. Kissinger is advice in Iraq he declared very simply victory is the only meaningful exit strategy until everybody is dead just like Vietnam. President Bush is absolutely certain that he has the US and Iraq on the right courses Woodward. Absolutely. So certain is the president on this matter Woodward said that when Mr. Bush had the key Republicans to the White House discuss Iraqi told him, I will not withdraw even if Laura and Brittany and Barney are the only ones supporting me. I will say Brittany because she says we should do whatever the president says. Idiot. Even if Laura and Barney are the only ones supporting me he said. Little bit reported for two years and we'd more than 200 people are fully in top officials in the Bush administration to learn these and other revelations that makes his latest book State of the Nile published by seven and choose to part of the CBS court. Ah, yadiyadiyadiy. Come out Monday. Stay of denial. I wonder if you can hear me clear pattern for that. You know there's not a lot about denial. 14 every 22 votes that's on the 500 more than we had last time we took this pool. That means our audience is growing by Leafs and Bounds Joe. We've got people. Yeah, yeah and you know what it is because we're not taking those great phone calls anymore when I'm on. That's what it is. What? You miss him. Yeah, a lot. Like a drag tumor. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. The thought of that. The thought that even anticipating sitting down here wasting my time with that garbage is so ludicrous man. Ludicrous. How's he doing? They just find it. They're just fine. They're just fine. Derek Z Jackson in the Boston Globe writes multiply the enemy. He says President Bush first declared Iraq to be the central front in his war on Terran. The National. He's televised in December of 2003 just before the second anniversary of 9.11. Two years ago I told Congress in the country that the war on Terran would be a lengthy war. A different kind of war fought on many fronts and many places. Iraq is now the central front he said. Even then top and tells his officials worried about such rhetoric. The very next month the National Intelligence System of Ward in the story. I'm known until night-ritter broke at this year that the unrelenting violence that Iraq air for the US invasion was over local conditions and the presence of US forces. It was not inspired by foreign terrorism as the White House kept on saying. Frankly senior officials simply weren't ready to pay attention to when Alice just they didn't conform to their own optimistic scenarios Robert Hutchings, Chairman of the National Intelligence Council from 2003 to 5.12 Night-ritter. Despite every rationale for the lengthy war being proven false, the central front declaration changed the centerpiece of propaganda but repeatedly central front line two times of peace and fundraising speeches last week in Orlando and in Tampa. And the Tampa speech he said Iraq is a central front in this war on Terran and we've got a plan to defeat the enemy. This rhetoric is a central front to the American people as plan is multiplying the enemy. Iraq war is made the overall terrorism problem worse. A US intelligence official told the New York Times and a story suddenly on that classified NIE report on the Territory threat. The estimate represents the consensus conclusions of all 16 US biogenesis. And it's story on the estimate the L.A. Times quoted another intelligence insider saying things like the Iraq war have given the terrorist recruiting tools and places to fly their trade and trading ground. The Washington Post version said the invading the marketplace to Barack is now the leading inspiration for New Islamic extremist networks and sells United by a little more than anti-Western agenda. As the White House boasted incremental victories as individual architolators are killed, the NIE estimates says that Terran that were spreading like cancer around the planet. Even though all kind of leader or some of the Imam is himself on their run a much less able to personally direct attacks according to the post to counter the national intelligence estimate. Instead, it says the ideological leader of global movement that appeals to visited Muslims has vastly increased. Putschings now are diplomat and residents that they would rob us in school at Princeton University said nothing about the duestimate surprises him. He weren't publicly to be in the 2005 that Iraq could replace Afghanistan as a magnet for international terrorist activity. It's a magnet. He said Monday over the telephone us against them is one more enemies than anything else. In a speechy game at the University of Virginia 2004, Hutchings counsel that we should not assume that we and they have nothing in common. Our frame of mind even as we're waging a resolute campaign against international terrorism should be that we are not engaged in the fight to the finish with radical Islam. This is not a class of civilizations or rather a defensive or shared humanity in the search to find common ground. Yet just this month and is addressed on the fifth anniversary of 911, bush up the anti and that kind of rhetoric as well. This struggle has been called a class of civilizations he told the nation and truth is a struggle for civilization. Hutchings said the latest news should not disintegrate into a partisan hammering of bush. I don't think the Democrats have covered themselves with glory on Iraq. He said, well, concerns him. He said, for the US have any chance against terrorism. US leaders have to drop the stark war terminology. We can't kill enough people to keep us safe Hutchings. It's not a matter of being tougher soft on terrorism. It's a matter of being smart. He said a smart policy would have been one that delegitimize his G has by delinking them from legitimate regional economic and political grievances. Right now, we throw everything into the war on terror. He said, for throw it in there. You understand? Mmm, like a lot of good people. 1429 votes man. Quantpage Washington Post. The biggest name. So best tell us if this is the O'Rotchers force radio 560. You a. Smell it. You softly attires me of giving aid and comfort for Vin Laden because of what happened this morning. No one knew how tied at the existing. If you're wrong, and you know what I'm saying. If you're wrong, and you know what I'm saying. You're fair. If the benefits is growing, and if the economy is slow, and no matter where you go, it's like a 10. Are you kidding? What do I do, Dory? Who do I do to go? Oh, right Richard Clark, and all the intelligence people said that I order a bigger assistant to get men Laden and Tain Flowschre apparently made by the head since. And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings. And you know what's not true. It's just not true. Just not true. We the name book you jackass. You fired up when I hear someone say that. That's right. 27.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.00.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0. he's not showing his ass in that place anymore is he? how did he get the message lately but like what last week or something week before? last week? he's still on the way here. Greg Reed has still got to know the show his ass in that building after what he did to us. after we sandbagged and he bagged that you in? Jack ass. Get away Greg. Don't come back. 1440, but we had 947 last time. Well this is really something and if you really wanted to believe that like the audience is like just growing by leaps and bounds anybody believe in him? No. 6 could be the unduming of a family values Republican. How do you like that? 4 term representative Don Sherwood recently had one of the safest seats in Congress as his Conservatives in played well and is heavily GOP rolled this week to North Eastern Pennsylvania. Democrats in the modern field in the canteen, last two elections. But last year Sherwood admitted to a five year extramarital affair with a woman 35 years in his junior. He sent the lawsuit claiming he had choked her. Constituents were stunned many of them turned angry and some may be turning to his Democratic component. Sherwood won the GOP primer with only 56% of the vote, even though he faced a political novices for less than five grand in her campaign. I made a mistake in that hurt my family and has disappointed some of my constituents who have said an interview. They're disappointed as understandable and I've apologized and working hard to win them back. That could be a taller or Francis Panaesh Pohanchi, POH-WNCHE, Francis Pohanchi, 81, a retired Bridal Dressmaker from Center, Morlin, since he always voted for Sherwood, but he won't do it again. I just don't like the man. She said he'd see it on his wife. Oh boy, if it's one thing, oh man, these people would have like Phil Sims. Not always he talked too much. He's got that foamy, so the time, this time. Oh, if I hear him say time, one more time. I'm going to like, you're catching up on him. God. He's discussed you even with who the hell I was. Who? See? He's the daddy of Chris Sims, the quarterback that had his screen taken out. That we had to be spending a lot. In fact, yesterday when I went to woodbind, as soon as I got out of the cab, I thought to myself, I wonder how Chris Sims screen is doing. These are the kinds of things that I can find in my mind. Not. Anyway, see, you already know what's the point of my saying? You already know it. They were surrounded by people in that building or at least yours are surrounded by them. Who's think like that? That preoccupies every waking moment. Sure, what 65 is on a successful Chevy dealership since 67 has been 20 years on the school board before running for Congress in 98. He won two tough races against Patrick Casey, Sunday late to prepare to Governor Robert Casey, before a district was reconfigured after the 2000 census to make it safe for former Republicans. Now, Republican voters have member Democrats by 55,000 lacking in Democratic challenger in 2004, we collected 90 feet for some of the vote. The first Senate trouble for sure, we came in May 2005 when media outlets began reporting that police investigating and alleged altercation between sure what end is misdressed, Cynthia or in September 2004, Cynthia or who, or although criminal charges, I wonder if she's kind of bobby or although criminal charges were never filed or filed in the lawsuit against sure what Jimmy had choked her while giving her a background at his capital to the department. He was choking it. Sure, we're not abusing or anybody admitted to an affair with her apologizing for the opinion and embarrassment because his family and supporters, the Mary Father of three reached a confidential settlement with the Oralist November hoping to put the affair behind him. His Democratic opponent former Pentagon intelligence analyst Chris Carney, alluded to sure was personal contact on TV, and that I'm sure what is not representing the values of this district, Carney, a political science professor of Penn State's wording in grant and campuses in the commercial. Mr. Sure would want to Washington, didn't remember the values he took with him, said media Congress and I'll make you proud. Another spot, Carney, says, what we have at Washington are people who don't accept responsibility for their actions. Our ways to make sure what's personal problems of campaign issue without hammering voters with it, to Thomas Baldino, a political science professor at Wilson University in Worcester, Pennsylvania. Have we been there? No. Don't. I never been there either. I never been to Hershey, PA either. I hope they've been to Hershey's as he is, so okay. Kind of for district. If you're a chocolate town of Syria, you're not going to go out and get a Hershey bar. Except the ones with the almonds and coffee though. Mm. That's a great. People don't want to be blooded with that information. They know he had an affair about, you know, so Carney, he said, must also find an issue that will differentiate him from a sure winaway that will pull Republicans away. He wants to pull Republicans. Carney, a 47-year-old married father of five, said, sure what is right for it, a feed, given voters' pessimism about the direction of the nation and President Bush's sagging poll numbers. It's a perfect storm of issues he said, not to assure what personal issues the fact of these eight for lander earth. I think the public likes a for lander, rather than not those right wingers may. They wouldn't be doing stuff like that. Wouldn't they know, of course not. They're perfect and clean and esteemed. I feel like 14 every 51 votes now. What do we do the first time in the 47? So we got like over 500 more votes, but we still have only 63 get out of the closet people on there and this full. That's something they're gone. If you would have just kissed up to that movie, man, a little bit. Sorry. It's not a kiss. Never saw it. Have you, uh, don't? Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, you're fairly fraudulent and 70. No. You're fair. Absolutely not 450. So you put those two together. They got 920. A lot. A few experiences. A few experiences. 171. Like maybe 6,700. Yes, 155. Of course, I'm Hispanic. 171. That's five more than the first time we've done this. A pick and up on some of your Madakone's. Bugadron's. Yes, I'm gay, 63. Still 14. Sure. Yeah. Still short. I looked. And I hate this pool. Only 2%. In other words. But third man. So they hate this pool. They like it. In fact, maybe if they like it now. See, there he goes again with that homosexual agenda. Try to get people out there to try stuff. You don't say? No, no thanks. You know what you are. And I'm saying, you know, in between your ears. You know, because at least people all can few is know you're not. You know what you are. So when you sit down at a restaurant and you get a beautiful sick, rib-eye steak. You know, juicy, delicious rib-eye steak cooked in perfection like a rucquist. Yeah. And you take the first bite and it just melts in your mouth. You're like, oh man. You know what you like, right? Yeah, that's orgasmic. There you go. Or like if they put down like some greasy french fries on the table. You look the biggest name. So best tell us the biggest is the yogurt. For Shredio 560, you a M. The, y'all, y'all, y'all. This fall on CBS. It's your mama. From the producer of Big Brother, it's Big Mother. It's your mama. Don't look at me like that. She's your father's shadow way 50 per. Brack your hair, right? Open. I don't think so. Big Mother. I'm playing with you. Left y'all. Stay right off. Brack your hair. Brack your hair. 14-0. Just listen to your mama. I'll tell you that right now. Which I would never listen to my mama. Or. Couldn't inverse this bullshit foolish fight for the geopolitic pick. All right. Chopped off on the right. You can do it. Did they are canned? Sure. I don't think I can. Oh, and all these blank pages that come out. I hate that. Stop. This is from salon.com. By the way. Oh, good. The paper just ran out of it. Oh, it's a nice and good guy. They don't cut. Don't you just hate that when you try to print an article out. And it's on a website that's got like all of it. As long as there's any kind of information on the following pages. Right. Even if they're just a fart, then the pages keep pouring out of there. Then hate that. Anyway, who wrote this crap? Glenn Greenwald. I think that's his name, but it's chopped off here. It's on salon. Printing versus Bush or foolish fight for the GOP to pick. I'm going to get it. We'll have a trouble trying to read this because they're whole right hand. The margin is chopped off here. Well, I'll just do like that. How's that? How's that? Oh, how well? Sure. Here's a disturbingly strong willingness on the part of many Bush supporters to refuse to recognize even indiscutable facts if those facts undermine their desire to believe that something is true. That is how the success of few examples. They continue to believe that things are going well in Iraq. That Sodom who's saying really did have WMD. And that they're on top of interviews on more anti-Rosimers shared by a majority of Americans. But it's difficult, I'll probably call anything that more vividly. Illustrated this fact in a dynamic. Then the reaction of Bush supporters to Bill Clinton is not paying his interview with Fox News's Chris Wallace. Long right when put it after the next explain that the prominent reemergence of Bill Clinton and the United States is somehow harmful to Democrats generally. And it helps us specifically because it reminds Americans of Clinton's defecencies as president. But that view is premise down to belief that's the opposite of reality. And start contrasting George's WD Bush and Republicans generally. Bill Clinton is a highly popular or a person among a wide cross-section of Americans. Without question, one of the most admired living political figures in the country. In the USA, until I, 2006, time-poll last Americans, based on what you remember from President Clinton's administration, you approved or disapprove that job Bill Clinton didn't handling his job as president. 70% said they approved while a mere 27% said they disapprove. Clinton was very popular while an office has become even more popular since, like pop-and-clinton, look what we got, that kind of deal. You know what I'm saying? How could a rational person argue that the reemergence of such a popular democratic figure could be harmful to Democrats and helpful to Republicans? Republicans appeared with gravely miscalculated, and provoking Bill Clinton and lead to bait over the Bush administration's terrorism policies. Ever since the United States, most Democrats have refrained from aggressively blaming the administration for the attacks, blamed that could easily be assigned by exploiting too simple effects. And one, the United States had to be a Bush, not Clinton was in office, and too, Bush received the August 6 presidential daily briefing and burasingly totaled been loud and determined to strike a new west, and apparently did nothing in response. With some scattered exceptions, both parties seemed content more or less to maintain a truce, with regard to casting blame for the 9-11 attacks by agreeing that few people in either party recognized the magnitude of this to, until the attacks happened. But ABC's broadcast of the right wing propaganda film Path to 9-11 forced into the public discourse a comparison of Bush versus Clinton on the question of terrorism. And the subsequent attempts by right wing punits and journalists to heat the blame for terrorism on the Clinton administration, left Clinton with no choice but to fendig himself aggressively. Following the Wallace interview, condom leaves a rice accused of making statements about the Bush administration's pre-9-11 anti-terrorism efforts, or like they're of, which rice said were flatly false, comments that in turn prompted an aggressive response from Hillary Clinton. As Peter Baker put it in this morning's Washington Post, the election year debated a full blown spat between the campsite president of Bush, and former president Clinton as the two sides-rate barbs over who was more responsible, who did mole for framing the disrupt al-Qaeda before could attack the US and 9-11. But it seems foolish on its face for Republicans to fit their highly unpopular president against a highly popular democratic ex-president, especially when it comes to the signing blame for attacks that occurred on the Republicans' watch, and pulling that is beginning to illustrate just how foolish this was for the geopolitic, despite a new Gallup poll release today reveals that a solid majority of the American public, 33-36 percent puts the primary blame on Bush rather than Clinton for the fact that Osama hasn't been captured, and while Democrats and Republicans pretty quickly split on this question along partisan lines, independents overwhelmingly blame Bush over 50-31 percent. Not only is Clinton the most popular democratic politics niece, also one of the smartest, shrewdest and most articulate. The last thing Republicans ought to want to do is force him into the public arena, and especially on the question of whether the Bush administration's anti-terrorism credentials are only perceived strength, really our resturling is immediately generally to pay some to be, but it seems like the pay is substantial price on that decision. I think I wear that pretty well considering this fact, if you could see how much of this is pro-like credentials, man is like three letters of it. Maybe it really says crack there, I don't know. Before they. You by listening to that article I just read, but they hear my voice, they hear the sound of my voice, that's all they hear about. Neoson, all right. You know, they came to me if it's whether I'm sitting here farting or puke him or else you're a pro-coordinated general, but it is general better. I'd rather hear you farting here. Well, you can't do that. Can't do that. We can belched. A little bit. Ah, that was, I don't know what that was. Raspberry. That was a big Raspberry board. What was jumbo Raspberry? Yeah. 1486. And that's all I wanted. Ha ha ha. Have you ever had a homosexual experience where I was in the lab? When you come down for a coin out loud, some of that take that trombone and stick where you're moonbone giant. Yeah, that's the one. That trumpet. Oh, here's John Mark Carrigan for a second on the promo. I'm seeing him promo. That's just what we need to bring him back again. Well, I do have a stool by Ann Nicole, a story about her son again. We're supposed to care about the other one. Oh, yeah. Bad mix. Howard Stern was the father. I told him not to mix those drugs like that. How did he like the fact that this other guy comes for? Now, says, oh, no, I was the father. You think that all that money's going to happen to is that would look a Murray show. Yeah. 14. Oh, yeah. More. It'll be on Murray in a morning. I'm sure that. I'm going to bring Sally back with some more of those teenage boot camps. Just, and you know what they got now on MSNBC, which really is depressing because I do love the Obermann show countdown. But I hate seeing it in like poison. So every now and then, if like something I'm watching ends and I'll foot back over to MSNBC. And I do like those investigative reports things, which John Siggins Hall, or if you ever watch those, some of those are pretty interesting. No. No. Yeah, you have. I must have. But I just heard dark hand, big gland or whatever they call that thing about different investigations about like dark hand. And they had, uh, what's his name? And he had Carla Hamulca and, uh, what's the guy that can eat in this? I don't know. What does that movie come about? I always have. The one about Carla Hamulca. I don't know. Is that out? Yeah. She's my favorite. I know they weren't going to show it here. They were going to all looked up and I'd be decide to be able to show it anyway. No one loves like Carla and money. Look how was his name again? I don't know. How do you don't? Jesus. I can't believe I don't know that. Who? Anyway. But then they got this other series speaking of this boot camp thing I was thinking about their last name. Night after night after night. And it's called lock up. It's like a documentary in Son of Lee's prisons all around the country. Lock up. And I keep thinking lock up my ass. Did you all get a big cell? God, almighty. Over and over. Nobody wants to see that crap. No. 1489 votes. Man, well, man, let's see. We're going to have like 1500 by round noonish, right? We can do 17 today. We would have done 17 yesterday, but you forced me to cut the other one short. Probably somebody probably Terrence came in and said, no, quit knocking. QA and take that fall off. How many sent? No. The idea that Clarence would have any idea what kind of pull we're taking or that they would use it is, you know, a little guidance, you know? Because he knows where it's at. It's sports, right? Right. And there's nothing wrong with sports. It's not a long road. We're watching a ball game every now and then. Or like you're even at going and watching one and paying somebody a seat or getting a free B whatever or even have it a discussion about it. I'll probably that series. I think Montreal went on. See this guy, a moment. He just got a moment. Pup, pup, pup, pup, a little hockey tuck. Let's have a hockey show. But the, the not so magnificent obsession, the neurosis over it. I mean, you know, get a life out. But do we do please? I have no life. God. That should be a big billboard campaign for us and the times across the street. I have no life. I was in the sports talk radio. Nine stop. That's all I listen to. I don't want to hear about the game. I want to hear guys dissecting the game. And argue you need to tell the caterers. So now the null stuff, the games really suck. I like that. That's what makes a real man. See what you can understand is that real men play golf, real men watch guys play poker on TV, and real men on the team. Actually. And real men gambler guts out on games. Not pansy or crap like slot machines. Uh oh, suspicious powder found in John Cornin's office at the Hard Office building of Washington, suspicious powder. I wonder if it's a BC powder. The thing exactly with the building is, and we will follow that story for you. Oh my God. Suspicious powder. Then yesterday there was that suspicious package. And then there was that guy in a plane at the Japanese guy that saw that iPodon. That was suspicious. Not as suspicious because when he fell on the floor in the island, ported glass of water and it said that almost at almost suspicious. And then when he had the girls to say the jockey, man, you stink like horsemen who were or whatever. Maybe that was the deal. Maybe the jockey was sweating. Maybe he wrote in a five six races that day. Who had had those or maybe he just had some old boots on. He's boots are made for a stick. Remember that financier's not him or did she ever? She couldn't sing her way out of a paper sack. It didn't have like her brother and just like her daddy too. Couldn't sing for crap. Why you're picking on dead people? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And nobody cares. She's still alive. I'm sure. Right. Nancy's snatched her. Yeah. She fell out of tune. What? No. You could. Oops. You got something. I would have been bad about a step on her boots because you got one of those where she's been walking. 1493. If I ever shot off in your give that break we'll have 1500 by noon. No. No. Stop. That's the fastest wheel. Well, it's 4. Radio 5. 60. You. And. This is at home. Landsacurity. Tom Ridge. Advising you to put duct tape on your radio. When I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. Every day that new is morning we have a yellow line. That must mean they have something to hide. That's how they feel they hit by. Which brings me back with kind of some good news. You will like the yellow line. That I like the corporate being a line. And that's why if we have a yellow line. Can't explain. The meaner would be like two. I told him when she said his best with a shadow from Benz and a new normal star. And he said, don't think what does it do. And then he said, have a yellow line. Which is fair. Something they can't provide. That's why we have a yellow line. Well, we have 1500. We have 1500 and one vote. We need to add a couple more choices on there. Okay. Amolate. Yeah. How about I'm by. Okay. No. Of course. I'm by. Amolate. I'm a screemer. Amolate. Amolate. Oh, that's wrong with that. Am I or I'm a screemer. Then we have to send more for Carlos to vote. Freaky Carlos. Your group close personal friend. How come your castle hated him like poison. Carlos tried to hit anyone. No, he did not. He did. Get out of here. Get out of here. No. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. I'll make it up. So is it what is the answer? You give me about five. Yes, is in 16. No, is what's the answer? Maybe. Joe wasn't sure. What did you do? Yeah. He did. That's just listen. This business is hitting on people in the workplace. That's unacceptable. That's a great tool. Anyway. And I'm speaking to Greg. Yeah. When you tell me that he's actually been in that building in the last couple of weeks. So if I was Joe Bellman, I'd put a hit on it. I should get him out of there. Wasn't bad enough. He left him. Next like he left. My God. So like he looked 16. Colossely bags all over all the hallway. And that place and just pulled the cue ran out. Good. Golly Miss Molly. He must be chuckle him. You know, looking at the old J. Look at that. I don't know. I'm going to eat numbers anymore. And that's station since I like there. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't have to a job, Greg. By the way, nice job at all those contracts, too. Daniel Smith died from a combination of methadone and anti-depressants. Now we're supposed to care about this. Which we'll just stand there if you say so. Let's see. I'm biased on there and I'm a screamer. It's under it too. In other words. I mean, nobody's going to stand on a screamer. Are they? You watch. You think? Oh yeah. I don't think people who are screamers are flameers. Well, I'm not going to win if they're honest about it. Yeah. I don't think they realize it. You know, like the ones that have like the little fruity mustache. You know, you know, I'm talking about. They're kind of San Francisco look. The fruity little stash. That's always a giveaway. And there really are much too tight jeans, you know, like her girl's jeans. And in the course, Smith's 20 year old son died from a lethal combination of methadone and 2 anti-depressants drugs, the US based pathologist who conducted a private off-off C. Say yesterday, civil weft. Toxicology test show Daniel Smith had methadone so often. Leicester prone to system when he died September 10th. And a hospital room in the Bahamas where his mother was recuperating from giving birth to a daughter. Methadone is used to treat heroin addiction. And of course, if your mother was in an accord, you'd probably be addicted to all kinds of crap too. Sure she's been. Well, not sure about. I've shared my thoughts. The fact that we have these drugs and levels of drugs overwhelmingly and most logically point to this being a tragic accidental drug related death, we're told the AP from his own New Pittsburgh. Tragedic, accidental, and lots of drugs. Drug skill, maybe, don't be doing a lot of drugs. Smoke a little number there with George, but other than that. Or maybe with the Sigourney Weaver's thing. Right, the good stuff, of course. That's right, get the good stuff. Don't get the bad stuff. Look at that, I'm a screamer and I'm buying. I've put that on there to have none. 50-04. And so, well, I beg you for it. Said just went on there. Oh, it didn't just go on. It's been on there a few minutes and I still have no votes. 50-07. The votes are trickling in there. We get to 17. If it's the last damn thing we do, there might be. We got 65 people who say, hey, that's 12 shi the first time. But your people more than make up for it. Because we had 122 say, oh, I'm a Hispanic, of course. Of course, I'm not. I don't think I had one of those people who says Hispanic who voted for that. Yeah, again, I had it here. The first time we did it, we had it in 12. Why do you say that? Listen, the Hispanic. You just don't get out of the house in a position problem. I'm not denying your point. I'm just saying that the Hispanics who qualify aren't voting for that. Sure, there are. How about his Spanish? You don't qualify, but just put it on because they understand what I'm talking about. That's good enough. Okay. It's just like I'm a screamer. Somebody will vote for that. They're probably not going to. They're probably as good as, uh, oh, I don't know, Tony Perkins. Macho. Macho. Macho. Macho. Macho. Macho. Macho. Macho. How can I have no votes? Now, maybe the buy people voted for it already voted for it. Yeah, I wanted to go. Whatever. For, yes, once or a few were a couple, I'm ready. Ready to rock and roll. The television sports network ESPN has been accused of covering up years directed to former president George Herbert Walker Bush by football fans at that knowledge game Monday night. ESPN denied the allegation when contacted by Rao Story. And there's a really a haggard picture here of Bush 41. Hagrid. Looks like he's on death's door. Hmm. The first thing that's been broadcast, it's his broadcasted. I mean, yeah. What is it? There's the hope. Broadcast is Monday and football game between the Saints and the Atlanta Falcons from the New Orleans Superdom at landmist to bust by the way. The game was the first played in the Superdom since Katrina, Yadi Adiyani, a TV broadcast from the Superdom, one of New Orleans major vacuations sites first brought the enormity of the crises to the public. In Monday night, Scheme the Saints dominated when in 23 of 3 and Saints fans made the games atmosphere rockists and players from the Falcons complained to crowds noise but so allowed they couldn't concentrate on playing. The game began with music performances by Green Day and YouTube, former president George Herbert Walker Bush who raised money with former president Clinton for Katrina relief efforts was as to connect the ceremonial coin toss that determined which side would have possession of the ball first. On Monday night, the I have no life blog. I have no life. At the website Beyond Hollywood reported that the fans in New Orleans had booed president George Herbert Walker Bush as he flipped the coin. The I have no life blog. A subsequent Tuesday morning post on a daily cost diary written by Dave from Queens, I'll see there's the Queens again. That's where they are. Time day in the TV broadcast. Cheers could be heard as Bush was announced instead down the field but that live booing was then heard as the broadcast switched to microphones on the field where Bush was flipping the coin. Dave from Queens concluded that ESPN shut off the sound of the Superdom crowd for a few seconds and played the audio of fake cheers. Bill Hawthheimer, a VSP in communications gave raw story an prophetic idea. No. When asked if ESPN had played fake cheers and whether this was part of the network in a choice policy, he added this did not happen Monday nor does it happen with any ESPN telecast. The claim is unsubstantiated and false, ESPN presented the game in the events surrounding the game as they happened. No major news media, I'll report it on the crowds of action to former president Bush's appearance and AP reports say that as 150 could train a first-reached father's watch from the sidelines as former president George Herbert Walker Bush walked to the middle of the new field for the coin toss. There was little of that how important the night was for New Orleans. A New York Daily news story showed that the Saints opened the night almost from the moment you two in green day on the night almost from the moment they finished their pregame concert and former president Bush performed the coin toss. A report in the street for a times called former president George Herbert Walker Bush who tossed the coin and honored guests as did the New Orleans Times pick you in which called the former president VIP. He put the P in VIP. We still have nobody voted for him a screamer around by. We're not a 1514. Well, the buy crowd has been, you know, they're doing it more than once. Right. And AOL sports the blog or mighty M.J.D. criticized the S.P.N.S.M. that if the accusations of changing the crowds of the national or two, it was massively unethical to alter broadcast and effort to protect certain political figures and or shape the way the public feels about them. However, M.J.D. did not remark about the booth during his live blog or money in the country. I don't know. You decide if you hate the Bush family like poor, much money you would do. Then they bleached out the booth and they put it in a bunch of chairs. Dan, then I'm going to use panic. Of course, that's ABC, ESPN. I'll show that a lot of people know the movie about 9-11. So what do you expect them to be doing? They're trying to outfox the fox mice. That's what they're doing. Fifteen hundred and fourteen votes. Oh, there's a hood all-marts. Oh, look at that. This need. I want to meet. Drop a few more cluster bombs. They hood come on. You can do it. Maybe they misunderstood you know, when those real super orthodoxy said they ought to shoot some of the people of the gay pride parade. Maybe they misunderstood. Maybe something they were saying. Kill some of the lesbianies. It's all good. I'm fired. There's one. Not me. The voter. Maybe it was Carlos the voter for that. Anybody buying it? Oh, see? You made up that story about him in Jocacce. That's bad. Okay. I've got to correct that now. All right. I'll come in here and like, slide for you. This is just a spanky silly. No. I'm a scream or none. No, no, no, no, no. He's going to vote for that. If you go out there in the front room and ask real nice freaky Carlos, he probably get on his computer and he'll give you an honest. You know, a screamer as in. F-ing. Like, like, just like that. The biggest name. So the challenge to the faces will be your rotchists. For 20-560, you ain't him. The first company of men who doesn't. Hey, guys, there's your life falling apart because you have a live noodle. Do the girls laugh at you and sports fans. Do the boys laugh at you too. Well, you're friendly, giant pharmaceutical corporation. So care deeply for your good health through extortion. Have good news. Sexual enhancement drugs are now available over the counter. Our biggest customers at the F-V-C now prohibits from saying exactly what they are. So let's just say, it helps your love's low with better blood flow. But we can no longer describe how. You must call us first for us to explain. What we can tell you is that we have warehouses, full of this stuff. And it's cheaper to make than anything important. You know, like cancer's age. You care about that. Look, we have tons of this grass. Why this one little model costs 10 East to May. And we charge you 10 bucks a pill. We all gotta go sometime pal. Might as well get some boy and boy. Use us directly. We can't tell you what it is. Props 17 at 560. Nobody can just keep us swallow it. Okay. Got it. Enchasing ghosts, the soldiers fight for America from Baghdad, Washington, Bedrock, and Altar and activist Paul Reichard described as small closed or meeting between Iraqi veterans in John Kerry and Minneapolis in December 2004. And the disconnect that followed. The disconnect with John Kerry. What a surprise. Ross Dore has been granted permission to reprint the following answer. Which I would like to- I would like to not be very long. Can you handle it? I can handle it. They said at 1.Kerry asked, ah, saw who we thought he should choose is running mate. This is December 2004. A few of the room mentioned John McCain. Rumors that circulated in the press for weeks of us. He could meetings between Kerry and McCain. Getting McCain to abandon Bush to run a scary VP which changed history. Together they could beat Bush. The Kerry made it clear that the McCain option was not on the table. One veteran suggested Senator Criblon. Max is a hero and role model of everybody. After losing three limbs in Vietnam from our grenade explosion. He ran for and won a scene in the Georgia State Senate. Then became the youngest head of veterans of Paris and history. And incredibly effective advocate for veterans Max introduced America's first Vets Center where a volitionizing VA by providing veterans with peer-to-peer counseling led by older combat vets. Max went on to be elected to the US Senate. He was a grab with the most mojo I'd ever been around, even more than Austin Powers. But Max wouldn't be Kerry's choice either. Instead Kerry asked us about Dick Edhard. Everyone reacted, typically, like, ah, like that. Teverly. Look warm. Then I proposed West Clark arguing that in times of war, Americans trusted general. General's project strength which Democrats seriously needed and Clark would bring in the most independence in Republicans. I came back from Minneapolis, early disillusioned and angry. John Kerry was not the passion of activists he had been 30 years ago. But third man! He seemed like a good man, but over the decades in Washington had morphed into a calculating and coached politician. A few weeks later ignoring our advisory to Senator John Edwards, politics is usual. Campaigning that summer for election 2004 election that would have an atomic blast impact on the course of history, the Democrats didn't have the foresight or maybe the gusts to carve out a real policy on Iraq. After the initial theory of media coverage following my radio speech, the Democratic leadership may the strategic decision not to focus on the war in Iraq. They didn't view it as a winning issue. There were no Iraq veterans among Kerry's intercircle advisors briefing him on the state of the war. We tried to get through to him, we'd thought he'd appreciate what we had to say. In the summer of 2004, a friend of mine, an impassioned Iraq veteran, drove four hours to meet with the veterans outreach coordinator for the Kerry campaign, two days after he got home from Iraq. This guy had been stationed at Abu Ghara, right without proper body armor. When his mother bought him some real bullet through a farmer on eBay and sent him to him in Iraq, the media out one of the story and published a slew of articles about the underrequipping of the military. So the soldier thought that the Kerry campaign would be happy to receive him. But when he arrived at the Kerry headquarters, the staffer said she didn't have time to meet with him. He protested in some of the staffer found time to meet with him in the lobby. He gave her about dozen articles from Major Media, how let's talk about the body armor story, including one in which John Kerry himself talked about his family by name on the floor of the senate. She said, don't call me, we'll call you and thank him for his time. He said, can I see the headquarters? He said, no, for security reasons. No. He told her we had a security clearance and a guarded members of Al Qaeda, which he said, sorry, rules are rules. Later he went to a press conference to defend Kerry from the swoop boat veterans. Kerry's Cronis actually forbade him from speaking or is that forbade? For bad him from speaking to the media, and they hit his famed body armor in a box under where the table telling the stay on message. Clearly, the John Kerry of 1971 never could have gotten into seeing the John Kerry of 2004. I realized then that I had no candidate and no party. Just as an Iraq veterans back home, we're given limited resources, left to fend for themselves and to make their own plans. A tremendous gap between the public and the truth existed in the National Dialogue of Aderach because the first hand perspective which only those who served on the ground could provide was not being told. How do you like that? Told you they're all interested in weekly John Kerry. So they're all bought off. Are you being cynical again about the American political system? I'm being realistic. Good. 1538 votes on the pool. We've got to shout again this year. Well, we might make 17, but I doubt it though. I mean, this isn't a question. I mean, this is just a, you know, you just check it in here. That's all. But I have like 25,000 already. I think Joel's got a point. Lots of time back in the day. You know, if we've ever done this pool on IOD, can you imagine we'd have like 40,000 votes on there, right? Right? No. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? 1538. No. You very hard for 91. Absolutely not. 476. So there's almost a thousand right there. A few hundred eighty. A few experiences like maybe six, seven hundred eight. Nine. Yes. One hundred sixty three. Of course, I'm Hispanic. Hundred and twenty three and George is in believe in you. This is your all making that up to make him look bad. Yes. I'm saying yes. When you were last Jesus God, I mean, see, I've said about that. Or what? I'm upset about you changing what I'm saying. So who cares? Me? Who cared? Why? What did somebody says something? And you say the opposite? Right. You're right. Who cares? You've been doing that to me for a while. I've been doing that to you. Yeah. Or if I would do that to you. Whatever. Yes. I'm gay sixty eight. That's nine sure. Okay. I'm a seventy seven and that first pool. Well, we lost nine people in a movie. I'm a one-person. I'm by three and I'm a screamer. Solomon the unit but we got one. We got a screamer. See, must have gone out there and told me to keep Carlos Devona. First of all, I don't think that most, most heterosexual people, even men, especially have any idea what a screamer is. I think they would have. They over generalized. In other words, they call people screamers who aren't. Oh, such as like people who may be a little bit limp or a state or something. Yeah. I'm sure you do. From the dozen. Not that I would see any here you understand. Right. Anyway, Doug Thompson writes liberation that wasn't from liberators who aren't. Is this a good one this time? No. That's short though. All right. It was there right in before this break. You see how you when you do this. Here's a little lesson for you. If when I quote in a few days that you have to like put all the pieces like put a big puzzle together. You know, if you ever done that, I'm sure you have. Oh, yeah. Terminal. It's boring. It's for people who like to say, I have no lie. To get a puzzle, it's going to like 5,000 pieces in, you know, and they put it on the floor and they spread all the crap. But you have to like put the pieces of the puzzle together. That's why I do here with these bedtime stories. Much better, by the way than those seven months when I did it because they stuck man at nine o'clock in the morning, remember that? Yeah, I do. Not there's good mode, Greg. Another brilliant move, man. They've done everything they can to sabotage their show and he's eight and a half nine years whatever it has been. And we're still here, it's still going strong. Still going something to the toilet. Doug Thompson says that the many lies told by the Bush administration about the amazing were reckoned there are now too many be cataloged. Few stand out as prominently as Vice President Dick Cheney's continued claim that the Iraqi people see Americans as liberators. My belief is we will in fact agree that his liberators Cheney said, I meet the press March 16, 2003. I really do believe he'll be greeted as liberators. It said, I meet the press in September 14, 2003. I said, we'll be greeted as liberators and we were he said again. I meet the press in September 24, 2006. Say what? Has Cheney repeated his lie for yet another time this month. The pull by the University of Maryland's program on international policy attitudes found that 60% of Iraqis approve of attached by insurgents against American soldiers in their country and 75% feel our military provoked more violence than a prevent. A separate state department pull found two thirds of Iraqis living in Baghdad, one U.S. forces out of their country now so much for being liberators. Iraqis see America's presence for what it is and occupying force from a country that invaded their country without provocation and clear violation of international law and invasion based on lies perpetuated by lies in driven by an out of control president with an agenda that's got nothing to do with truth justice or the American way. Correct that. The criminal actions of George W. Bush defined the New American way and America that's become an international bully and American driven by greed and lust for power and America that ignores the Geneva Convention and unleashes goons squads to respect the enemies without cause. Detainment would not consideration for their rights and torture them without regard to law or basic human decency. The old American way would never have allowed such obvious dismantling of the Constitution and the rights of one skier and teed. The old American way would never have allowed a mad man like Bush or the criminal Kabbalay runs from a 1600-pensal wing avenue to remain an office. The old American way crumbled into dust and ashes along with the world trade center on 9-11. It died at the hands of a crave political opportunist who saw the events of that tragic days of way to seize absolute power and destroy a great nation that once stood above the brutality of other parts of the world and refused to be sucked into the morons of barbarism. The old American way died at the hands of an assassin named Bush and his gang of accomplices called the Republican Party aided by a politically cast-weighted Democrats and mesmerized the electorate that should have known better. Liberators, not likely Mr. Channing, use one of your favorite insults to those who dare disagree with you and your co-conspirators, F.A. Bush and the Stokes who control Congress of turn America into pillagers who destroy not only Iraq but also the Constitution of this country. They have robbed America of its soul, purged it of its decency and stripped it there of any pretence standing for freedom law or morality. The Rackies understand all two of them were not liberated by the soldiers who invaded their country and now were received in occupation where escores as a civilians died daily from the anarchy created by the American presence. Today, America is ready to be liberated from the Americans who destroy their nation and poison their culture. They aren't the only ones. Here in America, we've ready to be liberated from the traitorous to occupy our government, destroyed our nation and poisoned our culture. If our purpose can be answered, maybe there's can be two. Then both nations can be liberated. The biggest name of this town, my God. This is the Rochester Sports Radio 560. And to highlight my name, it says about the meat guys. I'm sure I think you're fine too. Hello, I am Sam Buroi and like many of you, I had a problem with missing skull. I woke up one morning, scratch my head and cut junk. My skull is in my hand. This is size-fruiling for the skull club for men. Sam, who is like thousands of men with missing skull. Not only is it fatal, it can lower your confidence and self-esteem. I started losing my skull in my early 20s. I was sick and tired of being called numg skull and half-brain, so I called the skull club for men. With our non-surgical skull replacement system, we take pieces of skull to go to ask us where we get them and use a staple gun to replace them as incranion. Now when I run my fingers through Tom's skull, I don't end up with chunks of brain and it looks so natural. Thank you, skull club for men, so call school club for men today. And remember, I'm not just the skull club resident, I'm also a member. Wait a second, that's my skull on the floor. I got a skull. Don't forget to head gear, don't leave home without it. Call 33-27-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-15-9. I think we're out 16 by the top of the R and N17 by two o'clock or else. And then we got to make plans for the Monday show, the young kibbershow. Okay. I'm kind of curious though, now it's interesting that falls on a Sunday night and in my clothes let's see. Well, the big O is on the scale, I can't even bow our listed on the morning so they must be glam. Now it's got the humper from New York, five to seven. And it's also got the power out between four. So I don't only unawait him, and that's right, I don't have next week's schedule to you. Uh, that's not going to be working on Monday. We don't have next week's schedule, it's only Thursday. What's the big rush? What's the bomb's rush? I'm sure Clarence has got a lot of other sports issues to deal with between now and tomorrow. But I have that schedule. I don't want to see anybody going to burn in hell because they get forced to be working on you on kibber. You know, like me, that would be bad. This is bad. The older soldiers called themselves the Great Brigade, but Sargent first class Meredith Howard has never talked about her rage soon no one asked. In training the corpus Christina of ran as hard as men, much younger. She became a gutter on a humvee at a military base in Afghanistan, building a wooden box to stand on so she could see over the turrets. She was only five foot four. Last night Howard and Stan Sargent Robert Paul sat on the backstupid of their verse with the base cook as usual. We started talking about the times you got shot. Said the cook Air Force Sergeant Marlon Magdaniel 42. I said I probably duck, I wouldn't know what to do. But they both basically said at the same time when it's your time to go. It's time to go. The next day Howard and that's something the way people always say that. Yeah, they say when it's your time or why do God take someone so now, you know, why do God, you know? The next day Howard and Paul made a supply run to the west military base near the Afghan capital. They never made it back dying in a fiery suicide bombing couple on September the 8th. I guess it was their time to go. I 52 Howard who I'd gray here in an infectious smile became the oldest known American woman to die in combat. A 52 year old Durstiden Vietnam achieved after a stroke. The fact that she was even there serving as a gunner on a humby shows the drain that the two were supposed to put on all volunteer military. She was the new face of the military civil affairs units which do reconstruction and relief work. Constant deparments of tapped out the regular army reserveers who most often filled those jobs in Iraq and Afghanistan. She had never been deployed before not since during the reserve on a women 88 after a medical unit was disbanded in 96. She was decided the individual ready reserve for soldiers without a unit. She still went to monthly, I'm sure that some of those soldiers without a unit. She still went to monthly drills but mainly handled paperwork. But as a stopgap and a first of the west military, provincial reconstruction teams in Afghanistan were being filled by a mix of Navy Air Force Army National Guard and reserve soldiers. Many of the reserve were like Howard and the individual ready reserve, home also to return officers and soldiers who had recently left the army. Howard was in no frills, woman more comfortable pounding a hammer than wearing a dress. Those who served with her said, in Afghanistan she often visited the base of an onus home depot and built herself an arm wall on a side table. She was accustomed to challenges. Howard wanted to be a firefighter but a hometown of Corpus Christi didn't hire women. So in 78 she joined fire department in Brian as the first female firefighter and 91 she started dating who have a himavole, whatever his name is, who made fireworks for a living. In 2004 the couple moved to Walker-Sharwish constant for his job and never felt the need to get married. Not until she got called up in December 2005 as a boyfriend that would have no status for the army. He said, as a husband I did. The meantime she's dead. For Afghans in this conservative tribal area where most women were workers that cover everything. And most of them in a bizarre sight, a gray-haired woman in a helmet on top of a hungry. And she's dead, 50 year old lady. She's dead. So with his spaces, you just see me. What the hell is this? Oh no. I'm not going to go. I love their spots. I don't want you to rip guy code. It's the dolphin stuff that's on there. The interesting stuff. What are you talking about? It says regarding guy coli to find the correct or any entertaining. Howard we should know that guy coli which is owned by Warren Buffett's Bercher Hathaway is a company responsible for all the speed transfer. You see. Yeah. I know that's point number two. Oh. Let's see. The panthers increase their season tickets from 7,000 to 8,500 last season. Those yeah. But it would be put above. It goes on and on. Yeah. Right. They lie. They all lie. Normal kinsamian article last night by Sarah Tallahay and Harold. About these attendants. They try to rationalize about how they do this. They take the number of actual Z-solding month of lifetimes 10 and then some freck six. And then they say, this is how many people are really there. Even though you know there was nobody there. Whether it's a panter game, a golf game, a Marlon game, whatever. And he came. The Miami Dolphin said they sold more season tickets this season than any other since Wayne Hising about the team in 94. The 61,121 season tickets sold for the season is 14% higher than the football teams season ticket sales. Liser must have been that great. Change they made. I wonder the other station. I think that's it. Do me a simple. Plus the dolphins are still selling season tickets for this year since remaining games at Dolphin Stadium. The stadium in Miami Gardens has a 75,000 t-compensity for football. Anyway, why is this interesting? I don't know. I thought it would be. It says lastly there was a local establishment that will have slots up and running a couple of weeks. But I can't name them because they'll compete with the sponsor of yours. Also, please give Carl Wrighte's. I don't want Carl Wrighte. I want to take Carl's again, Andy and Miami Beach. It was. That's got nothing to do with it. Carl Wrighte. I don't know. Get out of here. I think I hike. Long. I told it was a long time. It was fresh. You suck me in reading of them. So, Andy and Miami Beach, my ass. You know, damn well's got to be Andy and Hollywood. There can't be two people. I mean equally. I have no line. Crazy. Who cares about all of that? I saw, you know, parts of their game, like a few minutes on it. There was nobody there the other day. There were like maybe 60,000 people, even the newspaper has been admitted that. All but it was a sellout. When I'm, yeah, sell this. 1500 and what? I'm trying to refer to this, damn thing. They must all be voting on it now. What are we going to do on your own? Kipper? 1571. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? Why are we taking this pool? Because we can. So, to hell with it. Because we took it a few years ago. Just to see the comparison. And who are we are losing that day? Audience, man. You better start talking more about that movie when you're on. That's what it was. See, when you're on year and of course you were on FC, I was on that Ecuador Collrange, 169. And then you'd come to Karthich and try to digging it around and dig about it when someone is on this. And then, fortunately, you completely prepared a movie into Enine the quick screen. You could get thoseicks coming a little while ago. And then you went to thisziest episode, and you said, well, that's all I have to say. Not oh... accord... It makes you already working on the rest of the night. With me. Think on your story. Do you remember SSesoo on economic livelihood? And then the publication? No. So, can I just set as? Yes. Okay. Well, electronic streaming plans put into the right tournament, ya know? Was this one there? together got 991 almost a thousand a few 182 yeah I say 108 to his a few experiences yes once 165 just one time this little little babble do you of course I'm Hispanic 125 yes I'm gay 69 oh I hate this full 34 I'm by for an I'm a screamer we've got one screamer out there year or medical... mis Dieser You think you can greet your parents? Who went to the Eastern Games? Did you find the belt? Yes. Welcome to Walmart. Hey, I hope they don't want me to hit them. Welcome to Walmart. Welcome to Walmart. My name is Markard. Now, see the above radio that's hot. Now, take it. So, I don't want to cut my life. You're going to take this cut if I ever run. Who's the door? 1246. We know damn well where he is. He's right over there at 8.50. WFCL. 8.50. Anybody listening over there? No. Make sure I'm in the book. No. Who know are we to talk? Between a van and Hoover rights and pressing the vote. I don't want to read all this deep pressing stuff. 1580 votes on the full. We'll have that 60 and 100 before you can say, Oh my God, it's mull again. Who did mull? She says, what lesson they run? The corner concerns about it under voting debacle of Florida 2000. The person is running high. Especially given problems at primaries this year in Maryland or Ohio. Illinois and several other states. Republicans and Congress are on the job and do everything they can to further this in franchise voters. Rather than taking the necessary steps to strengthen and expand and improve the democratic process, the GOP has launched a new effort to create modern age, Jim Crow exclusionary practices, to new voter ID requirements. The House recently passed a brutal long party lines requiring voters to present a photo ID beginning in 2008. Starting in 2010 voters would need to pay for a government issued proof of citizenship virtual poll tax. This shameful legislation was passed as months after the reauthorization of the voting rights act when President Bush declared the right of ordinary men and women to determine their own political future. If the House bill passed, the Senate became law, the electorate would likely become more middle-aged, wider and richer, and its sponsors are anticipating more Republican New York Times Rotten-Russian editorial. Demos, an actual public policy organization reports that the legislation would disproportionately impact people of color, individuals with disabilities, rural voters, people living on reservations, and low income people, all the homes that he show are less likely to carry a photo ID, and more often has to change photo ID information. Senate Democrats have asked that the majority leader Bill Fist not being the vote of the floor, and a letter to Fist senators, read Kennedy, God, and Obama wrote, the burdensome and costly requirements of obtaining citizen ship documents, not only could prevent many eligible voters from participating, but worse to law, this bill recalls a dark era in our nation when individuals were required to pay a poll tax to cast their vote, and has been termed to the 21st century poll tax. Fist next move remains to be seen. States to argue that the voter suppression act Georgia Missouri and Indiana passed similar ID requirements. The laws were overturned by the courts in Georgia and Missouri, while in the end law was upheld by district court in his now under appeal. The right wing pins hopes on appealing all the way to the Supreme Court, where the citizens by scully and the Supreme seem to fall in their one-man-bund votes were a favor, sort of. This is the most sinister scheme I've ever seen said former Georgia Governor Roy Barnes, and it's going on nationwide. Voter suppression doesn't have a good intimidation on election day said Michael Waldman, executive director of the Brennan Center for Justice, but rather through silent and sometimes secret government actions in the weeks leading up to an election. If the Republicans are truly concerned about the integrity of our voting process, as representatives John Banner claims, they should take a look at the flawed voting machines that according to the Washington Post, scientists have shown they could manipulate to report a total total at different from the actual total cast by voters, or they could address the fact that the Dibble Machine's tested in Kyeloga County, which includes Cleveland, rendered a paper tree on nearly 10% of which was destroyed, blank, ineligible, eligible, or otherwise compromise. Or they could explain why Princeton's professor was able to hack into a voting machine as an experiment, or they could be formed the administering of elections, so that partisan secretaries in state with law-faypal or applied versions, such as Katherine Harrison came blackwell, are no longer run in the show. Or they could try to stop the purchase of valid voters from the voter roles. The blueprint for what to do is out there. Robert Paster, director of a commission on Electoral Reform organized by former President Jimmy Carter, and former Secretary of State James Baker told the Washington Post, the Carter Baker commission identified 87 steps that need to be undertaken. Regrettably, almost none of them are being done right now. I would start by establishing statewide a nonpartisan election administration, he said. And Americans can start by voting Democrat, there's no member in that pressing a new Congress to give us common sense reforms that create a truly democratic transparent legitimate electoral system. Just hope your vote is counted correctly, says Katrina, then it will let it. Not hurricane Katrina. What end is these extra pages that come pouring over the machine? I've really frosted my ass, you know? All the poor little maple trees that have to be crept out of it, and all this paper, but you'll be pleased to know, I just got a new case. Yeah. Top has got a brand new case of fact, paper, baby, deliver the other day. It's more boring. I'll tell you how to do that without getting all those extra pages. Well, why can't you tell me right now is it a complicated thing? No, it's just boring. You just select the text and then print that rather than everything. What do you mean by that? Oh, you don't mean by going over all the Schmere and all over the text. Yeah. Oh, I know I see you do that. So Congress, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm not complicated. Take a second. Yeah. Just that blue Schmere over all the text. Mm-hmm. What if it's a real long article? I probably shouldn't be reading anywhere, right? It scrolls right down. It takes one second. Yeah. Okay. Well, let's see. Let me go back to the article when it's heard in the upper left-hand corner and just write 90 to one to full, by the way. Drag it across the text. We're going to do it. Drag it? You know how to do that. Do what? Like your ass. Drag it. Yeah. Oh, it's dragon. Okay. Oh, there it is. I didn't even imagine. Yeah, but now. Now you can't stop. Just go of it. Once you select the part you want, just let go of the mouse. Yeah, but if you start from the bottom and spread it. Okay. Yeah. If you start from the top, then you go down and you wind up accidentally, you're smear it all the stuff down below it. You don't want to first, but all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, a blog stuff, you know, you got to have better mouse control than that. I thought you, well, I don't have, I'm old. I know you have a good mouse control. I've heard those stories. Yeah. Well, too bad. You, you control your mouse and I'll worry about mine. Okay. I can't, because matter of fact, I should, I really should get a different mouse. I should get one of those remote, not remote, but there's a corpus mice. I got one at home. Don't do that. Why not? You got to shake it. You got to taste the battery. Yeah. I've had a problem man. I don't know. It goes down. You got to shake it a lot. Well, so, because this, the corp, you know, zips across my keyboard, man. There's nothing we're going to have a corp on your keyboard. Oh, and just, just give it a pull. Get's on the way. In the way. 1594. We'll have 1600 by the top. They are then a mad dash to 1700. I don't know if we ever did that, even during the 80 on days, because being old and, you know, very forgetful. I just, I don't remember what the hell was going on. We had some pulls where we had like 80s in both. Because this time, man, was whipped up into a frenzy during those alien days. Like, there was something really important. Was it? No. No. It was not. And we're just panches was on the area and channels seven, getting out of cell phone. Oh, turn around. They're not going to be there. Turn around. Go to the, yeah. Sister jeans house. We'll have him play that in a long time. Hence, uh huh. It's coming up. Sister jeans. I have to, I had it like read, edit that. Everything we got, yeah. I know. Everything we got, guys. I just got like, uh, f***ing with. I think it was the thing is I had a bleep in there. But we'll find out when I play it. I do, I remember. What was it? It's a G. D. Yeah. Oh boy. I want to say that. God. Damn it. Hold on. See, I lost a long, and I, I don't know. Great. President, Mooshara, our good close personal buddy, who's a real champion of democracy. And his country not. President Mooshara, for his missing girlfriend, and he's a very good person. Tell us this report that Osama Yamada died of time for its head yesterday. He believes the al-Qaeda leader would be hiding an eastern Afghan province of Kunar, possibly with a help of an Afghan warlord. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hurai. Well, a him and Karzai is a mere affiliated and killing to other that didn't last night. It's not a hunch he told the times. Kunar province borders on. By George agency. We know there are some pockets about cutted by George agency. We've said a good intelligence operation. We have moved some army elements. We did strike them twice. They're we located in Killed number of them. General Mooshara has been an a verbal duel with this close personal friend, President Hamid Karzai, and by the way it's Hamid, okay? Who the hell was it that said Hamad? Hamas. Hamas? Is that what they eat? Hamas is my favorite. Hamas. And what's the other thing with Ophalophe? Oh, yeah. Pillar Valley's favorite. What's that? Ophalophe. How do you know that? It's what he said on that phone call. With necruses. I didn't know that he did one of those calls to you. General Mooshara has been an verbal duel with President Karzai, or Pakistan's role in the war and terror with the Afghan leader, accusing him of allowing cross border operations by the Taliban from travel areas. The Tuli did his own contentious meeting over dinner hosted by Bush at the White House last night. They did not shake hands or shake their booty. Interviewed as hotel in the original, Major said he believed bin Laden was in Afghanistan, of course, and suggested a possible link with Globodine Hemak-Maitar, the Afghan Warlord. See I can make up any of these names I want because nobody ever heard any of these people in the first place in Hukukir anyway. I'm not in it, yeah. That's it. We're introducing a UN report on what they would call it, Markers. The President read out, it's finding that the insurgents in Afghanistan have been conducted mostly by Afghans operating inside Afghanistan's borders. They are already each other, man, tooth and nail, hammer and tongue. And it goes on and on and on and it's all guess worth them. Who knows? Maybe he's sent at the Afghan and I hope them for all we know. That's a Sheraton Cobel. There's another fact. But if this is as good as that last one from Brian and Koke and a Creek, it is too priest to Del Ray Church, accused of misappropriating 8.6 million dollars. Here we go, pick it on the damn church again. Good. Del Ray Beach, too priest and local parish were accused on Thursday of stealing more than $8.5 million from offering baskets and cash gifts to same Vincent Ferrer to Catholic Church and its school over the past 43 years. A Tisket of Tisket, let me steal from that basket. Or is they saved at the altar boys? It's a Tisket, well you know what they say. A rest on a grant that charged was retired on senior John Schee in the 79 of priest Peter Pastor at St. Vincent about 40 years. He wasn't in town for a while. He was an aspirin. Or he went. I give up. Schee in. He was arrested at Palm Beach International Airport. Once it ended after returning from Ireland, his bond was set at 400 grand. His successor as Pastor at St. Vincent about three years ago, the Reverend Francis School on his being sought on a similar grant theft charge. Wow. Police led Schee in, misappropriated about 8.6 million dollars during his tenure with the church. And the 800 block of George Bush Boulevard, both at Fitzreden, like our glove. Detective said he used the case about property and other assets. Glenn N. was also accused of misappropriating cash from the offering baskets and church gifts and used the money to travel or gamble the most vagus or the Bahamas. Oh my God. He was looking for a good machine mine. Both are accused of setting up slush funds to handle the cash. Millions of dollars that should have gone to helping the homeless folks or the school itself did not. How do you like that? Delray police, please detective Thomas Wattley called the two priests professional money launders. Isn't that lovely? More than good religion, baby. More than good old families. You suckers keep going and keep putting them on the internet. And then of course they're all going to be going to show again. Like they did in Russia, Shona. The Jews are going to be shut in the show for your own kipper again. My Ruchath taught a knife. I put on a better skull cap. Oh, he's saying. Yeah, he's saying. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I have a brain for Shredio 560. You ain't him. So, this is Anna. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hours. Oh, right. This is the energy of women. One with having faith. And the giant is to be the energy of that energy. This is the energy of the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. And the energy of that energy. What I was abandoned by me and I'm going to have to redo that. Because God knows. God knows. It was good enough. It was not embarrassing. All this is embarrassing is the specs that you think I'm going to read. Do you really think I'm going to read this? No, it's just informational. No, it's nice. Well, it mentions the tickets. A promo for it. Well, in that and of course, it's also a promo for your buddies, Ron and I And Paul. Like close personal buddies. Right. And there are a long time executive for news. Who's going out to seek it. It's forcing LA on read these morning show. But they just heard their new, but it would put about from the sister's sports out. Let's 790 the ticket. Oh, my God. You think what are we that all over? You say something about their 20th anniversary. There's 17th anniversary. It's like that. Well, I'm going to, you know, at least, you know, I have a little bit of something. There you go. Through old Paul and ancient Ron. Because it says on Thursday, September 20th, it's just in time to kick off their 17th year and then, I mean, so much they do anniversary. So, you know, even though we can't stand their show. I've never heard of it. It had to be anniversary. Come on, Josh. Happy. Happy anniversary. Well, that was week. Sounded very instant serious. Just like mine was. A lot of bitter liar. Happy anniversary guys. Not going 17 years. And without stirring on the year, you guys are kicking ass. But to bring them into produce or man, he does those foam gigs. And but if he put a bucket of vodka off all this funny stuff. Maybe they get some of their own material. We'll have to keep stealing everybody else's including ours. And even then they steal some of this stuff from me. Yeah, Kenny and both. They only went on for like two weeks. Nobody they were stealing their material. Pretty weak, Ron. 1614 votes on a poll. We'll make that 1700 by two o'clock and then I'll come back again tomorrow. Tomorrow's Friday. And oh, thank the Lord. I know. I never been too much in that TGI of crap. You know, sounds so corny. All of now that I'm back to this five day we schedule. Plus, you know, this business of sitting here and rambling on. Rack. See I do three hours, man. Rambling, ranting and reading for four hours. Sure. And that with his shows all about the three hours. Reading and writing and rambling. Yeah. Ranting. And Rogers. Damn God. Four hours a day of this. Now Jean Shepherd used to do one hour where he would talk to him. He used to play the takes on KAT 100 years ago. Jean Shepherd. Remember him? Or it's not. It's pretty boring when he came right down to it all the day. I don't know if they loved him back in the day. At church in ATM for Jesus. Augusta, Georgia. Oh, man. You just ain't never lived so you've been in Georgia. Yeah. Pastor Marty Baker preaches that the Bible is the eternal and invalid word of God. Another church matters is willing to change for the times. Jean's are welcome at Stephen's quick community church. The 1100 member Evangelical congregation Baker founded 19 years ago. Sermons are available as podcasts. And the electric house band has been known to cover aerosuits dream on. A recent men's fellowship breakfast was devoted to discussing these spiritual wages of lunching and hooters. Ha ha ha ha. Right. One of it gets such a big turnout. It is a bit for relevance in a nation charmed by pop culture and consumerism. And it's not an uncommon one. But Baker is waited further into the 21st century than most fishers of Americans. As evidence, oh, I love that line. Fishes of American souls. American cash. As evidence, one Wednesday night when church lowered Josh Marshall stepped up to a curious machine in the church lobby. It was a strange machine, man. It was one of Stephen Creek's three giving kiosks. A sleek black pedestal top of the computer screen. New America keep ahead a magnetic strip reader. Compted by the on-screen instructions. Marshall performed a ritual more common in Quiky, Marce than a house of God. So I tapped in some numbers. The machines fed out of receipt. Marshall's $400 donation was read into church coffers before he found a secret in the worship. $400, my ass. I paid for guests that they with a card got lunch with one said Marshall, who's 30. But third man. As we know different. Baker came up with a kiosk idea couple years ago. He just kicked off a $3 million building grab. But notice that few people seem to keep cash in the wall anymore for the collection's sack for the bag. El Sacco. So he began studying the electronic payment business. Designed as my sheen with a help of computer programmer who's in Stephen Creek and found 80 employees were in a similar form. In early 2005, he introduced the first machine at his church. Oh wait till we have some machines in the churches. Is that coming? It's not a thing. They're pretty soon. Since then, kiosk giving his gradually gained acceptance among his upper middle. Oh, for only those priests from Florida would have found out about that years ago. What made that info it takes a million probably put a couple more digits on that baby. The 3 kiosk are expected to take in between 240 grand this year about 15% of the churches totaled onations. It's truly like an ATM for Jesus Baker said, I'll ride. This summer, Baker and his wife had to begin selling their biases to other churches through their four-profit company secured give. The Eurots only employees but a handful of contractors helped them custom-tailed machines for churches. Wow. The kiosk can let donors identify the gift as a regular, tied to offering or directed to building or missionary funds or just give it to Papa for lawsuits. The machine sent information about the donation to a central church computer system which shoots the donors in email confirmation. Shoot the donors. The Baker charged between two grand and five grand for the kiosk which come in a variety of configurations. They also collect a monthly subscription fee of 4995 for licensing and support. And a cart processing company gets 1.9% of the transaction. A small cut of that fee goes to secure give. So far, seven other congregations have installed and ordered the machines. All of them are Protestant and most of them in the south. If the idea takes off and makes the Baker's rich, Patty says they will thank the Lord and give a significant sum to their church. Five bucks. The concept is in its infancy but it's part of a broader attempt among houses of worship to boost donations using modern technology, in other words, to extract more cash from your ass. Among the most popular are ETI things systems which allow churchgoers to set up automatic contributions for their bank accounts, much as they would their Netflix do. How do you like that? ETIZING MY ASS. How do you like that crap? But Baker, a 45 year old preacher grew up in the pedicosterle churches in South Carolina. She's a more dramatic change in the culture of church giving. As Americans increasingly turned a plastic for everyday expenditures that has certainly been throughout the church. Six years ago, debit cards were used in 21% of historic transactions. Today they account for a third of them, accordingly American bankers association. debit cards. At church services, Baker said the next few years could be capital to another few centuries ago. When offerings of grain and animals were replaced with what was then the newfangled medium of money. How about that? Causes here too, he said. Charcline. Baker assumes many churches are not yet ready to change. The need to generate earthly revenue can be a sensitive topic for the clergy. Lanned putting their left-tare less subtle solicitations has been a support for generations of critics from Chaucer and heavy metal bands. The baker's have heard nasirs at Treacher's mother-disappointed of the Kiosk. Some churches apparently fear that technology so closely associated with commerce might come across as crass, rhymes with irass, crass, rack. Something when religionists are just going to start worrying about being crass like all these televangelist entities are only below. With 800 numbers at the bottom of the screen. We got two swimmers by the way. Excellent. I would imagine that most screeners would envision themselves as an over-amass screaming queen. You think? No. For some people assume that there are people who actually go out of the way to affect that kind of mannerism. I can't even begin to imagine that. You really believe that? No. I find that hard to believe. If there are people who believe that, who would do that on purpose? Lied you have to be so flaming and I just bush up a little bit. I don't know, maybe somebody on the front there. About 6 and 10 Iraqis say the approval of attacks on US-led forces is slightly more than that once a government to ask US troops leave within a year. The Iraqis also have negative use of Osama Yamama, according to the early September poll of 550 Iraqis. That's the ones who are still alive. Well, at least they were as of when they took the polling. The poll done for University of Maryland's program on international policy attitudes found almost four and five Iraqis say the US military force and Iraq provoked more violence than a prevent. Then we have this in an earlier story as we did, if you were listening. About 61 percent approved to be attacks up from 47 percent in January. That's on American soldiers. A solid majority of Shiite and Sunni Arabs have proved to the attacks where the poll the increase came mostly among Shiite Iraqis. And over an overwhelming negative opinion of territory has been more than half, 57 percent of the government of the Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahman Injai. That's it. Three-four say they think the US-Pindski military bases in Iraq permanently will they should know that. Fourteen of them, by the way. A majority of Iraqi 72 percent say they think Iraq will be one state five years from now. She had Iraqis in March, like for the field that way, the way majority of Sunni's incurred also believe that would be the case. The poll which included an over-sample of 150 Sunni's had a marginary of plus, muscle-mainest three percent of points. There you go. You've been pulling the poor damn Iraqis. The ones who are still alive. And then every now and then they've put one on the ground to say, well, we're taking a poll on survey. 1625 votes in a poll. I think tight, don't you? We got 50 minutes for 75 votes. You can do it. And the interesting part of this is, we got 74, so the SMG has opposed to 77, the first time. So we're missing three three queens from a deck. Two kings and three queens. And of course, I'm Hispanic 127, topping the 112 we had before but George doesn't believe it. He thinks you're all like a bunch of macho men like the little Vittal. I think that's the best thing we can tell you, but I heard you say, four-squish. Five-seven, you said the issue. Like, and... So, these names, the best talent. It's the candidate for more than two. Two to the Roger on a mobile. What's up, Roger? I wanted to talk about the guy with the New York pizza. Yeah, okay. Good to see you. Good to see you. I grew up in upstate New York. When you tap, peg party dollars around those dreadboards up there. And that's what feeds New York there, their water. So you know what they're drinking. Oh, I just have to jump there. There's Roger going, I'm right. You guys think it's so great, man. Is a little something for you to enjoy this one. Now we added some dumplings sometime too. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We did some of the tasks. Fort radio five six six two eight and. We're need to hide. Oh. Four. Four. And. Junior has a juice box. You put in the straw before it takes a sip. It's all over the ball. Because if it holds a good sight. It's crazy. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. Junior got a juice box. It's been a whole night. It keeps dripping out and dripping out and dripping out and dripping out. From this it holds a juice right. It keeps your cold stay away. Junior got a juice box. I was waiting for a ball. I. Please don't. Come on, don't. Because if you're going to get to. You have to wash your shoes. You've just got a juice box. I was waiting for a ball. I. You're fair. We said one called a pop has got a squeeze box. It's a cramp. Well, I'm sure. I do, but I'm sure I'm playing out with no more. Yeah. Then that's how far down we've come on to. We're just. We apologize for the fact that we can't say cramp. Because you know, such as the government we got. Joyce and the governor is full of cramp fans. 1634. Oregon, that bushard just asked getting. Paca says to cooperate. Oh, no way. Jose. He done it. No, he done it. The world is a bunch of women. That's what it is. I had a sitting there and I was not used it, right? Chancellor Angela Merkel. That's the one at Bush was a squeeze in the shoulders on. Yes. Erich Germans yesterday, not about affairs of Islamic violence. After that Berlin Opera House, Chancellor Mozart, worked over concerned summacies, could arrange scenes, could arrange muslims and poses security risk. What did I just say? I have no idea. But you remember that story, don't you? Yes. I think the cancellation was a mistake. The censorship does not help us against people who want to practice violence in the name of Islam, she told reporters, it makes no sense to retreat after the Leaver. Merkel's comments, which echo those other German senior politicians, fueled a wow over the cancellation of Mozart's A-Dominio, that overshadowed the government's thoughts and conference to promote dialogue with the country's 3.2 million muslims. Berlin's Deutsche Opera Opera set on Monday, Oprah. Deutsche Opera set on Monday to pull performances of the opera, which features a scene depicting the severed heads of the Prophet Muhammad, Buddha and Jesus, after police ordered to pose an incapable security risk, they ordered to order about the Buddhists or the Graham, but they were really concerned about those muslims. The route comes just two weeks after Pope Benedict and raised muslims who narrates easily these days very sensitive, very touchy. By quoting from medieval Tesla, he mispresident of his own violence. Last year's publication of Car Tunes, the Prophet Muhammad and the Danish newspaper, triggered by the Muslim protests in a bunch of dead people as well as I'm sure you recall. The opera first performed in 1781. Tells the story of Cretan King, Edomenio, a lot of Cretans around these days. The controversial scene was added by the director Hans Nuhin Fels and is it a departure from the score? And tear Minister Wolfgang Schaubel, told reporters after the conference that the participants were united in their call for the opera to restart performances of Edomenio. Starring Salmonio, I'm going to keep talking about Salmonio. I don't know because that video. Namaste being. No, it's because the guy has sent facts that in last week for two weeks ago. I remember that was funny. The sentence, I wish I could remember what it was, but it was funny. The sentence single, we could all go to the performance together, Shao Boul, who has no authority over the opera house, totally protested after the conference. Wouldn't it be great? All hold hands together. Just like Bush can go with Car Zion mind, Masharf, and off a DJ, Shao Boul, and go around the May pool together. How are we doing on that? Are we going to get to 17 every? Because if we don't, it would be a devastating blow to our egos. 1638. That's kind of great. Isn't that about where we were yesterday at 139. Switched it? Right. We still have only two screamers, only four by. I'll show you the by guys and the gals. We don't have the gals. I wish. Well, we don't. We have no female audience at all. We're so proud of you. Huh? We're just with some by-cals. Do you really? Yeah. May you want to buy him? All right. How much? Two new statewide pools in California. So Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger widening his lead over Democrat Philanzel Easewood just six weeks ago before the election. They love Arnold. Dominating the news and reason we used to wish with splashy Bill signing ceremonies and celebrity News events, Schwarzenegger's jump to a 17-point lead over the state treasure. And by the way, Julie was going to 10-point lead in Connecticut over Dave Lamont. I mean, Ed Lamont, Princeton. Lamont's campaign is like faltering. You know, like who the hell is that anyway? By the way, Josh, did we carry the press conference today? Were our T.O.C.D. did not try to convince us. No, he's not just fine. We did not? No. Why not? Everyone was piled up in the bullpen to hear it, but we weren't carrying it. They were all piled up in a bullpen to hear it? Yeah. They were all piled up in the bullpen. Well, yeah, but they're doing other things. A bunch of cameras and two-afi-about-and-a-half. Probably shrimp. Get out of my bullpen. You idiots? You a-holes. The field pool fund that Arnold has got improved the two points since July, and now leads 44 to 34 points among likely voters. Even more telling is that nearly 7 out of 10 voters say they think they've got it all to be re-elected. He's a shoe-in, because he's Arnold. He's the Terminator. He's illiterate. He's a goofball. He's a...well. Both fools also found really modest support for Angelina Lee's among voters in his own party. The governor has to prize in strength the Terminator among key groups in areas of the group in the leader of the state-considered Democratic-Store Stronghold. With a coldest of unions beginning a multimillion dollar campaign against the governor of this week, and the much anticipated debate between the two set for next week, Angelina Lee's supporters still insist they've got time to turn the more mint of the more. Still both poor authors said Angelina Lee's face is a tough uphill challenge. There you go, they're our Arnold man. Just like they loved Reagan and George Murphy, all the Hollywood people man, just run for our office when you're washed up and show business, just run for politics and give to all the graphic and grab both hands. Right? That's what they're doing. 1644. 56 votes for 700 and 37 minutes. That should be easy. Not even two a minute. We should be able to do it. But don't take it for granted, though, please. Why can't you hear this? Guess who's defending Clinton's 911 efforts? I don't know, some have been lied about. He looks a little like him without the beer, though. Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani defended Bill Clinton yesterday over the former president's counterterrorist, resident referencing, recent criticism on providing 911 terrorist attacks is wrong. That's what he said. Political, bickering, or in fact, look at this, look where he was and for a long day when he said that, because he's standing at the podium and his big banner Charlie Chris for governor writing front of him because Charlie Chris gave. Political bickering over which a president Clinton or Bush mislaw opportunities to prevent the attacks of an escalating since that competitive Fox news interview. The idea trying to cancel him on president Clinton is just wrong for many, many reasons. Not the least of which I, is I don't think he deserves a jury. And he said, in response to a question after an appearance with fellow Republican Charlie Christ who's running for governor. That's Charlie. I don't think president Bush deserves it. The people who deserve blame for 911, I think we should remind ourselves are they are we're see Islamic fanatics who came here and killed us and want to come here again and do it. Well, if they killed us, how come we're still talking about it? Interesting? Who came here and killed us? Secretary of State Condom Lisa, challenged Clinton's family, did more than many of us. Who did mole and accused the Democratic leaving no comprehensive while we know about that? Do you understand he said he believed Clinton like his successor? Did everything he could with the information he was provided? And a partner's in a pair of chains. Go away, Rudy. No comeback. You and your buddy Charlie. Yeah. Chris. You know, you know, you're a true red, they're bleeding red. All that crap about, you know, well, Gordon, one Florida and Yadiyada. Since they, yeah, who's state man, so it's a red next state. 1646. We got five by by the way, but still need two flamer schemers. If all the schemers would come out of the closet, we'd have like a thousand more already. Maybe they already voted for what? What could they do in it a lot? Yeah. For, yes, I'm gay. Oh, I see. We only got 74, we're still three short from the 77 from 100 years ago. I'm thinking they moved away. Or maybe they turned on the Ron and Paul Schroen for got to change his channel. The 50's name. So, best channel. I'm still holding it on the ticket. We're going to create some of those words. You're winning over. 60. Yeah. And. The 50's name. The best. I thought I had no problem. Tell me what you saw yesterday. It was a win that didn't feel like a win. Yeah. This is a van for fluffy. I've been in an average football team right now. It's a bad team. And the last two weeks at home, at ran up one touchdown per game. And that's not good. That says you have serious problems. So power. With a over-intimensional 405. 60. 2 AM. Look at and spit. Yeah. With the elbows open with revenge and kill. She lost her mind. It was the hell she's thinking. I left something. She's got tail. We have a little face. She did. Yeah. She's got skin. We have a little child. Oh. She's about the need to say that she's not a player. They just push up. They just push up. They do together. We have a little child. It's not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm a play. Don't follow me. She'll be just a ring. She got it. We have a little child. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl. She's got a girl of two times. Oh my God. You should guess who I am. You should guess who I Am. You should be trying to bring my daughter home. First off, I saw that I did not believe you. These kids must be just alone. You are sugar. You could go wrong with this. You could come back and send them to check. It's some work to do. We've told you. Test. medical health business. It says, this is an SI.com. It's in the image business and when say a bird robins are to meet his underwood or aliamzo's spellmen when this case, a Carolones comes along. The league is fairly helpless. That big macho NFL man to be complex, like limp-rusted, helpless. We're still gathering facts about T.O.s latest, but genuine suicide attempt to call for help a complete misunderstanding question mark. Oens denies trying to kill himself, but who knows what really happened? How much of the shadow do? One thing is clear and has been for quite a while. There are major psychic intricacies with this man, and no one quite knows how to deal with them. In other words, but over the time of like that. I wrote this last year when T.O. was during things up for the Eagles concerning his contract. A team of official full middle home advocate of him worked out quietly. If T.O. hadn't raised such a fuss about it, if he would have come in quietly without all his commotion, we would have come to an agreement. We were prepared to. We didn't feel as the man was unreasonable, given the way he came back from his injury last year, and the great Super Bowl he had. But when a God puts a gun to your head, you're only creating more problems if he came in. But that wasn't an isn't T.O. was way. Status quo grabs him while. It's as if he can't stand peace and stability. He has to be doing something to create a stir or make waves. Get people fired up. I say, he's a dronical in another words. There you go. A ranging stents to capture the attention of the press one moment shutting them down and telling them I'm not talking the next. He has driven his moods wins our stream. Call the performer by polar disorder. Vortalanskitsa free me whatever you like. I'm not a psychiatrist so I can't put a name to it. But I've had a long time relationship with psychiatric problems because of our close relative who's had them and I've seen quite a few people like T.O. It's tough to feel sorry for him, though because he's got a mean street view or whatever he knows. He didn't attack down a McNaggara offensive coach of Brad Schulter's until they were their lowest aim at their most vulnerable. Same thing with his quarterback in San Francisco, Jeff Garthia. Speaking of gay, but that doesn't mean he's not suffering from something that never really gets addressed. Spellman and Underwood were both first round draft choices and defensive linemen. Both were diagnosed with major psychiatric disorders. Underwood didn't stand as prescribed medication for any decent period. He never played in a regular season game. Spellman was more careful about taking his meds and a decent career but never lasted in football past his 20s. Robbins, a writer, sent it with schedule starting Super Bowl 38 against the bucket ears. But on Friday night before the game he flipped out and never said foot on a football field again. He was diagnosed as bipolar, compounded with booze problems. He admitted he had major troubles when he went off his meds. He'd been in an out of trouble with a lie. He's been in an out of trouble a lot of a sense. Mike Tyson, long as Vince suspected of having serious psychiatric problems, no kidding. The mood swings, the ferocious behavior at times, contrasted with periods of almost serene reflection. He admitted that he took medication for depression and that stuff, but that's as far as he go. Other stuff. The problem with high profile outfits like Tyson and NFL linemen said at the above is that they're meds, while controlling for the most part their psychiatric problems, take little off their physical prowess. For an athlete who strained all his life to achieve a certain peak, it's devastating to subject himself to something real to private with that slightest little edge. That's very bonds about that. I just put that in. Don't be taken on very again. Okay, Josh, it's very upset. He cries. This is especially true in performers of explosive times of sports such as football or boxing. It also applies to artists and musicians creative people who feel that the meds have a slightly dulling effect. What's as a psychiatrist? Which would have, which would everyone have preferred? Highly-medicated, fully stabilized Vincent Van Gogh or the Van Gogh story night like a giver crab. He admitted to me the psychiatric communities are problems dealing with exceptional people like Vincent Van Gogh. Who was it that the song Vincent? Don McLean. Right? Well, I mean, little piece of trivia there for you don't have it. You don't have Vincent by God. It's Larry, Larry? Oh, no, that's enough. That's more than enough. Football players at the highest level of the helping, a sensitive invincibility release and peer-artied ordinary citizens. I remember talking Lawrence Taylor after he bolted from a drug rehab program, which could be compared in sense to psychiatric rehab. Definitely not for me, he said. You go into one of those groups, I said with all these losers sitting around and then they call on you and say, Mrs. Smith and ask your tell us about your day. What tell that I care about her day for? I'm convinced that he was really a need of treatment right now. It says, doesn't say, and there's no a violent on a stress for a solicitor. He's got no name on it. It says, of course, then he might not be the number 81. You see, flashing across your scene on Sundays. At least we wouldn't have to worry about whether he swallowed handfuls of painkillers or not. Are you worrying about it? I'm not. No. I couldn't give her crap less. What is a search underway in the woods out there? Now let's see, is this the search in Florida? Oh yeah. Latelyn, have we been to Lakeland? Don't. I think I've been through it. Oh man, talk about trailer trash. Good, Golly. That is one. In fact, Lakeland is like one big trailer park. You know who used to live in Lakeland? The bird. The, ah, he beat me to it. Yeah, he lived in Lakeland. I ain't never impressed me as being like Redneckie. No. I mean, a lot of other things you'd probably like to say about him because you were hard to hate. Well, you know, he's dead. Yeah. And that was a great show we had in the morning. I don't know what you saw. It was a good show. I didn't say he loved that show. And it's overly. So he was always my mistake. I, you know, I've tried to be the godfather for the whole universe. Can't do it. Can't carry the world on my back. You know, I'm getting back pains. That was a bad mistake. He didn't belong on that show. But on the day that he feeling like, uh, like our glove, you know, like a partologist glove in your back room. It was a part of the zoo with Captain He was fine. We were always good. It was good. And then of course we also had John what's his name for it. Oh, boy. 1662. We need 38 and 23 minutes to get to 17 that we're doing the show, which will get us their front page of the London Independent New York Times LA Times Palm Beach Post 1663. 222 don't forget mad dog coming over to a clock to tell you again about how to help pepper sucks and then often stink. So we didn't say that now because in our station and then next seven gets all better shape and uh, to bad your team sucks. Hey, isn't time to took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparation. This is human nature. I guess the most people wait until the last second when hurricane is on the way and believe me, there will be some. And then sometimes it's too late. The hurricane shut about that manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they even provide you with expert installation to if you need. Call them in 954 237 7 83. They future roll downs accordions and panels too. Just like the hurricane shut about luck has to make even install the show to us for you. Call them right now at 9454 237 7 83 and get on your way to top notch protection. You really have to have it if you live in Florida. The hurricane shut about less family owner not provided license and shirt and they brought in Palm Beach County approved. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specs are ready to for you to pick up or they'll deliver my tweet. And like I said, now even in solemn for you two if you like. The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards are submitted and don't forget please if you mentioned my name tell them at Neil Center. You get a hundred bucks off on the minimum order of 350 square feet. Their hurricane shut around lo column at 954 237 7 83 or just long time for their website. Hercane shutteroutlet.com. Biggest name. So best tell us how to fix this Neil Rogers for video 560 if you pay them. Sock it in and hold it. Hey, bro. Right wing not see with love again mother. Same to Moli as Moli do with their in their own mother. How they're gonna say that when it comes to your bag if they make your board that train. Right wing not see with love is rather Well, and you'll stay in love just have a feeling the airways with made the radio was permeated with the light to Dr. Lauraville and Rian Michael Reagan. They call the clear channel cost and clearly out to make the message clear their right wing not see with love again mother. Are you sure they're all right wing not see with love again mother or all the table talking needy to get any Matter now we do whatever they are told to believe or shift your to say or team Right wing not see with love again mother Friends Well, the democrats who craft their pants like the chiles add a scarry boom copus shall roam all in shut up but it don't have a clue any Hundred days doing the Democrats have a death wish when it comes to liking have some new merch kind ground isn't row in Jolly All right, we Nazi Republican mother farts. There are all right, we Nazi Republican mother farts. Who get a dignity, but is a tenets getting a juicy hummurder. Just remember what I said when a country's abatty made before that train. Right, we Nazi Republican mother farts. There are all right, we Nazi Republican mother farts. But all the tables are okay. The past 60 before 25, 60, WCM, we got the 1679. 73, as well, that says I might. We need 27 votes in 15 minutes. That's not quite 2 minutes. Yeah, we could do it, maybe. Not me, but the audience can do it. It's not even a vote, it's a number required opinion. Doesn't even require a mental process, although I don't all see in my, I don't know. Although we are tracing me, you've got 1673. We got eight by people are there, but only two screamers, two flavors out there so far. By naming, let us be the judge of that. You know, this fruit cake in the Colorado. It's good, that's a pretty perish. Don't, the one that was a shooting up a kid in the school of it. Oh, that one. A dumb and who killed a student in the hostage and then himself during a high school standoff. Traumatized in the soldiers' hostages during an act that was of a sexual nature police today. You've taken six girls hostage in the classroom at Tatkan in high school in Bayley, Colorado. He had released all the boys. He sent them all out of the room. He didn't, he wouldn't interested in them. He was going around and making sure the boys left the classroom. It was apparent to me that one of the kids that he wanted the females in the class. He turned me around and pointed the gun on my face to me. We got idea if I just left. As he left the classroom, the kid said another female student was coming to the classroom. He was going to the classroom. He was going to the classroom. He was going to the classroom. He was going to the classroom. He was going to the classroom. As he left the classroom, the kid said another female student was coming in the door as he pushed around the door when they left the building together. He said his initial reaction was to stand in the room with a female students. I wonder the girls asked him to support the room he said, but this slime ball, the Wayne Morrison, he didn't want no guys in there. Authorities of Search Morrison's car in which he appeared to be living. They said the suspect didn't have much of a criminal history only. Minor things were on his record. Biggly, Colorado, by the way, is not far from Columbine. I just meant it at that in passing. So all you parents saw there if you got kids don't double the Colorado. It's probably good idea. If you do double the Colorado, like home school or something like that, anything. Now what's this going on in Lakeland? There's a student that happened there and police have asked everyone in this area to state in their homes as a search for a suspect earlier. We saw law enforcement on the ground with dogs and with dogs when they got on the air. To look for the suspects, we've got schools on lockdown. On the phone with us, we've got Polk County emergency management representatives, Keith McNally. What do you know? Well, a lot of people in the district are a little bit later. We regard the shooting and so forth, but they're exactly right right now. We have the schools in the lockdown area. They think they've located the area where the suspect is. Or the general area is that that's surrounded by the. Crazy people are guns, baby. What are the little mess is? And law enforcement here to try to get our deputies out of there. Okay, and Mr McNally, we're hearing that this all stem from a traffic stop to Polk County Sheriff's Officer Sheriff's deputies were involved in the traffic stop. Tell us what was the first to participate after that and if there are any firsts of their Indian injuries. Well, unfortunately, I can't really tell you any details. I just started about it a little bit later after that that the shooting had taken place. So I'm not too representative, but I know that the. What you said of that is true for that the. What's Lakeland Kathleen area where the suspect is located right now. And of course, that's in Polk County. It ever been in Polk County. Sure, I have man. You know, Polk's out of any, but you don't have that. I don't even know who the hell done that song. Polk's out of any. I'll have some Polk shots to be good. That's from the Gibson thing. Get some Polk shots for your own kipper. I think they did that. Oh, my God. Yeah, and that's actually it. Polk's out of any. How do you go? The way Tony is Tony Joe. No. I'm going to say it here. I see. There's some. They've been there for so too much. No, I should know about this. So y'all. I'm telling. I'm telling. I'm telling. I'm telling. There's a plan to go to the other. Yeah. But you. So. Go a moment. Go a moment. Hey, back home. Folks. Oh. Hope this. And say that. Oh. Oh. You. Okay. Post. Oh, no. It was a gigantic smash. I'm certainly a one hit wonder. I'm sure that. Yeah. 16 E. One. Let's see. Uh, deputies entered the accident. Two sure if they've been shooting in Lakeland. And they're combing the woods. And they're like foaming at the mouth. And crazy people would gun. That's America. They be Zion America. As they say in Lakeland. Move into Oakland, California. This is kind of a strange story. A dead Lama found in the streets. His luck city officials wondering how the South American animal ended up abandoned in an urban area. Well, how could anything from South America? Why do we California? Yeah. At first, East Oakland residents assumed a part of a pineapple with black and white spots was a horse and called the city's animal control department report the find. At first, it looked like a horse. Always tell was a head stick and out from a tarp. Said Andrew Gordon would the Oakland's animal control field services. But I looked at it closely. And I said, look at the ears. That's a Lama. The Lama's legs were tied up. It was covered with a tarp. But it appears to have died of old age Gordon said, well, thank God for that. Residence of the Oakland Hills sometimes keep Lama's who are members of the Campbell family is pets. I wonder where the Oakland Hills people come from? I don't know. Well, they keep Lama's who are like our lives big and Peru. I guess, yeah. Chile and you guess. But what one of them saw the America? You better get with it, Mr. You better start studying your roots. Yeah. I'm going to be a little sad again. It should give you a little a what for. I can't think of any reason somebody would just dump it. He said, people of animals that good usually have money. People who have exotic animals. The Gordon said he probably wouldn't spend much time solving the mystery of the Lama. The animal doesn't seem to have suffered abuse. And since it wasn't brandy, doesn't know where to start looking for the owner. Somebody dumped their dead Lama up there in the trash. I'm the road. Not good. And I hear it head like a brown splash on its pants too. Not good. 1684. What is this is a little too close for comfort? You know what? They're they're toying with me today. They're dillin. 1685. We need 15 votes in nine minutes. Not even two a minute, right? Right. But taking down a little bit too close to the wire. Like someone who's football games. Like they have the Patriot jet game a couple weeks ago. Not too close for comfort. And it shouldn't have been. We should easy. You have 2,000 on here. We had a big head start. You know what? I think we see it some people away though with that screamer selects. You insisted putting on your screamers. You know? To attitude. Playing with screamers. Huh? Right. We've got a little bit on this. 1686. 14 votes. We need nine minutes. I bet you'll fall on old Ronald's start taking their own polls. Start tomorrow. And their poll probably will be if you ever had a homeless sexual experience. Wouldn't you think? I imagine. Didn't somebody tell us that they're already doing that? Yeah. Take a poll. They already ripped off something from Kenny and Bole. I don't know. You know. Look at that guy. Good luck guys. Okay. You'll need a 17 years on a market in for for them. It's quite an accomplishment with their talent. Incredible. Bye.