six sheep hell yes be shooting tomorows not to hang free and play mansion do you offer a station called rakual raises old now as north And there are the golds, the balees of big city at home, and that's where the bees leaves had to go for y'all a Riley Jones. On Oegean, he'll do what he's can. He can't like a friend. Then quickly walk away. They had jokes, go to five six o'os with ratings and the toilet mold to get those flaming-sportal mows and order and control. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go, we're all in Go. Above you, learn and him the most. He lets mows. Go, and here's what mows gives you, he's all Joe. He'll make the big change. Every no-ray. It's where so the same. He hasn't done a thing. Or goes home the air at two. Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a four. Not that essentially flows for whole radio. The G.M. Of five six o'o'o, Jolly, Riley, Joe. Walk solid. I'll tell you one thing, every day. It may or may America is always said about tropical storm ellibertary one or one. Why? Because it means CNN's going to be having a lot more Rob Marciano on here. The stuff that I just found on the internet, man, I'm going to tell you. Why don't they just put one big banner on there, all of it just sign it? I have no right. My God. Get a life already, okay, stop in a fantasy land. It's one thing to look and say, and that's pretty interesting, but there's another thing like to have to go online and like, oh, yeah, it gives them something to do, man. Yeah, it gets something of substance, man. Yeah, I saw that thing to one day line again. Last night it was on MSNBC, so the master repeated the later one on night. They said, did. And they're like obsessed with this. And the interesting part of it is to prove how much they were accomplishing is that most of these, most of them, several of the guys that they entrapped in there. Yeah. They said, well, have you seen us see me before on date line? We're doing a series on, yeah, obviously we're just encouraging people, right? Yeah, right? I don't know. Well, let you know when Rob Marcianos and CNN audio, yeah, Queens out there. Are you desperate, Queens, or want to take a peek? It'll be before we talk about yesterday, or the weekend poll. The Sun Sentinel is got their own poll on over the weekend. Also, Rickshaw congratulations this Friday, 50 years, exactly. Radio, radio business. I feel like that. And boy, that time, Jika, he's got a column on air, but a read it goes on for five million words. It's a lie, I am not, I'm not saying he even says that on air. So I go on, Ricky Tiki Shaw, would tip our own cap. What do what he's done under that cap? Probably a lot of mung from all the years he's been wearing nothing? Fifty years in the business, not in South Florida, of course. But so we're 40, I believe. Anyways, the Sun Sentinel's taking this poll. How closely are you following the heat now that they're like, you know, this bandwagon effect is going on. 7,618 votes on the Sun Sentinel poll. And I think the results are very revealing. Too bad our programming people aren't paying attention to things like this. 33.6% say I'll watch all the games and read the news coverage. That's about a third. 18.7% say I'll watch some of the games and read the news coverage. But 13 and a half percent say I'll read the news to see who won, but we'll watch in the games. So that's like a very, that's not really much interest, right? Even I look to see who won the game. Right, yeah. And 34.2% said I don't follow basketball. So if you take those last two categories and put them together, they've got 47.6 almost 50% out of 7,618 vote. Almost 50% have little or no interest in the heat. So once again, we've proved that they're all casting really pays off. Not, but at any rate. I mean, just on and on. How's the got their ass kicked last night, you know? Yeah, bad. Did I get that wrong? Oh, no, you got that right. I mean, I saw that score. Looks like they got their ass hooked big time and they've got two nothing in the finals. I just mentioned that in passing because a lot of people out there are intensive. So that's our poll question day. Who would you rather date? Check or a Rob Marciano. All your queens out there. I would ask the ladies, but of course the ladies, we don't have any ladies. They're probably all over their would-you're a rose, all the ladies. Here's the poll question from Friday over the weekend. 18, Edward, and 60 votes. That's not too shabby for a weekend in mid-June. I don't know. Not bad at all. And now we just replayed. Oh my god, I thought about somebody did a drag routine. My close personal friend Susan Candy, out he's out there on the beach. And she was wearing the same orange outfit that Rob Marciano was wearing before. I thought maybe Rob made the total transformation into a lady. Wow, holy moly rob. That's in clear water. And of course, it's only the, what is it? The 12th of June and you already got the first tropical storm of the season. Nice going. Better, better you than me. Alberto. Things started going in the 12th of the QA and we asked him Friday. When Joe rose left and I just mentioned Joe rose, he did. Said, $252 people say that when he really screwed him over bad. They lied, lied. They stole them all and they post phone meetings and Greg went into his hiding routine again. And then finally, they've stuck stern on here. When Joe rose left $252, I hate this full of $20. Although I sound like $1.1%. When Stern came on to 02, so you tie the first and the third one together there, which basically the timing is the same. And you've got like, not good news. Things started going in the 12th of the QA and they hired Joyce. She was like an afterthought. We added her later and she came on a very strong fourth. But let this thing go another couple of hours. She'd have passed this during. $195 for Joyce that bitch. Clueless honey. When they broke up the first team, 166. I think that reading is the right answer when he came right down to it. Because that was the beginning of the dilemma that they were never able to solve. And still had it obviously. When Scott Ferrell was fired, 150. Yeah, let's leave money or a little till we talk till we're sure we lost the license. Let's leave money. There we go. When he went all sports, 135, that's a long time ago. When Hank went to mornings, 123, when Mo was let go. That missed your Howard 99. When Stern was taken off 94, when Scott Ferrell was hired, 53, when Neil came on here, 46, although I have rumors on that deal. At 20 of those votes were by Robert Greeper and the other 20 back parents and six were by. With the Dota Dota Dota E. 46 when Neil came on, that's when things started going to hell. When Ferrell's became the PD40, when Joe Bell became the DM. Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, man. Just popped in the door when he said that. Who was that? John Deere, Clarence. Yeah. All according to well, a normal kid, he's a very handsome young man. Oh, is that right? That's what I have for an agent. Okay, spends this hour and a half or however long I had this meeting on Friday. This breathless meeting, evidently it was breathless. And his report to me later when the day is that, you know, parents is a handsome young man. I said, boy, you're going to get to an optometrist right away. There are a lot of adjectives I could use for clearance, but handsome is not one of them. Okay, I mean, good guy. Talk about desperate norma. Go out and pick up some hot runaways and forget about Clarence. Good guy. I wouldn't do him with Euro. Anyway, the tick when the ticket came on 21. That's when things started going bad. So only 21 is 1.1%. The ticket said really a big impact. Not. In fact, that 1.1 is the number they can relate to. When screwing God can 19, when Greg Weedless only ate and when Chris Moran left seven. So Greg Weedless and Chris Moran are a lot of wing way down in the bottom. So anyway, that's obviously Greg Weedless to the problems. And then they said, hey, that's enough already. A little bit late. A little bit late, Joyce. Here's today's pool so far. I think we'll do that one on the ahead for tomorrow. Okay, we should. Don't you? Sure. Because after all, this is all sports radio. Let's find out about the QN people. If they're a little bit ahead up to their ears with SAHF and IRA. And who the other ones we have on all the time? Randy Pofand. Pat Riley's on have Riley. Of course. But I got a respect here. What's a story, Pat? What's the excuse for these last two for that last night, especially? I mean, again, given that was least competitive to the last few seconds. Yeah, what last night was a blowout. It was an embarrassment. But I looked away, Hank says, well, Lee, I ought to make Chris have him give an up. They made him 4 point favorites for tomorrow's game. Well, what we do, you know, who down two games to zip, they're thinking of a join on. Any interest on a show? Oh, I don't care. 720 votes. We got to 1,000 made in the shade. No problem. And by the way, if we do have a UN baseball game tonight, that's news to me, because it says, I don't have the updated schedule here. Really, the new one I say this morning, didn't know it doesn't have a, but what do you mean the new one? I didn't have an old one. So I got it says, Curtis 2 to 4 and then there's like an asterisk on there. I don't know what the asterisk means, because it doesn't, it doesn't say. There's an asterisk on there. But generally, when there's an asterisk next to something at the bottom of the page, it'll give you like maybe, maybe, you know, this is taken. That's, those steroids, you know? Oh, they're going to this, they have a set. And that's why Curtis is, I get the asterisk. In fact, that's the good news. Curtis is on today. The bad news is he's on every day the rest of the week. Air, resingle day. Wow. Nice going with that meeting, Norma. Yeah, Josh Darrell. He's a very, uh, handsome young man. Oh, what a queen, Norma. What a silly queen. Oh, and then he also tells him that they're going to be getting a letter from him. This middle of this week, even though he knows that they're going to pay any attention to it. That's the guy that's got real cloud. I mean, this is a guy that used to be a hell raise, a man. He used to like be a legal, uh, maniac. And I was just like, uh, he's whipped out. Curtis, two to four, mad dog for the seven. And we got UN baseball, I guess, huh, and any K after that. UN men heard something about Joseph Gacky being a Mississippi, which I think is a good place for him. Because everybody knows. Joseph Gacky's sucks, okay? He said it's a treat to feet year to a beat your feet on the Mississippi mud. That's what Joseph said. 720 votes on the pool. The woman I despise most is, I mean, is this even a contest? No, I voted twice and she's winning. Yeah. And it's down. Especially lately, because she's so obnoxious and is eight million articles about her. Everybody looked, oh my gosh, and the ones that really cracked me up are the It's like a Rob Marciano thing. Oh, at least he looks good. Well, of course, you know, get a attractive woman on there. People pay attention. She's a track. Oh, yeah. I'll tell you one thing. If all women in the world looked like that, every male would be gay. God, give me a break. Anyway, the woman I despise most, and colder, not even close. Every 91. She's got more than half. She's got 53.5% of all the vote. Condor, leisure, 103. Nasty, hateful bitch. Oh, you know who he left off of here? Who's that? Choice. Oh, man. You better add that on there right away. I have a feeling she's going to pull off the same stunt she did Friday. And there's climb. Yeah. As an afterthought, she climbed up there to a nice fourth. I think she could be right on Anzass, rightfully so. Condor, leisure 103. Hillary Clinton 50, 66. Ice, the ice princess. In other words, Dijk, offer 42. I wonder about her tune out that I care about. And that whole statement thing. Do you really buy into that? No. Not really. She's married to her work. I hate this pull 36. My X, Y, 36. Nancy Grace 24. Fill the shoe fly. I love it. That's because nobody remembers who that is. No more. Fill the shoe fly. My mother and law 11. And we see I put really cross being an airport on her. Her name really is really a cause. But everybody calls her. We do cross be. So that's what we put on her. And she's only got 10. And that's because most people don't know who she is. 12 at his past 10 a Q.A.M. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. 8. I love it. You get a lot of it. I love it. If you Rogers, I was for Tolvedy, You owe you to A.A. Welcome to the world called Socker Championships. I'm Tommy Charles. And I'm Nigel Durby. Today is Matt Pitz for Scientologists of America. I'm the French Ray Aliens. How do you rate this match? Well, it should be quite the contest. So let me sign toologists. I guess a way to score made up entirely of clothes of Socker Great Paylaes. Well teams are taking the field. The Scientologists will kick off. Then what I'm doing? It's Calvple's passing to Tromford, In my clothes and my paylaes number 4. Paylaes number 6 is SLEPS. I'm losing the degree. I know what I'm roughly ball from Tromford. Cools attached to metric ways. But the Cruzy Shins. Except that black head of the net. The Scientologists take it with one year leave. And the way is what? What is this in a piece, Toby? The Ray Leans ain't hasn't true cultivation. Committed Mascorto. I love stands on laughing at. Join us for our next match. And the Southwest and Beligos take on the net head. Next on on the World Cup. So catch up is just two! That's 17. Now what time is that you asked the Czech Republic of Socker Game for the net? That's a newter. Was that a newter? Are we going to be carrying that or what? Because I think it's probably just as much interest as that as there is in the final semifinals thing. And we didn't update on that baseball game? No, we did not. Oh. Do we have a third person sitting in there with us today? No, we do not. Oh. Excellent job. Nice meeting there, Norma. You really get the job done. She is really something. In fact, when surprised me a lot of those are posting on the Internet about Rod Marceano, probably from Norma. Silly Queen. Leonard Pitzt, Jr. in the Baltimore Sun. How about I guess probably a syndicated in the Herald 2, but he writes for the Baltimore Sun. Oh, I see no way to make it. He still accomplished for the Herald in his column pair of Sundays in the Baltimore Sun. He writes this weekend. Apparently it's news that Angkoter is an SD piece of work. I had read a thought that it was the attraction. At least for those people who find who are attractive. See there we go again. So for give me for being mildly mystified by recent headlines about our most recent spasm of trash mouth, I.e. for attack on four women who lost their husbands in Rhyme and terrorist attacks. But then the attack is vicious even by Miss Coler standards. In a latest book, whose time do you won't read here, she savages the widows of self-obsessed and witches. These broads and millionaires, she writes lion eyes done, TV and articles about them, rambling in their status and celebrities and stocked by grief or Nazis. I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much. Evidently the widows sensor that they pushed for an independent commission to investigate 9-11 intelligence failures, their critical of abortion administration and a indoor senator John Kerry for president to nerve them. Miss Coler's tie-weight is drawn by partisan condemnation, New York Democratic Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton called it vicious while the states Republican Governor George Fittanky declared Miss Coler far worse than insensitive. But come on, this is all part of the stick for this chick. I mean, oh, she's a chick with the stick. I mean, we're talking about the woman who said that Tim McVaselny mistake was not going up in New York Times building and that we should invade Muslim countries, kill their leaders and convert to people to Christianity. Frankly, it's easy to do what Miss Coler does. Just say the most outrageous thing in the most inflammatory way, just give moral and mental cover that small-minded, anti-intellectual strain of the electorate that recurls like Superman in the phase of kryptonite from complexity and in-insertitude. And when people call you on it, just wrap yourself in the flag and declare yourself a straight-shooting conservative under siege by that mean-old liberal media. It plays like gangbusters in Piora and never mind that it's a brazen lie. And Coler is not reviled because she's conservative, so the best and most respected pundits in the country are conservative, George Will, Kathleen Parker, Charles Crowdhammer, just an M3. They offer smart, snarky, cogent analyses of the world-national events, and if you disagree with them, not as I infrequently do, you'll be required to do some mental heavy lifting to dismantle their arguments because they challenged you. No miscovers reviled because she's mean, malicious, devarbwire, fraught woman for a cabal of blovieter, is bully boys and blowhards, uh, Russia and Bob Hill are wildly Michael seven and too many others, or please regard themselves as the guardians of conservatives and soul. Conservatives and souls should sue for slander. But again, it plays in Piora and why not? It's loud, simple and stupid, not unlike the Jerry Springer show. The nation's political discourses never been as polite and de-correses we'd like to think. Abraham Lincoln's political foe, foe's called him a bad boon, Lyndon Johnson once said that zero foreplayed too much football without a helmet, which I think he had a good point. When however, even widows become for a game for, viporous herodane with an axe to grind and books to sell, maybe decent people should wonder where the lines we've crossed and the type of nation we've become in the process. His quote is written by the way, felt compelled to release his statement. It said in part, contrary to miscovers' statements that there was no joy in watching men that we love Bernal live. There was no happiness in telling our children that their fathers were never coming home again. In a better nation that would go without saying, send your buddy Leonard Pitch. Nice going Leonard, you go, man. I would say you go boy, but that would be like, Consuit is a racial thing and I don't want to do that. Now, if you're just getting a little something here, come on, I love something, something for George. He's got three votes out of 769. We got the thousand words, so I think we do the World Cup game in noon. Is that really on it noon? Yes, 155, I believe, to be outright. Any interest? Now, all confessed, I didn't watch like the last five minutes of the Netherlands, whoever they've played yesterday, some country that doesn't exist anymore. Mogadishu, whoever it was, Somalia, Adam. And see a goal, did you? No, one of them was, the goal was already scored early in the game, I guess. That was the only one. No, I got to see all those people in their orange, sure it's all those Dutch people, a sea of orange. And the one thing about when you watch soccer matches, whether it's the World Cup or any other soccer match, you hear in the stands, all through the game. The whole time, it just goes on, it's a steady almost like it's a recording. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. The crowd in units in a row. Oh, and they're not saying like, let's go Holland or let's go Germany or Dutch, like, do Barales, they're all just making that same sound. That's nobody. They're hands going on at those, those editors. I think that's what it is. I see. Well, I find it incredibly controversial and boring, and I came and began to tell you, oh my, well, those soccer who look in the zone. Yeah, well, good for them. It's a bunch of crap. At any rate, Tom Jick writes a 50 million word P on to Ricky Tickie, Sean, I scrolled Ricky. See, he's an important guy, Rick Shaw. When I get 30 years on the ear, my, we Tom Jickie doesn't write a word. You know, just 30 years on the ear doesn't, you don't get an written up in the newspaper for that. At least not by little Tommy, of course, play his favorites now. And because of the fact that I've outed him for writing nothing about besides pup pieces about TV shows, he's pissed off at me. So he won't write none about it. And that's fine. That's fine. But on the 20th anniversary, I spent on the 25th, I'm sure that's the end. Because I'm sure not going to make no 50 years in broadcast. In fact, what have I got now? For real, come close though. Hey, go for it. 40, I got 46 years in the business. That was since I was 17 years old. Okay. So that means I got two to go on this deal. So that's 48. So if I had a two year extension, I would be 50 years in the business. I would only do that if Tom Jickie promises to write along column about it. But that time, I'll probably get canned anyway. What do you think? I should extend two more years of time or write a column? Good luck to you. Not an estate, no. Not for these people. Get that pirate station. Thanks by the way, Clarence for the health and the studio. Thanks for the fact that the studio was discombobulated again because of a UN baseball. So I knew there had to be some reason that I wasn't getting the feed. What time was you on playing yesterday? Did they play a game yesterday? They said, eh, aha. Because it was that time that I stopped getting the feed. The program from there up here. And that's when you came in this morning, thought everything. Don't start lying like George does now and start pretending that everything was like all, you know, out of, sink and all the settings we're all screwed up. All right, well, let me lie then because it was real cleaning here. It was a nightmare as usual. You just can't do a terrorist because you just don't care because what do we have to do? I'm going to show it. That's it. You silly goose you and by the way, oh my god, Norma says he's a handsome young man. Seriously, I don't know what to say about that. I'm just stepping things in my backyard. That looked better and clear. What all do we speak, you know? That looked better than that. Tom's record writes, we danced with him. We cruise with him. We're smoked with him. I never cruise with him. They sound tracked to life and sell for the seemingly always included DJ Rick Shaw. Think it's a little bit too long to start. I'm going to go on and on. If you don't care about Rick Shaw, you better tune out. Rick Shaw. So he even had his own jingle on QAM. I'm sure he had a whole bunch of jingles. That's the only one I can find right now. Which I find a little bit bizarre. I got jingles for people I've been on the station in 100 years, and some who are never on the station. Where does that one for Ed Berliner? There's always. The Florida Marlins. Ed Cameron. Dave Lamont. The Florida Gators. W2AM. Pressbox. Sports radio weekend. On 560. W2AM. Good god. Oh yeah. They paid for those. They're really little hole in my head here. They paid for those, man. That's a package. Yeah. It's a package, alright. And that's where Rob Marciano's got. I think I saw him in Naples. And a gay bar. There's some person in there. And then of course there's things on her about how he used to be married. And now he's dating some hot chick who works at CNN. Whatever you want him to be. That's what he is, according to the fantasies of the maniacs on the internet. I'm telling you some of the stuff you find on there. It's mind-boggling. And it's scary. It's really scary. So if you wonder about those pedophiles that are like cruising for a little kids or on the internet, why should you be surprised at anything you find on there? Because that's one thing the internet has given the world. It has access to some of the most desperate. I have no life. Creatures on the crawling on the face of the globe. Okay, we'll get the Iraqi ticketing. What I'm sure we're going to have a lot of people calling it with tributes to Rickshaw during the show today. W2QA and Rickshaw line. Yeah, how come you don't throw a singing motorway thing? Why are you calling him today? What kind of a phony accent is this? What? I said, what kind of a phony accent is this? It's not phony accent at all. Where are you from? Where are you from? Where? Romania? Romania? Romania? Yeah, go back and you've developed big kiss words. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. you watching a postcard vote of carry nine people apparently say costs a post of point in me so we we have uh... strong hopes right now we're looking to find people alive and well in return to their families what kind of but were there are there one thirty three foot greaty way uh... it's i don't know like the exact uh... well model was played with a greaty way you mentioned i have a firm yeah let's talk about the conditions okay well there you're okay get her off my uh... screen this is unbossed makes me sick and we can't accept that set up call we had a man in the car first call you have the phone you voice uh... here's the answer the question because i don't want here's time jick is calm he says uh... this is how long rich shudden radio the station is work for since nineteen ninety five magic those itself as a golden oldy station but it's playless contains almost none of the songs popular the day shog at a first-of-a-radio they're too old shudders hung with the bevels along with the blue angels and i've sent me to business where some careers have the shelf life of the top forty single he all owes the two of the i didn't show up for work it'll be fifty years this Friday uh... got you old Rick it'll be fifty years credit at a high school senior named Jim Hummel he wouldn't become rich offer a few years locked into a small radio station east Saint Louis Illinois his English uh... teacher was a part-time DJ and Hummel had a teens natural curiosity about well-known on a radio station oh you don't want to know as luck would have at the guy who read the news in the show up you can read can't you as teacher asked a career was born the general manager impressed at how professionally the um... and handled himself offered a dollar an hour good money in those days to read the news after school shog became a DJ in almost the same way somebody called in sick the general manager asked if he wanted to fill in he didn't have to ask twice i knew going home that day that what was going i was going to do with my life shog said for while i seemed he would live the jiffsy life of so many in the profession rifting from market to market east and Louis by the Omaha then the Denver all within four years then jim hummel got back to my name became rick shaw you used to be a news to be like all these johnny darks and rick shaw's once a fun of time everybody had like some fake name in his business you know like oh god like that right but i mean seriously they were like package names there were everybody had some can drive name then there were like five hundred people were the same name rick shaw that's clever then jim will manage your of c-a then stw c-k-r the precursor today's w-i-d had that strange stage name in his mind for years but never found somebody thought was right for a tross said i introduced myself as jim hummel he said no you're not your rick shaw desperate to escape the cold of the Denver he left jim hummel behind when he came to my main rick shaw has been here ever since how come i didn't say what you're that was to say what you're was pretty weak story here uh... tom fucking my god three years later he jumped at w q-m-a-m-560 the hottest station in the market i remember those days rock was booming w q-m was the in station in charlie's main man you know he's the same main man dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot if and was around the nobody was listening to a charlie at one point the waiting service is credit him with a fifty four audience here many had more listeners than all the other stations in the market combine oh my god fifty four share my god we got people on the station only wish to get a two share especially two to four he was the person out of the kids listen to what they did their homework crews in the car's nid other things young people do he was hosting a reunion for the four-laterdale high school class of nineteen sixty five years ago when the long time fan pulled on the side on a hotel rooftop he told me i was the honorary godfather of his daughter shyness what he meant the proud father usher charter the edge of the roof and pointed away secluded spot on the beach below see if a stranger pulls you over to the edge of a roof probably good idea to start screaming for help see that palm tree the man said that's where my daughter was conceived you were playing good night my love and emotional not really why not emotional why mean to me are you excited you were the guy said that yeah oh boy they were doing it down there in a palm tree in rich show was under radio playing good night my love south for the good enough ishra on the sixties american band stand was a nice arrayed so wpho g channel 10 the abc affiliate money decided that need a local compliment shawest hat toasted the show became such a monster hit me i've been in that man's been wanted to do a second vision before school i told them we can't have kids in the studio dancing at seven o'clock in the morning he suggested an alternative that would put visuals with a hit tunes if we were playing little surfer girl we'd have cameras on the beach russ said we did that for five years we were mtv long before there was any mtv a stop a lot of shows programs also become a blizzard trip ready talent passing through town one of his finest memories is the day is dantio host of the umciner was playing a small club in south Miami the world hadn't heard a kneel diamond back then oh kneel diamond so i remember was a reason i didn't like rift kneel diamond over the year shawest met time at again a few times he always remembered the break shawd even if a major group came to town for a concert it was virtually a sure thing shawd beyond states in finnism especially because of time he did so for the monkeys because the opening act was an unherled and singer guitarist named jimmy handrics he didn't play the national anthem shawd said we did set his guitar on fire if a big concert didn't come to shawd he went to the concert after the Beatles broke every market at a dj who claimed to title the fifth beetle shaw is my amazing you got a lot closer to the fan for the many of the others the Beatles were coming to my meet for an at solven show at the do we'll hotel but unless you knew solvener somebody high up at cbs at local station there was no way we're going to get in trosset high ever the Beatles did have an open concert scheduled few days later in jacksonville shawd had a station run a contest for a charter plane ride in tickets to the show a chance to meet the band was included for a select few wringo star greeted trough the band's trailer with a cheeseburger to sand a cosset of a diamond initial ring shaw was wearing initial ring what's an initial ring you know like you know your initial rs yeah the s raise with a Beatles thing any he in shaw share the same initials well be damned wringo star rich shaw get it about that wow rickinson's rs by the way uh rickshaw rickwell he hates you and i'm sure the thing is mutual and i's going with he wanted to buy it for me shaw said i said no because it was a gift from my wife when it got back to town told us to round channel 10 he was busy to buy girls are wanted to kiss the ring which he still wears they wanted to kiss it i bet to bubble with a little of a prog to that not long after that fmx slow to put a m into a cliffs the turning point was when the government made automakers put fm car shaw said fm stations done really offer better sound they also promised more music and less talk it became a contest to see you could play the most song shaw said the age of personality radio was on its way up the opportunity for DJs to pick their own music well with it play list or not compiled by consultants and for the most part DJs instructed do nothing more than we sight the titles in the artists co-hosting magic morning drive show with dana they wish rs got a bit more leeway he still goes to promote gets a protein made magic children's funnest pet charity which helps me the youngsters the influences he still has among listeners was illustrated the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing in ninety five encourages fans that their children and grandchildren sent a company letter the youngsters who lost loved ones more than 44 thousand messages were sent rs said a bunch of young people became penthouse a kid from kendel finally met up in line of marrying a girl penthouse from Oklahoma City kind of sounds like that dating and maybe show i used to have years ago when he had all kinds of people get married from that show tom as heartening is things like this might be he still misses the impact he had during radio's golden oldies era i feel fortunate that i came along when i did show said a generation of software into a singing course of a man to that says time he should jica how do you like that neck quite a glowing thing huh it glows okay well you're not a rich rom-in what's wrong with you i think it's fine he's a good guy rich shot is a misunderstood and never he called it not too long ago he calls in all the time he loves this show he's uh... out of my anniversary see time jica didn't pay any attention my thirty-thamiversary back in the first and most of the rich shot called in that day and just paid all over my leg i'm still moist from the job that he did that's what a great guy here's our buddy rich shot misunderstood just like me misunderstood a lot of people think about basterd and said we're like that it's like Rick it's like requirely thought he was an you would a problem rally not the rich shot you would a problem i've actually such probably changes mind about rich shot two eight hundred and forty two most already can you believe it we have only got a thousand like man we got to be for the soccer game starts is a good thing we got early start yeah well you know what's that soccer game starts and then of course there's always that let's see we got thirty two to four to the agarities that talk about nothing but that even a courtesy of the job it's just you know it's just goes with the territory mad dog for the assembly of the keys going to be talking about and we got to you and baseball game i still have anything on that who are they playing where they play and they're playing in Mississippi with a vanjeu underneath that's right who'd have a one a play there and then it he can follow to him baseball to the even bothersome me a revised schedule that's that's that's the kind of effective job that normal kid do we got most of our copy is older than mothus's grandfather and we still got the same old tired you know well during the break i'll go last that handsome young man you don't go anywhere near him if you're smart if you play your cards right you want to receive him again we what's it is a make-o-dor plan or play in somebody there playing some ballgame okay we don't care about hurry hurry kins right by the way Tommy has joined us in the room now so now come you don't need to be there here though i'm here why is that because Josh asked me to be Josh court essentially to be there no no Josh parents get the names right now sorry sorry well when did he do that uh like five minutes ago came in yeah that when i said on the year that we don't have a third person there listen if you got other stuff to do well we appreciate we always enjoy having you around thank you good for a few last not too many but uh you know he got stuff that don't feel like you've had to be in there we can get five with two that's what turns is trying to prove anyway but now he's trying to act like responsive because i just made the joke on the air bug to we have this to be in but we don't even know who now our hurricanes are playing the night you know this is what yeah this is sippy what old miss whatever how uh who told you that i know i watched a little bit of the game yesterday what time what's our jam the third game in the series what time was that on um i snipe last night yeah i thought the heat game was on last night getting pounded by the mavericks it was yeah mine i forgot what time okay we believe you 1043 so it's up to you time if you want to be in there probably got some food coming or whatever and the mom cook special etc and so on you know care just talk parents to bug off pick a many ass and i go anywhere near the face same difference you know sometimes it's the things you can't see that really are bad for you and south foot of her 28 years dry concepts is the best what it comes to driving your carpets and making look just like brand new i've used in for her 21 long years my homes i wouldn't dream of calling anybody else and don't forget when you drag clean your carpets with rock concepts you really can't clean today and entertain the night such as advertising slogan your carpets stay clean or longer there's no sticky residue left behind and that means they last longer too and with over 50 thousand satisfied customers you know i got a lot of company folks in south Florida who know where who to call and don't forget the drag concepts are ultimately experts in water damage restoration which is good to keep in mind during hurricane season we've already got what's in it at storm our troll what is it well but no no not will my like i said go back in at room there you idiot Jesus what a moron certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days and drag concepts get a drag concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 art to roll art to roll but you get with it will my ass and drag concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours guarantee to top it all off the rye concepts is a state of the art or you're a marketing plant the only one in south Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area rugs looking brand new so do yourself a big favor in called rye concepts today tool free you won't be sorry i guarantee event about your time is life on it call 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 right on the wicked web log out of the website rye concepts dot com this is new rye 1049 at five sixty w q on the Curtis Davidson shakshill 24 to sacked a noon five six six the baseball game is at six thirty why we have to get all you know technical about who cares your managed four to seven it roughly the six fifty by some stupid as you and about almost baseball game with yours again he's gonna be listening that you're gonna be busy on TV yeah what is on TV well who else is gonna be listening that five six seven oh five sixty come on let's find out let's get calls today only from people i don't care about the he according to that polly he get a lot of calls that that's correct not that like because it's the station no because we're like intensive and that's all they talk about i mean on and on i got check coming out of my ears and other places in fact i woke up this morning it was next to me in bed what's that not check the icy sleeve the icy hot sleeve was there on my pillow this looks like an icy hot sleeve wasn't about Marcie and about ten of that well you queens out there many you guys are just so sad i'm sure that's great guy do the same thing all of the units you know when you think i would think yeah probably ueling about them hot chicks like a reed of cosbee now where do you find uh was this like CNN i just googled i just googled about Marcie and i was curious to see a couple of things about him like he graduated from Cornell and meteorology and said it was on and i would interest me see how old he was and more hell back right and all of a sudden i've no well i mean there were some was switch full thinkers out there who i said then like that crap about seeing him at a gave our enables florida just the i just hallucinating you know after you have enough beers in any bar and like you should know it like you can assume that you're meeting anybody there you know might be a man colder for all you know but at any rate then there's all these other things about how he was once mirried and uh now he's got some hot chick girl friends at CNN all these people are just absolutely i have no right desperate you know just to grab on to anybody and i've never gonna meet him they're never gonna do him a certainly never gonna see him naked uh or any of the other people that folks over the bottom of the internet but it's just all a fantasy life you're afraid about fantasy baseball all the internet basically for millions and millions of people around the world is fantasy life it's a vicarious existence for people that all have one keeps him up the streets i guess well keep us them off that day line show on well i'm actually gets a good man at show so when it starts w q a m hello hey Neil yes sir barking with stupid we don't okay w q a m hello starting off like pretending to be human today w q a m hello what yes sir hi um yeah sounds like your voice yeah you did that your twin what do you got for us man what do you got uh i just want to make a comment on the heat yeah um i just wanted to say that David's certainly a four minutes we're gonna win i would want to introduce and we're not interested about about the playoff format look with a David's turn or Howard's turn or uh the newspaper's turn we don't care about that told these turns to call about the he's so look out yeah that's all i did to his mention i even write away a David's turn's tie off i see now ready to make an excuse because they're getting their asking me down to games and under the line of probably losing four we're not looking for a excuse makers wait till two o'clock you're gonna have hours and hours of that okay this isn't a sports show and it's certainly not a heat show okay you jackass you more on mine and radio unfortunately yes god there's a typical soft photo phony man phony is a eighty six dollar bill eighty six his ass w q m heat line oh caz no was rooting seventy q a m hello yes sir oh my god we uh oh hey jambocloan that's the first of those you better practice on that that's pretty weak uh and let me just say this you know if we had like bob and time on in the morning yeah pollen rhino be back to like two shares again the very reason again big numbers in there is because there is on you know satellite now see when i have no competition they do incredibly well oh look at there's that uh her keen warning issued for the florida coast just in but it would that is still the tropical source of the or they're like they begin to run the down and move up especially in the upper right there on a has got that guys really pissed off it's you have the most right ask on it against it right here that the hurricane center as they put their uh yeah not of course if they got a hurricane warning out there you know who's gonna be standing naked on the beach up there probably in gain and uh not gains drill off uh like Panama City through the marsielan or rocky marsielan oh WQAM hello yes sir he line hey I'm doing alright i'm doing hey you what the supine man no i don't watch the supine was man WQAM hello hi to ask the movie Hitler WQAM hello I can't see my doctor WQAM hello yes sir I come nobody's talking about UM baseball they have a chance to go to the world but nobody cares about it that's why i did the game for six years nobody cares about it it's got a bunch of losers in the gables who have no life well what is this a sports or all of a sudden i think parents set up these calls it's time he's still in there yeah why you have to be there just because he told you to go in there he's trying to make up for way did last time he was to have everybody wants to uh hang out in here get out of here but wants to hang out to do what the foot what huh it's the footer when you get the laughing here have a good some yeah you get to laugh all right when you're talking about hurricane Wilma Jesus god goes to show you kids out there all your kids that are off for summer off he knew enough drugs you went up like Tommy just a few months behind it is a hurricane though now that i have a name to get i guess it'll still be our tour right is that how it works if it's proper for a storm our tour becomes a hurricane our virtual Alberta what i will have brutal VO 5 it's the attorney general named it after he blows i don't know and i don't care i'm that's another good reason not to be there we don't have any hurricanes in Toronto we don't even have tropical storms how do you like that in fact it's the most recently sunny is gonna be like 70 uh some of the day 72 or three beautiful perfect so many reasons not to be there and clearance is many of them wqa m hello uh it's not a sport you know it's dating it's dating shows that the question the full topic today yeah okay and my question is you're talking about dating who are you dating you never did never touch on that who am i dating yes i was waiting a book no buddy are you another guy would know life who am i dating date is smart date this who am i dating how pathetic maybe he's magic he's one of those bloggers yeah now that's right here i'm put some rumors on the internet so camp dating uh rob marsiel maybe he's looking yeah oh geez i'm updating parents okay he's real uh hands according to normal can't this is what i get out of that meeting they had on my friend that's what i get oh and by the way jump gonna be sending you a letter i know you're gonna ignore it i'm gonna send you a letter i'm putting you on notice oh my god what a surrounded by quizlings man drowning in a sea of quid or you dating me or anybody i can how's that schmuck let's see 887 votes not too shabby if you ask me the woman i despise the most in anchor still got one more than half 467 52.6% hate that slut who she dating i wonder huh how about this fudge kind of these are 120 hello 81 over a 56 i hate this pool 45 my xy 45 nancy grace 30 how many nancy got about thirty man we did cause me 12 we still got crossbion that's okay leave an error they don't know fill a shoe fly 12 my mother-law 12 and joist is making the little joist has oh show this is a meal Roger this is your choice this is five sixty two eight this is the meal Roger show this is a blame any questions some stations give you cost some stations give you participation is going to give you the best gift of all because this is going to give you peace of mind there's a dollar when you hear the sound and we give you a lot of me that's right we will remove a part of your brain responsible for coherent thought no more fear no more problem just stay after they have peace of living in a semi-bechid state you'll be surrounded by people who will close you think you would record your every bubble move and your days playing with it's a favorite rightly colored lie what before our peace of all because you've had all of all this station is not viable for botched lobotomies that leave winners really stupid instead of peaceful but we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenient store on the night shift in the best lose your mind literally people is being the way of the jackass 10 miles they jumped a little bit on their on CNN so hurricane warning has been issued but right away on hurricane Alberto it's uh seventy miles and I was still got five miles an hour to go to until a while wife to tell a has the off the map and addition which is a good anything to with south Florida now not really not this one this is just the beginning keep in mind it's only the 12th of June yeah don't remind me and it looks like this is already going to be the very first hurricane of the season perhaps any minute ninety second just keep that in mind anyway here's a fact this is if the poll of the most despised woman is open for suggestions yes it is Barbara birthday said she has to string of evil babies grew up under her two lids to become evil adults passes all them under her two lids you know who used to be nervous about people's two lids don't don't don't don't go yeah that one I don't like to look at that two lids remember that one bit put on my favorite I'm sure you do mr. Howard I mean mr. Mr. mole Barbara bush let's get her ass on here and then here's one frauds he is john and Columbia john yeah I know you spent too much time in south Carolina he's got the view crew yeah question is the woman I despise most not which group of women or you know what panel of women or get a lot of good loss john Jesus God hurricane warning issued for the afloat of coast in the east coast to buy the northwest coast walk the river and then from long boat down to Inglewood this part right here being up here that's actually where the hurricane warning we want Rob Marciano get this ugly Chad Myers off my screen I'll see he's doing a stuff on the inside it's a Rob out there naked on the beach is probably on his way to Panama City right now oh speaking of uh yeah that Frank rich no relation to the lake fat rich in the New York Times says how his fan is speaking the new gaze I don't want to read too many stories heard Tommy a run out roover and a play in the tape in there with turrets and the boys robber anyway he writes he never promised then the rose garden but that's where America's self-appointed defenders of family vatters had expected President Bush to take his latest ad against same sex marriage last week in the end without explanation the event was shut it off a non-descript auditorium in the executive office building where the president spoke for a scant ten minutes at the non-prime time hour 145 p.m. the subtext was clear it was embarrassed to be there a constitutional amendment protecting marriage was a loser and he feared being branded a bigot as this debate goes forward every American deserves to be treated with tolerance and respect and dignity mr. Bush said in other words even if they're gay the debate died on the floor of the senate less than 48 hours later when the member was went down or even worse to feed than expected watching an instantly codified the moral a desperate president rock bottom in the polls went through the motions of a cynical and transparent charade surrounding his base in an election year nothing was gained even the president of the family policy network granted mr. Bush's pandering a ruse and no harm was done except again people that's why the president went out of his way to talk about tolerance at his rally bizarrely held on the widely marked 25th anniversary of the first mention of an AIDS diagnosis in a federated port mr. Bush knew very well that his participation in this entire political stunt while certain have no effect on the constitution could harm innocent Americans when young people here repeatedly that gay couples aspiring to my little commitment are undermining the moral fabric of a country that stuff doesn't wash off said madformin of the national gay lesbian task force most concretely the Washington ruckus trickles down into sweeping assaults on gay partners employed benefits and parental rights at the state level as exemplified by a broadly word to refer into by the virginic bal law a fall out long any kind of civil union had most of Bush really believed that his words had no consequences it would have spoken in broad daylight at the white house without any defensive touchy feeling bromides about tolerance mr. Bush prides himself on being tolerant and as hundreds of photos himself posing with black school kids just to prove it but his latest marriage maneuvered yet other example of house presidency has been an ableer of bigots and not just those of the pro family breed the stars of an alignment for a new national orgy of ranker because americans are angry the government is filled with alleviate gas prices the economic anxieties of globalization or turmoil and a rack two thirds of americans believe their countries on the wrong track the historical response to that flight is a which hunt for scapegoats and whom we can project our rage and impotence gay people are traditionally handy for that rule are they surefire scapegoats they once were support for a constitutional marriage amendment ABC news found fell the 42% just before the civil court hence the rise of a juicer target his fanics they are the new gaze the foremost political pinniat and the election year of 2006 as has not been the case with gay civil rights mr. Bush is taken a humane view of immigration reform throughout his political career some of this is self-interest he wants to cater his business backers hunger for cheap labor and car robes hunger for his panic voters the mr. Bush is always celebrated promoted immigrants and never demonized them at least in Texas in the white house he saw line immigration after nine eleven and back to away from a guest worker when his party bought in 2004 after bragging about his political capital upon reelection he squatted it on a rack and a quick side of campaign to privatize social security now Congress is acted without him turning immigration reform into a deadlock culture war not unlike the marriage amendment a draconian federal laws unlikely but the damage has been done the ugly debate has in itself generated a backlash against a vulnerable minority so all you Julio's out there you the new uh gay community a gay community his fan of community the black community the uh not head community that's what we got on q a m they're not head community the sports nerd community what do you think okay that's our crowd the sports nerd community we got nine hundred and twenty five horse mister we're gonna be damn here that thousand by noon by noon good at on a moon day i got a bulletin here from Tommy from uh parents it says we get a thousand most by new we can bail out that put that then soccer game on what do you say you i said it's actually public uh it goes on for like hours uh that same i don't know what they're chanting i don't want to fall upon i think they're all stones what did they then the right break out and then after depending on who wins and who loses the right breaks out after we're right just like an admin to their just you know those oiler fans man i thought they were like civilized out there in alberta all them redneck cowboys up there in alberta camada but every time we were listening again which isn't too often these uh last lately but they want to get a nine and we're more far-violence in vandalism in a streets of Edmonton man i guess they got to have some to do five six seven what are we gonna do about that's our question today what are we gonna do about the heat and how about those you m hurricanes man and that college world serious how i don't understand that's that the college world series be over by now so we're in the truss of june i'm not very maybe a little bit off but it seems to me back in those days when i was doing those games a hundred years ago by now they already we plan to college world serious well that was a hundred years ago that was a long time ago man well i have days i celebrate my eighty-three in the radio biz wait till time jica right said big column about neorodius hundred years in radio oh time he is gonna be a big one and the article two w q a m hello hey i come so exciting w q a m hello now they june is in the context of it's w q a m hello you know i don't care about what cop does uh the heat uh even who you're dating i just go through the day with my magical underpants on no that's good okay good that will save you it's probably one of our moron i mean more and listeners he's got his magic of underwear on five six seven oh five sixty to keep the get these phones blazing man once it's seven minutes later okay it's up and it realized we're taking these good calls you'll see i want to take a lot of calls this week no George George on vacation this week so feel free to call rippman s five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line w q a m hello i'm George i'm in my field whatever home for neor bigger pardon i'm on a mobile i'm home for neorodgers yeah this is a schmuckhead again so yeah idiot five six seven oh five sixty like like we wouldn't know that voice omitted miles away oh my god maybe time so that's your time it was some hipman you know anybody in the business should do well maybe we could take care of his ass done reverend yones next time i started my moped and we real careful about was you okay reverend schmuck w q a m hello yes sir are you doing today all right oh he listen you know they're most on around he's doing i don't know if he's putting told you what they're listening to another rat station and he has to move and they're the rat another rock station there's several well i know there are but i could swear i've heard no doing a commercial for a sick off yes he looks agree oh you guys know about that i'll tell me those about time it was about all in commercial yeah yeah okay i guess you still a tower you don't know i i mean you don't know and i could cure less i mean if that's the kind of thing that i had to worry about i would blow my brains out right now on a year if i had if i had that much time in my life to be worried about do do do do do do do do i knew you ever get there so there's my suggestion for you to see that holy loaded worst like a charm every time rush you would let would off the blank chambers without mirror in chambers is that greater one huh do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you know you can't go out there yes sir i was wondering what happened in the cross over i beg your pardon is another contract call there was more than that that this morning with that two and then you weren't on a hundred and you were doing it anymore you stopped it yes that's that's a good idea when you want to why did you have to eat a i'll give you an honest answer if this is like a legitimate call which i know because of first of all the cross over was all on my time i can understand it the cross over was uh i can wait you know eight or nine minutes till ten and we carried over a few minutes into my show but the cross over always wound up being only on my time that's number one plus number two hank is basically a part time employee he's you know he's got the first to find his uh he doesn't basically whenever he doesn't have a plan to catch a reason doing the wrong man or the pre-chist and it's just more inconsistent program we don't like that why i have a lot of it if i can finish i want to go back our days when this show is from ten a m the two p.m. period right well i was just gonna say instead of it going away one hundred percent of the time maybe when you guys really have something you want to say to each other in front of the audience you know i'd be nice no i'd never be late that was kind of contrived yeah and it's we're done okay okay no it's that thanks guy okay no problem okay wow what i what i really meant to say to that guy was i'll find it okay that's it wow man like all of a sudden this is a big deal whatever you're just not doing it no more you know every every time you turn around well uh we're not gonna be doing it hey hank's got to well do something for ESPN and that's fine i realize it's just like a you know a smaller segment of hank's deal he's a big guy i saw him on the bell month i mean a big guy in the industry and he's got other stuff to do so fine but it obviously wasn't helping him and it's already doing nothing for us so what's the point of doing it's bad programming especially when it's inconsistent just like our two to four just like this current regime with our idea well we got a plan and maybe one of these days we might implement it when we can uh uh uh wow hmm i should would like to like i told you this before we'll have to be in a fly on a wall for green i meaning when you're my camp was uglienic and boobly eyes with the clearance and probably terraces making uglienic back that's uglienic love of thirteen and five sixty w q m the summer season is here baby effect we got our first hurricane maybe thank goodness not in south for i mean you know those those go up there in the Japan handle the hell of them but anyway it means it must be close to fathers and guess what it is it's coming up this Sunday junior team we all know what dad's like to do under big day when they're through to one after like to eat two it's time to call uh the melting pot make your reservation for fathers day and give dad a really fantastic treat the melody pot is a fantastic fun do restaurant addition to their famous cheese and chocolates they serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours hardy on trays from center castellay m in yonder black and shrimp teriyaki sirloin pork lobster more in fact the pot was just a run friday and you guys had a regular feast yes we did take it from me nobody what else out of that place hungry the melting pot will really fill up that big time they have an award-winning mindless to top it all off and don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts they are beyond sex that's how good they are care to put a big smile on that's post so make that call today invite to dip into something really different at the melty pot restaurant near you a full four course fun do gift for dad from you and don't forget to tell that meal center when you make those reservations at the melting pot in kindle kupar city the worth mommy beat bokeh four-laterdale and first ages aavour a I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, so I'm both a fan, So yazookin' off the Day' their rep Oh Marange Think they call by number How come no one's chasing Which where are my faces So get it dodged Yesterday Yesterday You deserve it. Put it here for a lot of the final 60. What do you see is flying a lot of the new before you know it's time for that soccer match. I'm not going to be able to be doing a show on the soccer zone. You asked playing USA. That make all I'm growing noises in a background like that. You know something if you're watching soccer, I can understand people making growing noises. You know, the guy kicks the ball and the goalie picks it up and he heves it about 50 yards down the field. And then they patched you around it midfield back and forth and back and forth. They just say, I don't get it. He holds it. He holds it. Oh yeah. And if we in the meantime, the clock is running. Keep in mind. Like in that Netherlands came against the country that has been invented yesterday. And they like a minute and a half ago. And so at a goal, it gets all of the ball and he sits it down. We're just going to kick it from and he kind takes his time. The clock is going on a ticking ticking day like, you know, it's just idiot. The whole thing is stupid, you know, and you want most of it. Nothing worth to being stupid. Nobody said something like that. Kind of like our management. You know, we are we're not like losing audience. We're like hemorrhaging audience. Hemorrhaging ratings, hemorrhaging everything. And their response is like, but it be terrible. But of course, thank God it turns one god Tommy in there for us today. That's right. That's right. You're doing it baby. You are doing it baby. Is it vitality? And that would be what you would say? Yes. I think big vitality waste is time with parents. Although he is a very handsome young man. I bet you we got a well over nine her votes right now. I'm thinking on the poll. 9, 6, 6. We are going to make the thousand by noon. Then you'll see the kind of letter that they're going to get. And it's not going to be from Norma. Can't even it's going to be from me. It's not going to be a letter. It's going to be a telegram. Even the box tops never said a letter like this. I bet you don't even know what that is. Do you do it? The box tops in the letter? No, I don't. I bet you Tommy remembers that song. Well, this is a member of it. You know that song? Which song? The letter by the box tops. No, sorry. I can't say that. Tommy useless as boobs are a hog. How do you know they useless? Well, I mean you can find some useful. The Supreme Court ruled unanimously today. The nation's death row in May is can file last minute challenges to lethal injection after they've exhausted their regular appeals. The courts ruling in the case of Florida death row in May, parents, he leaves unanswered and high-ever. The broader questions about the chemicals used in lethal injections around the country. And whether they cause excruciating pain. Oh, gosh. I know how to solve all of this. You know how to do it? How's that? And I'm not joking about this either. Remember Gary Gilmore and Utah probably not. No, I don't. How about Doug Gilmore and Toronto? Do you know anything about anybody? No. And that way that. But Josh goes ahead and he puts stars, Joe and Barbara Walters on the pool. Yeah, I did write that a ball on. Right after I would do people that I've written an an- I'm going to ask that Jack has to stop here. Lining you going, oh, I see. Okay, they don't have any votes. Come down. What's that was I just saying it was much more important than that? You were saying how smart I am than how much I know. No, just before that. Oh, but Death Row I was going to solve the problem of executions. Okay. There you go. I'm not joking. What are you saying? Fire ensquad man. Instant painless. Not cruel. Run usual. What? No painless it is. But line them up. Well, they can sedate you. I mean, you know, they can do whatever they want about that. But it's instant. How much pain would you rather go by a bullet through the head or would you rather have that needle, lethal injection? Certainly not the electric chair. Old sparky. Not only any of that. You know, again, the guy's hair is fine. I only have to shave your head anyway. Free haircut. Fire ensquad man. That's the way to go instant. I mean, he got a whole bunch of guys with you. It's not like one guy maybe has bad aim. No, but he'll throw only one guy with a bullet. The rest of them have blanks. I think that's how it works. Nobody knows who to be. A killing. Yeah. So they have to have a guilty conscience. Why would you have a guilty conscience? Because obviously, who maybe you find out that guy didn't really do it. You know? And then like a couple years later, oh my god, the real murderer came forward in this guy. We executed an envelope. I was going to pull the trigger. Well, at least it was practice for the next one. Anyone. I mean, if you're going to have a death penalty at all, of course, there are a lot of people around the world that think it's inhumane, etc. How about beheadings like our good friends. The Saudis do, you know? I still say all that crap about the elves or cow, you know. He'd beheaded Nicholas Burg, he was barbed in. Well, yeah. So how about all these other countries like Saudi Arabia? And I say, oh, there aren't that many of them. Just their good friends like the Saudis, the right kids, that are raping us for the gas. 972 votes, man, or something really exciting going on today. Why don't we get like 400 calls about that crossover 10 o'clock? I'm just not doing it anymore. That's all. Yeah, what happened with that? You want your answer? There you go. God, like we owe them an explanation. That's the way it is, okay? It's done. It ain't happening no more and ain't doing anybody any good. And just kills an awful lot of time on his show. We already had a lot of time killed on his show, or a back-back. And the decision which Hank belongs on in the afternoon anyways, as long as we're likely in the right out there for it, he should be back on in the afternoon. That's where he belongs. Which goes back to the pool we had on Friday. They broke the radio station into a million different pieces, Greg did that, and now we got these four shlumpers come along, and they're trying to face the pieces back together again. Would no success. Let me say again, where a hammering audience on this station. Hammering. You know what that means? No, not Dick Perton. 26 past 11 and five, 60 and about how's Mara Rob Marcy and her don't he? He got his clothes off yet for the beach. Well, I would say all the fags are all excited now man. All we can look, we're going to be seeing Rob Marcy and her once has come out of your ears. He's one of those guys. Say I'd like to see him in person. You ever see people on television that sometimes they look really good and sometimes from a different angle they look like. Maybe not so good. And then it's kind of like when you see somebody in a shopping mall, like maybe 100 yards away and you think, wow, you know. And then as you get closer and closer, oh my god, what was I thinking about? And then you start just peaking your guts out. Yeah, good from far but far. Right, right. You see that. Well, that's what I'm thinking about Marcy and her. Because you see him on her and there are times he looks really great. And there are the times it looks like, I don't know, Rob. I better put a few entries on there in that chat room. Well, if you could read some of the stuff on there, I guarantee you wouldn't laugh you would cry. I'm not joking about that. Believe me, you would literally cry. Listen, I'm no stranger to the internet. I've seen some of these psychos. Oh my god. And I just found that by accident. I just, I just, I just, I did with Google Rob Marcy and I clicked a couple of things. I got the biography there from CNN, which didn't tell me anything. Yeah, you don't have to look at where it. You'll find it. That's what you think. 27 passed 11 at 5, 60 WQM with lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust, speaking of the internet. Call today and get you the best offer the year. At Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 24.95 a month for your first six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8-meg premium speed tier free. With it always on connections speed about to 8-megabits per second. Comcast High Speed Internet is up to five times faster than the SL15 and up to 100 times faster than dialogue. With your downloading music watching streaming video, plan online games, or just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'd be flying through the internet. Plus, when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast Radio, a rap city radio, plus and up to seven personally email accounts to name a few. Not only that, but to give free macapre security tools included. So you can rest assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. And any will savings of over 100 bucks for the security alone. So what you'll be waiting for, start doing more faster than ever before, set up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months. In Dave Call 305 Comcast and in... Wow! 9-5-4 Comcast Call today for the tail, certain restrictions apply. This is a meal lottery. Oh, this is 5-60-2-8-2. For the 2,026 fall season, don't miss my name is Suri. 20 years ago, my dad, Tom Cruise, speaks out a lot of people. I've got a list and I'm counting around the country to make up for it. Yes? Oh, hey, Obrough. Hey, remember when my dad ruined your town to find something on it? Well, I'm here to real folks here. Girlfriend, who's your dad? Tom Cruise? Who? Anyway, I better get to work. I've got a 230 appointment to beg forgiveness from Brookshelves. Having a crazy Hollywood dad means Suri since sorry a lot on my name. My name is Suri. I can't change the video on the past. I like your project because of my duty. Mission, powerful set. Mission, powerful set. Mission, powerful set. The E in her scienceology E-Memies stands for Embarrassment. Usually gone, my name is Suri. Oh, come in, take my home to feed. 70, and 80. It's 233.7 under the QA. And there's that hyperbent lady Chad Myers. We'll keep you up to date if those warnings do get issued by the hurricane set. Or by the National Weather Service offices. Looks like they're going to blow Tampa right off the face of the globe, isn't it? Cool. Wow. Why haven't a Josh? Oh, I'm coming to you left. Wouldn't surprise me? We got to tell him when he heard the artist morning. We got 20 more minutes of that soccer game. Let me just tell you this, okay. And I don't want to have it long, song and advance about this. But since these people obviously have no life and have nothing to say, Well, let's just start with that cross. You know, it's the first time we didn't do it. My design, at least on my part. And right away, there's the call. The first one was Sponey. But the last guy may have actually been new. I don't know. That's right. They need that cross over. But the fact that it matter is it was never hand side the end. Or was it my idea? You know who's idea was? That hand to me on man. Oh, is that right? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, yeah. Clarence. That was his idea. Oh, yeah. We really want you to do this. And it's really going to help anybody. Because it's all on my time anyway. You moron. You idiot, Clarence. You simple then. You hand to me on simple then. God wouldn't idiot. So it's a, it was just another, you know, another brain fart by somebody. All look at persons and candy out of you. I think he's getting all wet. Good. He's got to like you're on. Okay. Wait to rob Marcianos out there and get said, sure, it all's so thing. It's all wet. Oh, my God. Those queens are going to be going crazy. Oh, I'm lying. Where you can place a bed on just about anything. Next a friend. Here's my. There's 1803. Maybe it should come as no surprise to learn. You can now bet on the potential of killer storms. All right. Let's so let's put a couple of thumb. And you say it. It is pathetic. It's for it's for degenerate. I told him. I once had an alcohol, a true story. Mugsie saw him and he was a bookie. And he had such a gambling disease that if they were like two. I used to say there are two trees, two leaves falling from a tree. He would bet you which one would hit the ground first. Now do we, you know, Hank himself, you know, Gamble on everything. Everything moves. And he will want things that don't move. Yeah. Well, you ask him. I don't know. Ask him when you do your cross over with him. Okay. When you do your cross dress with a Humper. Okay. I don't know. I would assume so because people who are like degenerate, Gamble, I don't know. Gamble on anything. Any K.O. giving you over and under. That's right. The over is the under is the ends in the outs. Oh, I told you one thing. It's a little more interesting than here about five to twenty four hours a day. My god. But I like it as these. It's like an illness. I'm in station. And I'm sure the other one across the street. No different. I'm sure they're doing the same crap. Sure, you have burdened there. 992 votes. We're going to be well. There's that wheel of fortune. My sheen mind. It's self-force. What was that? That sheen is limited primarily to slots. Gamble or said, why not? I have to get the media to run into by getting good gal. But there's a piece of your favorite boy. Oh, my god. What a, what a, what a, oh, of course. If he looked like that. What you got to lose. 992 votes. Are you looking at that or not? Don't do it. You'll lose your appetite. I just turned it off. Turn it off. You're not a slot machine. Are you on CNN? You weren't on CNN? I'm on it. Oh, you didn't see the, I saw the slot machines. I just got through saying we'll afford you there. And you're, you're just, you're on another planet today, man. You're another world. You're, I'm on the earth and you're on Uranus. That's all I can say. The woman I despise the most is we got nine, nine, I bet you have, I, I, I, I, I, I, We've pressured a couple of more times. Love a thousand already. And then we can all leave. 996. Hmm. And Cobra. 526. 522.8% they hate her like poison. We should shoot. Wish she would die a grotesque horrendous death. Kind of leaves a 1 28 that bitch. Swillery 97. The ice princess. Frigid Dijk. Oprah 64. My, swi 50. I hit this pool 45. Nancy Grace 32, friend. My mother lost 14. We took on me 13. Joyce 12. She's right on with his ass. Told you. Fill a shoe fly 10. 12. Star Jones. Two Barbara Bush. I'm so glad you put her on there. No, I think it's a good point. She belongs on her. If she does. One thing you can't complain about her talent though. She don't have any. Think we got that thousand yet. And you look at the timing of this too. 997. The timing is great because we're going to get to 1000 before 1000 right now. One more. I think we got 1000. It's not even an accorded union. There's no. There's no. The fact that we've had a lot of these stores. So people are that are. And we'll find out. We'll find out in places. I ran this. If anchors are in pit. Then look at Jeff Bush. How do you like that? That's how nauseating he may is to me. That's our whole leader. Oh my god. Tropical store. That's our whole leader. Oh my god. Tropical store. Yeah. We have a store. There are communities and had significant flooding. But he's probably got devious tans that I've heard that hurricane. If it becomes hurricane. He's going to dieverted to some of the Mexico. 70 miles an hour. I'm not sure how much that changes. Isn't there's a new. He's in Colombia. She can Mexican or Colombian. Colombia. I think she's Mexican. Yeah. Because his kid that George P. That's he's a beaner. Counties to make sure that they have the resources that they need. And we'll be prepared to provide assistance. Yeah. That's a good functional family that your Fed S governor's got. Your family values governor. That's got all these. All these nose problems and the drinking problem. Yeah. Like I said, Colombia. Colombia. And then where she's from? Well, I said that to the cocaine team. Awesome. Maybe a Google Columbo boy. He's Mexican man. And a good family. Can't know it's not going to. I ain't this old. I got a lot of names. I'm from shopping in France. Who is your mommy away? I know it. Yeah. I know there's something there. I didn't want to play. What? What do you like about it? I dumped it. It's a verb man. The verb. You can't use it as a verb. You can't say anything now. 18 trillion dollar fine Josh. Josh. Cortis what it on the air. I dumped it. Okay. No. It's not okay. I'm just advising you man. I'm just advising you. Just keep in mind. When it does dump it out. I don't think one of these new repressive regulations we got now. 5 6 7 0 5 60 are topic today. Who is the weatherman dating? That's her topic. WQAM hello. Meal. Yes sir. Hey. I got a quick question. It's clear it's the same clearance that works on the bandages show. Yeah. He works on bandages show and he's thinking of Curtis. Oh that's Curtis. Okay. That. No. No. Okay sir. Then we don't know. Curtis is a somewhat less handsome young man. WQAM hello. Yeah. I do make my vote for my mother in law. Consider that she tried to fit twice me one day. Really? Yeah. I was very loving and touching. So if you put me down for my mother in law. Okay. Said something about. What do you say fist one? Fisting. What would you do if I just sat here and didn't stand like? What do you ever think about then? What would you do? I don't know. Yeah. Just. Just keep laughing. Well what did you do? Send me. He sent me in there to sabotage the show today. That's yeah. That's his goal. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. We are kicking some big fat smelly old Jewish ass. I'll take it that. Probably mine. Good. Well, once the last time we did this early in the show. I don't know. Maybe. But a while. In quite a while, man. I think was back when we said should alien come back and let the abuela check it out. I think that was the day we done it. Got a mully emotional. Where's Rob Marciano, dammit? We don't want to see that fat ass governor. You're learning more and more. Oh yeah. Well you can fool me. Hey, if you're a cigar smoking, you must take it back with a good premium in the story. And but he is cigars by Tony. And he's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. And he's a good man. He's a good man. you call. Just mention my name. I'm at all meal Rogers, totally to call and you'll save up to 40% call 1-800-35 but here that's 1-800-35 VA-H-I-A. This is meal Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8. For let's gonna give everyoli ofasters a eagle 1064E. It's back, Harry Loth, with a great singing voice, taking it with even more six stars. The Magdard does them all. Baby, it's a rag, a little girl. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! It's an all-new British invasion, with a Magdard singing like a man. I like the Magdard. I like the Magdard. Oh, yeah! I drew this finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. I can't even love them, can they've been loved? Oh, yeah! If you want to love the land, I can't make this sound for sight. And now your head's in sight, you always have been sighted on me on that day. Oh, yeah! Here's the bad dog's enderm, touching tripples to the king. There you are, who is this? Oh, yeah! It's all right! You said I'd rather live you away than you. The Magdard was just a little endivallant, but we asked him if he wanted to do it again. No, I don't think so. So we had look at Ratsy being a little bit, and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on their contract. That's kind of a fitch, you stupid. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right, it's safe. As far as we can do, available now. If you want quickly, oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right, old man! I'm so proud of him! I'm so proud of him! What do you want to try to tell us? Oh, right. Probably it's a little old man. That soccer game is only seconds away. Aren't you excited about that? Not really. Yeah, you are. I'm going to find out, I got it in HD as a matter of fact. Is that what I was with my soccer channel? Does that mean you're going to watch it then? No. Why not what I want to say? I'm gonna watch that crap. Anyway, here's the skinny and Alberto, okay? Because you guys are going to get wallet. Not with a hurricane, but heavy duty range man. Tropical stormy Alberto abruptly we formed closer to Florida's Gulf Coast this morning. Unexpectedly intensified in a hurricane strength and took it in at northern regions of the state. Oh, right. The 2006 hurricane season is just 12 days old. Now here comes the profound statement from your fan ask governor. Good God, who would have thunked Governor Jeb Bosch said. Not exactly the kind of profound statement you want from your fan ask governor. Good God, who would have thunked. And then he said, During the past two seasons eight hurricanes struck or brushed Florida. I think this is God's punishment for fat angstia bush for every time the people vote on something. He has the least chances of earth to wear will be lectured because he's a dictator. And his wife's smuggler and his daughter say a crack addict. And anyway, meanwhile, Southherlandians were advised to expect heavy rain and gusty winds as squalls roam through the area. Later today, tornadoes and water spots are possible in South Florida. It wouldn't be some if we got knocked off the year. Let me know when we go off the air. Okay, by the way, his wife wasn't actually going to. I know that. Have you ever seen this kid George P? Yes. Yes. You saw his kid P where like, what's Johnny Dolan saw me P was a viewer in the likes to me at IOD. He was the one P on the satellite at that time we had a interference. Who is that? George P. That's right. Shortly after 11 o'clock this morning, local forecasters warned that a strong thunderstorm located by eight miles west of Candialix, poded to the dangers of torrential down porous, frequent lighting and 50 mile an hour gusts. Oh my god. But what you get like all nervous and better shape? It is stored in the bed of your use to it. For the North Forecaster is hurriedly issued a hurricane warning from Longbow Key to the big window to near Apalachia Colah in the Panhandle. That means hurricane conditions windstrucker than 74 miles an hour heavy rain are expected within 24 hours. And you found out there can expect to see Rob Marciano out there in the beaches just just getting drenched soaked preparations to protect life in property should be rushed to completion said forecast or Richard Pange of the National Hurricane Center in West Cape County. 11 a.m. for a chance call for the center of Albert's. It may be a good landfall in the big bend area this evening as a borderline category one hurricane. We're in about 75 miles an hour with Alberto's tropical storm force winds of at least 39 miles an hour stretching 230 miles from the center. Four castors warn that a wide swath of Florida would be hit with unsettled weather. Long advance of the center is arrival. When you think we'd have our meteorologist, what meteorological experts on QA right now since we're so new Z. huh? No, because the heat or the final of the body get it right. Are you starting with a crap again in South Florida community's capital work under great great sky as occasional showers and a heavy blanket of humidity. They were advised to expect soaking rains later in the day in South Florida, meaning new people. You people four castors also reinstated concerns over the possibility of severe thunderstorms. Nice and sunny here. Four castors also reinstated concerns over the possibility of severe thunderstorms. Water spouts and tornadoes especially in central Florida and along the lower Gulf coast, but also possibly in and near day then Broward County. Oh my God. A tornado watch is issued for Glades Henry and Coyour counties. Forces of central and north Florida could absorb eight to ten inches of rain across back. Welcome about firefighters who've been battling wildfires in those regions. See that's the way it is man. You can't have it both ways. That's the way to Lord works. You get the wildfires and the firefighters got to go out there and risk their life in limb and then God makes a rain like hell. You know, but the fires up. You could probably just like snap his fingers. You know, make you go away like that. But that's no fun. Right? That's right. Don't worry. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon signal wireless support. There'd be a nasty day. And of course they're hyperventilating about it on the talking news. They were so filming it tomorrow. Jay, let's check in with anchor. How the groinie to see what they're working on. Let's see that's another thing. We're probably talking about the soccer match. Our child whipped up. You want to say you want to say the ranked number five in the world. Check for public ranked number six. There are going ahead to head toe to toe. No, no, no. And the score starts at Nilton Hill. Which level do they say one to Nil? What is that? Well, there's it like. They'll go. Nil God soccer folks. Oh, through a crack. Somebody QAM hello. I can work there. Nil. Yes, sir. Good one. What is this question for you? We're coming up in a couple of weeks. And I know you're familiar with the area with the Niagara Falls. We wanted to recommend to them. It's like falls you or like more at the scene on the aggro. Which would you prefer? What falls you man falls you. It's the cast me out. It's fantastic. Is the hotel mine? Beautiful. Brand new. It's only year old. And it overlooks the falls itself. And every room in the hotel looks right on the falls. All right. And then the machines. How are they though? Better with mine? I got news for us. Sir, even the dead machine is better than woodbind. Okay. Nothing. I had a bad day on Saturday. You know, we put your money. You take two chances. Okay. Listen, the atmosphere there is fabulous. You'll love it. I'm too tundish right now. I can't guarantee you're going to win. And of course, it's not just a slots place. They got a full casino. They got all the tables. Whatever you want. They'll take your money. They'll definitely come in and stick it in and the token too. And they'll think. Okay. Have a great time, pal. There you go. I'm a great place, falls you and they're not a boss. I kept trying to sell high figure over there. But he's, you know, he's a hard ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. No, no, no. You know what's going to happen now? Oh, there's a big few. There isn't any few. Oh, he'll get a few calls tomorrow. I'm sure he will. And ask me if I care. Okay. Because that's an nature of the audience. Have been doing that for a hundred thousand years. Oh, my God. What's going on? What are you with? I'm just as it was a bad idea in the first place. It got really old and tired. And it did not interest in doing it. I'm interested in doing 10 to two. You know, however, it's a good idea. I always had a whole requires. And every morning I come in about nine o'clock. I was still doing 10 to two. And then we're doing the mornings. And he would like give me that look like all. Now, and he else coming into bailing out in the saw. Because nine to ten was always the dead hour, the dead zone. It's one of the top nine nine to ten. And I'm trying to think of the other hour of the day. It's even tougher. I can't think of what it is. And I don't want to say. But it's a tough hour. And it was always the lowest rated hour. So sure enough they ate every day when I would come in. Oh, come on in. Come on in. I have to sit down. So instead of working four hours at it, I was working like four hours and 45 minutes a day. So I could pay over at Grylley's dumbass. Christ. I'm a hundred years old. I'm doing 10 to two. You know, somebody, I want to ask you this question. Name me somebody else on this radio station. Other than 80K, who's on whatever the last game ends. And some nice, you'll be worse couple of hours. Name me somebody else that does four hours every day. Nobody, nobody, nobody. Name me somebody else who's making this kind of money. Nobody. So rest my case. So would you rather have the time offered a money? I'll take the money. Okay. Me too. It's $156 and $5 and my point being, four hours is enough. Okay. Four hours is enough. Jesus, K, Christ, Clarence, you idiot. Jesus Christ. Although it is a very handsome young man. So what I hear. Well, when I, you know something when I heard that, I didn't know whether to drop the phone on a floor. I just wanted to break out into tears. I'm not the kind of guy. I'm not an emotional old queen. It cries at the drop of a hat. But you almost got there. But I almost started breaking out of crying like a baby. I mean, I'm as to God. Although I did share the couple of tears. That movie was on again the other day. What tells the name of that movie with Amyl Hirsch and Sigourney. We've heard of that movie. Oh yeah. Imagine every heroes. You started and seen them. I bet your timing wouldn't watch that. I don't know about it. You said I like it. You said it would be good. I think you would like it. There's a lot of drugs and booze. You know what I will say. Someone I knew wind up seeing garden state. Oh, totally agreed with that. Totally agreed with that. That is the word we should garbage. Man, don't waste your time. It's got four stars on it on my cable. That's your reason I got sucked into watching it. There is no point to it. It doesn't go anywhere. It doesn't do anything. It's just I'm telling you. I imagine there. What is it? Improbble heroes. No, that's not it. Imagine you had it. Is that it? I can Google. Sigourney Weaver is so great in that movie. She I just love her. She walks in the I don't want to spoil the movie for you. If you ever wanted, but she walks in the headshot to buy some pot. And she says, I like the good stuff. You know, in the guy looks at it. And of course, she gets busted. He's got it. Yeah, he gets busted in the headshot. Or you want to get stuff too. But hey, I've been telling you three years to call 1-800 mattress whenever you need a bed. Because maybe one of these days you'll actually find the good stuff. They can deliver with any two hour window. Have an audible bed and consultants and more. If you thought of dining one of the headroom mattress on the phone was easy, check out their website on the website. Shop on the web anytime they were night with product details, prices and photos. You can even check out online or call them the place you were in scheduled delivery and that tour. One of us can be in for you. It's just an amazing view all the way around. It's said it's sluck it all over town in a rain and a hurricane and all the other stuff and wasting a lot of gas. Get factory-dread prices lower than the chain stores even during your so-called big sales. Plus, that amount for us offers you 12 months financing. What could possibly be not to like? That amount for us has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress industry. See, sort of. King Quill Simmons temperate extends in foster hewitt when you call 1-800 mattress. You get low prices on the best deals on the best brands. Now, on mattress rank number one of the world of the customers satisfaction. I've been using them for years. I guarantee I'll bet you at Josh's life on it. You will absolutely love the service, the prices, and the whole deal all the way around. And the goods. So, call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. You could be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. We've off the last S because it stands for sensational savings. This is a real Roger. What solid this is? 5.16. 8.16. Hmm, this is Dick Jamie. I like to relax by having very manual and massage my balls while listening to the new Roger's for the one hour. We've been making a... See, you want to get married? Let me give you some advice. If you want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're saying to Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. You're a son, don't worry, don't worry. You're a son, don't worry, don't worry. Yeah, that's shit, that's an airy-duke. If you want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're making a Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. There's an oven, I love you. You should never marry a Jew. A Jewish, right, there's lots of dust. I can't think of anything, those. All she ever wants to do is shop. She took credit card and he had their stuff. She was so interested in sex. She only cares about your paycheck. You are never gonna get laid. You'll regret the commitment you need. If you want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're saying to Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. There's an oven, I don't care. Yeah, that's shit, that's an airy-duke. If you want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're saying to Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. There's an oven, I love you. You should never marry a Jew. When you're funny, when it's finally true, there are things we never gonna do. You only cares about your meals and your hair. And I love to date about what's down there. You are gonna feel like the truck. Because you're never gonna get to do it. Find out how it feels to be. Turn away, practice in celebration. You want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're saying to Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. There's an oven, I don't care. There's shit, that's an airy-duke. If you want to be a holly-pugling, let's be told like the call. We're saying to Jewish, walk and go white, touch on the back. There's an oven, I don't care. You should never marry a Jew. You should never marry a Jew. For a total five to five sixty, would you care whether or not you're fine at the game, and it's on the doos. It's on the doos. You said that, nothing. What's wrong with that? I can say the doos, all I want. It's on the TSM. Don't yell at them. And yell at them. They're all good. They're all good. They're all good. How about you, pardon? I was just trying to imitate that. You see the uncoller? What was that? What am I washing? Or a poor-to-go school, a very early goal, the answer to that. That's a bad thing. This isn't going to mess that I want to see. Check it for the police. It's kept in front of me. It's kept in front of me. Are you ready? Somebody, one nothing for the checkery public in this story. You are against the US. It's one nil. Oh, Jesus. Jesus, the E.E. Plan. To London, Lord. I'm 16. Listen, we need to stop at a soccer talk because the next day it will be. Hello, it is at least it's a relief from shock. My God. A 16 year old girl who tricked her parents at a getting her passport and filled with the Middle East to be with a man she met on myspace.com, speaking to crazy people on the Internet. Has returned to Michigan to Detroit. Not everybody on my space is crazy, but just perfect. The US officials in Jordan persuaded Catherine Lester to tell one of she's Kind of Jerry Lester used to lead to the first host of the late tonight show. I hope you do years ago. To turn around and go home before she reached the West Bank. Lester rounded Bishop of the National Airport in Flint, late Friday. It was taken to a private area to be reunited with her family. She disappeared last Monday, week ago today after talking to parents in the Getting her a passport by saying she was going to Canada with friends. I'll either want to go to Canada, honey. Gabriela Eosleta, do you hear? She apparently planned a visit to man whose myspace account describes himself as a 25 year old From Jericho. From Jericho. Myspace account while we know what that is. There have been scattered accounts of sexual predators targeting minors. They met through this site and most of them went up on date line like last night. That must have been a short most of it. We've peed from the one I went to call it about early in the week. She facked me. Remember she thought I was going to be talking about that? Yeah. And one guy was a teacher at a Catholic school. And then another one was like some kind of a evangelical phony baloney horny or whatever. All of these people are men of God. They're just horny men of God. What's wrong with that? And they're all bunch of chauvalists. There's a lot of me. It's not. They can have to a more to a someplace in shine. Less beer apparently contacted the man from Jericho about a few months ago. Jericho is to the 17,000. They relatively come here. Of the volatile West Bank. The FBI traced the teenager to Wednesday, flight from New York's Kennedy or Porto teleive. At a scheduled stop at a Montgiordin, US officials persuaded her to return home. Thank God she was returned safely. Less his father said Friday afternoon while awaiting her rear. Thanks God. Okay. Sean less to told the second I knew that her daughter has never given me a day. He's trouble I just don't understand with all these new laws protecting America. How a 16 year old kid could go out of the country. She said her daughter never had a boyfriend. She seemed to be content with that. Ah, ha. Never had a boyfriend. 16 seemed to be content with that. No, no picture here. Oh yeah. There's a picture. I mean, we're still in Shakespeare. I've seen Joyce. I haven't seen Joyce. There's he and Joyce's ass. It's her right. Well, I mean, we're faced with it. If I were by the way, one of the important things that came out of that big summer meeting on Friday. Basically, what it boils down to was that the two QM representatives, they both have got to keep their job. So they both have to tow the company line and point of whatever Joyce tells them to do. What we can say, what we can do, what we can play out of you. It all boils down to current times to keep his job. Got to stand there? Sure. Although he is a very handsome young man. I mean, if you look up the definition, silly, faggot in like Wikipedia, you'll see Norma Kens picture on there, okay? Silly faggot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. All right, let's roll with that. We're going to have like a Republican queen wants to be governor of Florida. What could be wrong with that? 5, 6, 7, look at that. One nothing for the Czech Republic, man. Nephiat. Resetstein. Any pro-result, that man is upside. An advent and rich in ski, that's at least sound like hockey players to me. They go to all suede. WDQAM, hello. And KQ. WDQAM, hello. Neus and Lord don't work well. Okay, good. WDQAM, hello. Hey, did you work at the BPKN, New York? Why? Why? Why did I tell you I'm Friday? Why did I tell you? Why don't I tell you? We're going to come now. I said once, I'll give you a once a month. How's that? Okay. Okay. We're marking our listen. Mark it down. I'm great. June 12th. That means July 12th. Okay. I won't be here that day. I'll make sure I'll write it down myself. Yeah, I did work at WDTN, but David New York is a matter of fact. 1963, WBTA. And what's the big deal about that? Well, maybe he's going to make a point. Maybe he's writing a book. No, no, no, no. Probably not. He wants to know all of these things, man. This is important to him. Radio trivia. That's his life. He's probably on a phone with chicken. I've given him more details about Rick Shaw and some of the jingles refuse to play. He's a radio kind of guy. You know what I mean? Kind of like that. Or radio kind of guy. Tommy's got him. Nice to see you. Yeah, here. You're going to stay in the whole four hours? I'm not sure. I know the food hasn't tried that yet. I think he's going to eat. He's going to have food. Did you order the food? Yeah, I've ordered it. From where? Tony. Now we're talking. Okay. We got a book. But not just a book. What's going on Brad over there in Tony's, which is up there in a 441 and 200 in a second, I believe. Right? You know, I think that's going to give another plug once in a while. I know he's going to write it around 441, not sure. And 20 second. And I know we're on to a second. Well, whatever the hell it is, too, something. Well, when he brings the food in, be sure and take the menu out there. We're going to put a plug. But what thing about Brad is he never asks for anything? He doesn't want to come in there and smooths on the air. He doesn't want to come in and, you know, you want to say? I know exactly what you want to do. I'm not talking about the sandwich guy, for example. I used to, this is a guy I forgot his name already. Scott. Oh, the number. Remember Scott? See, he was said that, not me. That's okay. He's not there anymore. And we've always Scott and I were. And we like I were a lot. And Scott was a pin in the ass. This is a guy that wasn't even buying spots. And he would send over like a commercial for us to do one year. Remember that? Could you, could you, could you promote our party platters for the Super Bowl today? I mean, we appreciate when people bring in a fool, but when I got like, and although I will say this, at least he brought us a piece of copy, which is more I can say for ourselves to permit. Yeah. It was a breath of fresh beer. We, we take it all back, Scott, you're okay. Everything good? I was good. What a schmuck. I wonder who I dislike worse. Him or that richy from Vorset. At least Richie used to bring in some really good stuff. Although I did like those fanfield sandwiches from Atlantic City subs. They were very good. They put those things up. Stop calling all the shows. Huh? I said, if only he just stopped calling all the shows. That was a, that was a once in the lifetime thing on Friday. Man, it was a celebration of great colors from the past. That's what I think about this year. Man, every day is a celebration of colors from the past. Every day, like from the previous day. 1213 at 560 WPM, we have Curtis Stevenson at 2 to the afternoon. We have the whole schedule is, three of that today. Oh, we've got to give you here is a rest. Please. If you love voting, just about everybody implored it does. Although today may not be the greatest state of go out there. But if you ever thought about buying a vote, don't do it. Don't do it, please. Do the smart thing called club notical at 1 800 vote rent right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a vote, which cost you an arm in four legs? And then of course all the grief of maintaining it on top of that. When you can rent one totally hassle free and affordably too. Join the club at club notical and get on the water right away. Call 1 800 vote rent. You'll be amazed as how easy they make it for you. No docking cost. No expensive upkeep. No insurance. No hurricane preparation. Can you believe who the fuck it? Is that what you're going to say? Who the fuck it? With a vote from club notical. It's totally stress free and really affordable too. Call 1 800 vote rent. No getting the vote ready because club notical does it for you. No cleaning up either because it club notical just top on your vote and go. When you don't pull into the dock, it often leave. Just walk away. It's that easy club notical. Call them toll free 1 800 vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go. From small votes to your charters. It's club notical. Call 1 800 vote rent and let club notical tailor. Plentiful. Find a fix you need. And you budget. Hit on the water today. The hassle free the inexpensive way with club notical. Call them at 1 800 vote rent. This is new rush. This is 5 16. Howard David's a bitch. You know it. We could decide. I think sir and show. Taxed by Peter and show. To answer my dear pay. Now you can't take home. We'll round no home. We'll do the door. All that makes that my son. The best years of what we made. I can't finish this. That's all time like we don't go in the air on the few days of the blission. Perth and you. I've had enough for you today. We will not use it as those old life. You'll best be true. That's it. You'll go. Don't stay home by the face of death. I'll have my kids back to the corner. I told my son. I told him my or a piss and we know my best. That is the fire we have in order to store it down. As left of the boat, go to the office. See the watchers of us come a bit. Nice to come. I want those who are dreaming of the world. When he got hunting him down for a day he would need to. The door is open. The door is open. The door is open. I may have hidden a few sport home. The door is open. Twenty past noon at five, sixty WDQM and the 2004 presidential election senator John Kerry. Almost certainly what I want to hire. We've found his post of incontent. If all the eligible voters who tried to vote for him, Be in love with the cast of bells. Write comments about her birthday and today's New York Times. Republicans and events have surprising number of Democrats. to lead the 2004 Ohio election debacle behind but Kennedy that's Robert Kennedy Jr. and his long-heavenly footnoted article was the 2004 election of stolen leaves no doubt that the Democratic process was trampled and left for dead in the Buckeye state. Kerry almost certainly wouldn't want Ohio fall as votes have been counted and if all the eligible voters who tried to vote for me for a lot of care about there you go. What are we going to do about it? Do you think about it? No. People riding in the streets about it? No. All the dead people in Iraq anybody riding about that? No. Anybody marching outside QM protesting the dismantling of the radio station? Oh. See how pasted the American people are? This is what's going on man. These are the times in which we live. And what are they worried about? Craft like that. Taka. I mean, I don't mean him personally necessarily. All we does is that I see hot sleeve but nevertheless see this is what happens when you talk about a guy too much. It goes to his head just like everybody very bonds. He went to his head went to his head went to his back dome. That ass. It's what we got almost 1100 votes already man oh man. We ought to put that soccer game on all the quite frankly I'm off of that. I don't know if it's more important to be watching about the a hurricane. Don't you think so or possible hurricane? That would be a good idea. Elberto. Yeah, I'm trying to keep people a little in form. Okay. I realize it has nothing to do with the heat so I would be talking about that. Although the heat is part of the weather and heat and humidity and hurricanes and tropical storm, it will be my reaction is who the fuck it? And he remains wildly popular your fat ass governor. Why are they popular? What about your redness in Yahoo's? Who would have a lot of company phonies? I don't know. Who exactly? Who the fuck is right? Oh, he's daughter's got a nose for news I hear. Let's have her in the news department. I remember eight years ago they told us we were getting like a news wire and at that point we should have said oh yeah right, Clarence. That was that was muff I guess. Poor muff. She really got she got screwed and tattooed. Thousand ninety four votes on the poll. The woman you despise the most. How is the oyster still invited away? She hopped over a few. She's pretty good at climbing the ladder. She's right she started to take that aim on Nancy Grace's ass next friend. Five six seven I got the whole bunch of good stuff here but I'd rather take calls when you. Oh cuz well I mean they've been so good. Yeah. I agree with that. What's wrong with the calls today? We had a lot of good calls we had blind Mike. Oh listen you know what you're going to get? What? The intellectuals. What did that guy say in Friday we get the intellectuals if we did what? I think he said if we talked more about f*** we get the intellectuals calling it. Five six seven oh yeah that was the guy who said that they're intimidated to call us and remember that guy that's right they're all afraid of you. That's it. W 2 I M hello. Hi man this is Bill C'mon I just want to tell everyone. Yeah. I can say it to you is you're fairie. I think that's all Rob Marciano with Bill. Would Miss C'mon that is there's one of the worst comments you know why would you say that first of all Rob Marciano's an adult. Yeah okay. That's true that's true. Yeah and he brings his own condoms to the picnic. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now there was one of those postings on that wild website that I found before that said the Rob Marciano in into a well one chick said he was the worst lady she ever had. She said he's awfully happy so the worst was the worst in the sex she's ever had. Which again these are just all ramblings by people are probably never even laid their eyes upon much less laid you know same of course those guys man talk about a gay feeding frenzy holy cow these queens are hoping for hurricane somewhere every day is always they can get robbed naked on the beach you know on CNN. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Is Rosie on the pole. Rosie O'Donnell. Is she on the pole? If you want her. I don't want her. If I want her. If I want her. If I want to hate her fan asks. Yeah. But we didn't want to take a cruise to the Bahamas with Rosie to the Caribbean. I'm waiting with David Brett. Only if he could sink the ship with her on it okay thanks, Bally. Oh you come with me, bro. And this she probably would sink it. Yeah. No you're not my type. I'm not dating you this week. Okay. Let's get Rosie O'Donnell's fan asks on her. What are you saying? Speaking of fat ass how star Jones and doing only got four. Barbara Bob was got three. Barbara Bush has got 11. Barbara Walters got to fit. And Rosie O'Donnell went on their awful fast. That was good work. How do you do that? I don't know. So those got bother jobs. It's like magic. 112 votes already. It's not even 1230. Where I'll be over 1211. I'll be under votes. And you want to know why could we start at the show at 10. That's my take. Okay. This isn't a hank in any way unless you want to go right ahead. But I'm just saying the show starts at 10. We went through months of that crap with Stern. You know sitting around here, you know, wait waiting and waiting and waiting and like anticipate and palpitating and you know, well one of them are going to find a give it up. Robin anything else Robin? You know, like an endurance contest like how long could he stay on before he would just pass out and everybody would plot from it already. Like that one schmuck that her being a pop at a wherever he is that keeps practicing about well, you know, Howard's on zero is 24 seven. Ah, well good. I hope you and Howard have a great life together. Okay. Hope you have a wonderful life. And you'll know, and remember what I said the other day and this is the truth. This is absolutely the truth. You don't have to be a genius to figure this out. I wonder which I could have figured it out earlier second about some stock because I'm telling you right now that the iPod and MP3 players and the Walkman and cell phones, you can download music. You can download music on your pop up toaster now, man. You can even download music on your own. Your ass just about. So this whole business of people panester for satellite radio and for, uh, for all an FM radio. Forget about it. It's done. It's done. It's done. It's over. You're not got like 27 hundred songs on my iPod already. Was that right? And I got my logic tech. I didn't have to one and stock that I was trying to. I got it on the way. It's going to be here today for tomorrow. My docking station. It's called Docgers for Old Cockers. So we. And then you got our coming right because George is sending you a Georgia and a city. Yeah. All kinds of, I think the 50s are coming. Probably that fast domino and tadboon. Oh, God. I can't wait to hear a pad boom. Oh, boy. And Elvis, your favorite. Now there's some good stuff. And if these make no mistake about it, ever leave brother? Is that 50s early 60s? Okay. Sailor Long, Silver Moon. Sailor Long, Cockamol, with the believe on and dot records. Some good stuff. I mean, seriously, when you can have your old music and listen to it wherever and whenever you want. Why do you need a radio? Why do you need to spend money for a satellite? Okay. Like I told you that the day I got all those flush stations on my cable here. All right. I got 80s, then. And watch your language. Now careful. Where's all of them? We're all those other channels. The ones that have the other. They are. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. Pretty Ricky. So he's on the other side of the building. What do you mean by that? I mean, power. I mean, six to the very popular earlier. Oh, really? That's right. Well, he's into the deli, I guess. 28 past noon at five, 60, WQM. If you think you might have termites in your home, now is not just hurricane season. It's almost termites season. There was a piece in a hill there that they have about those big gigantic for most in the termites that will chew up your house at about two minutes. I've caught. Call Reddit test control today for a free termite inspection. Reddit uses that amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termites. Auto percent of contact. There are going to be facted news. You can say clearances, a handsome young man. If you have termites that's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tend to your house to make the whole neighborhood into a bar to m and paleo circus. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out of staying for days or even weeks and hotels and motels. And don't have to worry about your food or pets in your healthy because at Reddit they treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you've got to turn my problem. These are the people you want to call. Call Reddit test control right now. In fact, I understand there are the lost in Georgia's houses we speak and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that close to my sander eggs. 100% on contact. No tending. No BS. No kidding. They do a fabulous job for you. The whole street. I'm in spec now. Absolutely no obligation. Better be safe than sorry. Call 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. When you call Reddit, be sure to tell me that Todd Dreck. To be called 1-800-447-4348-448. This is Neil Roger. This is 5. 16. 16. 16. The factship station. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 13. 16. 16. 18. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 16. 17. 14. 16. 16. 17. 16. 16. 17. 15. 17. How about your partner? Why do they rerun on the game now? It's not Raptors TV they can't show no Raptors game on it It'll after his name play and no mold of season, okay? It's on Raptors TV which is right next to my cable to leave TV we could play a little of that That was that all the other in the middle of a commercial break All right, you want man. I'm my cable. We got it once a minute. Shall hockey game one I'm good The big change like the man there's Charlie got the ice back over the knee. Oh, he's got an ice pack on it and his needs to I think Rob Marciana's got an ice pack on it. It's 12 30 or four five 60 WQAM. Oh, man You know, I'm never gonna recover from that crap. I found on the internet and then that that was with that I wasn't looking for that. I wasn't you know, and I just when you start reading the first comment and then you go to the second one You can't stop reading it because it's just so you it's one of those. I don't know whether it'll ever cry or just Give up, you know, pop out at you Man talk about desperate auto. I have no life sure. I say it one thing when you read all those Postings on those chairs make you feel a lot better about your own life even if your life is crap It's so much it feel fantastic. God love it. I've been twenty votes on a poll still one to kneel in the Soccer let's see four or seven. I gotta keep track of these channels Oh, I think it's music. Oh, no Oh, no, where's the wrong possibility Don't come to the checker. Come with this word again. Where's your own? Oh Remember that net is a little bit bigger in our It's too nil it's all over now boys and girls good golly Miss Molly what are we gonna do? Huh? We're screwed we got the hurricane up there in a golf. We got the US getting their ass kicked by the checker Republican game just barely started. They only played like about 35 minutes. I think in the first half Holy crap five six seven. Oh five sixty in and of course they heat it in their ass Headed to my to play last night and got that hurricane baseball with old miss tonight. Well, more could you want huh? I'm gonna put all these stupid articles away here. Let's concentrate in the important things. Okay, like Man his head really is huge. I did it was watching like 10 seconds of that game His head his head is bigger than some towns I've lived in like in Sturgis Michigan wasn't as big as Shaxhead God, that thing is gigantic W2Q a M hello Me away. We up a W2A M hello Hey me over morning. Yes, sir. We had I got to I was a listening to another radio personality this morning another Ann personality well I remember normally this the Bob and Tom but because that was the date counter this morning I was listening to you know another guy in another station way to come on Well, why can't you why can't you say the name is it like some is there like four liter words in there? Well, I don't know I don't know I'm not tired about it. I'm not kidding I'm not asking you who is it? But he was obviously getting a kick out of the fact that the The Diffy chick should have in the hard time you know still in her venues. Yeah And I bought some drove off was he also you haven't a kick about the fact that they got to number one album Went on the the first time in history that it could not prove he could go up to dimension Who is this person you're talking about? I'm going to back all heard Yeah, I thought yeah, I was right I didn't hear that but uh and you know he was saying you know one of the three mistakes They made with obviously being critical of the present whatever but and my question to you is you know We as a society don't we have a certain a certain duty or a certain responsibility to actually be critical about elected officials? I mean, you know we both of the guy in and whether you go to for the guy You don't say we voted him and don't know what he was saying Well, no, he didn't mean they stole both elections nobody voted him either times sir. Well, that's well That's a fact. That's a fact I don't understand these guys Manality Well, so why are you listening to him? Why would you listen to like a card carrying? Who's stepping on like that? Well, I would program that station out on my radio and don't do it again God Anyway, like calling in here like surprised about something that Rush would say or bill or rally or or Michael Savage What those other Nazis do you sure, you know why you surprised that it don't protect yourself to a pali okay? Because in their world and the Stratus where the family then you can only say the things that they approve of that that's the way it works You can only come on and we're pretty everybody nice if you're like a Nazi like main culture They would they're big Adam's apple I don't think if she found Adam's apples he would even know what to do with it I like it till we're to stick it 560 let's get a lot of these good calls on her. He was good. He's like all whipped up because he had a radio action Linda Beck W2 AM hello 2 AM Hey, yeah, yeah, sir Your reference or a walk up and my listening to him watch you what do you mean? I'm listening to it. I'm watching it's too nothing check or public man Too nothing they just go to again. Yes, oh man You got them into unrescentor on the dis the shinkin that Now this is what I can't clean for the Wyurning way since you So I'm about to scout. Into this Nothing happening And this begin this row with this shanks especially simple I'm not going to hit the hand. I'm going to throw the whistle. Is there a gun going to make the eye on the point? So then he's constipated. Brits, we don't got no injuries. Kind of. Okay. See this guy's trying to plug that radio cuticle. We don't give a crap. Because nobody is speaking. Which is going to be listened by any how a smug. I mean, I'm sorry. Funny me. I don't want to hear that again. Okay. Enough with him. Enough with Andre, Eddie, canter. 40 minutes they play the first half. I'm not plus of course they got the extra time. I don't know how much extra time I'm going to hire. As if we really need the extra time. Because no matter what extra time they got, they're just going to pittle around. Look at this. Look at how much time he's taking. Are you watching this? No. They're going to play. He's just he's just. The edge in a way from the goal. And he's like kicked out a couple of yards of him in the clock is running. 40, 20 minutes. Finally. But I'm going to kick it all the way down the field. And then they'll bring it all the way back up. But by the big, better bullman. Like nothing's going on. You know, the fact that they scored two goals at all. I mean, this is really an image. That's a bull. That means you're missing the excitement. Yeah. Well, you know what? They can have the same thing. They can have this. And they can have your Zionist source too for the same price. God. We got this hurricane man. Gonna pumble the Gulf Coast up there. Rob Marciano is getting into his song, but he need now for his next on camera shot. Seriously. You really. He's just, you, you, yeah. Well, right. You said that stuff that was on it. You just can't even believe it. Oh, I believe it. I miss you spend more of your time on the internet than I do. But I just can't believe these things. I can't believe these people. I mean, you know, it's one thing that's a look at somebody on TV and I've always joked about that about him in particular, but, but to be like that, obsessive in her like, and of course back and forth. See, that's the one thing about the internet, all these chat rooms. Basically, they're a bunch of desperate people shouting each other. Isn't that what it really boils? I would say that's a perfect description of it. Yeah. Desperados with no lives shouting each other. Well, I don't think he's gay. And I think he was married with 16 kids. And I think I saw him in a gay bar in Naples though. Right. Amazing. How much, you know, like the everybody brothers, all I have to do is dream. These people must spend a lot of time dreaming, which I guess you have to win year by always. I have no life. 18, before one at five, 60, WQM, we got Curtis and Mad Dog and we got UN baseball. We got Eddie K., the Obers and the Under's, the Inns and the Oats. Let me tell you about it in all of a series. Is this the right tag for this week? Or is this, I don't know. I don't think I got a new tag. Is this the same one as last week? Brian? Hey, Brian, you're supposed to, we have the same tag? I don't know, for Brandy. We have all the top brands and the shoe business and they give you the top prices, personal friendly service. Take your feet to Brandy's, do a favor. You'll find a floor shine, an echo, a fist, a rock port, a hatched puppy, a new balance. All of the name brands and all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. Are you sure you didn't miss a tag in a box or something? Because Brian, you must never let me down. What do you want? I'll have to ask that. No, I'm just telling you right now. It's too late because I'm in the middle of the spot. And I don't know if this is the right tag or not. Because we don't get any more copy. I'm just asking if there was any like copy in the box. I realized there would be like extraordinary QAM. Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida. Go see our good friend, Arne. Arne, I'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes at the right price for your feet every single time. And because the only thing they sell at Brandy is the shoes, you don't have to worry about size, selection, service, and certainly never about price. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290. The work that will highlight in poverty between Atlantic and Coppice on these side. Open every day, Monday through Saturday, till nine, Sunday's until five. And this week, I'm sure it's the right thing. Cause Father's Day is coming upon Sunday, right? Sure. Some sure continues to be the same right tag or maybe not, but I'm positive it is. It's a great week to shop for Father's Day at Brandy because it's coming up this Sunday. Save up to 40 bucks a pair on men's rock, portfolio, shaman, new bounce and get a free gift with purchase to. So be sure to get your Fed S in the Brandy's this week or do you shoot shopping online at Brandy's shoes.com. This is real Roger's. What's solid this? Is 5168. Fed Newsman is half time at the World Cup, half time. Oh no. Check for public too. Oh, you don't have to fool from Brad and Tony's already? Uh, yes, we did. You're really jealous. And what's half time at check for public too and the US, Neil. Hey, Neil. This is Randy West. And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still ain't interested. 418. 516. WQAM. Your headquarters for Tape Interviews with dumbass criminal athletes. The station that turned to for sport-hol sweepers. Followed by a much math dumbass. Sound like anyone you know. And if you think they're unintelligible just because of the phone. One no Charlie Radio. I'm a one no Charlie. 516 WQAM. K-Dreens are a demographic of underreducated degenerate gamblers, loyal to wealthy closet gay Republicans who still live with their mother and are too cheap to buy anything anyway. I like your back. You're dead. Well, hey. What a game last night, huh? Yeah. You're done interviewing WQAM. He said. Boy, whole radio. Is it anyone there? Why we're going out of this? Hey man. Man. Yeah. I think with a copy. I don't want to get off on a tangent here, but I will anyway. For George, he's always telling me. They don't speak our language. They don't speak our language. No, they don't. And that line that he gave me because he started doing the fact he was doing Tommy's job. Yep. When he first went over there and I had my seven months paid vacation. I was in Europe most of the time having a wonderful time. And he was over there and he every time I would talk to me and say, this isn't a radio station. It's a sports bar with a microphone. And he keeps reminding me that they don't speak our language. In other words, like when you're working a certain business, no matter what it is, there's a certain lingo that goes along like radio talk. Like when you were broadcasting, radio or TV talk. They don't speak that. So copy. I mean, copy what's that? You start up again? They just don't speak the language. It has got anything to do with broadcasting. That's all they know in there is for like the over's in the under's in who one the game and what was the score and who's the next is. It literally goof off. We're going to have one here. And that's all they know from. That's all they know. It's not a radio place. And of course, it goes to show how stupid an IEV I am. I thought that once Greg got the show about the door and they brought somebody else in, maybe that might change a little bit. Uh-uh. Uh-uh, because the new guy, he's just a face man. We got parents calling me, sure. Some parents makes magazine like a well-rounded individual, you know, by comparison. He's a handsome young man. He is a handsome young man and a handsome young sports nerd. Who that's all he knows about is taking showers with the guys in a locker room, I guess. Maybe they'd like to take a shower with a handsome young guy. I have no idea. I know I sure would. And I care and so. 1144 votes. It's a sports far with a microphone. They don't speak the language of broadcasting. No, they have that language I keep in mind. It's only right now. Let's keep these calls going. Otherwise, we're going to have to resort back to my pile again. I don't want to mess with the pile. You? Yeah. Not today. We've been on a roll. 567. They've been pretty good. Pretty animated. 567.0.560. The Verizon Singular Wireless Line. I'd like to take 2000 calls before 2 o'clock. And none of them have any to do with it. Unless you want of course. Now we can go back to that. If you go back to the NBA. The Tally's on the Disney. She uses a lot of time to, I wonder, I'm not exactly right. It was on his back lightly. They say lightly, but the referee sees that angle. Like with Debra Mariston. Because they had six-two to nine for Dallas. And that was not going to come. I was Tuesday games three. The series was shipped to my Abby for these three four and five. Thursday games four. They mixed Sunday games five. Course that it necessary. Our coverage would be going to be 20. Wait, what game is this? There should be two. How about you pardon? Yeah, it's game two. It's game two. Which is re-running it from one to the other. They're getting blown out. It's 16 and nine for the Mavericks. Yeah. Yeah, that's game two. What do you mean by that? In game two, the heat got blown out. Oh, you mean like last night? Absolutely. That's what I'm trying to, that's what I said before. You got me all called confused now. Like I really know what game two and game three. I know they're down two games. It's definitely going to get swept in everybody's going to get off the Fanwagon. Oh, gee, Pat Riley really sucks. It is to really choke to the clutch and that's way in way. Yeah, right. Yeah, the holocaust, the firm running phoenix and self-water. Fanwagon, jepers. Man, that's all they are. Bandwagon jepers. Where is the band? Where can I grab a hold of that brass ring, huh? And latch it onto my thing. Probably hurts. Twenty two a.m. Hello. Any deal? Yes. I'm meeting the cross over with Hank this morning. Well, I've already been through that. Sir, do you want me to rehash the whole thing? We don't do cross over anymore. Oh, man. Hey, who's the better sports player? Jockey. Okay. Twenty two a.m. Hello. So you want to tell me, jump. Twenty two. That was good. Work on that accent. Just a little bit for like the next ten twenty years and call me back. That was good. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Palm five. And then interesting. This is the one thing that they're like all of a sudden I'll whip up about as the cross over. There ain't no more cross over where kids done. It's finished. It's finished. It's finished. They show us tend to two. Okay. That's what we do. Ten to two. That's it. Not a moment more. And you know what's when it gets to be two o'clock? We're gone. I think it was Friday. I went about 15 seconds over and I felt really bad about that. And you want to know what the reason is for that? What's the reason? Because it's no damn rejoins. If they get a longer runner, we're going to be doing seven minute breaks on a show pretty soon. Thanks to Clarence and it was stupid as rejoins that go on and on and on. Yeah. I'm trying to back time figure we got a four, maybe four minute and twenty second break. It is man. You can take any break in a world of making it like a six, seven minute break. They just don't understand that they don't get it. Like the list of shift man audience in a flow flow. They know from blow not from flow. It blows whatever they're doing. Clarence. I'll owe you a very. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Why do you hate Hank? WQAM hello. QAM hello. Bye. Happy. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Neil. QAM yes. Hey. I'm bringing a moron to hockey tournaments for my 12 year old. He'll a little bit. So we're talking about all the same. Have you heard? We're sure we go after the fall. All the same. What's the good for you? See you in tower. Take the gift of the top and then have a good trip down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Take them all the wood vine. Okay. See I'm going to take a losing about half an hour. 5, 6. And be Verizon. Sincere wireless mine. WQAM hello. Yeah. He just pushed. Yeah. QAM hello. Yeah. No more cross over. I'm not cross. Yeah. We're doing that on the Tuesdays only. WQAM hello. I like to be a little bit fun. I mean like that real life. Yes sir. Hello. Okay. Yes sir. Okay. That's a scary. Yeah. WQAM hello. Neil. You want to talk or so bad. They take you in the rectum. Yeah. I was tired. I was really cute. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Keep the hits on coming man. I'm going to put my pile right down. That's how much I'm enjoying this today. I think I'll do it all week. Oh. You see that USA flag around him and put some clothes on kiddies. He's really got nasty body. You see what he said? He said the F word right there. He mowed it. Where you see an intern at CNN. Well it's too late now. Oh, they're showing these the sad Americans man after the check. We've publicly got that too much. Look at this kid picking his ear and picking his nose. Got to win those. What's been in his ear. You want to get that thing dirty sweetheart. They had the other guy. He had like the they all got the USA flagged right throughout him. Isn't that kind of like disrespectful? Huh? I think they had a brilliant with a couple of these guys in it. So many people all painted with their faces and everything. Just in Gajarma. Thank you. You know, it's a place where you're in with in 12 hours. We think here we have it. And it was a big thing. They're cutting. They don't want you to know about it. But that's why they like from new to to put the CNN international crap on there. With all these people to have a European accent. You know, who's not living here from another planet. And here's Gajarma who's probably like in Budapest, or somewhere. And he's talking about the storm in Tampa and about to be better. But he's got the map on board. You see, it's expected you wouldn't know where to find Florida with both hands. Okay. Right, boom. Talk to the 65, 60 WTO. I'll tell you one thing, man. These three hours are flow long today. I don't know how it's been for you, man. Fly and buy. It's a zooming buy. Huh? Plus I can't wait for that break. You can dive into this spaghetti and meatballs. Why can't you? What do you mean by that? You got spaghetti and meatballs and a pizza. And a pizza. You bet. I'm going to make my, my watch a call up to a positive day. Oh, okay. Just based on your salmon. 1154 votes on the poll. The woman you despise the most. If you love the finer things in life and you love, Stowees. My name is quintessential cigar shop in Kendall. What's out for is largest license cigar. Stowees of Kendall is sure to have your favorites. Whatever you're looking for, they got it. Stowees got over a thousand open boxes of cigar to choose from. Including Arturo Fuente, Padrn, Monacoisto, Romeo, now see how we go at a copy again. The Oates says in here. I know it's Romeo and Juliet. It says Romeo, Comea, Julietanta. And many more including the largest of premium cigars that close out prices. And as well as the obscure and hard to find. Romeo, Comea, Julietanta. Oh, you've been raised. We got too many guy and work in that radio station. I'm turning right now. Come in to Stowees today enjoy a smooth smoke and air wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world. To instow easy every Friday for their wine tasting from five to 8 pm featuring some of the most delicious boredos of France has to offer. You'll find Stowees in 116 12 North Kendall drive open every day your life seven days a week. Our car reserve of Basque favorite cigars and Stowees call 305 598 9820 305 598 20 when you stop for the Stowees. Stowees say hello to Mario on the girls, Sandra and Yani and get you a free cigar today just for stopping and saying hi. That's Stowees at 116 12 North Kendall drive and prestigious Kendall. This is new. This is 516. I'm at the Pico Latino. I'm at the Pico Latino. I'm at the Pico Latino. I'm and I said when I see it. Sorry, but I won't find it. Coming in to the U.S. survey and done make my home and I don't you're a. I don't need insurance. I work for low pay. I see for your agents and I run away. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I'm Fester than sweetie, don't die I'll bring my wife on my children and then I'll have a fee I'll start with 12 million friends So give it that try to find us and when they catch and be For the sweet sweet back again I'm I'm we're on the little Latinos I vine to Item part of our sluggler I want all the things that I see and TV, the free-dope and signals, nothing on me. I'm a guy in sales now by the name of Craig Tommy would you? Those people are particularly concerned about what lies ahead and even Florida's governor talked about that. 560560, copy a dollar, radio a dollar, the only thing that's us is sports bar with a microphone. It's beginning to look at us at the governor. His head is probably about the size of a shaft. He went out of the coat of his head. After all, he did six to two thousand election him and Captain Harris. The mayor of the governor was not playing it with your son, Tampa. He wouldn't be bad if that was cancer and Harris' plane. I'd like to say the Republican Party, which is it was, but when it just crashed, Charlotte has been deferred. Oh my god, who the funcant? WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm not a country music fan, but I thought that there's a chick sitting in. It's a great idea to find out what it knows of. I got there by 10 of managers to piss off the bush family. I'm not going to be a part of them because, you know, they were right. And there's nothing wrong with being right. And the hardest thing for these right wing not to just admit they were wrong. And that's why they're constantly backering about this. But it's a never met they were wrong. It's pretty sad commentary when you got up. I'm using based on what the right wing tells you. Of course, everything else is the same way too, you know. Don't watch that curtain. I don't even love it. It's more that pet micolores propaganda right. Sure, whatever you say. 10 inches of rain may fall through water beach. Look at that sandbagging worth of Tampa. Would be the first time some of the people got sandbagged in Tampa. We ate that situation. Kira? Oh, Kira, I don't want to hear no Kira. Oh my God. 560, 560, Tom 560, Brighton, SIGTER, Wireless Line. WQA, and hello. Hey, there. Yes, sir. There's a photo of a Charlie, the guy who didn't set their phone. Yeah. There's a front door, man. It's not really him. Okay. Okay. Now you probably do it something with it right now. There's something like an expert on blow up dolls. Here's the world cup again. They're back into the second half now. They're got the 51 minute mark. Let me. Still too nothing for the check. We've public over to USA. Oh, look at that. There's a US target. A bloody nose. They need to guys hold in his kishkis. Oh, you see that? So they're looking to keep up the hand again. They're asking. No, man. No, man. No, man. No, man. No, man. No, man. No, man. No. He's just some kind of a candy ass game. Is that what it is? Oh, God. No, Malice intended my ass. And the ball rolls back to the goalie and he'll probably like, oh, yeah. Oh, that's right. He's in a big hurry because that's the US goalie. So he like kicked it off. They're real quick. They kicked it about 10 yards and they got kicked it back to him again. And the clock is ticking and ticking. 51. 42. 51. 43. And now he kicks a prodigious kick man all the way down the field. And the check guy hits it with his head. Listen, just keep going with the play by play till like two. Wait there. Okay. You can see the field and he kicked it about four feet. Now he runs turns it goes the other way. That this is the worst crap I've ever seen in my life. How anybody can serve this to be a sport? You can swing. Oh, man. The beat. Hey, you can sit somewhere. You can play away. Always cross over. Always cross over. He janned the babies. You're tripped. You saw what happens to the fix the edge. If he feds the play. You turned them around twice. You turned them around twice. You turned them around twice. I thought something got a tough might do. When you stop, I heard that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pompah. Dough. Good. This. 5, 60 on the horizon. Sigular wireless line. Very calling. Tensive this week, man. Because you guys are under a lot of pressure. We got that. Traffordle, sir. Mal, Bertard. That may be a hurricane. Any second over there in a gulf. And you guys are going to get drenched. I think I'm going to do my. My. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. I'm going to do my. Nadia one something I want to talk about. I give her something to. I called her. inspection. He was looking for him and Edna would be cold. He could be cold. This is just 100 sure. I only have 300 frighter. CH Pak , affiliation. It's exactly from a single shot with your dots. Oh, I don't feel better in that. That would worry you. Sir, okay. These are those is the exit femmes. It's willingly dark. Oh, they are. Look here. They say he was fast. They look good. I don't can't be here. This is very clear. and this nifty looking before. Wow. And all that heavy do these stuff is whatever. I hope Joyce don't drown over their ennaples in this door, man. That would be a shame. We can only pray. Maybe that's what this is all about. Maybe God is trying to get her ugly ass. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Jesus is after you, Joyce. Anyway, all of this stuff is coming across and it's coming from the Southwest and man. It's going to rain here like right now there's basically nothing. And Dave Brower, maybe way out in West Palm Beach like out in Belgrade. Well, it's pretty crappy this past weekend. Yeah, but you ain't seen nothing yet. Just wait. You got some heavy, heavy duty rains coming to San Sioux, but it comes to a clock, man. You made it make a beeline out there. Two nearest sports for us. You can watch the rest of the soccer game. It'll be over by now. Okay. Well, you can watch the replay. Or maybe maybe this is some other good. I'm sure there may be some other great matches like Belarus and Slobovia. 54 or 20 they played, baby. We got a long way to go to the 190 minute mark. Plus than the extra time, right? Still two hours in front of the second public. Keep your hopes up USA. I'm got a Chinaman's Sands and Hell. WQAN. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Did you say that there was vacant ten inches in Tampa? Impossible. Well, clear water. V. You can't get too much closer to Tampa than that. Oh, actually. Also, on that, it makes a good thing. We're talking about rain, sir. Rain. Oh, you know, in that, uh, skid you just had a, with a Mexican, a Mexican? Yeah. Oh, I hear Fort Sander. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, maybe you farted, but I didn't hear it. Now, or smell of, thank God. Uh, tell us how hard he was working to try to like develop some material or he was like, as he was going along and like, he was kind of improvising there. He struggled a little bit. He did, you're struggling, sir. He's probably even went out when he was a, he probably, that could be, and I understood there's a lot of pressure there when you get on the phone here, trying to, you know, conjure up some material, something to say, especially in Florida. But, uh, he, in fact, he's probably sniffing it right now and enjoying the hell out of it. Twelve minutes past one, did you take that copy and shove it up, uh, Craig's, answer, or anything else? Do you do it during the break, or time? Yeah. Take it back there and say, this is an example of why people, at least Neil gets all that other shape, is because few people sent him a bunch of soil and they were supposed to make magic with it. So damn good thing I know my roomy on Julietta's, Julienta. Oh, my, I know a few yentas, man, but they have a few juu yentas, but they're like in sunrise lakes. Maybe that's what there was juu yentas. Jesus, good, good. It's just, it's just incredible. And we got the god with a drawback there from Raleigh, we doing this, that fine job. He's doing a fine job. My god, all, all the years I've been doing this, man, I, I, I, never could have, in my worst nightmare, envision that we could have reached this point. You know what I'm saying? Here you know, you're, you're, you're both a part of it. He woke up swept up and it swept away in it. Well, we're a bit over right now. Well, what is that? Well, that's an Oklahoma's an all-time fire. Why did that gasoline? Why did the end times you're here? I don't want you to nervous or anything like that, but my god, would all the stuff that's going on now? You got hurricanes and playing the crash in and a storage tank catches fire at an Oklahoma petroleum complex, but it was the price of oil again for a bucks a gallon of tomorrow. Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices by the way, Mr. President. You're fairies. If you have a business and need to get customers away from the competition, then here's the perfect business partner for you. Puff said printing and design. Puff said can design and print just about everything you need new arsenal. There's look at the great display booth they made about me on our website, right at the bottom of the page. You go way down on the bottom, which is where we belong and that's where we are fast approaching. Or see you even more, they're phenomenal work and puffs at sf.com. Puff said can print everything you need from business cards to banners, posters to their especially trade your boots and displays. Puff said design and printing the very best rover for 14 years, and don't forget Puff said can handle it all right in house. Call 9-5-477-275. That's 9-5-477-272-275. But he had to see for yourself on their website, puffsetsf.com. Look if you're best to get those new customers. It's your business and it's Puff said business to make you look great. Call 9-5-477-272-75, or go to their website puffsetsf.com. Look for my grotesque picture under building on Dixie Highway just know the commercial bull of art. Two is the very best Puff said printing a design call him today at 9-5-477-272-75. This is Neil Rajuk, who's also a story. This is 5-16-26. Big Market Radio? Right down, shout. Play here of the month once go with the hang phone trees and play banjo. You got some new home, a station on, new fangled, rainy old. Now as north, can't rely on the clothes, brolies of big city and old, and that's where the bees, bees, and the goats, for y'all, they're highly jombo. On New GMs, you can't shake your hand like a friend. Then quickly walk away, they had jombo, go to 5-6-0 with ratings in the toilet mode to get those framing for bull mows in order and control. And then so, golly, rolly, coals above humor and in the low, be the most gold. And here's what blows, it's golly, he's so jolly. You make a big change and re-o-raint. It's worse on the same. He hasn't done a thing. Or goes home to air at 2-Jodel, and was thinking flu, but a poor, not that essentially flows for whole rainy old. The GM of 5-6-0, jolly, rolly, jolly, coals. 20 past one at 5-60 WQA, and it's still too kneeling the world cup. He's got right check Republic 2 and US Nill, and they've played 63 minutes in 29 seconds with loose counting. And they're kicking it around their adventure, they're kicking it back and forth about five yards over here, and 10 yards back there, and then backward and forward and sideways. And they're like mowsing on up the field very slowly, like, and he tried to stick it there and remember they kicked the US kick their right man. Lost it again, look at that. US is coming on the mile like a bunch of school kids, not looking to good. Oh, look out now. Oh, geez, about 400 yards over the top of the net. This is the most boring crack, you know. Oh, that's so hard. Tays just a great day. Why is that? Well, you know, the show is flying by, and I just got news that on Thursday, Chef AdDL from the Fort Lauderdale Roots Chris will be coming in, so we'll be enjoying some stakes on Thursday. You best, it's oh yeah. That's unbelievable. The time is going to make sure he's here for that one too. Yeah, I'm sure he will be for a little ribeye. I thought time it was a vegetarian. I thought he liked that herb. So when I heard, oh, you're in and out. You couldn't put it in, man. Well, I'm sure it's not the first time you heard that. Well, he got the rest kick last night. We don't want to revisit that. So we got two nil. I'll check that again a little while because I know you're all whipped up to a frenzy about that crazy West's plan. It looks like they're going to get their rest kicked. And the hot basketball games long since over and a hockey game. Now, one's the next game. What the hell going on with that series? Like who it went to? Long Carolina, man. Nothing to be fighter than to beat the crap out of Carolina. Edmonton pulled it out of there, but the other day they won two to one. I'm a very greasy gold there by Ryan Smith toward the end of the game. And his game for tonight was at tomorrow night in Edmonton. Oh, it's tomorrow. Yeah, it's tonight. 8pm tonight. We only think I'm getting it from you. I'm on least TV man. It's right back at about over the screen, Mon, Carolina Edmonton, 8pm tonight. And I sure if they don't burn the city up no more. They're eminent. In burn the city up, but they got a lot of control again. Those, those Alberta fans, man, act a little more civilized like we do here in Toronto, a no wonder everybody hates Alberta and says catch a wand. And I'm a little red next out there. They give new, they give new menu that term tau poke in Alberta. Oh, they got that great Canadian beef man out there in Alberta. I think somebody's got a little, uh, got a little nuts. 1194 votes. Oh, full. Gotta be careful. Now, what you say these days, go mad. Man, I'll say it. 567. 0560. Come on. Let's get these gold sizzling. I realize there's nobody in town in the course of the rain in cats and dogs in a minute. Let me look at look at that radar. That is the neatest freaking radar. What do you got? Where'd you go? I went to, if you Google, Miami radar, the very top one. And it takes you to the National of the Survey and the Hands to Rate our Image. That is the neatest damn and you loop it, you know, you do the all loop to the loop to loop? I'm looping it right now. Do I sound a little loopy? It's, uh, it's pretty generic. I mean, no, it's not. Top of the line about this. I just like it. It's better than they used to have, but how come it's not moving? No. Yeah, that's why I'm saying you're supposed to, it, it works as loop. And now it's taking me out. Well, wait a minute. It's having problems as well as still it. Oh, there it goes. Just loop it. Loupy. It's not, it's still got a long way to go. I think you're okay. I think you guys will be long gone by the time where these starts coming cast and bugs. But later on this afternoon tonight, look out. Gonna get some heavy duty rains if that baby keeps going. There's a big band there in the gold coast in the Gulf. Got it? No. 567.0560. Pots, you get Ruth Chris on Thursday. Oh, our homies today. And I'm sitting here just with my thumb in my ear. Taking these great calls so I will say that. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. And then we from the Dale Beatons and good to the Cree worst in Berlin, no less. WDQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Went on your website and heard a little song about your in A hole with all of the political commentary that is excellent. Yes. And actually the part that says you're an animal with the best part of it. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's all. Oh, good. Good call. WDQAM. Hello. I have no match. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah, Neil. You can sit or do any old families. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. Nothing will be fine in the cup and Caroline and Neil. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I want to comment about the latest round of anti drug commercials on TV. Yeah. They got the commercial. The guy said there's got a hand in his mouth and the woman's narrating says yesterday my friend told me that's smoke pot. Today they told me to stick my hand in my mouth. What the commercial is that? Is that going to stop anyone from taking drugs? The stupidest thing I ever saw. Stick his hand in his mouth? It's stuck in his mouth. He's in like a doctor's office. Oh, I see. I see. I see. Otherwise he's trying to show how stupid he has to be to the smoke pot. I see. Yeah. Well, it's a little esoteric, you know, for the average pot head. I can tell you it didn't work very well. Didn't work for you. I mean, he's 69 minutes. Tommy said he's got a big fat one lit up there right now. It worked up a good appetite for Thursday and so only Monday. 69 minutes he can imagine how much he's going to smoke two day and Wednesday. Still two nothing for the check. We probably can only got like what? 21 minutes left. Plus the extra time. They're taking their time. Extra time. Seriously. It goes to show you man. They can make fun all they want about anything in America and rightfully so with votions charge and all these Nazis. But when it comes to sports, I will say this and especially the brits. But not only the brits, you look at this cricket and soccer and squash, what's squash? Hurling. I don't know. It's squash. They play with one of these strange orange yellow balls. I don't know. It's against from China. Do you ever see a strange yellow ball? Yeah, but anyway, I don't know what it is, but you heard of it. Have any of the number of the squash? I eat squash. I'm not talking about eating squash. I'm talking about the sport. It's again. And like curling. Well, with all that we expect from my Canadian buddy, zero curling, come on. But football, give me the NFL. I was talking about real sport. Of course, basically, you know what they invented basketball? Were they invented? Yes. Oh, that would be here. No. Canada. Stop it. How much you want to bet? The Canadians invented basketball. They can't play it with a crap of the invented. That's, uh, it's in seedless learn something. Or it's everyone's learning. There you go. When you were my spindle, get together for that trivia show starting next Monday. 27 past one at five, 60 WCM. If you were a cigar smoke, we'd like to kick back with a good fat one in your mouth like Tommy does. And be here cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These are to find cigars made with first grade tobacco, processed in aged up to 10 years. In fact, I'm aging up to 10 years just doing a show lately under this new age human. Especially when it sales department and these bozos, they would know copy from your ass. But he is a real boutique cigar maker. Specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he a gold flagship line. It's an 91 rating by cigar fishing, not a cigar insider. And 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body Nickarag with cigar has got earthy hints of dark rose coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. Also be sure to try the behavior of the sale. Did the sale is the hottest release of the last 10 months. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing, not a cigar insider. And they know their crap. It's a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and a note of chart wood. If you want to save 40% off on the cost of your behavior cigars, when you call tell them that Neil Rogers told you to call and when they finish laughing, they'll take care of it. They'll give you 40% off. Call 135 Vihia. That's 1 8.5 VAHI. A. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 V. Holy Macanah. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Gaugh. It's the story of a man that is super into the message. What is that? It's some kind of code. Tom Higgs stars in the voice code. It's just somebody tapping his finger. No, it's something more. And I'm going to find out what it is. It's the film, but no one knows how to decipher anymore. The voice code. It's the East Arts in Russia's name something. Yeah, they mean time to invent the telephone. You will be asking what has gone wrong and where can I get a refund of the voice code? What did the S1 is for? 133. If I was 16. We got 127 votes. Are you amazed? That's a lot. There's so much stuff going on today. Or do you mean by that? We said the food coming in 30. We got the heat. We got planes blowing up for Christ 6. It was a big fire that oil tank went Oklahoma. It was a lightning. I think God is just pissed off of what it boils down to. Oh God. He's just sticking his fingers all over the place. Coz all of this crap to go on. He works in mysterious ways. And his Radlax's hot baby is Radlax's hot. From 170 votes, the woman I despised the most is and quilters. He still got over 50% of 619. 50 almost 51% for that bitch that hateful cow. Condolese at 161. Have a reclet in 13. Or for a 77 speaking of cow. My S.Y. 61. I hate this full 50. Nancy Grace 36 Fram. Barbara Bush 20. Joyce is only got 17. Oh my God. I guess you got a tough competition here. My mother were all 16. We did cost me 13. Fill a shoe fly at 13. Star Jones 10. Rosie O'Donnell 8. And Barbara Wallace only got 3. I'll just set out of my nobody see that old bag anyway. Who now watches the view? Our audience here is all don't. Much of much of desperate fat shut-ins watched the view. That's true. 5670560. Pound 560 in the horizon singular wireless lines. We got the curtains coming up at 2 mad dog at 4. We got UM baseball at 659. UM and Ole Miss. It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud. Whatever that means. Here's that song. Not until today. 100 years before you were born. And any K follows you in baseball which is like a death wish. 5670560. Let's get these. What's that to Lake K's? Who's up? You'll see. WQAM. Hello. And more breaking news. Ben Ross was further crash to White up and Pittsburgh. But then it's head off the door. Oh no. Can you believe that? Wouldn't that be bad if that's really true? Ben Ross's further crash to his bike. It's 3-0. Oh no. The news keeps getting worse. Oh my god. Oh my god is only this. This is done. This is finished. 3-0 for the Czech Republic over your USA soccer team at the World Cup. All my god. I wonder whether they're playing this game. I mean obviously it's somewhere in Germany. I wonder where is it? Is this one in Nuremberg? No the Iran game was in Nuremberg. Where are you going? Berlin. Have you ever heard of that? Each being on Berlin? Have you ever heard of Berlin? No. You'd like it there man. You would like it there. I guarantee you that right now. I would like it a lot of places in Europe. I'm telling you like it there. You have never seen so many beautiful women in your life. And guys, the people there are is I'm just telling you right now. And friendly. People over 40 those stay away from them. They're still doing with the goose stepping. I'm just telling you man Berlin is there. And of course thanks to the fact that we bumped into a building at the end of the war that they had to rebuild the whole city. So it's really modern and sparkling and oh upscale great food like a German sausage man. 560560 pound 560 and they've arrived in Siggeter, Wallace line. One of these days man when you hit the lotto. You make the rounds just starting Amsterdam and you'll hop out of plain you'll be in Berlin in less than an hour. You win George. WQAM hello. Two am. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. It's too. That's Ross and Burger. He's out. He's in. He's not he's not dead. He's not dead. Okay stop with a crap. Next he's going to be told us about Katherine Harris' plain crash. You think Ben Ross's burger was in some Google it? I'm okay. I was waiting for the I'm watching he is pinned for the bottom line to hit me NFL. Yeah. It'll be on there on you know a couple minutes. Well, when you meet a couple of minutes we don't have time. I'll do it. I'll go go go go go go go go. Google it. I'd like to see where you're going to steal Rothers burger. NFL news. How about some NFL news? Can you Google that? NFL.com. If he had some kind of a mishab I guarantee it'll be on NFL.com. In fact it didn't even say cure of filters the antichrist. He was injured in a motorcycle crash Monday morning and take to a hospital. He was alert in conscious. I'm looking hang on. I'm reading. He was alert and conscious. Yeah. That's well that's not the new. I just wasn't conscious. Okay shut up. Sure. That was the brainstem. That sounded like long. Yeah. And that was a shot. You're calling the brainstem Dave Weinstein? I said it sounded like a man. Sure. I've got a show. I'm sorry. 1223 votes and Barbara Wallace only got three. They love Barbara. What's the leave her alone? They like bras with a speech defect. World enough to be their grandma. 567. Med Rathlas Vergar was involved in a motorcycle mishab okay he's not dead meat he's not dying over there he's conscious he's like like that he ran into a car and went into the windshield. Oh my god. I'll be damned. I always study at a good hand in his shoulders not in a mold. 3 nothing in the world cup. You're right this is a pressure pack day. I can't believe it. And we've already passed the 80 minute mark. This game on a poor look at that poor check guys. Laying around the ground holding his knee all four baby. How would a man if you can't beat him kick their ass play dirty start gooing it up. That's what the pants is always used to do. You can't win again gooing it up. WQAM hello. Yeah that's a tough. WQAM hello. QAM. Yes sir. We play the head of the Saturdays. Let's let's follow up. You support up with the USA soccer team. Yeah. WQAM hello. No. Yes sir. What have happened to Susan Gray in her fish story? Susan Gray? Yeah in her fish story. Who was Susan Gray? You never heard of her? No. She tells him good fish story. Okay well I'm really happy to hear it. WQAM hello. How many times did you say that? About 30 man. QAM hello. Now that's a 567. 0.560. I thought maybe they could keep a goal right till tour class so I wouldn't have to go into my pile. I don't think they can keep it up till tour class. Our trip really destroyed about that and US was right number five in the world and check her public number six. But I guess that's going to change pretty quick. They're coming right up to the 82 minute mark. It's picking up the stands. What are two USA fans already banking for the exit? Oh no. They still got seven minutes left man plus the extra time. They can stick to me those in there before you. Yeah not no chance. It's stuck. Almost as bad as the heat. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes sir. On this up. WQAM hello. Susan Gray says not. Okay Susan Gray. Do you have any of any any of any of the who Susan Gray is? Huh? No. He tells him Gray's story. That's what I heard too. WQAM hello. Hello. Do you want to say you want to say to her too? Oh. WQAM hello. WQAM. You'll fuck you. Well here you go he must be one of those US soccer fans. This dolphin riled up. Yeah really all whipped up. Well give it a shot pal. I don't think it's going to work. This is new Roger. That's a mix. This is by 62. This is an ABC news special report. I've asked for a few minutes of your time to discuss the reform of the Marquis immigration system. Mexico is our neighbor and our friend. America can be an open door to the future. The borders should be open to criminals, drugbears, and terrorists. The men and women of our border patrol are doing a fine job. And over the past five years they have apprehended and said home about six people in a manor at the illegally. And most are sent back home within 26 years. Thank you and good night. I've been in the US can't score, but they sure came, who did up just after I said they made their smashing guys across the head with their arms and nothing gets called because they got to keep that clock running. You know well, dude. Yeah, that's what they're doing. If you can't win all or come up to that 90 minute mark and then a little bit extra time. And we're stuck on shut out. We're like a light wash. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So let's get this. All right, just give a back and that's what it's like. It's not a time of waiting. So the goal is to need check the bucket. We're in a time added already, baby. It's all over, but the shout-in-all. Tell over, but the shoot-in. Well, now let's see if they do any better on the replay. They did last night. They think they might win that one. You think we're going to win today? Let's give it a shot. Let's see, 413 and the Raptor's team. I put the 942 Maddox. Looks like they either get a bushwack again. Looks like bad news. 567. 0560. Let's get a few of these stellar calls in before time runs out. Got that weather alert going on man. Got our possible hurricane up in the Gulf. Playing crash in Tampa. Just all kinds of grotes. There's that ugly Chad Myers again. I guess they don't have to worry about it now because the rain is coming down. There'll be a lot of rain. The problem is if you have an 8 inch rainfall deficit, you can't make that back up with one 8 inch rainfall because half of it runs off. It doesn't really count to regenerate the groundwater. It doesn't really count for parts of Florida here. There have been two reports of tornadoes on the ground this morning and a couple of very large cells. Anytime you see the red around your area, you do want to keep it advised. You look around if you see the red around it, you're going to have real tourists coming. Maybe 560, 0560, 0560, 0560, or rather than say, you're wireless line. What are we going to do about that? And that you are soccer team, damn it. Things have started to go so little bit. WQAM Hello. You need to go ahead and get Canada. WQAM Hello. How to go with the fish sticks? WQAM Hello. QAM. Roger, Hebrew, how would you stir? WQAM Hello. It puts you as soccer team in the basket. Yeah, let's put your acid in a basket. WQAM line 9. Hello. Mr. Rogers, I wanted to thank you for the representation of American history. Yes? Excellent. Look, be careful. Yes, it is. I didn't see the end coming though. I thought they were going to get the, I didn't think we could get the younger brother in the end. Don't give them a gophing given away the ending is now, okay? Don't think given away the ending is a movie that's bad. And nobody will watch it. Shmuck. WQAM Hello. Well, we used to keep left of soft load of food. WQAM Hello. Fawbley. QAM I knew they couldn't do it all. We'll do it. Fawbley. For a while, they had to stay in a spiked out. I know they couldn't do it. Either they were out of practice man, they're out of training. See we went from almost no calls to like looking for a heavy call sweet this week. They just can't do it. Automaterial like they've been for like how many years now. I've heard him man. 30 years. WQAM Hello. Very time. WQAM Hello. New. Yeah. WQAM Hello. God. Third. Shalp here. WQAM Hello. God, the crazy thing. They're out now. I'm dead. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. He ran out. Yeah. It tastes like a no one baby. Wow. Remember when they got to and cook with this when they went fishing, when they got to escape, they got to hijack the bus. Yeah. Any other than that big boat and the old one fishing? That's what it's kind of like today. And he can just give all those guys a selfie. Right. WQAM Hello. Those ingredients that weren't delivered. Yeah. Well good. WQAM Hello. Yeah. I think the heat is really out for some bench in this time around. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. And then maybe in the best call today I like that. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Yeah. You needed all right. A good blueberry animal sounds good. We'll tell you where to stick this. Cube. Wow. WQAM Hello. I love the smell of my own blood. Well good, I'm glad to hear it. QAM, hello. See how I got it correct you. Yeah. It kind of worked. That's right. It's a big shot. Tell me the QAM, hello. Thanks. Don't fall off. Mmm. Talk about week. Man, oh man, this is the last story we've had here. It's on it don't get no weaker than this. This is the lightning round. Yeah, this is the sad lightning round. One of the all time worst. Tell me the QAM, hello. Yes sir. I got to quick stories about how precarious our freedom is and this so called free country. My friend was at the Miami courthouse about a week and a half ago for a child custody case. There was a research for the child while he was waiting around. Some guy told the cops that he was one of three men that abducted him five months ago closing his police officers. They arrested my friend on the word. It's scumbag. It's never seen my friend in the life. See there we go. Can't say that. Not sad. That's very nice. I would have been talking actually his Georgia drop and hit the table. I mean because we had a dump that. Yeah, you know you couldn't say that. I don't want to say s-bag. That ridiculous. Ah, Tommy knows this ridiculous. Josh, court knows this ridiculous. You know, Roger knows this ridiculous. Everybody listening out into clean little children. Oh, it's ridiculous. But Joe Bell and Clara's there all. They don't know this ridiculous and that's because Joyce don't know it's ridiculous. We can't say, debag. We can't say s-bag and you wonder why I'm like psychotic. Who would have we don't? We couldn't have we can't say those. Yeah, well we can say scumb as in, you know, like when you put the chicken soup in the uh, refrigerator overnight, the container and you get that later scumb on top and we can say bag is it's in the bag boy. But we just can't say them together. See that is they get a real good education. We haven't heard this week seeing how low that they've uh, and they've just they've taken all the way. Am I turning by the way after that great one hour meeting on Friday reports that Clara's there was a handsome young man. We're the equipment don't work. Yeah, that's no way. So, you want to get married? Let me give you some advice. If you want to be a holy, vulnerable, or a single life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. Yeah, that's just a miracle. If you wish, why both of them are a good, or a single life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. You should never marry a Jew. If you wish, why both of them are good. I can't pick up anything else. All she ever wants to do is shop. She got credit card in the list. Show us no interest at all in six. She only came about your bitch. You are never gonna get late. You'll be better than you make it. If you want to be a holy, vulnerable, or a single life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. Yeah, that's just a miracle. If you want to be a holy, or a single life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. You should never marry a Jew. When your honeymoon is finally through, there are things you never gonna do. You only came about your nails and hair. And I'd love to bet about what's down there. You are gonna feel like the smuck, because you're never gonna get to. But now how it feels to be, you're in a big breakfast and set a birth seat. If you want to be a holy, or a full rest of your life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. Yeah, that's just a miracle. If you want to be a holy, or a single life, always make it your wish. And you know why both from the time personal and no different. You should never marry a Jew. You're married. Okay, so I'll ask you to do. We miss a spot there or something there at the end or is that just my imagination? I think I just forgot to hit the plus on the rejoin. Also, it was yours, your bad. And here, blame it a crappy equipment that we got there. You're gonna be a big hero. Yeah, the equivalent sucks. Anyway, so a 124-8 votes on a pool. The woman that I despised the most. And colder man, there's nobody even close to that bitch. That's sour. That 639 votes, 549%. Kind of leaves at 164. Hello, we've Clinton 115. Let me see, is the game over now? I'm sure the game is over, isn't it? I'm looking. Well, let me take a poock at it. I'm sure the dancing is over. Three now for the checkroom public, they're busy. They're talking heads of talking. The sports talking heads all done. Up for 77, my XY61, I hate this pool 50. Nancy Grace 37, BAMS BUSH 22, Joyce 19, my mother-in-law 16, really caused me 13 for the shoe fly 13. Rose Yodan 11, star Jones 11, and Bob was still only got through. Bye, bye, bye!