Alright, time for Neil, we come in. He will take you up till 2 o'clock, can vote for him. Maybe for him today. Kim's turnin' in the barrel today. Maybe not. I'm dealing with this phone thing. What's my phone pot open? Wait a minute, let's see. I hear you. Oh, and I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about the phone, man. The phone, man. Uh oh. Geez. What's going on here? Uh, again. Uh, work you in, check your ol' hijacks and it's gotta be on that end. I can't do what it... It's anyway, huh? Oh, today. Yeah, just another day in Paradise. Somebody... Oh, yeah, I'm sorry I brought that up. What the hell is this thing on? It's not bad enough. We got the Cronomar before the ballgame. That's not bad enough. So you go to, right? Tomorrow, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Wednesday and Thursday, we go to the 1230. I want to clock games. Yeah. There was an afternoon game. Hmm. What a life. Yeah. I used to lead that life. Yeah. Right. Let's see if that phone... No, the phone's not going to work. Keep getting a message up. I got a problem on a sand. Anyway, uh, what's that thing on Friday with David Samson? What's all that? He's going to host the show. Get out of here. I'm not getting... I'm not going to host the show. I'm at the Arkansas Derby. Stayed at the Marlins with David Samson? No, it's not stayed at the Marlins. He's just hosting the show. Stayed at the Union? No, it's not stayed of any show. A little twerp like that. It sounds like Mickey Mouse on helium. Get out of here. When I'm not here, I'm going to start inviting people to come in for a day. Yeah. Let's... let's... let's... let's... let's... let's get all my teammates. Let's... let's... let's... let's... let's call it sure. Good idea. How am I? Brow you? This phone ain't got a word for it. It's called an Akella Workboy. It's called Miguel's Workin' Today. That's... they won't take any calls again. They said you're in. That's not gonna work. Let me tell my end. You can do a crossover with him. Oh my, look at this. This is totally screwed up. Oh, what was that? I can pick him up. What do you mean you can pick him up? Punch up an empty line. You're just putting it on the air. He's not gonna work on this. Hello? Hello? I can't. Oh, this is... This is like one of those phone calls, where he has a lady. Can you hear me? Hello? The usual skewer. What a way to start the week. Yeah. There's another skewer. That's a lot. Yeah. One time error assistant producer, type mismatch. Type mismatch. What does that mean? You don't match your go with us. Well, why don't you change us from VV1 to VV2 or DV3? Sure. How about DV3? Mashed hitter time. I like the idea, Rao and Martina. I clicked DD2. Oh wait, but maybe that didn't. Maybe I just fixed it. Let's see. Oh yeah. Oh, don't sound too promising. They're all in it. But at least I just fixed it. Oh my, a genius or what? Good, God. Oh, God. Yeah, I got to do all my own technical maintenance too. Can you make out calls? No. Oh. I went away from the table. I'm going to give you that. That's got to be a joke. You're just due to student that to aggravate me. I shouldn't tell me that he's hosting the show on Friday. No. Oh. He thought Bow was terminal in the morning just doing it. Bow's on the Saturday. Oh, look. I said he's good. But David Sambs is only doing it once. Oh, in other words, that once isn't going to, oh, brother. I'm going to give people a shot. Yeah, come on. I'll give you a shot. Hey, David. And by the way, I see Barry. Did you see Barry's call me yesterday? Yeah. He's only 10. He's become. No, he's not a pimpy. He's ripping them in ass. I like it. Nice going. Very. You're the man. I didn't really get that. A little peanut butter and jelly on his blow me sandwiched today. I saw a lot of excuses in there. No, that's just that. But here he's ripping the fans. I like the impomerous quote. He says, you can't expect fans to come when you don't have a viable major league team. It's a sad story. Right. And he was in his underwear when he said the two Jim Palmer. Wherever he was, he was running. Now he was in somewhere Palm Beach County. Yeah. Yeah, that's where he stays most of the year. But David Sance and your buddy that's doing a show, your partner in crime now says it should be embarrassing to Floridians when attendance is announced as low. Well, just like the panties, it's make up a number. They do anyway. Just announced 40,000 ever again. Even if there's like 3,000 people there. It would be very disappointing if we don't throw a minute in people to see your people say, what can we do? The answers you need to come to games in more numbers. If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not. Because the team sucks because it's a little team. It's all four of its first five games. That's why David. Because you had another fire sale. And you guys, man, you see, you want to think about the public is that they've had it up to their earlobes. With billionaires always crying. But Bill the Sustain. Why don't you come and say that? Don't you want to come to the games? No. And we don't. The number they're using on a stadium. Now here's the thing. We're Sarah. It's very. And a thousand on Wednesday for the second home. Here's the thing with the writers down here don't get it. Because they keep talking about this 300, 350 million for a stadium. The one in Washington is going to cost 600 million. The New York is going to cost 800 million. So where are they coming off a 300 million? The guy don't come. It's 6 or 700 million that the taxpayers put it to Bill. And then they sold it to Rogers cable for 25 million. By the way, in one of the New York papers, it says talking about Charlotte and San Antonio, that Major League Baseball, which we've been telling people right along is apparently expressed concerns to the Marlins about San Antonio's viability as a major league market. And the mayor of Charlotte said he doesn't believe the city can support a third professional team. We're not ready if the Marlins see the same numbers. We have you quite good. You can move to Buffy. Why they're interested. Do you know that the bills are in big trouble? The bills are under verge of on the Buffalo news on Friday. They were like up and arms. Because if the new NFL, they collected bargaining agreement. If they don't get more help for the small market teams, bills may have to fold. It's hard to believe. But that's what they were saying. That would be hard to believe. Well, believe me. They were just making it up. They were like foaming it to mouth. They were apoplectic. I mean, that's the whole, you know what? That's baloney, too. No, it's not baloney. It is. Okay. Well, first of all, very jackass. It looks like peanut butter and jelly, but it's baloney, Barry. The entire NFL can't even tell the difference. The reason those teams can survive a barrier on moron. The reason those teams can survive is because I saw you Saturday at the book by the way. Oh yeah. Looks like you were freezing your ass off. I was. It was like a brown like a like a babushka. Maybe we were like, who was up there? 33 degrees. Yeah. And raining. It was drool. I don't even know the name of the horse. I know it was Bob Baffard and Bob and John. Here at Goldman, it was the jockey, but I don't know the name of the horse. Bob and John. See that's the thing with the rubber racing man. A quality of horses is so bad last so many years now. Get a lot of these phony baloneys. You know, smarty ass Jones, all these other wannabe. This is a nice horse. I wouldn't mind. I hope you're right. I don't think he's a horse. They're under Santa need a derby. That's a special horse. What was that horse's name? Brother Derek. Oh, Derek. Yeah. Same name after our friend Derek. Maybe that was the one that Derek Gomez was writing. Oh no. Wait a minute. No, no. Derek Gomez was in New York. Now, how come most of the great jockey's now in California? We're just thinking this before you came on. So least, so least rise brother Derek. Oh, does he really? Yeah. We don't Alex. He can't lots of tickets on Alex's to least in highly aback in the day man. 100 years ago. I'm going to be a good york and so there'll be this week. And I remember saying to you before last years, was it the derby ruffie L. B. Harano, I said he's the hottest duck in the country. Yeah, that's all. And little tracks and Kentucky. He won five races at San Eda on Saturday. So we said it. Huh? Six. Including four in a row. Yep. And then he won a big race. He had a huge, he was a great jockey down here this one. He wrote a gulstring. Well, there you go. Did very well. I'm not that annoying thing about it, but I just saw he won six races at San Eda. It's quite a accomplishment on a Saturday card. It's pretty good. It's an accomplishment. Anyway, right. The record left me pink. I had seven. Yep. But neither one of my brother. So Jerry Valley wrote six one day at Galshinman Florida. Who did he date? Jerry Valley a few years ago. Victor Molina? Victor Molina. Or Julio Pizzua once. No, Gary Baine. You're fading out again. Oh, Gary Baine. Oh, yeah. No, man. Jerry Valley. I'm Florida Derby Day a few years ago. What was it? Jackie was on low the Dutchman. Who? Low the Dutchman. A horse that used to go out first quarter in 21 and change. That was 100 years ago. See, how many go at his horse racing again? I did was mention I saw you on TV Saturday and you looked like you were freezing your Ansa. I was. Is this a replay? Yeah. Although the Arkansas Derby now who's going to be in that? Lawyer Ron. I just bet him at 12 to 1 when the Kentucky Derby. Really? And there's another horse I like in there. Who's the trainer on that horse? Bob Holfis. He's been trainer. He's very good. Bob Holfis. He's got a special poultice that he puts on those quarters. Exactly. And there's another horse in there. Keep an eye on, quote, step in the wolf. Really? Big long shot. I heard he was born to be vile. I can't believe I fixed his phone. I am so proud of the lines. What was he in that? Listen, listen. How about this one? Oh, it's going to be quite a show today. I'll tell you that. It's good thing you're going to huge pile of stories. And that people take to my calls. It's a quality of phone line. Go set off. Good. That's not Florida for you. Pay to the nose and give you a crap. Good news for you is you're not doing too well in our hate poll. You're like in mid-pack. You're not, they're not dump it on you. Oh, they hate. They hate Rick Sanchez still. These are the, I put all the names I put on here are like, broadcasting related people from South Florida. Rick Sanchez 104. Joyce has got 64. No. Oh, they hate Joyce. Dan LeBastard 45. A Steve Mr. Ego came 31. George 27. You only got 23. You're like way down there. Casting over 21's a gacky for a team. I got seven. Greg Weeds got six. Thuck to a Reynolds 2 and Joe Bellbone haven't yet. Cause they don't know him yet. Yeah. They don't know him like I do. A live hoated for Dan LeBastard. No, no, who the hell I voted for? Hmm. So Rick Sanchez, even though he's on CNN, they still hate him like poison. And just pray that he never comes back. But I wouldn't be surprised if he's in illegal alien. This sentiment is an asset. How about some of the local weather people? Like, you have no problem. Miss, Miss Kamal. Yeah, but he's kind of tied up at the moment. Yep. You have no, you have no more cross on there. No, why would I put Brian Norch cross on there? What tell she got to do with this? Okay. Sorry. God. Hey Brian, you're not even on there. You know what? What are you going to do about it? I don't know. I don't start adding more names on here. Okay. You know, the fact the only TV guy I've put on there was Sanchez. Because I knew that they were just Jones and cast a hostile vote. They're just hostile in general. Hey, if you get a couple of minutes. Hatses are eliminated by the way. Just in case anybody missed it. They won't last that a meaningless game. But they're done. Yeah. Hey, you got to get you a copy of the Darren Dalton interview. You remember Darren Dalton? Yeah. We actually do. We was the catcher for the Phillies with that hot wife. Yeah. And he also played for the Marlins. Right. On there with Jamwich and right. The first one. You got to listen to the interview. I'm just. We'll get it for you. Why? He talks about his wife's boobs. He talks about the surely McLean type stuff. I certainly don't know if it's the end of the world. He's in to hear some people about the video to go on to another plane of existence. Right. All right. So what happens when you take too many showers with the guy? Are you ready for another existence? Wow. Well, maybe he had a David Samson in another life. For me, that course, he was back in the Wayne days. You can do a crossover with David on Friday. Yeah. That's a good idea. I'll do a crossover with David and tell him a little. Torpeas. If you look up Torpe in the dictionary, he sees picture next next to it. Hey, David, you're a Torpe and you got a stupid mouth and be knocking the fans. First of all, let me just tell you right now. You show us, for sure. You'll see. You go ahead. Listen to me. Yes. South Florida is a football. It's a dolphin town at period. That's it. Dolphins house. Not even a football town because the Keynes used to draw like 18,000 until he started Wayne championships. They don't throw a fly as when they play whatever you know, let some girls go. It's strictly a dog. That's it. The heat are drawn and as soon as he hangs it up, that'll be the end of that. When he starts going south and teamerly sucks, they're going to stop supporting them too. Pants who don't draw flies and the Marlins aren't going to draw flies anymore. It's not a sports town in the first place, so you put like a little league product out there. They're not going to show up. I went to the Pantheon game. There is no passion. There is no passion. The only thing there's passion in South Florida is for the early bird dinner and for a hate. Those are the only two things that there's any passion for. Believe me, I've been doing this 30 years in this town and I've learned that lesson. That's all I care about. Early bird dinners and hate. Period. And the end of the dolphins. Of course, they got to Dante's cul-peppers big deal. So what's going to happen in Ricky Williams? Is he going to be hanging out? I don't know. Today he goes to Big Fat when he's rolling out. He's rolling up the sports section and he's looking to Big Fat. Today he pleads his case. This is really. Yep. Now, he's doing a pdf. Yeah. Well, no, I don't know what he's doing. Every David Samson is going to be doing a pdf on Friday morning. I still can't get over that year. This has to be April Fool. The late April Fool delay action. No, it's got to be. You're going off to do the Arkansas Derby. We're putting David Samson on here. I know we're desperate. I know we got Crow on it. I'm going to be for the Marlon game before the home opener. But that just David Samson. He may scaldy sound like Westbrook fan Voorhees. Yeah, you know it's true. Oh, God. I think people will want Samson. We sure got some good voices on this station. I'll tell you that. Oh, not. Let him our test is on all over the place. You got guilty on it. By the way, the poll we did on. Where the hell is it from over the weekend? Who they want from two to four? guilty even Reverend Jones beat out guilty. That's how you want to put those guys on when I'm away. Yeah, that's a good idea. All these when you're off on these investments. How they's doing these horse races will just. We'll just start at the top with the subs and the Curtis and the Biggo and Reverend John. I'm just going to bring in some people. Yeah. You know, that'll be an improvement. People who are the audience knocked it on there. He might want to get a shot at. Put your close friends on. I'll talk about that. You're stuck in a Leslie visitor together. There we go. Be better. Be better in David. Samson, I'll tell you that. At least I could do a crossover with Stockton. He's got a sense of humor. I don't think Marlins get about 3,000 people around one's day. So when Samson's on a Friday, I'm going to do a crossover. Say, were you counting the house one by one, David? You idiot? You quizzing. You fairytale. God. This is the new Roger show on Sports. You're not going to get suspended again for these people. I mean, you're putting them on your show for Christ's. I just want to make it clear that you're the guy who's making a World of God. I said, we'll continue doing so. Okay. They put a little team out there and then they had the nerve to rip the fans. Well, if you don't show up, we're going to leave a bye by by already. You know what I mean? Or if you're going to buy a bye, look what time it is. Bye bye. See you. Yeah. The music's pressed on the previous programs. David, Samson. And you're not reflectors of the busy broadcast group. It's cast, advertisers for agencies. Sports great. It's not like a young age is about four gallons of human. Good. Good. Yeah. Waterdale. Sports, we're ready to always welcome you for two days. But you're moving. Oh. Oh. Every job is good. One. Like seven million. Me the boarder run. I hear a protest for the rights of a daily young. They say this law is so cool. Our daily goals. Our Spanish speaking, foreign people. They're going to be great. They got a reason for me. And they even don't do my story. And then they say things lost me. Good enough they just sit on a corner to you to come up. It would change. For life they did and they told me. That's where all so smooth. And it's not just politicians who are playing the form. We're filled with all this emotion that we can't get through. They take the kind of job that we do not want to do. Give them green cards. Make it clean or well shut up without it. Oh yeah they're rallying like crazy even before Lauderdale the baby. They say they're going to be like crazy. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. They don't know what they can say. That's right well they got to admit in people here and come on down. The normally should have been a good example of how many people are living in Squarement, Ebbject, poverty, and America who belong here in the first place. That should have been a real good off Vi opener but no. So there's all these brown folks running around Ayyyyyy. I made brown in the dark or shades of brown. You came in illegal go away. Come forward raise your hand. Just say, I'm illegal and okay. That's how they're going to identify. Everybody come to the front of the line and we'll put your ass on a bus. 10, 16 at 5, 60, W2, and we've got Kim Bo Camp, we're a two mad dog at four Curtis and seven, Eddie K. 10 o'clock. A nice pristine schedule. No ball games today, no Panthers. No marlins. Marlins are looking there wounds after an uneven start. And the W having her home opener and a rather expecting like half of what they had last year. We'll get into BuriesCon. David Samson on Friday morning, where he's going to take a roasting, but he never dreamed in his life. He won't be sad. We did it! A guarantee of that when he finishes 10 o'clock. Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long, especially in the sweat box called South Florida? How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner, the five-star audition to carry your infinity system? And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Morris Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of Tri-County Area families for three, Countham, three generations. As a carrier factory authorized, David Worcester on T-Journey, 100% satisfaction, and that guarantee is backed by a carrier, the people who invented air conditioning in the first place, and have now invented the carrier infinity system. That actually performs a daily diagnostic check, and then adjusted self-remaximal efficiency. To maintain maximum efficiency on your corridor, you're going to wear it, voice, air, and heat comfort club. Twice a year, they'll inspect into an upper system, you'll enjoy a priority same day service, and 10% off on any needed repairs, all of these things, for just... 110 bucks a year. So let you choose a two-speed infinity system with pure on, or a piece of mind audio with a comfort club either way make the noise choice. Call Royce Air and Heat toll-free, 1-800-37707-0075. That's 1-800-377075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18. Bargling. Who the hell are the four-star? The five-16-18. Bargling. Who the hell are the four-star? The nine, on-fox. American Idol. We have the 10th training. I ought to be singing on American Idol. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 참iously. I'm sure it's not hard to discover somebody. Is it New York since 4. What happened until 13 Turn Center. We were shocked. We just gotta burn in. Littleaime. Show them, let's go. Throw them to straining treances. Get a ride on the bottom. I brought them. There's those that I did. aiatt and happy Monday. I'm Ans unanimously. The nei Kate. Okay, says Florida sports buzz. Oh, you think they're buzzing? How low will the crowds go, right, Spirory? Mighty low. After payroll, smashing and relocation talks, the Marlins will get answered this week. Early signs are not encouraging. He says. Not encouraging. I wonder how's that fit where he says, we want the world's series. Where is that? And he said, like, this thing in. Can't find that one. Too bad you're a genius here. Call up to origin, find out where it is. This is Joe, don't go from up to earth. Huh? Where do you find that? The thunder we won the World Series. What is? Well, I guess that's a logical thing. I don't have it, I don't think. No, I'm got that in here. That's probably why I couldn't find it. Well, one more time for you. We won the World Series. Oh, my God. Do you fairy? Do you hear that? Somebody get a butterfly in it to catch those runaway estes on that deal. We did it! Anyway, after payroll, sizing and relocation talks, the Marlins will get answers this week. Rights bury. Early signs are not encouraging the TMS less than 5,000 season tickets down from an Alex 10,000 last season. Just over 22,000 have been purchased for tomorrow's home open against the Padres. The crowd's expected to be half a last year's opener. 57,000 for 05. And when's days 1pm game? 1pm. That means the pregame at 1230. All right. When's the answer today? When's days 1pm is expected to rob about 7,000? Oh, my God. That'll be announced, which means it may be there be like 3,000 people there for the Second Home Indian decision. Of course, to make it a kick-sum series, ask them our against the Padres. You think? Maybe. Maybe not. Yeah. Maybe not. And this is the part that just really pisses me off. It should be embarrassing to forget when attendance is announced as low, Marlins, President David Sampson said, it will be very disappointing if we don't rob Midian this year. People say, what can we do? Like, I'm our team. What can I do? Remember that? You remember that? I'll tell you what you can do, David. You're coming out to talk about it! What the hell is this? David says, what can we do? The answer is you need to come to games in more numbers. If you're not coming, you need to go publicist to why you're not. If the two answers hit on one baseball in your town, that's okay, but I'm not sure that's the truth. They want majorly baseball in their town. That's what they want, David. Not a minor league team. Not a bunch of no names that nobody ever heard of before dressing up in a big league outfits. They want a major league baseball team, which they've had before, and sometimes they get it and sometimes they don't. Sometimes you feel like a nut and sometimes the Marlins were recently during last Just Madling, 1.7 million, 98. A tennis bottomed out in 2,813,000, average of just over 10,000. Last year, the Marlins drew 1.85 million, but average in actually low of 20,2872. I got news for it. The chances of them averaging 22,000 this year on a scale of minus infinity are just that. None. Jim Palmer dressed in his underwear and said, you can't even spread fans to come and you don't have a viable major league team. Hall of Flamer said in the Palm Beach County, in February. It's a sad story he said. As the town hall meeting about passes, the punting of 10 in Samson said, I want to believe it's a location of the stadium or just comfort fans feel. Well, yeah, it's a bad location right there at the county line right off the turnpipe. Yeah, right in the middle of everything. Right. You can't be the product. I know Paul and you guys won't bid for this product. The run you've had is an offseason ticket or it is unparalleled. The run you've had is season tick holders is unparalleled with all this at main. This year, of course, it is the product. Since his very, Samson says South of Wednesday to show baseball the commission, especially they want the Marlins to stay, but even sellouts wouldn't sell the stadium issue. Now, I think sellout is the word. That's what they keep doing to the fans. Wouldn't doubt they sell them out. The Marlins marketing this year is like being entertainment director on the Titanic, very says. Like being the entertainment director for Wayne Newton, but the team will use a few clever ideas, including a scratch off contest and Saturday games with sign jerseys and other items give it 100 weekly winners. Oh, when it doubts scratch it off, that's going to bring on. And it's going to pack them in their man. When it doubts scratch it. One fan asked why the Marlins went off for a buy one, get one free agreement, responded Samson. The airlines who do companion tickets for free are generally out of business. Now, that's a good excuse to panthers. You buy one ticket, they give you like 100. They give you a whole section. Trust me what I tell you. I know as a seasoned ticket order. Oh, hey, you want 100 tickets for a nice game? No problem. Then we can put it down on the attendance. I was at the game last night. Now, I know that. Don't try to tell me they had a crowd for that game because I saw a little bit of it. I mean, it wasn't too bad. It was smarter than I expected, but yeah. It was farce. Maybe 10, 10,000? Maybe. Oh, you're getting really optimistic. Now, you're getting sucked into the hype. I got to tell you, it was a pretty exciting game. Yeah, they kicked some serious answers to the game. They'll be anything to them anymore, so not that they're now almost in their world beaders. Yeah, it was almost good enough for me to continue to watch hockey. Almost. Almost. But not quite. No. Who scored all those goals, by the way? Anybody, you know, no. Only, only, yoke it in. I had two of them. Yeah. You know, I know only. How about Nat Horton, Nathan? I know some panthers now I got. He's no tim h way, I think. He's a racist. Who? Rachel's walking. Oh, I got you. I can't see. I can't see. Well, don't use start with a crap. Now, make sure Miguel Loh hit his hands on those tickets. Okay. That's the one thing. Make damn sure that this spick doesn't get my tickets again. He cherry picked those tickets last year. He left game. That was three years ago. Yeah. He all get out. And he went over to hell. Was you. No, last season. Go. That's easy. Go one pair. Get out of here. You didn't hear that. Go one pair. You scoured to your Yankee tickets. Any team anybody might want to go see you picked all the tables. Any other? I took all the Yankee tickets. Maybe Mozart the Braille. So, Dota Dota. 20 and after 10 a few, I am finally a TV experienced like no other believe me. Comcast digital table with on demand is easy to use as lots to love. And today can transfer only 3499 a month for three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? I'm glad you asked for a start as you can watch a wine variety of movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so. But programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. And don't forget about control. With on demand you can start stop, pause rewind and fast forward programs just using it a little remote. You can't get all these things with satellite. With up to 250 channels, plus on demanding, build your own TV schedule, who could possibly axe for more. And best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtime. Sit back and you wonder how many demands to get along without it. Call today or to Comcast digital cable and HBO or the power of on demand for just 3499 a month for three months. And they'd call 305 Comcast to do it today or in Broward call 954 Comcast. This is New Roger's. This is 516A. Clean Mac and on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. This place is day to day. So. Jesus, no Charlie. Is he related? Ask his brother to brother. Jesus. I know what thought steak is a gay republic. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. He's running for Governor. Cover the road. What? Full after chapter. No, no. Jesus. Charlie Christ. Let's take one by Christian with Peter. We probably can't talk about it. I wonder he was right in the gay world day of this place weekend in Davy. We'll get to that. We had a whole pile of stuff here today because McGill is working. He gets really pissed off. What are we? I'm making a pardon? What? Are you going to be there? You're not going to be there because you're going to be on the ballpark. Yeah, I'll be here the rest of the week. You're going to be one. One day there's being Friday. George is on vacation this week. We've got to spend it again. George got to spend it in the camp. The room we're starting. By the way, Stephen Wisewood was with McGill talking to me yesterday. And he said he was coming up with a team. Pantsy is going to be here in Toronto tomorrow. Play the leaves of the ACC. And Stephen Wise is coming up. He's promised to come over by my place and just kind of hang out. That's what he said. Here's the pull from Friday. 1772 votes. Who should you get the permanent two to four slot? I've actually seen him. Why don't you even know who the hell I am? He doesn't know anything about this station. That would he know. Come again, kid like that. Huh? Listen to this. Show you kiddo. Crazy. So I guess you guys are all coming up. Gildio. Be here tomorrow. I can't wait to have lunch with Gildio. You can appear notes about. Do it. No, no, no. I'm sure he won't be calling me. That's the one good thing about the pan. This coming up here is that rumors no longer with the organization. I won't have to buy anybody lunch or dinner tomorrow. Thank God. So we asked Friday who should get the permanent two to four slot on QM? 1772 votes. Oh, maybe my good buddy Denise Pac-Fan. I don't think they're televised in the game. Who do we have to borrow? Is it a TV game? I don't know. No, no. The last several home games. They are not televised. I don't know what that's all about. Assuming I guess that a whole bunch of people are going to. In fact, they showed the highlights. It was the Tampa telecast with what's his name? From the lightning. What's his name? Uh, what the hell is his name? He's pretty good. The guy that does the lightning games Sean Pickoli. I don't know what his name is. Yeah, that's uh, huh? That's it. Sure. Sure. I'll come up with it. Jim Manage 2 to 4. They said 245. Such a cool man, 331. I mean, man dog makes a lot of sense. Such is not going to get it. Okay. I mean, they love such and sort of why but that's a mood point. I won't listen anyway. No matter what you put in it, 256. That doesn't sound to do that's 14 plus percent. George Rodriguez to 123 is also not going to happen. Curtis 147. Bring back Mo. He didn't see when he was on there. They wouldn't listen. Released if they didn't listen. They didn't market down on their diary. So he's gone. He was requested. An early departure and he said, oh, yeah, see a. 107 say bring back Mo. The big. Oh, oh. 90. Rock solid. Kelly 48 see that even Reverend Jones beats out. Kelly. We've got on over an over the sea. It's like a second endurance contest for the audience. How many bad voices can you endure? I'm sure that's why I think Scott David Simpson on their Friday morning. That's got to be a joke, isn't it? Uh, no. It's got to be. We did it. Oh, my God. It's got the crow 47. He'll be out of our from 2330 for that opening day. I'm sure I'm sure coming up with new lines. Law new line is be sure to have the tapes going. To go along with some of the other classic five six seven. Oh, eight five six. This is a mom. Drop. Problems. I like that. Yeah, me too. Crow 47. I hate this pull 43. Kimbo Bo camp for 38. They don't want to hear him. He'll be on the days. Matter of fact two to four. Because he's near the bottom of the list. Joseph Gackie 20. Or any so-on 17. Almost as many as Joseph Gackie. And Lenny Marquez 11. See, we got a whole bunch of people that don't belong in here. Even to say hello and goodbye. And that seems to be our new specialty. And now that we got this new regime in here, it's like, Oh, you're going to see some big changes in here. Yeah, right. The only changes we're seeing like a lot of changing of underwear. Like when those numbers came out in their last trend. Holy crap. Woo. Six hundred and thirty one votes on today's poll. We'd make that thousand. Josh was saying, I don't think so. Is that right? That's where you say that? He were mumbling it. No. Make sure now hang out of those tickets. Cause I'll give you tomorrow morning. I'll tell you where to take him. I got him. Where to stick him. Huh? I'll pick through like Miguel. I'm a york and tell you right now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Pick is where to take his. You'll pick through Miguel. That's a good idea. Take the seeds out. Who do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody. 134. Well, that's that's beautiful. We don't believe you. But that's at least they don't hate anybody on this list. Rick Sanchez, God but not forgotten man, 126, they still hate him like poison. I hate this poorly 89. Joyce 72. That's who got my vote. Good choice. Joyce, Joyce, fish. Grimes with bitch. Dan LeBancet 54. The hey to Danny Boy. Steve Mr. We go can 37. Don't have any of us. But he should get a lot of haters. George 32. Hank 26. Castro Nova's got 25 old poly. Joseph Gackie 17. Greg Reed 8 and you're a truly eight. 8 too much. George Reynolds 2 and Joe Bell finally got one. I'm sure that's a water Nazi. It's going to ask the risk on here. Means that the vote came from inside the building. When a stranger votes inside the building. Probably the water Nazi, like I said. And we got to do a little phone test because I don't know if this thing's going to work or not. WCW. Oh yeah, it works. Yeah. Yeah. And I fished it. It was that whatever the thing is called. You're a configuration. Kind of a very good configuration. Well, now why was that change? I mean, it had a change on that end. So I had a change it on this end on the. Back to him. I'm in. Oh, it was always a DD2 here. Oh, it was on DD1. It was on DDT as a matter of fact. No, it was not always on. Okay, maybe it changed on this and let's assume that something changed on this and I don't believe it. I did it one way or another. Okay, I won't did it. Courted away New York or article written by investigative journalist Seymour Hirsch, The Bush administration has increased. Plan destiny activities inside a ran and intensified planning for a possible major era attack. They're going to nuke him, baby. He says the Bush administration, my publicly advocating diplomacy or to stop her ran from pursuing a nuclear weapon has increased. Plan destiny activities inside a ran and intensified planning for a possible major era attack. Probably right before the November elections. Maybe like about a month or two before. Gonna nuke him. Then of course we'll make a lot of friends all over the world. Courted former American military and intelligence officials said that Air Force planning groups are growing up list of targets and teams of American combat troops have been ordered into a ran under cover to collect targeting data and establish contact with anti-government ethnic minority groups. The officials say why don't we just take all the illegal aliens over there and let them attack your ran and that's all a good idea sounds like a plan to make. I think so. And it was leaving there. So that's it. The media is the ones that are screwing us all up because they keep talking about immigration crisis. It's nothing with immigration has to do with the people who are legal immigrants and all the history of legal immigration who the ones who came in Ellis Island like a hundred years ago. It's got nothing to do with what's going on now people pointing illegally across the border undocumented illegal illegal. Oh, it's immigration. No, it's not. And if it is it's insanity, which is why we got 20 million illegal's running around the country and got only knows who the hell they are and what they're up to and what they're planning. The officials said that President Bush's determinative nod the Iranian regime the opportunity to begin a pilot program plan for the Spain to enrich uranium. One of the military's initial option plans is presented by the White House by the Pentagon this winter calls for the use of a bunker busier tactical nuclear weapon against underground nuclear sites. One target is Iran's main centrifuge plant nearly 200 miles south of Tehran and the tens which is no longer under IEA. State graduate portally has got underground forest space to all 50,000 centrifuges and laboratories and more spaces very approximately 75 people into service. The number of sent in. Oh, by the way, there's a very famous movie that I saw last night I stayed up till two to morning watching it haven't seen in the years. What's that you wouldn't like it. How do you know? Because it's an Alfred Hitchcock movie you wouldn't like it. Okay, and I can't think of the name of it anyway. It's got the door stage. You mean stored? Were they kidnapped the kid because they see they find out about in the assassination plot so they kidnapped the kid. The last line of the movie is over. We were sorry for it to be so late but we had to go pick up Hank. That was the last. That was right. That was fun. And believe me if you saw Hank on the wood memorial on telecast and said, Hey, pick up Hank. Maybe we were a man who knew too much. Very good. See you just googled it. That's a good movie. You ever see it? No. Actually, it's a remake of Hitchcock's own movie. He did originally like 34 or 36. I'm like that. This was 56. Jimmy Stewart and the door's day. This is in fact that the song was she was singing K. Sirra and she could sing him louder a lot because the kid was upstairs and he heard mommy singing. He came running down. You never saw the man in the mood too much, huh? No, I'll live before my turn. Not you believe me. You would never watch it. Neither one. I'm sure my girl never saw her because it's an English. And it's nothing to do with Cuba. 1042 and 560WQA. Okay, here's a silly question. If you try the pizza and pasta John the Bakers. Well, if you got any brains at all, by now you have. John the Bakers is the best to tell you restaurant this side of university. Drive and now they got two great locations for you. Brand new John the Baker in the Sterling town center on Sterling Road. Just west of Pine Island in Cooper City. And the classic John the Baker in Pemberpines just west of Salmingo in the Home Depot center on Pine's Boulevard. By classically, mainly serve lots of Coca-Cola classic. And don't forget the food is absolutely great. Believe you may. Absolutely unnatible. Huge portions. Everything cooked to the order. Favorite homemade salad tag in Delight. Some of the best pizza anywhere you've ever had in your life. Plus with John the Bakers low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch. You didn't even stay well within your budget. Be sure to ask for the Neil Deal. Here's how it works. It's a large 16 inch pizza. Half dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coats for only 14.75. So be sure to ask for the Neil Deal when you go in. Take out or tie out the end tonight called 9.5.4. 4.3.1. 43.15 in Pemberpines. Or a Cooper City called 9.5.4. 2.5.2.0.0. 9.1. Pizza pasta, meal chicken, parmesan sausage and peppers. All your favorite subs like that. Sloppy sausage sub. Join John the Baker for the best Italian food in Salford and be sure to ask for the Neil Deal when you be called. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Pizza pasta. Tabs of these and pay to all. What's the honey show on the news? Pursum things that I hope were not true. Close the door and lock it real time. Make sure my dish working for the night. Didn't really know what else I could do. Even broke out the heart's free shampoo. Now I'm hoping this will flood me most soon. They'd my cat has the avian. I hope you can see the crow for the night. That's so what it is. Just think about just getting through. We got my post. And I hope it's not a bad idea. I think it's my life. I hope you can see the crow for the night. That's so what it is. Just think about just getting through. Just not a bad idea. Give my coffee coffee see the sea. What about an eating pro for lunch? How about you and me, the probe, the globe? Okay, 10.47 at five. It's the I can't wait till to apply to my man. I'm going to rip him an answer for four hours tomorrow before goes on here. He is absolutely unacceptable as what he is. But as an introvert of any martes, we can agree with that, right? Right. So what is that saying? And of course as far as David Samson is concerned, he's got a voice for television. Well, he makes a movie. He's got a video. That's that thing I'm Friday, man. It's just, it's got to be an April full. I'm not buying until I hear it. I'm not believing it. I bet you there will be a Zinin people tune in just to see if it's a put on. 5.67056. Come on, let's hear why you won't go to the Marling game tomorrow. Certainly won't go on Wednesday. I want to climb. 5.67056 people write all these down in past the long David Samson. And town 5.680 Verizon singular wireless line. WM Hello. I'm demanding a recon on that. Yeah, recon this. Okay. Are you? Yeah. Good. Good. WM Hello. I got a voice. Okay. Okay, there's two birds who are one stone right there. We just took care of a little avian flu problem. Two birds with one stone. 5.67056. Could be like this all week long? Yeah, probably. Oh. What? We can only hope, right? Well, that means it's a more bedtime story. Just to piss off a yell. So tomorrow's just me and Josh. There's no no-tured party in there tomorrow. Oh sure. Can you guys go? Oh yeah. No problem. Okay. In fact, Josh, stay home too. Just have somebody come in open to pot and not allow that. Don't have to be there. I'll contribulate. Look at that phone, man. Maybe the phone's everywhere. You're working with me. Dominic, you way I am? Hey. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like to talk to you. Speaking, this could be our first real call of the week. Yes. No, it's Bruce. How you doing? Okay, Bruce. I am. I'm going to the modern-scale tomorrow. Only because I enjoy opening day. It's festive. And I probably won't be back until Make sure to stay in Antonio. Okay. Maybe they'll give you like a free bus ticket. Yes, I would. But it is. It is the nice one of the very few nice things we have left in my Ami is opening day based off. Well, I see I've never been able to understand that. What's the big, similar? What's the big deal about opening day? I don't, I don't keep that. In other words, if you're not ready to enter the first place, you're not going to go to the other 80-ohm games, let's say the point. The point is, is your, you moved down here. And you have very few little things to afford to happening. Is that for sure, yeah? And it's a nice afternoon. You get off a work at 12. You get over the park around 2.30. And as you relax the rest of the afternoon. I'm losing it up and all. I'm just saying maybe I'm a little mad. Bring a pillow along with the good. Exactly. But they aren't going to mess themselves up because they've got two one-to-clock games following on Wednesday and Thursday. And you're right. They're going to draw maybe 100 people. So that was good scheduling. Wasn't having two months in the middle of a week. And not only, I think the reason they didn't want to do it is because it's tassach and they don't want to play at night and pitted yous off which is most of their crowd. Yes sir. Yeah, that's it. You know how it goes. Okay, listen, have a season that Easter. Yes sir, have a season. Good. 560. So yeah, I think that had something to do with it. Wouldn't you? The scheduling. Because I remember one time the panthers played like, I don't know what it was. I'm rush or shunner or you own kip or something like that. And everybody, all the Jews, of course, the panthers in Broward County. It's the whole 100 people are Jews, you know. What? Yeah. Well, you know that's true. Yeah. Old Jews go to the panther games. They even young Jews. No, no, no, no, go. I'm there except for the players. WDQYM. Hello. What do you expect in sunrise? QYM. Hello. How many? WDQYM. Hello. Yes. Good morning. Yes sir. Just returned from Broward and I took you up on that little pizza spot across the way from the Stustionite Hermany. Was excellent. Oh yeah. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Exactly. I brought you ready for the rest of the day. Did you go to the rest of the day? Yeah, right. Did you go across the street downstairs the, um, I'm never kind of whatever the hell that place is called. No, I did not. Actually, I'm not rich. Yeah, I thought it's called. Oh, yeah, I thought I thought I know we didn't go down. Oh, man, it's that's the best in the city that for my money. That's a great place. Yeah. And then we mows you the over to the pantheon and we had a fine waiter, uh, the outdoor cafe right across the little piazza across from the pantheon. Right. And it was outstanding. We made it all the way up to Fettende on the euro star train. Beauty. Yeah, we had a wonderful time. That's good in the world now. Am I right? And service impeccable. They really have to take care of the people unlike South Florida and the Cretans that are serving us here. Amen. And, and, and, oh, one other thing, a while I was over there. I discovered, uh, what in fact was in the, what was in the, uh, reviews your analysis. He left him a little floater. Sports court in the cup. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixy. Ha ha. Ha ha ha. And, pound five, sixy, and they've rising, singular round sign. They hate your extensions. Like poison. Don't come back to town. They haven't shown. They're going to lynch your ass. How do you like that? What are you seeing more who's talking about a video rating around? Officers will resign. The White House says it's pursuing a diplomatic solution. Right. This will be said with a rack too, but a meat put a loop put them on. They gotta take desperate measures, man. desperate times. And desperate pull results required desperate measures. Let's nuke them. 683 votes. I told her to make a thousand easy today. No sweat. Right. Not too empty duty on the calls, but the votes are poor. And QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to call. I'll give up the master a little bit. Yeah, well, don't waste your time. Five, six, seven, oh, five. What I mean, Jackass. And anybody that watches golf gets call for shrink. Okay, get yourself mental health. There's only one thing more boring and worse and more embarrassing than that. And that's watching people play cards on TV. Oh, it's the poker championship that. Seriously, I'm from your right now. If you're watching people play cards on TV, it's time for Russian Roulette. It's your slow-to-chamber. It's your favorite with the Maryland chambers. And you know what? You would play if you found out how many people really are watching that. What do you mean by that? I'm saying you would play Russian Roulette. I'm telling you, you know that's one of the highest rated, like watching those poker tournaments. You know, I'm beginning to wonder speaking of being on hallucinogens. Who made out this log? Am I in the right hour? Look out. You're at the bottom of the list. Oh, no, I see. I just didn't cross out that break. It's like it's like it's like going to the groundhog day. I'm beginning to lose it. That's because the water Nazi don't make no mistakes on the law. That's why she's leaving. Or could be that everybody hates her like poison. That's why she's leaving. Somebody QAM, hello. QAM. I think it really should have lengthened the rough, not just the overall yardage. Somebody QAM, hello. You're showing awesome. You guys are crossing the floor. Somebody QAM, hello. Hey, not going to be a good morning. Yes, sir. Top of the day to you. Back to you. I studied peace out. I saw your best friend in the metro section of the arrow. Who? Jeff Cohen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. About his pizza is passed over pizza. Yeah. They got a big day, John. Well, I'm happy for him. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Can I speak to Neil please? Speaking. Neil, how are you? I'm running. I just wanted to say, we're definitely going to make Invader on because I saw it on the CVM, the Christian broadcas. Well, I'm that's where they get all the information from. It's from Pat Robertson. So that's, that's, seems to be it. Well, it goes right some time. Right after we assassinate Hugo Chavez, we're going to do a ran. Well, it seems to be a way because they've been right every time. They just kind of steal all this bad nonsense. Well, that's because they got the bat line to the Lord. Don't you understand? Oh, yeah. Thanks, Neil. Remember in Pat Mania, the red phone they got it. Okay. That's just that they got the bat line. They pick it up in the Lord. It's on the other end of the phone. Give them all what for. By the way, to see the Scott who's got the Jesus papers, he doesn't have him, but he's seen him. He's seen him. On Papyrus. I didn't get to see that. I did see the Darren Dalton thing that Hank mentioned. Wow. Oh. Like Tom, but that's what happens with too much Hanky. Thank you with Emma Strippers like that. It starts affecting your brain. That must be it could it be any other excuse or maybe because he got into squatting like that. You know, when you're a catcher, like he was all OZ or you're squatting and the young person has got his hand on your ass. Things like that. Not seriously. It has a I got into squatting. Yeah, that's why you're not going to be doing to the fourth. I'll be silly people out there. Oh, put such a John. I'm not going to do that. It would make too much sense. Plus you don't do his fourth seriously. We got a stick with the purity of his fourth format. Closed clearance at all is forced to their buddies are calling the shots. So was in there this morning assuring me that my paycheck will show up in my box today. I'm time on payday. It's what he said should be no problems. And of course, if it doesn't show up today, it's going to be Josh E. Well, even Miguel's not going to be there. Josh, all by his lunch in tomorrow. You have a great day today at tomorrow. Oh, I'm good. Thanks. No, it'll be you. Solo. Remember to pull in solo. It's going to be Josh. Solo tomorrow. If that checked on show up today, you can take that to the bank. If being a board could do it, you could do it. That's right. Yeah, that's from play lot of bits. In fact, don't even screen him ahead of time. Just listen to him. We can't play anymore. So how do I help my spouse to know? All right. If I don't recognize anything, I'll just... There you go. Joe Bell's got three votes already, all from inside the building. This is New Roger. This is by 162A. Yeah. Everyone. DNA. You're perfect. As you see, KMS. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Have some space off. Like us, like us. Like us and you. Like us, like us. Oh. I... Good. Good. I need a little bit of a cup of toast, to the sprinkle of the cup. Just get a little bit of toast. And then you're a little bit... Oh, my appetite to pan king. I'm a little bit... And then you're a little bit... I really like this dish. What can fill my mind? What can I do? Some of the right stuff is so much this team. Top of up with apples on the sourced keet. And I'm eating. Please believe it. Both digest I am crazy. Then check it out. Look at us. With four tees, nits. But the tees that are meant to be nice and healthy. They're all wasted. Everyone is eating. I'm eating. I need you to get up. I'm going to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. I need to take my clothes off. There's no, there's no, there's no, there's not an iron there. You can need a like, is it, or can I believe it? Can't you, you guys, with no. You're the two. How about you, partner? What'd you say? 700, 200, 400, 700. You know, this business with Masha and with that pacific he can't be in wine. Well, what, what laws do this, as you can't have fatid la, and even maybe like a nice pizza at the pizza. pay off. Who do you hate the most is our poll today, 701, you right, will make a thousand easy. I don't hate anybody, 154, we don't believe you. Rick Sange has 144, I hate this poll, 94, see? Troy's 78, Joyce that bitch, that sends surreal, a victim to Tural bitch. Who would know a radio if you shut 800 to Muppar as, Dan Levassio 59, Mr. Rodrigo Steve came 43, that's double his audience. George 34, Hank 28, Paul Castanova 26, Joseph Ackie 18, Neil O'Loney 10, Greg Reid 8, got to be Greg, Joe Bell is up to three, I think one of those came from a fat boy and Joe Reynolds has got a pair, he's got a small pair. And I think they belong to Bill Marshall. What is it? 703. Kick an ass and I'd pull a man, I told you, zoom in along. 560, come on, and I guess the reason I can't use your will tremendous number of calls is all of the Rogers people are on the buses come up here for tomorrow night's Panther game, right? That's what it is. It's got to be the only part about it at the game yesterday. What? They're going to come up there to Canada. Who said then? People at the Panther team. Same what, they're coming up for the lead scheme, but oh yeah. Well, I don't see my side, wave and hey, how's it going? 8, come on, you know, right? I'm sure the guilty would be called a little bit later on. Probably already you see, right? You hear that? Listen. Here it is. There is the call. What did I tell you? Oh my second power is again, I cannot believe it. It must be guilty making a, gonna buy me dinner at Ruth Chris, if 580 hills up over the hockey game tomorrow. And that's right. I don't invite anybody to dinner, man. Is he also a team he's got remember? I guess everybody associate with the Panther organization must be cheap cheap. We know the knees pop man, all real cheap, froggy. That means there's a package downstairs that call. I probably should put my clothes on and go down to get it. Let you guys handle it. Please put clothes on. Well, what now, what do you laugh about? I'm going to make it my underwear. I got my t-shirt, my bus shirt, sure it's on. You don't think I'll fully code to do this show today. It's beautiful, man. The sun is shining. I think we're going to make like 58 today something like that. It's really great this week. It's say, yeah, 58. It's already 48. It's wrong with that. Not a cloud in the sky. It's beauty. It's going to run around in my box, sure. It's all over the city today. You can finish the show. I'll see you later. It's all beginning with the mountains and the Padre's home opening date tomorrow. Game time is a 405. Pretty game of 330 and before that, we got more floor playman and then Linda Lindellove. 2 to 330. It's talking hardball with a crow for a gate F opening day. Go buy and say, hey, a crow F you at gate F. And you can add a couple more letters on to that too if you like. You know, letters from like famous radio stations like CKLW like that. 5 6 7 0 5 6 you bought can't wait to hear the crow. I might have to stick around after the show tomorrow to the crow. You think? I got your crow. I'm going to try here. Home boy. How about you and me play that? I'm very proud of me. Good blow up. Okay. I'm going to let Locker room in pump pump pump at the big old red blowers in here. Some air, recesses. Oh, all the illiteracy all the time. That's our speciality man. I Q amp people who don't belong in the building much less on here. Well, he won't be in the building. He'll be out there to your ballpark. Maybe maybe they could sign him up again. I bet every take a play on that team. He was pretty good player. You know what? Yeah. It's just pretend he's in Montreal again with a hawk with Andre Dahl. In fact, we here on Red Austin side up again. But he could still probably play pretty good. We'll have the Florida legend team. Yeah. Exactly. I like that idea. So, just that to your buddy David Samson Friday morning when he shows us a little two foot tall ass in there. Maybe I'll step on him. Just step on his ass. Squash him like a bug. Somebody Q a m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey Neil. I've been a happy pass over to you. I actually saw a kosher for Passover. Lot's of in the public said got him right on. Yeah. But you know, they also like to see the little Israeli steward that I used to do business with. Uh, they got kosher for Passover pizzas frozen. Right. Now I'm afraid, you know, when I'm when I was an Israel, I went got a kosher for Passover pizza that got put at my hand and it went right through my fingers. I mean, it was just totally oozed. But I got wooden quick question because everybody minds in the vani had never heard that. Uh, I think they did the Lacky song. Yeah. That Eric Schwartz. No, it's Eric Smith. No, it's a who knows Eric Schwartz. Eric Schwartz suburban homeboy. That Tommy does all those Jewish songs and could be I have no idea who that is. It's just the just a guy. I'll just have to send it to the Jewish. Just some guy would long pay us and, uh, and, uh, Schmacht, honestly. Five six seven, five sixty. Let me just tell you again, be very wary of anybody who looks like they're from the stone age. Okay, just be real nervous about it. Just check out their head year and then run like crazy. Screaming. W2M happy Easter. Good morning, Neil. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. You'd be going any in Canada. W2M. Hello. Q.A.M. Ola. Five six seven, oh, eight five sixty. Neil. Yeah. I just got back from the location and I, uh, I, I, I, oh, God. Oh, God. Take them, take another one. Okay, get my permission. Take a long take a permanent vacation would be good. Five six seven, oh, 60. And I noticed, well, that's right because Josh didn't run in the board today. Miguel's running. Right. See, when he's on, what happens is he kind of like fades out with those. Yeah, did you notice that's not happening? Uh, yeah, that's because you're out running the board tomorrow. He will low. Of course he won't be out of my who won't be calling tomorrow. Not on Marlon's opening day. That would be sacrilegious. Not aero of pace off. That would be bad. W2M. Not line. Hello. I do you have any eyes with this rocky dresses in your wardrobe? Yes. I have a bus four five. Poked that, sir. Solid. Uh, Poked that. Purple ones and a couple of pink. I mean, Minnes. What? I must have been the wardrobe guy. Yeah. Check out my wardrobe. Making sure I'm going to be dressed for the game. We're running for the Panther game. Make sure get all. I put on the zootsuit. I put on Texito. Gay. Bring in all those Panther fans tomorrow. God, it's just going to be packed with we love the Panther that that's so Steve O'Lices really traveled with the team probably not. The tent if he's coming up here or not, he did not. Well, I go over and say hi if he was going to be there otherwise to hell with it. Well, he's from there. So I'd like to post that exactly. That's exactly right. A Stevie Y. I'm going to invite him off to a Ruth Chris while the game is going on. W to Q a M. Hello. I'm a llama. W to Q a M. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. That's going on. That day right there. That was pretty good. One of the better ones. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Yes, sir. Neil. I want to. What are you doing? This is all right. Yeah, I went on that jungle coin to the night. Never I'm going to show him what's dropping her pants showing their ass. I think it's the gay cruise. Were you think? Okay, he thinks he's tracking. I need to look at a mirror. Okay, he's doing the old deep knee bends. Not second in the rear view mirror. I do mean rear back to him. Just to make sure he's been naughty and nice. The jungle queen. Maybe he was at that gay rodeo this weekend. David is last problem. What do you think? W to Q a M. Hello. Neil, what's the difference? Create a Getsky and it's. W to Q a M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What time is King Fish on him? Or have the new look? We be at King Fish. What kind of a comment is that? You pick it on a crow. Crossfish. Crossfish. Crossfish. I said catfish. What do you say? W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Can you talk about those eight people getting murdered and Canada? You mean the bikers do the biker gang? Yeah, he wants to hear about the eight people. The biggest mass murder can even hit me. They found eight bodies bikers. The biker gang. Crazy people. You don't know how that works. Just looking at mirror Valley. Like that. Let's say less people to call this show. I guess 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60. The Verizon be where the bikers baby because they're all evil. Do you ever see any like seen bikers in a remedy? Yeah, I think I bet one get out of here. Who? Maybe one. How we doing on that pool, man? We're going to hit that thousand. Then there's no stop on a sector that anyone know why? It's a hate pool. 7 30 7 100 and not third man. Who do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody 156 don't I believe it's 21%. We're saying says 151 he owns this pool. I hate this pool 99. Well, there's somebody. You know the latest political survey. Yeah. Joyce 81 Dan LaBasson 62 Mr. ego 43 George 36 castred over. Look at Paul castred over. Not third man. Hank 29 Joseph hacking 19 you're truly 11 Greg Reed 8 Joe Bell 3 and jewelry Reynolds only 2 and that's because very few very few people and remember who the hell that is jewelry Reynolds. I bet you need to want to you get along your Miguel with no because you're a radio groupie. You know jewelry Reynolds only from you guys So, as much as you never heard them no I am that hemorrhate. There it is talking about squeaky voices couldn't run the board by himself. It couldn't even open his own mice where she had ever got any bill Marshall that I would be open to Mike for him and like play the cards and whatever. Hold his head up so that he could talk about that thing. WQIM Hello QIM Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'd like to refill my project please. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. WQIM Hello. Yes sir. WQIM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. It's I got I gave it a wrong website about a last week for one for the hybrid motorcycle. It hybrid motorcycle. Yes. I guarantee you don't allow. Yeah. Well, I get it. Yes. Well, I wasted my time the first time and it was nothing about home. I'm not a hybrid or your breed or anybody else's breed. I know I'm I left out the S and if the B B A U M S world.com. The last you go to flash animation. I don't have time. Well, we're okay. Like we're going to take a half hour of the show like to do and it's not going to be there anyway. Pull the same crap last week. Ben George Yes. I'm going to judge okay email it to him. Get the email address from that bits that call 48 times at one day last week. Get it from her. She knows what it is. She's probably still calling her front office. Try to she's calling what's his name. Floater out there to front desk trying to get that email. What's George's email is when she went by the time she called a front desk. She had already a San George an email. God. Nagging nagging hateful obnoxious womanhood. That's why the guys died so much earlier. That's why there's all these old maids. That old maids. What it with us. They kill off the man like 10 20 years earlier. Nagging nagging them to death. That's part of their plan. Yeah. 11 13 at 5, 60, W 2 M. In fact, all you guys out there are like getting in the trial out of your like just whatever you got suspended. Just make sure you don't leave your old bitch at dime. Okay, spend every dime. Go to the go to the track. Pund your guts out. Have a good time with it. You know, software dismissed for its trade shows. You've got boat shows, car shows, vinyl shows, home shows, art fairs, the lore and more. If you're a trade show exhibitor, the one name you need to know is Pubset. Pubset creates the absolute top of the line attention grabbing. Steel customers from the competition trade-todys plays. Call right now, 954, 772, 7275, and Pubset will get to set for a success. When it comes to design printing posters, runners and especially trade-todys plays, Pubset has been the very best for 14. 954, 772, 7275, right on your wrist for Pubset 954, 772, 7275, from design to setup, Pubset can help all your trade-show needs. Rest assured that Pubset will separate you from the competition. Don't look second right, you only get one chance to look great. Pubset is the way to do it. Call 954, 772, 7275, we're going to PubsetSF.com for top-match the design trade show graphics and displays Pubset's the way to do it. Look for my picture on your building, you'll puke your guts out, right along to Xeaiway, just know what's the commercial. Call today, Pubset 954, 772, 7275. This is a new Roger. This is a 516QA. Look, crap, you could unwrap all the slime all the time. And we're talking hobo on 516W2Aam. Call me homie, right here at 567, H-O-O. Oh, 516, uh, call me homie. Let me talk in the sea of Miami. Steve, you know what me? Warren, come on. Well, Crow, what is the marlin's has to do to win the world series this year? What happened? Steve, you want to see? Take out a swing and bat, hit the bow, hit the jikes. Remember, the game of baseball is with the rest in hitting. Who's there, some who's half? 50% feeling, 50% pitching, and doing property of managing. But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me, would you be getting in? Be what? Hey man, hey man, I said, you been hanging. Well, now I'm not hanging, right? Fine, I'll play ball, fets and no baseball. In a darn well-cultuous win half-marson. Did you? Well, actually I- Run away with it. I can't wait. Run away with it, I- Are you in? Run away with it, I'm in the middle of it. I'm in the middle of it. Tell me home. I'm the girl. I'll take G-G. Elements will be. No, it's a gay death, it's a matter of fact. But he's close. That's right. Wow. I think what we ought to do is just play that between 10 and 2 all day. I think like a big buildup for the Croze, a big talk and hardball show. Well, if their connection goes down, I'll tell him where to pull that one. There you go. David says on the facts here, I hate guilty gels team. Please put him out of your place. Can you handle that? Got it. Okay. Yelding's going on. He'll be very well. I'm sure that because he sounds a little bit. 567.0560. 560. I need to rise in singular wireless lines. As long as these calls keep pukening, because we don't want to get Miguel all upset. Please, we know these stories. He hates it. He just despises it. Yeah. And then of course, he'll probably call Steve. We were like, hey, we guess what? Uh, don't go see him. There are there are no Panther fans going to be like a call. I'll like, should probably check the message on that on the phone call. Probably was guilty waiting for me to buy him dinner. So in other words, he's another chief says that what you're saying on the cheap tube, like rumor. Yeah, creeper buys him lunch more than the other way around. Oh, a creeper. They're joining the tip is what I'm hearing. That's why Jelding's on most of the time, even though the audience hates him like poison. As proved by our Friday poll, he did a very even Reverend Jones beat him out. What does that tell you? Somebody QAM hello. Somebody QAM hello. Yes, sir. Hey, the new pet peeve in a house replaced people on softball brothers driving. Is that parents are buying their kids. He's little staids that are built into speakers. Right, right. And again, they're getting killed on him. Yeah. Oh, my God. This week I've had three encounters. One it came art. One it home people. One in Walmart. And I've almost been side-spite by these little kids who's parents don't have enough comments. Well, one of the color things I've seen him. But one of the colors. I wish they would call me legal because the fact that the parents don't control the damn kids of the stores and they almost run you over. Yeah, but they discount their sneakers on in the first place. It's bad. And up and up, they got these roar things out there. They're knocking people over. Not going to splase down. It's a beautiful thing. You know, parents should know that when you raise kids, you got to raise them for all time. Towards boy, it may be for sterilization. Okay. That's the only hope for the human race. For sterilization. Just keep saying that over and over again. I've been telling you that for a long time. I believe they're called helis. helis helis. Like a lean back. Well, helis. That's exactly where I like. Like, like Mary heli and whatever his name was. That's it. 752 votes. Helis. They have a thing on that. The other man who's here about how dangerous those are and kids do in all sorts of everyone things and getting their killed out there and stuff like that. Little things. 752 votes will be over 800 by the year. noon hour. So we'll do that thousand easy events. By the way, Josh was pretty happy before the show. He said you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell. So he yells the unknown. Have any votes yet. By the way, I went ahead and put him on there. David, you haven't even voted for him yet. He's on there. He still got the big nothing for the old. They love him. They don't like his voice. They don't want him on the ear. But personally, he's so bad. Although, no, no, no, no, no. He hated him like poison. After he had they turned on each other. That was probably the most fascinating part of a very aggravating four years. It was watching the way that every relationship there. And I use that term loosely. Kind of dissolved every time he thought he had somebody who would like or clean onto him. It would just like fall apart. Yeah, they could only handle so much. Even guilty. Somebody QAM. Hello. No. Yes. I wouldn't George from him back. To us that we back next week. Do you want to tell the number? Please. Okay. Hold on. 560, 505, 60, pound 560, we're rising in singular wireless line. He said it's just a little. Somebody QAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, come on. Nobody picked it on. Forrest you got. That's. Still got his gay. Just because he and Clarence have a little thing going on there for a while. Is current still looking at that? He's show. I think so. So I don't we don't see too much of Clarence. Sure. Hope that check shows up today. Clarence because like I told you before. For every day, the check is late. I take another extra week off. WQAM. Hello. We have a gun sucked. WQAM. Hello. Hi, a body. Yeah. Hi, George. Okay. Great. Yeah. Good. My name is Ken Davis. I'm sitting in conflict management at space. I have a more general question about the United States work to democratize the rest of the world. Many of you, the United States effort to democratize the world. Oh, God. I got to listen to her whole question. I guess you would like five words from Dumbledore. No thanks. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yama Dumbledore. I'm sorry. WQAM. Hello. QAM for a while. Oh, God. Oh. It was wine Mike. Listen, no co-weight med Mike. Mike. Mike. Just died. That's all. Just died. I knew it. So they say every piece of die die. I knew I have no idea what that means. But in your case. Just go away. Layout. In traffic. WQAM. Hello. Fine, Berger's a little man. Yeah. Yeah. Who hates you like poison? Just like I do. WQAM. Hello. Oh, listen. We can come in. Tuesdays and Thursdays. WQAM. Hello. Remember, Joe's is going to be a feeling for Hague next time. He goes off to La Neda. In fact, you know something probably would be an improvement over David Samson. In case you missed it, and it's for real. This Friday morning. Stayed to the Marlins with David Samson from 7 to 10. Substance, whooping for the Hupers off to noon. Other one of those. Portory feels. That was without Delilah. David Samson. He's going to chew you people out. Especially if you don't chew up Wednesday and Thursday. If the Marlin games is going to chew you out. He's going to be really pissed off. He's going to double the price of a win. He's at the ballpark. Remember that. I've kind of remember. I guess that was that under the John Henry Regime or under the Wayne Regime. When they ran out of winners and programs on opening day. Remember that? Yes. Henry Regime. Who was that under? Is that under the Wayne Regime or John Henry? I'm not sure. I think I was John Henry, but they don't have any control over that. Come on. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Well, I love they have control. And not the people still hold them responsible and they get pissed off and part of. Another reason not to go plus the food of the stadium sucks anyway. It is bad. Do they? And I heard that they took Carvella out. And you tell me that? Well, somebody told me that for the Dawson Games and took Carvella. They put some other ice cream in there. I figured what that was. I will be surprised. I know they took it out of the press box. I don't know if they took it out of the stadium all the time. They put some other crap in there and Carvella would not. That carville is good. But compared to the other Swilled-A-Throus-Servant of their, it was sensational. Probably G. That carville. Huh? I said it's probably cheaper than Carvella. Whatever they're peddling now. Sox. God. Nothing like it. Now Hot-Fight Sunday with extra cherries on it before the Adolfing Games. And in fact, which would bring those big subs from that place down in Cannell, those big, big, fat-filled sandwiches. From Johnny G's, I think it was in Cannell. And then again, with suck food would be great. But again, with suck air, every single week, same old desperate off. And Danny Boy, you know, getting all red in the face and exasperated, no, geez, what's wrong with you guys? The way it is, just not a very entertaining, enjoyable situation. I don't know why you guys. Oh, the last couple of seasons. Up until those last game in the sixteenths is this past season. They probably were pretty enjoyable too, weren't they? Yeah. But I think I've done these call peppers. I'm sure that they're talking. Or it's talking super bold because, yeah, you know, it really doesn't have to win. Another organization living in the past. Sports organizations living in the distant past, man. Miami Dolphins, Toronto make believes all these are teams of in way in the distant past. Couldn't win a fixed game when it really counts. Are we want better health care and better education? Well, you ain't going to give it to us. That's for damn sure. 26 past them because all the money is going down the drain and I rack and then of course in I ran. It's fast as I can. That's where it's going next. You just watch, I told you, they're so desperate now because they know they're going to get their asses kicked. And they're going to get like tossed out of power. So before the November election, this is going to be another big one. A bomb of ground day, this time, new, they're going to new command. They're going to show you just how much butch really is, even butch of the joys. If you think you have termites in your home speaking of pests, call ridded pests controlled a day for a free termite inspection. Ridded pests controlled uses that amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termites 100% on contact. They're gone faster than you can say, joys is a bitch. If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them and the Sega Viper a long time. You don't have to tent your home either. Now that circus routine in your neighborhood, no worry about poisonous gas, no moving out of staying hotels, no worry about food or pets in your health. Because it ridded, here's how it works. They treat your home with a amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true. If you have a termite problem, call ridded pests controlled right now and find out about this amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and their exander-president contact. No tending, no BS, no kidding. For a free no obligation inspection column right now, toll free 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. When you call ridded, be sure to tell me Todd Dreck, told you to call. Now, give a big bang out of that 1-800-447-4348. This is New Rogers. I do not. This time season, don't just be a survivor, be a winner with H&R hash. Mitch, I watched my income with 37,000 and I didn't let hold anything. How much do I need to pay? That's easy. You owe exactly $0 in 0 cents. Great. Can you put some pants on? Why trust your taxes to a season professional when a plan-boyant former reality show star can do it for you at H&R hash? Mr. H&R, try to make a million dollars last year by lying, cheating and stabbing people in the bed. Oh, you won $5 or two? No, I'm a lawyer. Could you put some pants on? H&R hash is even at yours by other reality show icons. Richard, this is a tough one. Last quarter, I made $8 billion. What do I owe Uncle Sam? Let's see, Mr. Trump, the total is $0.00. And 0 cents. Richard, you're not fired. Now put on some pants. This hat season formula lies with H&R hash. It's $1.13.20. We got both coming up into the 17-inch spite of popular demand. He did not do well in our pool on Friday at all. Very. They said, personality transplant needed. Got some good news from Italy. OK, is good pulls indicate today that a coalition led by center-elected economists Romano Prodi, who wants to tone down Rome strong relationship with Washington, was said to beat Flamboyant Crook billionaire Premier Sylvia Berlusconi and parliamentary elections to which we say. Oh, right. Oh, man. One of the biggest crook center world next to Bush and these Saudis Sylvia Berlusconi. He don't want satire on Roman TV on a tag in TV, so we outlawed it because he owns most of the TV stations in the only. No satire because they're picking on him. He's a fascist, fascista. I bet you may go with it like him because you reminds him of Batista, fascista. Sure. Two next is pulls indicate that Prodi's coalition received between 50 and 54% of old and both the upper and lower chambers of the parliament. While Berlusconi's fascist coalition received between 45 and 49%. He ain't no beneath a Mussolini, I'll tell you that. Those surveys would be a Prodi's coalition between 159 and 177 seats in the Senate compared with 139 and 154 Berlusconi Center-Wight Alliance. Paolo Guzanti, a Senator with Berlusconi's fourth Italian party, appeared resigned to defeat. It is clear that members can change a little bit, but it's clear that the Senate left as one and we be losing. Good. And a telephone survey of 10,000 Italian voters broadcast on Sky TV indicate they similar pictures in the annexes' polls. The Pia Poelians who've assigned 52% of old to Prodi's coalition and 40% to Berlusconi. Follow-Beloney and a major crook against it. Probably has ways in satilia. Will Quilla. Will Quilla. Where's Italian? But now what is that? What kind of a statement is that? Thanks, this man. That's so much. Man, I can't believe you said that. That is the worst thing I've ever heard in my life. What are the attaining deformation ligands going to be calling in and nearly your ass to the wall? The thing you put it brings a little bit of nice side of me. Yeah, what the hell is wrong with you? It's wrong with you. That's what you've read. Yeah, it's a much comedy way. You know, Russian girl, I think that's what's doing it. And by the way, they take the knowledge. Tadden Gangsters, my ass. 560560. Keep those cones smoking, maybe because Miguel D'Owanne, no. But I got the great story about that prison official punished over swinging a broke back mounting, which I'm sure was probably an instructional flick in the prison. Huh? Back to him. Yeah. I got a whole pile of really good stuff here. But they did it. And Florida's first gay rodeo, speaking to that, speaking of, uh, back to him. Oh, yeah, basis of ss. Broke. And for 200 gay families are going to be attending the annual White House Easter Egg rule next Monday. This is the big weight baby. That's why we're not gay. We only have the retards all week. The desperate autos. Because everybody else, they got bigger face to fry man. You got Easter, Easter, good Friday is Friday. Easter Sunday is Sunday. Easter Monday is Monday, which I don't think in America. They's, uh, how come there's no Easter Monday? It's like there's no boxing day in America. But the rest of the world lives. There's Easter Sunday and Easter Monday, which I have no idea the significance and don't care. And then we also got pace off this week because the glam and the Jews that got like everybody's got to be pacified like Christmas in Hanukkah. Oh, yeah. Well, we got, uh, we don't have no Christmas people. We got a Hanukkah bush, you know, and we got the menorah Canohore, you know, that crap. Everybody's got to have their garbage. Including Cindy, my neighbor across the street, they sent me cut the crap. Okay. We're not interested in Jesus. John will give you a last phone number and ethical. Okay. You can have some long conversations on the phone. Get out of our lives. Go away. A little girl. Welcome to QA. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Can I speak to you? Can you speak to me? Yes. Speak to me? Yes. Speak to me. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Morning. You know, this country's in big trouble when the legal immigration is even debatable. See, see, see, look at this immigration rally said for all these cities that show right now as you speak on CNN. We're not talking about immigration. We're talking about illegal aliens is what we're talking. People are just pouring across the border illegal. How is it even debatable? I don't know. It's not. It shouldn't be. But again, you deal with the media, you know, taking one thing and trying to get into something else. Oh, what, you know, this country was founded in immigration. Not illegal aliens. Okay. Immigration. Right. Immigration. I read where China's gone to the moon. So now we have to go to the moon, too. Well, the media didn't send all the illegal aliens here. Yeah. Sounds good to me. Oh, Paul and get lost in F. Toys. Ha ha ha. Good call. See, it goes to show you guys as little structural hour and 38 minutes for you. Sometimes you have to go through like 7,000 calls to get one that's like a gem. He had all the bases covered. Yeah, he did. He touched it. But you're Joyce touched it. Oh, God, what a thought. 795 votes on it will be way over 800 by the time of this hour. That's usually what I'm looking at. If we can get to like 800, 50 by noon, we usually got to that 1000. We got it. Licked. You don't say it. What do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody. 175. Almost 22% of these people lie through their teeth. It's just they can't find the right name on here. See, this is not an open pool on Gilly. We had it because he's a radio nerd. Kind of 800 even. Look at that. I'm pretty impressed. I don't hate anybody. I don't hate anybody. 175. Rick's anches. We hate like poison. We should have somebody with poisonous tamales. 169. I hate this pool. 106. But why speak of tamales? Is it what? When the Mexican restaurant is at taco soup? Mexican soup? No, let's talk of salad. No, no, no, no. I'm talking about the soup. Taco soup? You never have like Mexican soup when they put a dollop of sour cream on it. Man is that good stuff. And the reason it's good is because they don't put any beans. Oh, God, why hate beans? God. I don't know. It will beans make you a fart like a champion, but beans also just, they're mushy, man. Who likes mushy food? I mean, that's why I don't understand. I feel like out of place, I go to Taco Bell. I have a breeder supreme with no beans. Please, no beans. Please. Smart. Yeah. No beans. It's a mush. That's how old Mexicans got to be so chubby. Joyce, although the ones that they're showing now, all these brown people, man, like I said, I'm a fried it. All I can make you it. I think probably they've been on a hunger strike to make everybody get to feel sympathetic. Yeah. Joyce 86, 86 her is what I say. Oh, look at this. Where's the odd or the Duke that they're getting all better shape with Duke? Did you see that I got the story on that bitch? I mean, at the stripper, whatever she was, that exotic dancer. And come to find out she was here. It's substantially impaired by the time she got there to that party, where she claims she was right to Duke. That's that I want to stick up for Duke, because the hump are went there. But how about the lacrosse team, huh? I think most of them, I don't think any of them would rate further, mostly. Yeah, lacrosse. What kind of a pansy sport is that? Have you ever watched any of that? No, way to boring. Lacrosse? It's just stupid. They take the little ball. Here's the guy who's a, you know, goal of the goalie in front of this little net. And they just jam it in there. You know, they come up with them like a sort of the thing. And they just slam it in there. Oh, well, what's that? They got with a little mask and everything. Yeah, like a hockey goal. The only is in front of this little net. And they're just, they can just walk up and they slam it in there out of their, uh, they're little whatever they call those things. Well, not that I like this sport or anything, but it kind of the same as hockey without skates. No? Get out of here. Kind of the same as hockey. Not the same with hockey. Yeah, off your rocker, man. How much skill does it take to run up and down when a little pants on? Yeah. Stop and think about it. But so I'm telling you, there's no way that those lacrosse players raped that brought a Duke. Where's Sanchez one? Seventeen. A hit this pool 106. Joyce 87. Damn, a bastard is doing extremely well on our pool. 66. He only does well over there on his pool. The one that he has red coat, that set up. And by the way, he still is still in the first up to the fact that they, they try to mess up that pool. And then we messed back and just kicked their ass. Two of that we didn't do the same in the trend. Except in midday. Boy, that trend was ugly. Steve Mr. Ego came 46. George 39. Hank 33. Paul speaking about week. Paul cashed it over 32. Joseph, Jackie 20. Neil 13. Regary date. Joey Reynolds 4. Yelney's got three. And Joe Bell is got three. Poor Joe Bell. He's only been there. He's just going to speak with. You know. He's just getting a sweet when. Oh, I'm listening. If, uh, which I doubt very much. What's the sales guy Chris Jones? Right. You know, that one sheet that was very good. But I was expecting like one a year. You know, I feedback sheet from the sales department. I was really nice start. Only, uh, don't tell me nothing. I was a very good start for get with it. Oh, he's busy interviewing those heavy weights. He's got probably some insight information that we shouldn't release is that Our sales department, man, most everybody's going to get their ass can this week. Jeffrey Dust, your real rubbish. Fight, right? And back. My time. And so. You have talking on your sports department. I heard them other day talking about the legal that they're getting now. To play the game. And, you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegal. Okay. And I want to tell you that's very. She for someone to talk that way about illegal because, you know, hand himself was not. It's not, it's not a native fear. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal sometime or another. Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay. Because, you know, it's about like that but Cuban people. How about his nationalities, a piece of shit. Okay. There's nothing but rap to hear those. The poor people. That's how that's how, you know, that's the American fucking way. So, don't talk about Cuban people that way. But to that. Why? Why? What's your one? I don't know. Who's the scienceologist that's turned out to be a hypocrite? Stop. You can. Who with the dude that is married for 1000 food? Stop. Can you believe it? Who's the cat that's making fun of every other really young? Stop. Not only everybody. This is shit. This is what you bring last month. Shit, shit, shit. I've heard about shit. And you can do it. He's a toothpaste little hard, but no one understands him, but all on the others. Shit. Hey, I'm 48 at 560WQM, you're a squeaky voice station. That ain't kind of fits it with our signal, you know. Like that. That's pretty good. Yeah. That's pretty much like when you drive an 441 under those electric cars, that's what we sound like. Yeah, the closer you get to hear. Exactly. Like we're about a block away. And I wasn't a while, one of those, see, you have to have a squeaky voice to penetrate the signal problem. That's what it is. They're figure out. So that must be a method in their madness. 820W. It's totally a and not even noon yet. Not even noon yet. Here's the definition of a bitch, okay? A very dumb idiotic bitch here, this story. A lawyer said he plans a lawsuit over the death of a woman who's young, son called 911 report. She had collapsed only to be told he shouldn't be playing on the phone. Jeffy Figer best known for defending arrested assisted suicide advocate Jack Corvorkian, a period yesterday on the NBC that they share with the boy Robert Turner who turned six last month. Figer said Cheryl Turner went in large tard. What a survived on February 20th have helped have been sent right away. On the show the boy we come to this talk with the 911 operator. She said she thought I was playing on the phone, Robert said. By the time the 30s arrived, Cheryl Turner 46 was. Yeah, they did. This indicates an endemic problem, Figer said. There's a discounting of children, Robert did exactly what he's taught to do. Right little kid, not even six years old, any calls and mamas and big trouble. Come again. You could play on the phone. Detroit, no less. Detroit police are investing in the 911 response. They spoke to the media media, we return to Korea to the can imagine why. After Turner collapsed, Robert placed two calls in 911. In the first call about six people, Robert told the operators mother had passed out. But an operator has to speak with the adult. When he called back about three hours later, an operator told him, you shouldn't be playing on the phone. Please finally arrive there for the second call. And the statement Friday, police chief Ella Bullie Cummings, Ella Bullie Cummings, what kind of a name is that? Is that like, woolly bully Cummings? Yeah, said it was important not to write to judgment indicated. She would have had no for the comment because of imminent or impending litigation. Robert's going to be a big fat lawsuit. And some big fat moron, going to get her ass sued big time. And rightfully so, Figer said he plans to follow wrongful. That's lawsuit against the city of Detroit today. And he's going to have to pay millions a little kid or whoever is left around. For shvelt. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. On no. That is unbelievable. Speaking of that, a Massachusetts correction officer is being disciplined for showing that gay cowboy will be bear ass mounting to win mates of the state's largest prison because his boss in treatment that the filming includes content inappropriate for a prison setting. I think it's perfect for prison setting. But first 16 is more like a rapeseen than anything else. There's no love or emotion or tenderness and that is strictly a rapeseen is what it is. Of course you ain't seen it. And I ain't gonna. Don't. And I'm not going to see the last hour of it either. I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the millisecond. If you gave me a thousand dollars an hour to watch that, I wouldn't do it. I'll do it for that. Maybe a minute, maybe a thousand a minute. Massachusetts Department of Corrections, by the way, made a big effort. I forgot to tell the operator, made a big comeback. It would buy on Saturday. Only lost 200 bucks in front like I want a million. I'm telling you, that's even better than winning. It's like making a huge comeback and you get real close to almost breaking even. It's the psychological part of the whole thing. And so frustrating. That's when you know you got a problem. I don't have any problem with that. I have a problem. It's almost like, wait. I'm gonna tell you what, you've got a problem. You know what it is? What's that? It's called LOS. It's like a lack of funds. This is true. Yeah. I don't have any problem. If I never went there again, it would be fun with me. I have no problem. It's a hobby. It's a little bit of fun. I don't go there every day, compulsively. Oh, I just break out into a sweat. I've got to have a machine, man. I've got no. Well, what does that mean? That's what you don't have a problem. Almost breaking even is even a Humphor said that we know he sure doesn't have no gambling problem. Oh, man. That was funny. That's funny. You're comparing me to that? No, I have not. To gambling is my life? God, almighty. Give us search party. I have no life. Massachusetts Department of Correction's spoke with him and Dan Wiffin said Saturday the actual Muslim related quickly acclaimed Thomas Plot and Havana, your gay lover fair. It wasn't a subject matter. It was the graphic nature of sexually explicit scenes with him said, Yeah, my foot's not that in their mind. You know, I'll give him some ideas. Because we know that in prison, certainly there's nothing like that going on. Back home, she said the officer whom she defined to identify failed to follow prison guidelines that require staff who's scheduled films to review the main advance for access to violence, and who would be, or sex, as well as scenes involving assaults on situational staff. What about that charshank? Is that about like a prison riot or something? It's a prison movement. Yeah. What's it about? It's about an enough shell. A guy goes into prison and breaks out. It's a good move. And he's very good moving. Probably allergies. I did it in prison. I did it in prison. I did it in prison. I did it in prison. I think it's a really good move. Now what did he say? Said it's something I better watch it. He said it was good, but it doesn't see the big deal. Oh, nothing to it. You said it was a big deal. I thought it was a really good move. Hmm. Yeah, but you fell asleep in that word. So I'm going to throw you through the judgment. And of course, Miguel, he didn't watch that word because it's nothing about human. I saw that word. You did? Yeah. And you didn't fall asleep during the middle of it. All right. You're in the close. Private. No. No. No. You almost fell asleep during that work. Yeah, a couple of times. It was close. The officers showed the film last Thursday as the noon two days after it's American release on DVD. Two inmates had approached the Norfolk mass institutions about 25 miles out of West Abosan. Based on, and why we know what it is. Okay, anglie, but it would have moved pinkie. We know all this had a crap. We know what it is. It's crap. And they're making a big deal of a story on CNN all morning long. They've been showing this over it, over it, over again. Although it is kind of different. First of all, what kind of people live in Alaska? What kind of an DVD we've got to be like that? And ask them all? Yeah. And I think I'm not talking about the Eskimos. I'm talking about the other people who live there. I'm going to Alaska to get away. Why not go to like, I don't know, to Iowa some little town in Ketowe. Torneado. Well, that's true. Yeah, they know. That's right. If it's a weather factor, you got to go to weather in Alaska. Last Christmas residents of the U.P. Eskimos village of Savunga, Alaska, and the special dish that every day fear of way of walrus reindeer and berries, fresh pizza floating from, no, 170 miles away. A tiny delivery joint airport pizza open several months earlier, just steps from nomans busy one ways, and many of Savunga 700 residents were eager to try something different. Even if you get like whale and blood whale, blubber on your pizza. Nomans first and only pizza delivery service is a robust business in the Western Alaska town of 3500, but it really stands out for a street-level, reservoir commuter plane, and more than a dozen other remote spread out sub-archic villages. The village council in Savunga and St. Lawrence Island, the icy During Sea, one of the special holiday treats for young families in the village, in order to 50 pizzas. Haftop would chicken and ranch dressing and they would have a Canadian bacon and pineapple. Oh Canadian bacon, eh? Frontier Fly service and interest-state airline volunteer-liced, or fly the pizzas in no charge to every village on its regular fly-skids, a lot of nom, a burying sea town settled in 1989 during your gold rush. Craig Kenmont, General Manager of Frontier, said it's free delivery service helps the curie market itself in a way that benefits customers in large, large, large, eupic and in-you-in-you-be-at-escimof villages. Our successes directly out of the success of the communities we serve. He said it's a fun thing to do. The savings could be enormous for nomans largely in poverty-satellite communities, which pays them of the highest fuel prices in America. They fly the pizzas for nothing, which is huge for the people on the villages, said Matt Tomter, quit his frontier flying to have to run the thriving pizza joint. Tomter said in order for six-rain-year sausage pizzas once came in from the Arctic town of Barrow, the northernmost community in the US, 500 miles per day northeast. Guy, town of Barrow. Oh, high shipping costs in a non-push airport pizza's prices above those started by pizza-wears and less or most fuzz. They range from 16 bucks for a small cheese pizza to 32 bucks for large, specially pie, such as the chicken rock, rocker, fellow or hero, gyro. And they're afraid how we decide to use that gyro? Gyro. Yeah. Well, there you go. Well, actually, meet your pizza flown in. There's a very hungry reason to go. Exactly. 1157. At 5.16WQA, I've been telling you for years and years about dial-a-machers in our standing service. That's why I've used him for a long time, because it's the only smart way to get into mattress. Why the hell's slipper on a waste gas and time and money? If you've brought down in 1-800-metre on the phone, was easy, you've got to check out their website, mattress.com. You shop whenever and wherever you want. You'll all go to dial-metreuses-metreys.com page. You'll see the extensive product line from Cili Service Simmons Kingcroll, Temporitic Instrooms and Foster Hewitt. You'll also see photos, prices, and a whole lot more. You can do all the ordering process online, or after you visit Mechers.com, just call 1-800-metreys, and place your order. You can schedule delivery between a two-hour one-of-your-chorus. And right now, think of an inch of a dial-a-machers-grade club-month financing program when you call dial-a-machers at 1-800-metreys. You can factor your prices lower than the chainstores, even during your so-called big sales. So call right now to dial-a-metreys at 1-800-metreys. It's the official Mechers company of this show. I'd be like that. Call 1-800-metreys right now, talk with an expert bedding consultant, or log on a Mechers.com to assure you that it's best to be ever had in your life. 1-800-MATTR-ES, leave off the last, as because it stands for Stephen Weiss. This is Neil Rogers. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on QATM. Those weapons and masters' trust and got to be somewhere. We've obtained photographs that officials called Devon and proves for WMVs. What that means for your weekend, I'd say. I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous. So don't push in. It was a trick. Tell the boys to take a shot. Call my dad. Only my brothers take a shot. You can't really agree with the poor bad thing. Come on, George. George, what's the problem with the boys? George, George, what's the problem with the boys? And it's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work. To the real, they take the old new man. Now has the money. Tell the guy to borrow. Come on, let's go shoot something. Tell the guy to borrow. My dad wants me to shoot a cab. Pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it. All right, I love. Here's what I'm nail guns. I love shooting a nail gun, too. Provaust 3560WQA and Bohe Hoon Healthcare is about the French Allian employed the puns. They're most of them are like illegally aliens anyway from Algerian Morocco. That's where the real problem is in this world. Algerian Morocco. That's where all these illegals come. And of course Mexico, right? Guatemala, New Iraq, Panama, Venezuela, Colombia, Chicago. 5605056. Let's take a Fourier call if we ever get any of this. If you don't keep going, it's like a little kid or a pet. We don't keep paying attention. Well, man, they solve and go off in the corner. That's how the callers are. I realize it's, this is the weekman. It's next 10 days. This is impossible. That could be why I scheduled next week for vacation. Couldn't. I see. I think about a week late. Anyway, Miguel and Josh are going to take up to a clock when we got Bo. What? Well, now you get a lot of calls. You guys probably, Miguel's calls will be no spaghetti in place. Come on, let's get some call. Some Fourier calls from Miguel. 560505660. Talking about Cuba. Cuba. That's all he knows from man. Cuba. He's never been there in his life. And never been there. See if you were smart. You're going to be there. You're going to be there. Why not? What do you mean? What does that mean? They're like, you just talk about Israel so much. I don't want to go there. Well, they're like, what the hell are you going to solve? Sets for Christ. You're going to put them in either. Get the get on a plane, come to Canada, and then you can hop out of a plane any time of day. Go to Havana. I'll just stay in Canada. Slice going back and forth, back and forth. How come you're not coming up here now? I don't understand. I feel unwanted and unloved. We got the big panter game tomorrow night. Panthers and leaps at the York Scared Canada Center. Yeah, nothing. Right. Huh? I've been in Toronto. I was there the kid. Yeah. That was 10. I don't know anything from it. But there's video tapes of me in Toronto. Well, just one. Well, congratulations. Thank you. I can't say the better myself. Big tumis. Come in to Cuba and panter line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I know it's a close poll bit. Jim DeFedis not on there. Oh, Jim DeFedis should be good. He's a local media tub. Yeah. Hey, have you ever done a poll on the favorite Canadian? That might be interesting. Favorite Canadian? Yeah. It's not a fact we have entertainers. Yes. Oh, you have. Yes, we have. All right. Take it. See you around. Yeah, we did that. We'd like Steve Martin and the Jim Carrey and Anne Marie and... What's your name? Whatever your name is. You know something I haven't seen her in so long. I wanted to, I'm again, that Josh Hates like poison. Ooh. The little singer with all her name? Oh, I have a little green. Yeah. You hate her. I do. I just, you know. You would do her, but you hate her. How do you like that from music? I just really know how come on. She's a mousey-looking thing. You would do her? Yeah. She's cute. She's not cute. Oh, God. Got a picture over right here. If it'd be like mini mouse, I look. I have, well, okay. See there are pictures that can make anybody look cute, even me. But, well, the picture you're cute too. You're not cute too. Listen to me. She's not so cute as you think. Trust me. It's like, Brad, it's the same with Brad Pitt, crater face. Oh, you know, Brad still is pretty good. If you, the one day I saw that shot of him without any makeup on me, he's got craters that makes Wayne look like an old smoothie. Wow. Crater for us. Come on in a few way. I am, hello. Hey, what a fun show. Yes, sir. Neil, I don't know because our last night, one of the greatest defense of all time and his jersey retired from Louis Almachin is classed. Yeah, who cares? Great. Who cares? I'm Jared. And Edmonton lost to the blues right there. The blues lost 13 games in a row and the oilers were a choke team of ever-solid, lost to the one to sand Lewis. How do you like that? That sucks. Man, oh man, Craig McTavish, my ass. Edmonton, oilers, they could have been no spoilers. That's because they got kind of money, you know. And he's wine and after the game. Oh, yeah, I saw it. You think this audience wouldn't know Almachin is from Al Rosen from Al Schwarz. Okay. This guy's giving me a hockey call. Mr. hockey, Maven. Get out of here with his crap. Somebody cue a hint. No, wait, be like. QAM, hello. Now, Josh, are you going to cycle? I'll go. Somebody cue a, I'm hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. I, yes, I, I was just shedding a tear for Almachin. It's, um, anyway, um, this media, uh, poll that you're doing. I'm shooting the Sam Shemets here for me over that guy, calling. Go ahead. QAM, I, I don't want to bring up a source subject, but, uh, and my apologies. I work in mid-Shift. Um, I still want to get a copy of your, um, CD and t-shirts. Uh, are they not doing remote for that anymore? No, they're doing remote. So, do you ask Miguel how come they're all done? Why he is? That's an interesting. Why is he down at the sort of torture friendship, uh, running, uh, some sort of, or the other kind of, uh, bending thing or what? What does that mean? What were you talking about? You say he's, and sets with Cuba, but he's never been there. So I thought maybe that was like his way he coasted the hall. I don't know. Yeah, he's going to do, he's going down to the keys, because it's close to Cuba. He can get, he's going to set the van up, don't know. Where does that let's go? He's going to have a marathon in the keys, yeah. So, so what's the question? Just go online and get it and we thank you in advance. I certainly will sir. Dan, thank you very much. Please get out of the business. Please have a big you. Uh, bye. See you. See you know, he's laughing, you know, listen to me. These guys can tell you. These two guys can tell you guys, Clay out. They keep going to lie to and lie to. They're going to give him a deal. They're going to do this. Power 96, Maddie, Bell, Joel Bell, Southern Bell, and, uh, but to beat the liberal and cell double talk. This keeps stringing them along, making like 50 cent an hour. See, that's a problem. And L.O.F. you've got a lack of funds, lack of funds. That's the problem. I got a lack of funds because he didn't win the 22 million in a lot of one. Saturday, but you know, something. I'm sure glad that isn't the week I hit it. The jackpot now is like 50 something. I'm talking about here are 649, a lot of that they give you a check for cash. No taxes. That's awesome. It was 22 million Saturday and I played, let's see. I forget how much I spent. I only got 70 bucks out of it. I had one with four numbers right. But the the bitch of it was that because so many people play, you know, when the numbers go that high. Yeah. That there were four winners. So, you know, somebody has the numbers. They think, well, I won 22 million. It only had a lousy five and a half million. That's like, that's like a lot of fishing and catching a small purse. You know, it's throw a back. It throw that baby back. Five and a half million. And five plus the bonus, which usually pays 200 and some thousand. Payed 44,000 because there were seven winners. And four out of six was only 45 bucks my luck. I had one with four. I got a lousy 70 bucks. So I didn't win the 20 million because if I would have, I got news for it. When you when you tune in the lady, hear the audio from here. Yeah. You would have heard sounds of silence. Believe me. I believe it would have been long gone. All this crap about, oh, my money doesn't mean anything. Right. And of course, Miguel, he's gotten screwed over there. So many times. That's why Miguel's happy not to be doing the CD thing. Not to do those appearances because they keep dragging him around all this crap. They keep making all these promises. Tell me, is there, oh yeah, we're going to, we're going to set up the van in front of your store 15 times in two weeks. And Miguel's going to be there, start naked and dancing in the street. And all this other crap. And that's why he don't want anything to do with this thing. Wasn't his idea was tough side, the, okay. In fact, I should have bitched him out this morning when she came in there. That duff. I should have said, yeah, this whole thing is your fault. And by the way, I don't care who you are. You fair right. So if you want to order this stuff, it's online. Do we have a total Miguel? I hate to ask 21, put a little bit more than the last you got. Probably. And of course, it's not our fault. I mean, the CD is fine. There's a lot of great stuff on it. The CD is great. Really stands in great. Look, and I got one. He says, I asked for nothing. Right. And these people out there, they don't want to cut loose with the money. That's all. We still got the same audience we always said. And this, who knows what it would be? I don't want it. I don't want it. Now, okay, fine. It's right there online. They go to the homepage and send us other stupid pages. Let me take a peek at it. Happy 30th anniversary. New year, there's the big picture. Look at that neat cover there. Stop it on the birdstander's grave. And my clever. Click on that thing to our online store. It's got listing of all the tracks that are on there. Oh, don't you have a body augmentation on it. Don't you have an, yeah, right. Same old crap, man. If you don't have exact lockers, but the polliners Josh with that real Porky look on the space because I guess he just saw his paycheck. So, you know, that, that picture could have been taken last Wednesday when you read After you found out they directed positive. Didn't hit the bag. That's the kind of porky look you would have been expecting that in your face. And then that is the dream fields of pasta, which I'm eating at almost every day Managed good stuff. Same thing. They don't want it. I don't care. More for everybody else. And then under that is the picture of Osama and OJ, same person. I remember that nine, 11 loose chains that the documentary that you won't watch because you're much as hard as is that's all. You don't care. I mean, this business of trying to force people, let me give a little piece of advice. Okay. Unless you want to wind up totally frustrated in a rubber room. Don't try to force people to care about something that they don't care about. You know what I mean? You follow what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you mean. You can bring a horse's ass to water, but you can't make him dunk it. And so same thing with it. You can't force people to care about something. You think, oh, you ought to be really whipped up. You ought to be screaming about this. They won't. And they don't. And all these people, these, you know, this business that they're going to have millions of protesters. You know something? Those are the people that ought to be rounding up. Those are the illegal aliens right there. They're all gathering right there for you. Right. They're all coming out. It's a coming out party. Oh, yes. Well, we're illegal aliens. We're not hiding anymore. Right. They're not hiding. They're not hiding in the shadows. So here we are, waving our Mexican flags and tearing out like a bunch of crazy. Oh, okay. Great. Round them all up in the ship mouth. Oh, we can't ship out them. Many people. Why not? Why not? 15, 20 million people. I would be unpractical. Guess what? Do you imagine how many bus loads. If that greyhound would be doing a hell of a business? I think there are a lot of people who weren't happy to chip in for that. Senegal's back where the hell of the, whatever they came from. Let the Senegal Fox start getting the things straight in after that. I did a crooked Mexico and let them get jobs where they came from and water mala. Like that. Have that great art fly, where last week's trash? Yes. About that whole thing. That guy had his thumb right on him, man. Let them have a great economy in Mexico and a great economy in Guatemala. And I think that I won. And also let them stop making so damn many unwanted babies. You know, the Pope is a crazy person. No, okay. No matter which one happens to be wearing the dress at the moment. We talked about a bunch of crazy people trying to con you. Oh, no. We don't want birth control. We don't want no condoms. We want to be able to do all those people in Africa are dying from AIDS because of the forced misery. The forced deaths from the Vatican. And he's getchies down there in Latin America, man. And Miguel knows this. Reproduction like rabbits. Like rabbits. I'm not talking about so much the ones in Miami. There are more like cockroaches, some of them. Oh, sorry. But like rabbits, they're doing it. They went and doubted just touching them out. Like they're like the jutsies in Rome. They got one in the oven and one in their arms and one in the street and one in the flow and one if you want to see no more. It's just it's ridiculous. They're the baby making business. So somebody's having a good time. Somebody else screw in their brains up. This is real Roger. This is five, six, six, six, six, six, six, eight. Please, it's for the hormone. Tired of the same boring old community in Wifers at holiday mass. Hoping why you need to prepare to receive thy seed here. On Jesus' father, O Mali, wait for the gen. And now, Billy, this isn't just any way for it. It's not. No, through the divine miracle of trans-substantiation, I've turned this ordinary way for it into the divine blessed body of Christ. Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky? Spice up your next communion with new Christ's errone. Christ's errone is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings. Plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forefarm. And Christ's errone cooks up perfect every time. Has he sure? Hmm, can I have some more Christ's father? That's Christ's errone, Billy. Amen to that. Christ errone, the trans-substantiation tree, open wide, Billy if the father of the road tool says that Billy just run like a son of a bitch and call a police. Right, though. Who do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody. I'm 192. That's on our pool today on Neorodges.com. Where you can also order those meat t-shirts and CDs that Miguel puts so much work into. Please, 896 votes. They're not going to do it. They don't line, or plus they're all stealing them anyway. Rick Sanchez, 195. I hate this pool, 16. Joyce, 95. Now considering most people who even know who that is, she's doing extremely well and deservedly so. They know. They know. They know that's the reason we can't fart. We can't even fart off the ear, Marks us on ear. If I fart off the ear, the phone rings would have been the fact that was probably her on a phone before because I noticed there was no message. Dan LeBandstion 78. Well, he is getting nailed in here and deservedly so also. Oh, but he's so entertaining and he saw music here right. You should listen along. Steve Mr. Eagle came 50. That's three times as audience. George 41, Paul Cash in Oberthirty, you read on George's ass. Hank's got 36. Joseph Ankei 22. I got 17. I want you to stop to think about this. Okay, which I'm pleased to see that. But the 17 people are listening right now and he'd be like poison. Greg Reed, 8. Joy Reynolds 5. Gelly Gell's Dean's got four. Joe Bell's stuck on three. Let's see. The water not see. McGell and Josh, those three votes. And Jim DeFedee, none. He just went on there. Can't believe you're actually putting on that. That's good. He deserves it. Man, you talk about a guy who definitely does. What I saw him on the ear, we got 902 now. I saw him on the ear last time I was done there. I couldn't believe it. How could you put somebody? He makes Dave game look like little miss Muffin. I might life. I have never seen anybody so grow test. And he put him on TV. Nice go on channel four. They got that cackling idiot. What's your name doing the news? What those are name I keep forgetting? Oh, I don't know. Yeah, you do. Can't. No. That luck complicate the dirt bits. What's your name? And are. Huh? Oh, come on. You guys are slipping. The name way they got her back on her after she was in New York for about six minutes. She flopped on her ass and they got her back cackling the news. And they got Jim DeFedee son there. And they got Al Sunshine doing it. And they're trying to waste the waving his ham hocks. That fat tub of crap. Well, I know what anybody watches that channel. Five, six, seven. Come on. Let's get this phone cranked up again. He may not have been going to take a run on these calls. Miguel gets really serious. Sir, sir, we start reading too many stories. Tomorrow, Josh, we can do all stories. Oh, no. Do whatever it is. How we want. Don't have to act like we got some. Oh, gee. You've got to do the show from a girl. He's sitting in there putting in a lot of extra time. And as opposed to what? What else would you be doing now? I don't know. I don't know. My job. Don't have to read the case. You're running a hallway. I have to get the mom down. Huh? Yeah. I was just going to say maybe Josh is mom. I would do a case. You're up and on the hall. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Or maybe it might be. You're fair. You never know. WKOM. Hello. That was the one. That was the loan call. And palm five, six. Maybe they're out of material. They, I don't know. Maybe they're busy getting ready for their pace off. Maybe they're spinning their little radals. That's a raw holiday by the way. Folks, I hate to break the news here. Pits, potato, like his and the radals don't go with pace off. Stay on lots of the tastes like cardboard and pace it to the key candy and manage everything. That's what goes with pace off. Fair. Guess I'm going to pile up my pool. I'm going to pile up. Well, I may unless I'm listed in the linkages up on about five minutes. And you'll see it from in its outpouring. In the middle of the methodically we were calling the day his brothers family was killed. The Yassines, my to-one voice and stream it here suddenly stopped. He looked up pause and pleaded. Please don't let me say anything. It'll give me killed by the Americans. My family can't handle no mole. The history of the story of what happened to Yassines brother, Yunus family, redefined had this relationship with the Marines of the Trojan. On November 19th, the roadside bomb struck a humby on. Had it his main road killing one, marine injury to others. The Marines said they took heavy gunfire after. We thought it was coming from the area around Yunus' house. Well, that mistake. They went to investigate. And as a result, twenty-three people were killed. We had nothing to do with it, by the way. But they were pissed off and fired up. Eight were from Yunus' family. The only survivor his thirteen-year-old daughter said her family wasn't shooting in Marines or harboring your streamers that morning. Or any other morning. They were sleeping when the bomb exploded. And when the Marines entered their house, you said they shot everybody inside. So they took off. How did their people got nailed? And as a result, they were being. We're going to shout. They hit us. We hit him back. WCQA and hello. And this year, how we had that frantic, three-way, I was doing the swimming and all the swimming. I saw that. And it's like some kind of a game we're playing today. You know, either you get to us right now, which indicates that there was an one of my anything to say. Five, six, seven, five, six, they blow out to you how times have changed. I think I had the right idea on Friday. I mean, on Thursday. So I went different directions. Thursday was like, no calls, then Friday was all calls. And that's your one Friday. I wouldn't wish you'd on Hermione Gingold. It was just. When the good Josh? Oh yeah. It was special. But that's your lot of it. And pound five, six, they've arrived in singular wireless lines. We're discussing the state of the Marlins. Why you won't go to opening date tomorrow. And why you certainly won't go on Wednesday or Thursday on a peseach. Man, they took a guy with a name David Samson. We had a little bit of running understanding of the Jewish community in South Florida. I just made that up. Just to get him aggravated. David Samson is going to be filling in for a hike at Friday. Morning from 7 to 10. Don't ask me why. I have no idea. I guess this is we couldn't get anybody else. We won the World Series. Well, congratulations, sweetie. God, as he sound awfully. Say, WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Jesse Ag, we're only at one festival. It's a small one. I was the voice of experience. I didn't realize he had any close friends like that. How is Jesse? What is that? Who is a mish? What is that? I'm sorry. I'm looking at the schedule for the updates. Mish, five, three, ten, and more. Who is mish? You know what? He's new. Really? What happened to that? Is really guy? What's that was his name? Shai. Shai. Is he gone? No, he's still here. He's not on the schedule. He was moved. I believe he does. He's not on the schedule. He's probably a quarter. Oh, I see. He's on with a six to ten at night. And then, of course, he's off a couple of nights. Right, because he's from Israel. So when once pace off comes baby, that's what he's trying to more for a few days. That's it. WDQAM Hello. I want my team to see us, Miss Ratchett. WDQAM Hello. I think if, for the morning's got done, he'd name me. I'm going to grew us here about how they might win some names. WDQAM Hello. It's so beautiful. It's the next day. That is it. Is that it? Yeah. There's there's some guys that actually put all the stuff that that goes to everything in the brain and then they bring the breath and it's definitely like when it's all fashion. You can finish it with a little breath. Right. Right. If you touch any of your self, it's awesome. It's not all Phoenix is an animal that's trying to you ever end off. Okay. Okay. Tortillas soup. Good. Okay. Thanks. Yep. Right. There you go. Let's make a special trip. What do you say? In fact, we meet up with a whole bunch of illegal aliens. Let me see this deal. Okay. If I were from Mexico and I had a cross-deborder and risk my life to get out because I was so disparate to get out. So I can get a job and support myself, my family, whatever. I don't think I'd be running around waving the Mexican flag. You know what I'm saying? I'm not big on who cares about who's waving what flag all that crap. But I will say this. All these idiots that are running around waving the Mexican flag. If it's so great there and you're so proud to be Mexican. Why don't you go back there and get a job, man? I think it's a valid point if you ask me. I believe everything I say, including that. Oh, it's so great there that I hadn't like risk my life to get that out of there. That's why I'm waving a flag like sticking in your nose. You know, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me. I want, I want, I want. But here's my flag. Well, great. Go back where you came from. Okay. And of course, all the way to understand this, the way things are going right now. Who might have the American flag, right? Always good when you travel. Telling, don't tell anybody you're an American. In fact, if you go to Europe this summer, I know a lot of people be traveling for the holidays this summer. You go to Europe for almost anywhere in the world. Say, how is it going, eh? That's it. That's my out, man. I'm Canadian. We're all Canadian. I got my Canadian Tuk. It's got Canada on there. It says, hey, how's it going, eh? You a hoser? No, you're Canadian. We like you. We sure like your neighbors of the South. And of course, if we do nuk, eh, rain, that's going to really make us a lot more friends, man. That's going to make us really safe. Twenty eight minutes past noon at five, 60, WMG, Kim Boe, camper or two today. We took a vote. And you lost. What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long? How about getting an instant, 1200 bucks cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner? The five star auditioning career and federally system. And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heath, where they've been taking care of track County area families for three long, exhausting generations. As a career factory authorized, data Royce, guarantees around a percent satisfaction. And that guarantee is also backed by carrier that people invented air conditioning in the first place. And I'll have invented the carrier and fit in the system. Then actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusts itself for maximum efficiency. And speaking that to maintain maximum efficiency already around on your prisoner, commissioner, join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. Here's how it works. Twice a year, the own spectrum tune up your system. You'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off any needed repairs to all of us, all of these things. More than you should. For just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed and infinity system of pure on or constant peace of mind with a comfort club either way make the Royce choice called Royce Air and Heat tool free at 1-800-3770-7075. That's Royce, our OLYC E Royce Air and Heat 1-800-377075. This is Neil Roger. This is 516-8-8-8-8. It's day out! Why have you tell? I've got to put the movie in. I have 516-8-8-8-8. Oh, Ryan. May you fix. Think those in my ear. Oh, that's a good match for the law today. All the stations are getting away from the Kencouz. Almost getting away from Mexico City. But who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? It's Mexico City. Are we opening Mexico City? That's right. We're giving away Mexico City. We owe live Mexico City. Go round them up. We're going to be smithing illegally in the Costa border in the wheel. We owe the station back, then we owe you one to you. And imagine, go on! Personnel Mexico, watch yourself. You're out! If you're crying, you think you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Mario, Saudi... They've got a good color. When you hear this guy. and win a Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Baving in the loss of the Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. Other great sickle dear Maya, we your own home. Every day, we your very own Mexican people this week. 33, speaking of coming up soon at home opener tomorrow. Opening day, see, I don't know, I just don't understand that. Don't understand what? The whole like I got it called earlier every year I go through this. I don't understand why there's such a big coup la and all these extra people show up opening day. Many of whom and a lot of whom are going to show up the whole rest of the year. Well, that's the point. I mean, what is it going to opening day? They say, oh, I'm on the fan. You know, I'll show up for opening day and that's it. And that's it. That's it. In other words, I've done my thing and now you're on your own. I guess my part. I go to the games opening day. You know, they can just, it's an excuse. Well, Kevin Ben, well, that's the land of excuses, baby. I don't want to. I don't want to. All those David Samson's got some nerve. Man, you've got some stink in nerve. Rip in the people and then then wondering how come they don't come out to your ballpark towards what you're a little league ball club. I hope that I'm Friday when he comes out and I'm sure he's going to take calls. I hope he audiences rips him and ask, but you know, they won't. You know, they won't. They'll suck up. Oh, David, thank you so much for winning our set world series. You and Jeffrey are doing such a wonderful job. And we realized that Wayne screwed you over. You guys need that stadium and it's Hank and Neil and therefore. Yeah, so it's always somebody else's fault. I'll ask that one thing for this crowd when it was gotten Henry was there with my fault. And now that these guys are the tanks fault, everybody wants to go see the games. It's not because they've put in a crappy product on the field and they had another house cleaning. No. Kevin, back to my best personal friend, right in the Harold. Four Marlon starters will be feeling their way through their first game of dolphin stadium tomorrow. But once his players get used to sound for his hot human weather, manage your Joe Gerardi, who ain't no Damon Burrell, believes the stadium will give the teammate tremendous homefield advantage. Players aren't used to the heat, Joe says they're not used to the rain delays. Gerardi played dozens of games at Dolphin Stadium during your 15 year big Gerard League career. When it was called a Gerard Stadium and PP Park, not Dolphin Stadium. Players like to be on a schedule. You don't get to take BP a lot of days. It just seems to drill players off a little bit. Whereas the home team gets used to it. We're so close to the stadium this station that if they don't get to take BP at the ballpark, they can come right up there up the block there and go to BP. Right? Sure. Right across from Chuck Substender. How you doing, Chuck? By George's in the market. Even breathing can be tougher for visiting team, Joe says. The other thing I remember about that ballpark was there is not a lot of air in the dugout. He said it was really tightly a lot of nights in the dugout. And Joe, if you think it was tightly in the dugout, wait till you're with Josh has to say about how Stepping wasn't a press box because of the stench of Dave and Boring's bad hairpiece. Do you, Gerard, he also thinks the ballpark species have to feel on figure will help They have to have to his young pitching staff. They'll get away with a few more mistakes he said. I think that's important in their development. Oh yeah, develop this, Joe. Oh brother. Always like to a Gerard, he was okay. A little slow afoot that he was a catcher. What do you expect? Right. He's going for a copy. How big are you, partying? Former copy. Yeah, well that's what I just said. I said, Damon, very healthy for but it's still correct by you like you know I quite quite. Oh, okay. So then what are you talking about? Okay. How's Mike Falecki doing man? I sure like Mike Falecki got. And that was Greg Maddox when he was under the age of 100. He finally hanged up or not. Please tell me. I know we didn't put. How long is that going to go on? He's still okay. He's not okay. He's not okay. Man, I saw him just get blistered so many times last couple of seasons. I just just. Just. Just not a number one anymore, but he was a, he makes me do a number two. Now Mike Falecki used to make me do a number three. I like Mike Falecki was good. I was quite a team man. I was a halveteen. Mark race at first. Rino Sanberg at second. Ryan Sean. Sean. Sean. Justin. I bet you didn't know any of the world. Sean. That's right. That's eight. David. Sean. And who? And a third. We advanced law. All man. We advanced. In my pants. And who else? We are. I'm great. Dawson, a hawk was in right field. And I team hosted. We had to hold. Rix suck. Cliff was still pitching there with the beard. Like rip fan winkle. He was 100 years old in. Ron. Fair round. When you talking about that. Yeah. I didn't hear on the 88 team and you. You better learn your baseball. Mr. for a for a Julio. Pretending to know something about baseball. Ron. Say my ass. Let me say it again. That law was a third. But it glances. Vernon law. The deacon son. And we're going to offer to pirates. The deacon. From Pennsylvania. I think he was from a keysport. A summer like that. He's rocks. Anyway. What are we talking here? We're talking like a four language. These people don't know from any of this stuff. They don't care about it. We don't want all the great sports. Mavens and Florida. As long as that little. I'll never forget the first Marla game. I went to that opening week of the first season. And they're listening to all these idiots. Most of the year people. They're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking baseball. This isn't like rocket scientists. We're not talking about the rules of chess. Baseball game. They still know what the hell the rules were. All those propaganda about like, oh yeah. Well, they know the humans love their baseball. Yeah. I like to like to buy me a mego. That last. All these other experiments that are going to be supported by certain ethnic communities. And guess what? They don't show up. Let me ask you this. Now you guys have probably been to some heat games, which I wouldn't dream. I've got to go into that. We're all the, all the sues are there. All the, you know, yuppies. Yeah, that's the big food outside drinking and boozing it up and eating all the food. While the game is going on. How many dark folks have got to lose games? How many blacks have never taken other than the ones on the court? 15% maybe? 15%. Yeah, about there. I'd say. I would say maybe 15 people. I think for his edge. But I've seen those crowds on TV. Man, you're really, you're a edge. You're goosing it up. Well, that's not a lot. I mean, no. And it's all there. People out there plan. How many white guys are running on each team? Maybe like two. Hey, we got to tell you. We got a couple whiteies on the heat. And so I'm saying a couple of whiteies, man. So dark guys are well. That's all. So dark guys for it. Let's cut those ticket prices down. So the dark people going to afford to go support their people. That's what I'm saying. Look at all the millions that the bus is named is making. Okay. So, in fact, we were all supposed to get rich when he came to Tony. He was going to pay all of our bills. That was the proper gang that was being spelled spilled out. All this garbage about this ethnic group is going to support days. And if yes, what? South Florida, nobody cares about any of it. Unless you're winning. Unless you got a contender, they don't want to know from you. Just like that panther business. Oh, yeah. I'll make you anything. During the break, I'm going to look up and see what the attendance and what they listed as the attendance for last night's game, which you write. It was a nine goal scored. It was a pretty exciting game. It was actually three, three or one point. And they want to kick the rest of the third period. They scored five goals. I think the third period. And they, I mean, you know, the cheapies at the end, you know. Plus, plus they played Graham was like a forfeit. I mean, if they really wanted to win, they'd played Sean Burr Graham is like a human's Sioux. Is that right? Yes. That is exactly right. That's why they went to that district stretch there for a couple of weeks when Sean Burr was injured. Then he came back on all of a sudden. He write the ship. They pretty much got a lot up now. Nobody's going to catch him. Is he landing on a catch? Are they making police going to catch them? No. No chance. And the Panthers are officially eliminated anyway after they'd embarrassing him, relating lost to the penguins and said, cross be there on Friday night. Five to one right there in a macarina to the penguins. That was pathetic. I saw parts of the deck and my one to cross. Now that's here. We love the pan. There's a lot of things. Yeah. And hopefully I'll see that. At least look at it this way. Probably about playoff tickets. Even though they sucked the money out of us already. It's season ticket holders. They're going to apply for next season. I want to let him back now. How's that? Alan. Alan Cohen, everybody's video nerds. But you know, well, we want the money for the playoff. Playoffs my ass. Okay. Same old crap. They built that new awareness of Wayne could make some money. And now so this guy can make some money and then they keep lying about the attendance. If it were the for a bed in November, they'd be there. And now I tell you what it was. He wasn't for all those points to get Wayne the last few seconds of all those games. How many games did they blow a lead? Or give up the winning goal in the land. The final. I'm going to get my first couple months of the season. All of those games. All of those maybe probably give away 10 points. At least. And if they buy you something as I cried over spilled milk. That's I say. If the least would lose all the shoe outs. Because they gave you the same three stiffs every time. And I shoot out and Pat Quinn is like a statue there. What the hell are we talking? You got me in a hockey talk. I see. Josh. Go let him in there again. See him come and just throw a. His gui a bear it on a hall or something. You know being outdoors in South Florida light. You need to be countenemed. Ceptable shoes and the only place you have to take your titsies to get fitted right is Brandy Shoes and Pompano Beach all the smart choppers know that. The Dumbos they go to those department stores and get shot out. Brandy's carries major brands like Forshime, Echo Mufisto, Rockport, Hushpubby's new balance. Tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women. And even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes. Brandy Shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida. And when you go into Brandy see the fantastic selection and value and the great treatment that give you Brandy's. You understand why I worry about it and have been for years. Go see our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure he gets the right funding shoes for your feet at an unbeatable price every time. Unlike those department stores where you seem to wait for hours before somebody waits on you. And then whatever style you pick out they just don't have in your size. Sorry. Only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes. So just about bed Josh is life on it. Whatever you like they got it. Don't worry about science, selection, service or price. Brandy Shoes in 2019 or federal highway in Pablo Beach. Between Atlantic and Copa's on the East Side can't miss it open every day of the week. Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday till five. And this week again they've extended a special SASA of this week at Brandy's. Save 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's SAS thousand this week. So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's for fantastic savings this week or shop for your shoes right on their website at Brandy's Shoes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. And that's got to a break of hope. From the creators of the apprentice. Who do you think should get fired? It's Hillbilly apprentice. We can save lots of money. Our whole family could share one toothbrush. We can sell a rest on eBay. Heck, all 12 is only got nine teeth and you know, made teeth that you'd tobacco. I just swallow it whole week and sell brown bluer. I can't live without my business. I've got up, brand-lock, he's got two of them. We can sell brown bluer. I can't live without my two of them. Hillbilly apprentice. I can make money back to my unaware. It's the 1247 of QM9153 votes on the pool. We're kicking ass on there. And Jim DeFeed is finally going. Now I just looked up the box score from yesterday's game on NHL.com. 1346 they've tried to push off on a public as you tend to. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. 7 or 8,000 is what they had. I've been here. I've been here games when they had like four or four thousand. I will say this. I've never been to a panther game when it had as few people as some of the Marlon games I've seen. We're looking for a few hundred people scattered through the stands. Remember those days? Yeah, but I went to one this year that I worked. I swear there had to be 600 people there. Panther game? Yeah. There wasn't even a thousand people. I'd be willing to do that. You're not just talking at the beginning. You're talking about like in the middle of the game. I don't know because I was only there for the first period. But, well, someone does have me. What does that mean? They just are later rivals. That's all I guarantee by the end of the second period of release. 990, 950. Something like that. Come on. Sorry. Give for Alan Conquen, kind of a little slack Jack. Or he could have put you on a payroll. He could have bought you race horses. 955 votes on the full. The phone is dead as a door nail man. This is a tough week. I should have taken as we go off to. Maybe I will. Who do you hate the most? Rick Sanchez has even passed. I don't hate anybody. 204 man. They despise him. They remember those alien days when he was trying to interfere in the news of any. He wasn't covering it. He was like in, he was part of the story. Everybody got on the cell phone. Oh, don't go to the house. They're not going to be there. And sister jeans just had a hernia. And she and the janitor are doing it in the back room. Or whatever he was battling about. And luckily he couldn't get through. Remember that? Not really. No, I should mention Miguel members of it. That's right up his alley that alien he took stuff. Oh, he was he hated me like poison during those alien days. He used to have like a neo-roggies. Bruda. Stick in the ship and every chance he could get. And then what was over? What? Then after it was all over. Shiv is a knife. Shiv S. H. IV. You know, you got a dirty mind. Perfect. Who Doug? Rick's. Whoever just said that I can't you both start to sound the same now to me. Like, uh, I can tell like a big dance. Rick's dance is 204. I don't hate anybody. 200. I hate this pool when I'd seen. Well, don't they always? Joyce 104. Nice going. Joyce. Joyce. Bitch. Rich. Dan Levassard 79. Steve Mr. Eagle came 54. I didn't know that that. That. Many people still remember his ass. Who's buying his way on the ear to talk his right. He's suddenly born again right. When propaganda with his 82 adopted kids. George 44. Hank 40. Paul Kestin, over 38. Joseph, Ike 20. Neil Rodger 17. He made me like poison. But boy, they're listening. They wouldn't miss it. Greg Reid 10. Gildy Gildstein started to move up a little bit. He's got a nine. And you want to know why he's got a nine? I loved off from Robert Greeper. See, all the time I was there. And actually in that building, I never realized that two of them were time as a snare drum. I never knew that. Gildy and Robert. I guess it makes sense. Why? Because they both got faces and faces. And voices for off the ear. Right? Do you tell me? Although Gildy did he boy he hated Mo. I mean, you can't even begin with magic. Last couple times I came in there when Mo was still there. And he would. I got a graph on that chair. I got a graph on that chair. I got a graph on that chair. I got a graph on that chair. I got a graph on that chair. I can't even begin. Yeah, I would be coming out of the teahrom. And then they're doing an ace of doos. Whatever. And I come out of there. And he confronted me every time. And I just, yeah, I'll tell him was the hate him I guess with a mole. Master. Three Reynolds five Joe Bell three and Jim Naphini. Now we could have put Mo on there. Let's do it. See we gave it. We give everybody else a head start. All right. Part of the New New Rogers head start program. I mean, he's long gone. But so he's your re-rumbles is in New York doing overnight. Two about 40 people tonight. Right? Rich Sanchez. He's over there and CNN. They still hate him. To remember where's the hate him? At a special event, Fonti, well, a graduate style. I should have said melodramatic that punk will call him again. Rich boyfriend. President Bush is a parent order authorizing the senior White House official revealed to a reporter previously classified intelligence about. Sodom was saying, effort to obtain uranium came as the information was already being discredited by several other officials in the administration. A review of the records and interviews conducted during and after the crucial period in June and July of 2003. Who knew and who knew. Also show that what the aid, scuder livi said, he was authorized to portray as a key judgment by intelligence of his head. And in fact, we've given much less prominence in the most important assessment of a rest weapons capability. Pack a lies, pack a lies, smear and smear and lie through your teeth. He should have been impeached the long time ago. But no, he was involved in no sexual pecker dillows, man. He said that we know of. That's right. Mr. Llybysetty drew on that report. The October 2002 National Intelligence Assessment on a rack when he spoke of the reporter. However, they concluded about Mr. Hussain's search for uranium and period of him very deep in the report and part because it doubts about the reliability. The new account of the interactions among Bush Taney and Libby was spelled out last week and I court filing by Patrick Fitzgerald. I wonder if he knows very Fitzgerald. The special prosecutor in the CIA, Lee Case, it adds considerably to a picture of administration some disarray as the fate of discover listed weapons that Iraq had underbind the central rationale for the American invasion in March 2003. Against the backdrop of what's previously been disclosed, the court filing shifts particular light on Hamas and let's see, Jose Viscay, you know I think was on a cupstein too. Sheds particularly on Hamas to abortion some of his top activities have begun to pull in different directions. Even the semifatials including Colin Powell, then secretary of state, started to reveal deep doubts that Mr. Hussain has slightly rated him to be constitute his nuclear program. Bush Taney and Libby were sitting this similarly information is just in the act of non-credible intelligence while not discussing the actions of other fatpays. Why like crazy just making up his ego along which is why all these people are dead which is why you've got a bloodbath going on every day. Every single day it's a bloodbath over there. But nobody seems to care like I said before you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him wave it still and that's just the way it goes. I will sometimes like out of the racetrack they pick up their tail and put a big boy. Those poor drivers you know it's sitting in little sulky behind a horse and when a horse is man it doesn't make any difference where they're not worried about etiquette. When nature calls when it's that moment and they just look there tail and there goes almost made a sound there but have been a raspberry. Raspberry flavor. You know what I'm saying you see that? Well that's right you turn track guys although I've been to the track. Why I've been with him for a break yeah with Hank. Yeah. So you see what I'm talking about I'm sure. And especially those stirbras because they're very very high strong and uptaten so as we as they lift their tail and thought of being you know at least the jockey sitting on top. What the hell is the difference between like thoroughbred and what's that. Rating man breathing. Okay. Parnas horses are durable they warm up three miles before the race okay three times they come out warm up a mile. Three miles before the race if you did that with a third bed horse it would cook right there in a track. They're like china dolls. I've seen on the sense of the third bed track they come out in the jockey's are like barely they got their ass halfway up in the air I think that's a signal. But at any rate you know and then horses just like prancing a little bit then they get in the gate they run like two quarters of mile or eight to drop dead you know. Okay. They're a bread racing man. It really really sucks boring. Half out twenty five minutes to half hour in between races it's the pond risk. I think they invented it on the pond a rosé because it's really ponderous. Pumeras. Pumeras. Who was? Pumeras. He was probably doing a couple of times. No he wasn't. Yes he was. 1888. No. Yes. Absolutely not. I have the roster right. Why not a chance. He was 18 at one division. Rafael Pumeras. I don't think so. He was on there. I'm cheating. Oh he's looking at up. Two minutes to the sixth race to 10th of eight hours we got a few of them eight. And look at this look at the jockey stand. You know they're getting ready to go to the gate. And the jockey standing up and I was just pancing like this man. So slowly they don't put all that weight all that hundred and six pounds on him. And the horses name that they're showing is flunkest. Perfect for a third of our flunkest as rhymes with pinkess. Oh man. You won't catch me going to the third bread track no more. So maybe the woodbind I don't want the horses. The woodbind because I had the gambling problem you know. Do you want to tell me about? At least you admit it. Yeah. Got a bad problem. Wheel. Oh torture. And you're mind you're thinking okay I'm down like you know 800 and 900. You keep pouring the hundreds in there. And all of a sudden 1500 in the line. But I mean like that. I ran out of there man. I catch that I had like almost 400 credits plus the 1500. Got to almost broke even I ran out. I flew out of there. And I thought, god I feel like I just won 50,000. That's part of the psychology but man. Even if they extract a little bit of that money from your ass they still make you feel like she I had a good time at a fine time. So that counts. I wish you better than being there I'll tell you that. 257 at 560 WM software is famous for its trade shows. There are boat shows and car shows. Wridal shows home shows are fairs galore and lots more. Now if your trade show is zither the one I need to know is pub set. Pubset creates the absolute top of line attention. Grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays. Call 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 right now and pub set will get you set for your success. What it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade show displays. Pubset's been the very best for 14 years in town. 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 write it down write it on your limp wrist. 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 for pub set. From design to setup pub set can add all your trade show needs. And rest assured that pub set will separate you from the competition. Don't look second rate you only get one chance to look great. Pubset is the way to go call 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 or online it's pub set sf.com. For top not design trade show graphics and displays pub set be the way to go. Look for my picture under building long to see how your laugh your ass off just north of commercial. Call pub set today at 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75. This is new Rogers this is 5 16 15. It's not just the one to two hour it's the phenomenon. Hey, it's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. It's the way to go. The way to go. It's the way to go. Did you come out and jump and get me out? I thought I would jump. Yeah you would do it one day, you fall down, the jelly shells will use. Whoa man! Are you a maker? No, mate. One, old-three, and five, a six, two dayly, as Mr. Hockie or guessed the only online object today and Nundamark has we go to all that. We got a on the baseball step, opening day, that's right. when a lot of front running phoenix will be showing up hey we're making baseball fans once he is again the last year but it's opening day we can market them we can save they can probably save the ticket for a few months and then sell it on eBay right good buffet effect the panters least game tomorrow is uh... it's on and 1360 to the marlins game ends now the marlin game is it um... for a while or it's very possible at uh... yeah that game could be over by seven right yeah exactly now uh... yeah it could be you think so i mean it's almost three hours and of course the marlins be one two three i mean you know three and a half oh that's bad don't be stands as crap pot raise me stink i don't know how about the pot raise record so far i mean it's only four five six yeah five games and i don't know what the record is well by not you look it up yeah on he's so lazy like you're a joke okay the little work there for crisis for the big money you were paying you what's the uh... standies now just looking at the next week's there's a paper there something a newspaper or i read online thank you uh... but i'm going to the website right now who the pot raise still i have to go to the website just new uh... and and what do you want to uh... just to make you the baseball website that's what i do with that panters thing what's going to go to the newspaper you think i'm gonna waste my time trying to get in the sun sent a hero with a lot of times to put the attendants zero which i think they're closer than whatever it is said in the box world but zero idiots five six seven oh five sixty two sports intensive this week because it is opening a day thing in a crow tomorrow to a client no one's day because we got a early Wednesday and Thursday man it's unfortunate because nobody's gonna show up very jackass is maybe seven thousand on one day and if it's only seven thousand on one day and it was the first two of the series and it'd be about four thousand on Thursday i don't want to be a nigh at all but it's just realistic and and look at Thursday after the marlin uh... said they give you a month Thursday which pre-game starts at twelve thirty mad dog is the one you show at sofa king all or just is a little plural on my scheduler but away there just as bad as the marlin's right now sitting at one and four progress so good and means it could be a crap out or the days also one for someone i don't know what i want to say that i'm not even the same looming of what we're talking about the yankies okay what are we talking building a new statement there were expensive in the u.k. for the and he's there's two or a lead to talk about who good yeah that's right what about what is that have to do with the price of peanuts of the ballpark and cracker jack in the what's that stuff they have instead of cracker jack actually had a cracker jack at the hockey game right the first time but then also cracker jacks of the uh... pat at the uh... marlin and more we were discovered it's a test is it right what is it i don't know yay crunch in much there you go there much in the crap yeah it's basically a sincraft i like fiddle fatal myself and then on uh... so you know see but gully makes finally we services on friday two to four because rocker queen for me out the schedule probably not that is that is so shameful the audience doesn't want to hear and it's a matter of fact friday you know something remember how you should take the helium balloons and i would like a crack like this to ensure i think what i'm going to do is fill up a whole bunch of balloons friday or else get a tank of helium because we got david samson for hanging morning and then gildy it to a clock and i thought it's good enough that we got the a Roberto logos your wind gildy it's sixty thirty and then of course the uh... brother so it ought to be squeaky friday right and of course it is good friday so as opposed to having just the macaroni and cheese and two and a little casserole you can also have a little squeak of the friday and ever good sure i i think if you had too much of that air from the balloon i think you'd like pass out let's try now i'll i can always pretend i fast i just always want to do that you know especially george get so freaked out if there's like one second of silence you've seen it you've got silence and we hear yeah here that then you'll know too much too many balloons a thousand twenty one and he was then blowing on too many balloons thousand twenty one votes on the full tourty we'd sneak in and there no problem on the who the most ever i can give the results so i'm up to eighteen george's got forty five boy choice a hundred and seven for versus his his in the league of his own believe you made it is spizing it was evil things would happen to him there was somebody would run his agree as over do you want to go in hello to am to you a well allowed allowed to tell man extra loud i'm really surprised these phones have been working all the day after that in on species that we had what do you think that was all a boot yeah screw up on your end yeah probably like usual right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the horizon singular screw up on my back and w a m hello still out there on two w a m last call i knew yes sir you're talking about the recentures and when uh... he was trying to call on the clean answer remember that yes yeah i i called you with that story i was watching the news and uh... what happened was if you remember the details of the grandmothers were on the way over to a sister jeans play behind the beach right and the grandmothers were being flown by helicopters the amount of time because then there were going to be driven to sister jeans out while he just uh... other the blue just got the news that the grandmothers were not going to appear so then that's when he started calling the uh... folks personnel was driving the car which i think it was good here and he was trying to call him on the self for the long ago you got man's in front oh yeah i got a but i got a memory of everything that happened and and he was trying to call him but he says oh apparently they're not answering their cell phone you know because you know if you would call you would turn around you would stop that whole meaning from a car right yeah and janu never hooked up with sister jeans all right they'll take their boat thanks and there's a walking in cyclopidea of a trivial crap that's that's incredible like me with all my uh... no hockey and harness racing trivia stuff i can frantic junior baby look out here comes with a dark blue silks once cash to twenty five a one-shot with frantic junior driving how do you like that very nice and frantic who had only one thumb w q a m hello w q a m hello hey no i worry okay great you know i was thinking about your yesterday you know this they take a second to register but i'd watch in the masters and who's a maria all of the ball was in the continued i remember seven years ago and he wanted you were making fun of his name who's ever done it pausing maria maria all of the i'll be down yet so you know i'm a guy what kind of a guy's named maria that was the problem you were having with him what he's a whole of a guy off for though well i think that's what i'm glad to hear people who do something useful and productive yes worth maria's place to see if they have an idea maria's recias i think i think she's a developer shop cutting it short like the call five six seven oh five sixty how is maria's recias and the whole uh family to my me family yeah of drugs wasn't at some episode man oh please please let's have another one of those deals we could we couldn't have choreographed that better you know air v day the phones were just smoking that the phone was practically burning out we didn't like blown off the uh the circus were getting blown i mean you don't say i don't just say god oh my oh speak of that florida's first gay rodeo a success men and women road fucking broncos and had some fun dressing goats in tidy whiday underwear during the states first ever gay rodeo this weekend tidy whiday underwear so that's the image you like to project all you pansy's out there all you food flies you know wow participants competed in common and uncommon ready events during the sunshine stamp he did bourgeois rodeo grounds in Davy of all the places you'd least expected to be a gay rodeo of being Davy you know as in rye and cowboy having different meaning goat dressing consider one of the rodeo's camp events is one of two person team wrestles of pair of jockey style underwear on a goat and races back to the finish line before the goat can real him off it's a fun event to go dressing competitive rich valdez of colorado valdez uh ha the crab likes to see something unique unique the florida gay rodeo association hosted the weekend long fun razor for charity competitors by the traditional rough stock and speed categories including bull riding back home riding bronco riding camp roping and barrel racing as well as in camp events such as steered decorating and wild drag racing oh god making rye bull's rye brans and wrestled with steers said mic Williams chairman communications and media for the florida gay rodeo association he's known in rodeo circuit is cowboy mic he likes to ride him there's some pretty tough women out there too what woman and then shoot dog he and steered wrestling event prove that statement true about singing was steered repeatedly butter and then rolled her over completely butter okay want to make sure i said that right she was meant by a lot of flaws in the audience as you got up and walked out of the ring alright you go girl boy whatever you are you'll bull by more than three thousand spectators attended the rodeo on Saturday and Sunday head about the same attendance i think it's great to expect a gym island drove up from south beach with the event the people are here very friendly it's like a community event and of course they be a lot more friendly if you're like look pretty good oh it's bigger than just one more those never get off of that uh thing what's the deal with that is it is that like the new thing the gay cowboy it's not new they've been doing it for a long time they've been riding beer back well i guess it's timely though huh i'm saying everybody all whipped up i saw a little bit of tiny dark hole last night great movie you know i'd tell you one thing i never really thought about it that must be for but he sure looked a lot better than we did in that awful broke past mounting so you take you look okay like the little disturb the jake uh yeah exactly very just a little bit of the stir up side yeah i think there's some bad dreams in the course that was that was a wastly web it next monday some two of the gay families are planning to attend the annual White House easter egg roll to showcase themselves to the nation and president bush but some religious conservators say the families are crashing the public event and exploiting children for political ends we're not protesting the presence policies on gay families insisted Jennifer christler executive to the family pride coalition the organizer of the gay families attending the event we are however helping him understand the gay families exist in this country and deserve the same rights and protections all families need not so said marked tully directed the united methodist committee at institute of religion democracy and hate and influential conservative group it's the caches and not very persuasive for family pride to say they're not making the political same and totally said and if you last week in the conservative weekly standard magazine in January tully called the gay families crashers and surmised the president ruffevered b-hays who first held the public White House easter egg roll 1878 would never imagine controversy to the event was during a more than a century later court hostess of the event law abortion is adopted a neutral position all families have welcomed the easter egg roll provided they stick with the rules said her press secretary no more than two adults at least one child under the age of eight and a part of the university and a good to be roll them roll in big fat ones on the air white house line 115 at five sixty w q n dry concept is the best carpet painting company in the world i know that i've used in for over twenty one years and always rave about it because they never let you down and they want to remind you now that spring time is arrived official cleaning your windows doing a little dusting here there may give the hour to parents your home is clean high ever continually deeply all of the dirt and june or germs settled under your carpeting your furniture draper even in that bedding with those dust mites it says really isn't clean dry concepts is offering right now screen time special to help with all your spring cleaning and it's just a phone call away don't forget to add concept specialise in a post-reclining letter cleaning draper cleaning or annual rug cleaning water damage restoration pet odor treatments mattress clean the sick of those nasty dust mites and much more so don't just half clean your home this spring call dry concepts today they'll never disappoint have your home clean from top to bottom always show up on time always professional service always written guaranteed price up front no repost no scams so call dry concepts tool free in day brown to the palm beaches and tell the Troy tour did a call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 and to 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 line it's dry concepts dot com this is a new Roger watch solid this is 5 16 16 products ...that she's comfort with butst to paint herograph To have Карth Make sure you've followed Goop to time the planet Meet os and fools L失o With no turn to medicine To a crackdown To walk without a chance So though to rehab a gym Because there's cracks, soul to come and out her nose Rectown With me's got to make boy and her family homes Her baby proud, but with me to start working on her still hygiene Because she's not clean And this medicine I'm a little bit afraid of you Then you wouldn't have used to having a flat like this Crack is whack 21 after one in five, six, six, seven, seven, eight I got Kimbo camp for a gym, a man-ditch A rock, 47 this afternoon and Curtis had seven of he kid ten Ten's of thousands of immigrants School of the streets of Atlanta, other cities today And the National Day of Action Builders can't paint for immigrants dignity How much dignity can have when you break in the law In North Carolina and Dallas Immigrant groups call for economic boy Contest show their financial impact And Pittsburgh and other cities protest together Lawmakers or physicists To make their voices heard as Congress considers immigration reforms Ain't gonna happen by the way, ain't gonna happen And not as if he did that We all know, pay isn't the same everywhere A lot of people don't work for the minimum here So if they won't take the job, what's the problem Said 40 from a 70 year old Jose Salazar Who joined about 100 people outside Senator Arlin's perspective is office in Pittsburgh Related Day And Atlanta police estimated at least 40,000 We had 10,000 in Miami yesterday Waving American flags and chanting legalization And downtown Miami Not to Haitians by the way, I know they gotta call Said about the Haitians everything Must be foaming at the mile Yeah The protestors had a dual purpose in Georgia Supporting immigrant rights and actually And protesting state legislation And waiting to go to sunny Purdue signature We sure like his chickens That would require adults seeking many state Administrative benefits to prove they're in the country Legally Oh no, you shouldn't have to do that Just anybody, you know, I want the welfare I want my grab reslisten's I want 507 Chevy I want all I want, I want, I want, I want, I want Nina Castillo A 26 year old wait for some glutamal I said she's lived in the West for 11 years What I was scrap of paper What was not the sad commentary, huh? There's not tell you what kind of a great job we're doing I have tended to agree with old Lou Dobbs on this With old fat gel Lou Dobbs Ask whether she was afraid to parade or undocumented status And kind of a massive police presence She laughed and said why they kicked us out We're coming back tomorrow How do you like that? Isn't that a nice attitude? Yeah Great Carlos Carrera, a construction worker from of all places Mexico held a banner that read We're not criminals, give us a chance for a better life We would like to let them work a work with dignity We want to progress along with this country, say, Carrera Who said he's been in the US for 20 years Everybody I just mentioned that in passing In North Carolina hundreds of Latinos from her to skip work Or work out all purchases today To demonstrate the financial impact of the Latino community On area of Venice And Charlotte Simmons lawyers find to skip work And putting some of the blessing of their Latino bosses We're hoping that employers stop to consider what this is all about Organizer Adriana Galvez Said, no, it's all these people that they mentioned is Z Most of them, except that Carrera guy I think he's planning for a space for the Marlins tomorrow That if you need people here to do the work to buy Then give them a legal channel to get here He'll be saying Carlos, on and on I got news for it Let me say again if they give an initiative We'll legal is not on their saying Okay, it's 11 or 12, but it's probably 15 to 20 million They haven't got any idea to just pick those number out of their butts They've got any clue If they give the man in the sea, you're going to see a poor They're going to be poor from all the way down there In Argentina and Chile, man They're going to be like, they're going to be trekkin They're going to be trekkin all the way through Paraguay and Peru and Bolivia And Venezuela and Nicodadua and El Salvador And what am I leaving out? You know that? More than enough right there All the way up there, old Hershey High, when the court is right across the Mexico border with Texas and California and do Mexico and Arizona Even Marquilinsey is like all done on a ship You may cut off his ponytail Used to be rumors about Marquilinsey and Dick Clark by the way By the way, why do I speak in a Dick Clark? How's he doing? Every cover from that new year is at all, man Wow, looks like they were shooting him from the protocetary Public, look at how vegetable Didn't he? Look bad Because they lie a lot, you know what? What's there to me? Does he have any products that he sells? I mean, are people out by American bands then? Remember video or I'm saying so Does he still have any of those sweatshops? I mean, those restaurants are his. How about the one in Vesai? Did that still there? Miguel would know he hangs out of Vesai all the time Yes, yeah No, he had one of his restaurants there, right? In Vesai? Sure he did I don't know what his restaurants are You didn't see Fahrenheit 9-11? I know I was in bowling for colabine, I'm sorry. Were they willing to detriate the kid or kid that I suddenly shot that little girl? Do you remember that scene? You didn't see bowling for colabine? I did not see bowling for colabine. Josh seen it, absolutely. Yeah. And remember that woman was working like she was getting on the bus And they were from Flint and going to detriate to work in that mall I thought that part of the restaurant. And she was also making the fudge. She was making fudge for white people. As a matter of fact, I think it was fudge brown. They featured that flick. Speak of the dolphins. What kind of... When you change your name if your name was fudge brown, Well, who would name somebody like that? Am I right? I mean, there's worse out there. We've done that, you know, the bad name, Apple. Yeah. I want to work with the guy's name was Dick Green. Okay. But fudge brown? Come on. Fudge brown is coming to town. How come a job, brownie? Anyway. I think I do like fudge. But boy, it makes your blood sugar just skyrocketing. It's zooming because it's pure sugar, man. Yummy, right? I think it would also be really bad for your very high-glisey meat value as pizza. I mean, you're talking about all this pizza? Oh, don't, don't, don't. Including the pizza burgers. But pizza, man. They put sugar in the dough and they put sugar in the sauce. And between that and the, I don't know what it is about pizza, but as much as I love it, I can't eat it. That's right. I'm going to keep doing it. Yeah. You eat mine too. You go right in. Eat my quota. And what thing I discovered? You know, remember we're talking on Friday about the cheese sauce and a jar. Right? Well, I didn't actually look for that, but in one of my smaller supermarkets, I found like, uh, cheese, four cheese sauce. What is that? For like, Alfredo, like if you want to make fudge, you know, afraid of. Oh, yeah. And like I was saying, I fried it and making different, what kind of pasta you use with these different sauces. It's not written in a Bible somewhere that if you don't use the right views, a cheese on a pot, I'm spaghetti instead of macaroni, you're going to burn in hell. And so I took that four cheese sauce and I like brown up my beef, you know, my ground beef with some like sliced olives and put that in my, uh, my four cheese sauce on my pasta, man. Oh, man, a shivets. Is that good? Ooh, better than you can even believe. I don't think I'd had beef in cheese. And I'm very, if you will win me and you never hit like that. Well, I would pasta. Beefy macaroni and ever had that. Oh, boy, you'm going a man, you know, with El Salabar. You're supposed to be the experts on that. No, that's right. They probably didn't want to meet on Friday and they're with a macaroni, because they were that would send you to hell. That's right. Right. The macaroni and cheese, sands, uh, you can add your tuna in there though. I need to meet on Friday, man. Could have put your tuna in there though. We'll tuna noodle casserole, macaméan cheese. Mmm, no, that sounds a lot. Sounds a lot. Sounded like a good mix to me though. What? Like meat with the macaroni and cheese. Trying to think about that here. No. I'll have to try that. What do you like, Orthodox Jewish now you just converted? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We can't, like we know you're going to burn an hell for that. Why not talk to Gary Sardin or he'll tell you about his faith? It's faith. It'll turn your stomach into like a burning, cold, it'll be boiling and boiling in your put in your puppet man. Jesus Christ, that meat and milk combination. It's trough. Next thing you know, you'll be eating wood like one set of dishes instead of your milky Conflacic dishes and here at Pace Oph, time roll, as even Miguel knows about that about the two San Francisco dishes. I've heard some of yels pretty tired with Gary Sardin. Is Gary Sardin still there, by the way? Yeah. He's still in any stuck still alive. I believe he's the national sales manager. Well, was that tell y'all you need to know? This is Neil Rogers. He's trying to keep you safe. I smell it. Yeah, you see, Jay, you perform on the Grammys with public cards. You're not going to be the same. Yeah, sure. I can't see it today. And now, the whole becomes out of retirement. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. To do what with all the legend. Oh. Oh. Oh. What? What? Jay, you see. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You've never had more beautiful to watch than do you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jay, you do what he would to learn you. You want to talk, no. You know, this is here. I feel up, son. See, and I would give anything. I'd pastry his money to see her, like, hand blown off right in the middle of a news cancer on CNN. I would just, I'd give wild sexual assignment from that. A thousand, seventy votes on the pool. Who do you hate the most? I could put her on her, but she ain't like, what do she got to do with us? Rick Sanchez, 224. Man, by the way, that guy still dead the money went over from the same. Speaking of the marlins and the dolphins in that place, that stadium. I don't hate anybody, 120. I hate this full, 129. Joy, 110. They despise you, Joy's. They wish that you, you and Kira could be sitting there in the same same, my, uh, right, same seat. You'd be sitting in a lap. Dan LeBastard, 84. Mr. Ego, Steve Caine, 60. Wow, that isn't a astonishing number for someone who's become so obscure. George 47, Paul Castinova, 44. Hank, the Humper's got 42. Not too bad. Joseph Gaki, 32. Mohan Howard David, it laid the vision 26. It is climbing and climbing. It don't fall off now, Mohan climbing. New York 20. Greg Reed, gone, but certainly not forgotten. 11. Most of those I'm sure from inside of the stadium. Gellies got 11. Joy Reynolds, 8. Joel Bell, 3. Jim DeFetus, only one. 177. We'll get to 1100 before the end of the show today. Aren't you excited about that? Even without George. Even those George applications this week. That amazing. And we still do it without George. And we're going to do it with the Amicale to Markers. Miguel's going to be a gate F. Yep. Stands for Freakin Marlins. With your little crow. You know, you're going to be on the air with him. What are you going to be doing out there? We're giving something away or not. Is it? Would that be a joke? We always give stuff away. Well, like what? What are we giving away? Well, we have our baseball t-shirts. What? What? What? What? Well, kind of the arīsky was going to be a trend with you. Lot's of that. So maybe one different thing. Well. It's really awesome. We, the one that is doing this for general responsibilities. That's the one that sits here. It's probably the ground after the program. That's really cool. Right? Writing your next speech. I'm trying to see if our models will be used as an ultimate role. Doc, this is actually a great remark. It'll be easier. Fr between two important things.ити, t, t, t, t, t, t or less, folks. To be honest, it's a good idea anyway. All folks are really quick to say. Let me go. I mean, sir, hearts out there across the street, man. Your buddy, Stu gots and all the other losers across the street. We got the crow, okay? We got a man that nobody in the world would dare to put on the air, set us. And we got another one too. We got Lady Marquez. And we got that one. So each year parts out over there with your one shares. Losers. How many two a.m. hello? Neil, I have a petition here with well over 100 signatures to get you off the air. We'll be fighting into the F-C-C. And listen, listen. When you're sitting around the maple, locate, let go of it once in a while. Let it get some air. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pond 5 60, and they've arrived in a regular rava's line. That's a new tack, okay? At least they got a new piece of material like I told them last week. Good off the old stuff, get on something new. This one's already steel, okay? Come up with some new for tomorrow. Come up with something new for a piece off, okay? Don't be too way, I'm hello. Q. I am. Yes, good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon. Yes. Listen, talking about, I was, I know you are at the American and don't need to watch street. But I was, no, you had the first part, right? Yeah, well, I, unfortunately, you do read street as specialized groups. But I was about at least at least I keep my Azul card manager. You know, I saw Hank on the ear on the Saturday with all to be spectacular. I told him it to woodman more on ABC. And I thought to myself, I'm looking at him. I'm thinking, this is a man who's diabetic and doesn't take his blood sugar and I'm thinking of a dead man in a brown. No, no, he is the rest of humanity. Anyway, I was in the Indian. You must be out of this work, because I don't know how he does. I would think he'd go on. I wasn't an English cruise. Three since the last week, because of my off. I was a bit of a crazy cruise. You don't know on an English cruise? I was in the Patagonia, you know what that is. You know, the words all the way south and the Antarctic. Anyway, I thought, and in the dining room, the couple next to me, we happened to be from Toronto. They're English people, but they live in a lake in Toronto. And they neglected to them, a beautiful family. Oh, you know, yeah. And they ordered dessert. And I think you would love to dessert that they ordered. It was like anish sponge cake. Very soft with the racist inside and the light cream. You know what the name was at the 30? No, it was part of a spotted dick. Oh, yeah, that's an English thing. Right. In fact, there's a pub here in Toronto. Let's call this spotted dick. Really? That's a British dessert. Well, of course, the British also have, I don't know what it actually is, but it's called Tode in a hole. Yeah, yeah. And that's true. Tode on high. I swear to you that I thought of you. And I mean, that's why the British is so constable. Right. I don't know. You know, it was on the, I was right. I tried. And it was, it was not good at all. Anyway, the same idea is a very popular name. It was in Spain. You know, and it was in Spain. Of course, it's in Toronto, Joseph and Mary. That Jewish couple. The very famous Jewish couple. And that had his suit. Yeah, no. Same idea. And he's the same idea. That's a very, very one of the most popular name in Spain. Oh, so. So anyway, I ran out of those things to tell you a happy, happy, happy, happy, happy Easter. Yeah, happy Easter. And what's over, too? Okay, my friend. I said, I've been in the middle of the way. No God knows. I mean, I'm going to make you in the air to朝. Cause I'm in the air to watch the last episode. Oh, God. Oh, God. Toatseans, do we. My God. What? I've, I've about fell over from that call. He's cries a good guy is his chronic. That's all. He's just, uh, turning him into well. He does. He's a good guy like I said, okay. There's some chronic, so our jackass is we're eight holes. And there's some chronic, so our good guys, but I'm not going to say we like him. That he's a good guy. Now we've already talked about those British or gostasurerers mind as though hunt but then he can use one of Miguel's people so. I guess the toad in the hole looks like some kind of sausage. Well don't stand up too fast. I have a here that has a habit of falling out. This is Neil Rogers. This is a British 16th. God. Donald, I understand that Melania is breastfeeding and her breasts are huge. Yes, bigger, better, strong, but more beautiful. You've got to be true. I am. They're both very, very fascinating. I have a good relationship with them. And we have a lot of fun. But sounds like it. Melania, you thought? I'm considering it. Okay, I'm just having fun. And so my breath. I can imagine. I would crazy. Okay, I get the idea. No, no, no, no. Ron, is it any fun for you? I don't think so. That's all I can say. 146 look at that. The Catholic Church is all whipped up supporting the League of Aliens because that means you know, it's part of the war in numbers, you know. Isn't that great? Yeah, they're encouraging them to break the law. So the Catholic Church far beyond from the priest they were break the law, except of course, molesting little boys. Well, that's just more boys coming in, you know. You've heard the more young boys and of course more sluppers to put the pesos in the collection plate every Sunday. They'll show them. You went in mind. Yeah, that's right. They've got assured as of all three boys. And so we need to bring in more than illegal Aliens. Vangers and manchets. Another one of those great specialities at the British. You know, I got a friend that's going to London at the end of the week for a few days. I've never, well, I've been there at the airport, but I sure has never gone to the city and ever. One of the places I would never ever go. Really? Why is it again? Really? Why? You have a desire to go to London? Yeah. For one. I have a great museum. I have friends that have been there and said it's probably one of the best places you could ever go. You want to see the English spades? One of the best places you'd go for what? Well, anything. What's not to do in London? It's a huge city. What can't you do in London? I don't understand. What's negative about London? It's a little British. OK. Yeah. And crappy food. And the weather sucks. It's rains almost every day. It's cloudy and damp and rains. And you got all the queens running around. Lot of queens in London? Well, it's like here, too. Sunrise. We've got a place that's where it's really great to be sunrise. Sunrise residents of Longacre community. Promise W. heard as they voice suggestions to a new Walmart Supercenter. Plan for construction, addition to their homes. Bangers and Mag. Expect expected to operate around the clock. 176,000 square foot stroke at open as soon as late next year at the Southwest corner of Oakland and Pine Island. But homeowners setting a litany of concerns that they would call on commissioners to preserve their quality of life. And blocked the stress construction, which we say, you know, guys. We are definitely going to get a group to go in there. We're going to get some flyers out and send some material to sunrise lakes. Phase three, which is the south of the Plans tourist at Karen Parente. Residents, you up, would divide into working groups, conduct research on crime traffic and taxes, and give the commissioners every possible reason to vote against the Supercenter. If we get united and put up a good, probably can do this, he said. While the proposed to res out on the agenda for tomorrow's commission meeting residents hope to use the meetings of former dress commissioners more than 30. About 30 minutes. Longacre residents attended a nearly two-hour meeting. Her last week in local hotel ballroom, opening the session attorney Susan Motley. Member of Motley Kuhnod, out of Spain that she represented Walmart, was there to inform residents of the source plans and find out what residents wanted. We want what we wanted to interject in Ralph Parente is you not to move in. Nice going Ralph Well said. When it doubt gets a hell out. Residents voiced many objections to the store, which were placed in store for the Northeast corner of Oakland University drive. Among the issues raised was need as one resident abroad with her Walmart dot com, Matt showing 11 Walmart stores already located in Broward 11. Other concerns address how the store is parking lot. Life could illuminate their neighborhood. Whether the trash system would bring noise in odor. Whether crime IQ up. What effect the store would have on traffic and with local property venues could sever. Let it doubt keep their ass out like he's going out all over the country. More and more people are getting banned together. We don't want no Walmart by us. Go away away. Go away. You grave robbers. You lunatics. And of course, I'm sure that Walmart they're not for illegal immigrants are they? Oh man. Now it's changing the name of their business to slave labor be y'all. 116 votes. Who do you hate the most? Rick Sanchez, 220 on the poster child for hating South Florida. I don't hate anybody. 227. 20.5% we don't believe you at all. Maybe maybe 3 a year. Maybe. And just like what we do this for us, we ask people about their prejudices and they're all. Oh, I love everybody. You know you don't. You're you're a liar. Even on anonymous poll, they don't want to admit that the bigots, you know? Everybody's got a little bit of bigot like Timmy Dean says is a little bit of bigot in everybody. I hate this poll 131. Choice 115. Nice going. Joyce. They're out of your ass. Damn. The vast herd 89. Mr. Wego. Steve. King 60. George 51. He's like only in the pack. He's how they hate me. No, they're not. They're just your crap. Casted over 45. Hank 44. Choice a gacky 32. More Howard Davis will write up on Joe's ass 28. I got 20. I got 20 that says they're all listening to your all of 20. Reg Reed 12. Gell the Gell seems got 11. He's right on Greg's butt. Wouldn't be the first time. Tory Reynolds 8. Joe Bell 3. In Jim to speedy one. He also had a Joe Bell 3 roast came in early. I didn't vote for my voter for Joyce. So let's see. The water must see would be one. See, nervous lab Miguel would be two and Joshua B3. Nope. Did you vote? I did. And who do you vote for? I've always choice. Do it. How about me, yeah? I've texted me the most. He's the only one I can vote in building. So that's right. You can't and the whole building. That's right. See, this is why we can't get more than like even on a really great day. Like a couple thousand votes on our poll. Because if you're like, it's that AOL crap. Is that what it is? No. What is it? We're all in the same network. That word, you know? No, but I mean, like if you're in a building where everybody's on a same network, you're in You vote fast. Nobody else can vote, right? Right. So people are quick on our website and they see the poll. They see the result, but they can't vote. Well, that's a bunch of crap. He keeps us from freepinning. It does what? No, but if you have a building with a hundred employees in it. Right. And nine years ago, they're more near Rogers stand. You know, only one guess of, oh, I'm up to 21 now. I think I think Joe Bell just voted. This is Neil Rogers. He goes on a fair list. This five 16 Tuesday. I thought was that. Oh, look. Huh? You all right there? No, look what just happened. I knocked it down here because when my finger slipped, I almost hit Lee and Farts. You know, that Lee and Ryms good. Oh, that would have been funny. I would have kept you really busy man. You'd have been banging it and hitting it and smacking it. We end for it. Let's play a little bit of that. Oh, you got. Let's not find out. Okay. Let's, that we got this far. Let's not find out of this junktree is the way I would've said. Oh, speaking, we got time for this one story. And maybe for a quick call. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, he's a squaming. WQAM. Hello. Hello, me. Yes, sir? I love me some you fair. Okay, I'm glad. Go back where you came from with a holy accent. Time to stand photographs will show an exotic dancer was already injured and very impaired. Time to stand photos when she arrived at that party where she claims she was rated by members of Duke University's Men's Lacrosse team and attorney for one of the player's head yesterday. She was impaired. The hermitry in Bill Thomas said some of the photos taken when she arrived at the house. Indicate the woman was injured before getting the party marks 13. They show extensive bruises and scrapes on her legs, especially around the knees he said. Now, here comes the real Q2 grass. This young lady was substantially impaired. She had fallen several times during course of the evening Thomas said. Now, you know, like, what do you go out and you shoot a moose? Okay. Listen to me. And if falls, maybe several times it's saggers around her fall several times. What do you do with the moose head? I don't know what you do with it. You put it on the wall. What do they call it? They call it you mounted. Right? Right? And she was an exotic dancer and she fell several times and so obviously it would cross players figure. Well, what do you do? You mounted? There you go. See? Very simple. Don't take shy lock home to figure it out. But if I don't throw watch them over, you won't like it. Even though the last lines got through about it, we were ahead of bringing hangback. It's got a Q. The man who moved too much. H got a bit of you. Like any H got movies beside psycho? No. No. I don't know. What else? North by Northwest? I haven't seen it. Rope? Never heard of it. Never heard of rope? No. I know it rope is but never heard of it. Group. You know it's 58 degrees already. The sun is shining in man and they're full of it. They can never. It's going to be like in the 60s today. So I'm going to get there a lot of time. Bye bye.