You brought me You got Nobody has yet to be Where the bag is Oh you are You're fairly Did you feel depressed? Are you sick of the Miami Dolphins? Do you want something a little exciting for a change? No! Oh, you're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! You're so cute! And a guy? Oh, wrap jumping, bruh! Even now, a dozen of them down with the garros! I have to know what I'm talking about. You come with that, I'm out. You should get to my 90. You don't come in the front, oldie, playing and stuff. You're crossing over there. You're crossing, still. You can't go with that, play, something more. If I say, you can't cross, play. I was about to put on the other side and say that. No! So if you want real entertainment, check out the Miami Harbor chair. It's a wrap baby! Anyway, QM sports time is 10.01. I am to gather her that before in my life. Are you kidding me? Do they say it all the time? Everyone everywhere says it every time. On this station, we make fun of them all the time when I do the show. I never heard that in my life. We don't know what that is. I came up with a four-hour time. Yeah, it's different from regular people's time. Well, that's what I was thinking. What is sports time is compared to just clean old pedestrian regular time. You multiply regular time by pi r squared. The square root and pi r squared. And then you get the sports time. Oh, do you get a pi in the face, too? Yeah. Remember like, Ron, her seat and those great bits that he did on the... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, remember? I was just thinking about that a couple of days ago. Why were you? Here's the poll from yesterday. Let's just move right along. Okay, let's start knocking everybody. This is because they won't listen to your stupid comments. Mr. Antisports. Go campers right. It's the Antisports remain. George isn't there like he hates forest. Yeah. I just hate watching it and talking about it. And I agree. I don't mind watching it. In fact, we've got a hockey game on here somewhere. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Hey, back the road. There's this guy. That's fine. Two of those little old, other leave game from about 100 years ago. Why should we lock that or then? I'll say it then. Anyway, who else is? No. No. No. No. No. The old, the order to change is simply solid. You get your test on the beat. Steering pass. No. Did anyone hear the whole game? Is that a trick question? What do Americans do better in anybody else in the world? We were four years later. We had 1750 votes, 1400 plus during the show. Wow. No. 1500. Wow. Spend money on cramp, 522. Yeah. Those run her seat bits and retrospectively. Really funny. No. Stay stupid. 200. 200. Not in the age. And now we have 2040. What is clearance getting fired? That's it. That's our poll question today. How much laundry is going to be before Joe Bell finally wakes up and realizes the occurrences a moron and idiot. A silly sports nerd. You're fired, Clarence. Can I reality 2040? That's what we're doing to Q and we're denying reality. Make war 150. Kill 130, which I guess goes hand in hand. Although they do a lot of kill and each other too. Pollute 110. Waste time 69. They do movies better than anybody else 60. They screw their brains out 52. Although like I was saying yesterday, it's, you know, the human functions, Vowbaly functions are pretty much the same. Yeah. Party slash get intoxicated. 37. They lie. But turn in anybody else 30. Medicine 22. I hate this poll only 12.6%. 0.6. That sounds like one of our morning numbers. And drag badly. 10. I guess these people have been around. Or maybe they just have heard the stories about how they draft so much worse. In like other places, which they do. Although South Florida sure puts US in a running. Here's more good news from Iraq before we get into today's pool and important stuff. QM sports time, by the way, is 10 or 4. I never heard that before. Are you serious that the people in our station actually say that? Listen, I've been making fun of it for years. I never heard that. Try to get an explanation. What does it mean? The explanation. Are you supposed to say that? QM sports time. According to a clearance, the QM sports time is the time we take the breaks on the log. What are you talking about? I asked him that question. What is the QM sports time? When did you ask him that? When we were making fun of it recently. When George was doing the show? Oh. Well, even if it's in George to be making fun of anything, who was sports. That's the time we take the breaks. No, it's not. Then we're taking any break when he said that. We're coming back from our break. So we were saying QM, Poon time, QM casual sex time, and VIA. Just to be different. I don't know what time that is either. Sounds more interesting to me. Here's a good news from Iraq because let's face it. We are not going to say the course. For US Marines, you know, I had a quadruple head around the throne this morning. Wow. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I don't know what time that is either. But yeah. Huh. Sounds more interesting to me. Here's a good news from Iraq because let's face it. We are not going to say the course. For US Marines, you know, I had a quadruple head around the throne this morning. Wow. I mean, I don't know. To 96, we got a shot at 100. Oh, yeah. Just staggering. The new monthly tool equals the previous recent monthly high. And that October of last year, continuing a trend that has October on track to be the Debtliest month for US forces in two years. You can hear those voices screaming. I'm dying out of the hands. And of course, they're dying for a good cause. That's what your president told us yesterday. We still haven't figured out what that cause is. But freedom is on the march. I don't want to make money. That's right. That's cause. It was spread democracy all throughout the Middle East, whether they wanted or not. Now today's poll, Halloween. When is Halloween? Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday. Well, are you getting ready to get your sack of electric retreating? One of those. There's the phone at birth. There's a package downstairs. But I'm sure it's nothing important. Maybe it'll be a treat. Halloween is we have not in 27 boats already, which means we're going to have a thousand very soon. By the way, Q.M. SportsTime is 106. I just, it's just, you know, I realize that the sports all decision is like a sickness and that, and that they're doing numbers that are so infinitesimal. I just embarrassing. But you're just not making any progress with Kenny. He's obviously, I can't say a lot bigger than you are. There's no quite a lot more intimidating. I've said everything I can say. Yeah. Well, you know, nobody listens to me. Well, I mean, he's decided to listen to Clarence because he wants to keep the gig. Kind of. Halloween is we have not in 37 boats, fun. Trained 90. Only for little kids to 58. Annoying 94. Stupid 66. The good thing in my building here is that they have a big sign out of it. It is no one door to door trick or treating a lot of it. They have like a special room. In fact, they're inviting people to go out and buy candy and donate it at the a concierge and leave the candy so that they can give it to everybody's kids. School that. Because if I go out and buy a bunch of candy, you know what's going to happen, don't you? You're going to eat it. Right. That big. Halloween is annoying 94. Or going to come on. Most give me a break. Fat, take my ass. Yeah. You're right. The lamb fat. On 94. Stupid 66. A waste of time 47. Well, come on now. Wait a minute. I hate this pool only 26.7%. It's witchcraft 26. It's a witchcraft. It's a witchcraft. I mean, you don't have that. On capital records. Right. It's a witchcraft. He was so bad. And dangerous 20. Well, stay in dress if you're like going out there and do a bunch of nasty things. Dangerous for the kids. If they give those poison apples. Apples with the razor blade and stuff like that. Yeah. And I've come to find out there never was. There's just a herb in me. Another urban legend. The apple with the razor blade. There's never was any such thing. Although in Buffalo once upon a time, many years ago, bunch of prankster kids. You know, bunch of really jackass kids. What they did is they took like, um, uh, I guess screwed rava. And they made, they went up and down to railing you and they made like indentations in the wooden rail and the railing. Okay. And then they stuck upside down razor blades in there. You know, they're all to let blue blades. Yeah. That's not that. Ooh man. Can you even begin to imagine? I'll talk about that. I mean, mother, we don't give apples out on Halloween. What do you people think? Why not? It's your better for you. I can't be in. You won't write on a case in, uh, cause cavities. What are you working for the dead last association? You'll get the apple. You're a jackass. George of Josh again, a real treat tomorrow. Yeah, we are. Jackson's is bringing in ice cream and we need these. That's right. All right. You know, you know, my dad. I talked to him. I just find it out. Well, there you go. And Jackson's annual anniversary celebration is going to be held on Saturday to February 18 from 7 to 10. The 10 payments, the major fundraising event for Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital. Last year, they raised over 10 grand. Originally completed a pediatric emergency care facility includes a treatment room sponsored by Jackson's. This year's anniversary celebration features a musical and video retrospective look at Jackson's two-day decades. They've been around for a zilly near Jackson's. Fifty years. Musical celebrity entertainers be on hand-hook rocked the night away. Other activities of the anniversary celebration food, a silent auction or raffle sponsored by dozens of local business and businesses. And the sale of food and stock drinks from which all proceeds benefit Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital. There is a lot of money for them they have. So there are 50th anniversary party in front of the reason is number 18, 7 to 10 fee and Jackson's in the venue of course. But let's have legendary place. There are too many places around it have been around as long as them. Most of the great places from days of long gone by are long gone. By the way, QM Sports Time is 10-10. I just, I don't know, that's just a company off guard, I guess. I was just sitting in your mighty mountain business getting ready to do the show. And her, can you say QM Sports Time is not something I thought, what are you talking about? What kind of drugs are you doing, man? That is scary. Sports Time, I ask. So that's a clear and sting. I mean, as if I have to wait. I think it's been, I think the only way we're going to stop this situation is to assassinate clearance. And I wish one of you wants to take that on. Oh, you know, me, I'm a pacifist. I don't get involved in this. Come on, Josh. You're only room for one. Josh, you're QM. Oh, we've got two more. Yeah, there's like eight Joshes here. I have to go post. I have to go post. Josh, Chrome. Yeah, they got a QM. Oh, he's a good guy. That's a little Chrome stun. Look, Chrome from WDN, WS, I can tell you lots of the Chrome stories, but then Josh Chrome will get off so I better not do it. I'm sorry, go ahead. Josh, where does it get tight? Well, so that's because his father's knitted, does mean I'm seeing he is. He's a good guy, probably. I mean, look at Jick's son. Anyway, and who's the other Josh? I think that's it. You said there's a couple more. Well, I live. We live. We miss counting. Well, I mean, is that you're stuck with a job now. You've got to assassinate the upper render. Oh, here's a great story. And maybe that kill him right off the bat. If you want to get the message you're crossing this story, middle plant, let me say, a subliminal idea in your brain. North Fort Myers, where else could things like this happen? A North Fort Myers man has been charged with aggravated battery. He allegedly bit off the finger of a 76 year old man. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay, just go bite him. And you, Avallmar 35 was charged this week after he literally bit off an inch of the man's finger, accordingly, news press. Avallmar was asked to leave the victim's home last week, but returned in tempted to choke the man with a jacket. The victim's wife used a utility knife to cut away the jacket, please report said. Reports indicate the victim was trying to get Avallmar off his wife when his finger was bitten. Avallmar was arrested on Saturday for trespassing released on Monday. He was charged Tuesday with aggravated battery, causing bodily harm or person who easily county jail. We'll come to bed out by the way after you bite off the surface of the finger. We'll come and bed out. I'll send a check down there. All right. Josh. Oh, I'm serious. That's the only way. It's obvious to me that your girl just don't get it. Either that, maybe Josh has got naked pictures of Joe Bell. Back to when his lymphase in. Where he had certain of, no private problems. Yeah, probably his private, but it wasn't that. He had trouble peeing or something like that. I guess we can't talk about such things. Yeah, we can't talk about much of anything. That's that's the amazing part. How the hell do we do it, yeah? What? Well, all. By the way, QM Sports Times 1013. The biggest name. So, the best talent is that. This will be a rock. Probably can't give him a video 560 issue. A-and. At George Dissis Robert, I'm playing an ad-atown old time on business. Whatever. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and then have to find the Rogers. Be honest with you. A static. Very pathetic. And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in on Sports Times radio, it is horrible. So, I'm definitely trying to find somebody who's here in that pressure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. Just tell him one day we'll all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day. Oh God. Jennifer, you know there's been some rumors that events have been cheap. I honestly, I've got to say I have to see it. Well, you're going to see it now because I've got photos. Here you go. Oh my gosh. Yep. His tongue is so far down or throat. He can taste our G-strike. Oh, I see. This is stupid. And here's a picture of him writing her like she was Steve Viske. We are so over this. That's so big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. Jennifer, I got to confess. We photoshop both of those pictures. What's more than ever happened. You're not never be allowed to post people. Ten 18. If that's our QM Sports Time, see I'm going to remind me to be saying that now. I'm not just not going to have to say that. Well, we'll try to get in the habit. We don't want to be out on the limb. Okay. We don't want to be out of the ordinary. We want to be a part of this thing. Don't we? No. Yeah. We'll write an L-S-Q-A-M bacon time. I'm going to head mine. And I know. Thanks always. Thanks to our friends at Howys. And thanks to our buddies at the Jackson's for bringing all that ice cream and we need to be in charge of that. By the way, speaking of the judge, Clarence, if I was you, I'd be real. Josh told me during the break on the intercom. I said, I'd be real careful. Next time I started my car, our Clarence. They have those mirrors on the end of the stick. You know, the impact underneath what? Yeah, Clarence, I'd stick it. Demercrassive, taken in 11.0. lead, 44 to 33% of our Republicans' less than 2 weeks before the election. And according to a very latest word or zagbie pool, it's hot in my hand in the page two. That's what Mark Foley said. I'd like to have a hot page in his hand. Well, there's strongly favorite Democratic candidates over Republicans in November, 7. Oh, I speak of that. How's that movie coming? What's the name for it again? Mean Creek. Hmm. Like, mean Creek. Have they killed that kid yet? Orbiter and I turn out there's a lot of language. I forgot about that. Yeah, lots and lots of language in there. Yeah, like that. Well, there's strongly favorite. Well, I'm going to tell him, but I have to do another joy. So you're doing this nice break while in fact, I might have to do it right now in the chair. That's usually me, I'll run into the bad. I don't understand what that's all about. Here's George. No, I don't think so. No, if I didn't superior, I'll understand what happened because I'm sure that's where I might care like somebody we know. Well, there's strongly favorite Democratic candidates over Republicans in November, 7. Congratulations. Harvard growing doubts about the Iraq War and the country's future, what it says. Growing doubts, while they're a little bit slow, but they're finally catching on. The poll also finds that about 50% of likely voters believe US truth can be pulled out of a rack by the end of next year, including 15% of favor and immediate withdrawal, like me, and 20% of one out by a middle next year. Eleanor Clifke, Eleanor Your Srollner, the political analyst for Newsweek examines the political climate that give Democrats a print of our lead. She says the voters are repeating one part of government and she predicts that the GOP will suffer major losses. Like Stan Major losses, whatever happened to Stan, is he ever going to pay me back that money? No, that's the joke, Stan relax. Well, the good news is Danny Rolling is, didn't you have said it? I'm not excited. Why? You ought to be excited, man. You ought to be having a party in your pants. Right? Rolling, the man in murdered five university of Florida students and tons of the against villain to panic in the summer of 1990 was executed last night. The governor's office said Rolling could do that around 613 PM. I guess 13 was an unlucky number for Danny too, huh? See that? Danny Marielle? And by the way, I don't know about you, but I don't want to say it. I don't know what to say. Danny just go away. No, go away, man. Hey, how are you? He's just everywhere. Rolling didn't give a last word just before he died and steady sang a hymn in his honkings of withdrawal. Rolling who had a pedicus or advisor minister to minister to him before his executioner repeatedly sang, none greater than the ill or none greater than me. I would love to have heard that, not. The song also made right? Well, the reason I've played that voice mail, which is pretty obvious though, yeah, he's looking for all sports radio. See anybody that's looking for all sports radio dropped in? That's my comment. Get a life. Please. I have no life. This is the best thing you've got on all sports radio. Even during the summer book with George Amos and the time I'd say that, we'd know this respect. I don't take it. I've been your part. I said no. I mean, like I said, you'll Rogers. GOO! George Amos is no good. We said it with a 7.3 share of midday and around us is, huh? But God forbid that, you know, we should have something on the, about right? How about those dolphins? They really suck his nixie, but really in the idea. And now what? Why would anyone want to talk about anything else? That's right. Well, if you have a sports time, it's 1022. I just, I still can't believe he said that. You have to hold you. No, you have to do a better job. I'll give a tune to him. I've done my damnedest. And I told you they were ding-dong, and the death didn't I? They're ding-dong, and I'm going to. Well, where's your well with that ding-dong? Where's Francis Horowitz when we need her from ding-dong school? The song also made a reference out of the new testament book of Corinthians about the song. Sing to a glass now, darkly. Danny Rolling was singing last night, saw through a glass now, darkly. About 15 members of the Dickens family's watched the execution, some is stone-faced, some shaking their heads and some grimacing and rubbing their eyes. Some were rubbing their f***. The five victims, students who had just rounded, you have to have to disobey them and we're preparing for classes, remodeling, some of the boon were, sorry. Sexually assaulted. Rolling done after a final appeal of the U.S. Supreme Court was unsuccessful. He played guilty in 1999 to the murders of a stuff in names we know. We need to go through the names again. No. During the afternoon yesterday, about 200 people gathered outside Florida State Prison about evenly divided between pro and anti-death penalty advocates, supporters of death penalty among them, friends of the victims began cheering and whistling when news that the ex-heavened a quarterly time. I was making the John Wayne Gasey execution. Remember that? Uh-huh. And he was so cocky that he right up until the end, he thought he was going to get off the hook. He gave me off the hook for all time, say, can't do it. Perfect. But how does it that that penalty stood in the surface when he began singing amazing grace? Oh God. It's just just for the victims. It doesn't bring them back, at least. They know he's going to meet his maker. See just like that guy said, I'm not a voicemail. He's going to have to meet his maker someday, you know? They'll come! Marvin Maker, he's still grabbing him out of cello, I bet. Said, Tommy Wilson 34, who was to be the roommate of victim of Sonya Larson and Christie Powell. Oh, I love that. Wilson did not have chance to move in yet before we're fellow students, who's singing that? Who's singing that? He caught him. Judy Collins, good Canadian girl, I ain't you? I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong about this. Better Google Zee. See, what am I talking about? Look after, look down up, sure. Of course you. I don't know. There we go. The great best in Judy Collins. Co-file. Where is it? Where is it? Where is the official loan? Where is it? Where is the official loan? Where is the official loan? Man, she owed it all to me now. Wow, who? How does he ever look really good? Wow, wow, wow. She is nasty. Here's her big head. Full size now. No it's me. Do it, Judy. Where is the beaker? Where is the, where is the, you know? Go to he's that? Yes. Especially if we did Wikipedia though, we could find out what am I looking for? Where is he? Where is he? He's running out of sports time. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, I got news for him. Man, that's what your problem is. It's always sports time. We'll never run out of sports time. When you're in the occurence, a zero world, it's always sports time. You never run out. Even at the end of time, it'll still be sports time. And if you look at those numbers, I think we're getting close to the end of time. Oh, man. I think some people are getting close to the end of time. Two amps for it's time is 1026. It's just, it's just a me, you know what it's like? It's like really cosmic. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's in the same category. In fact, if I were to think a one word for it, it's just stupid. That's it. Excellent job, Mo. What is it? Stupid. Right. That's what he had his thumb in it. And blow any pulled it out. Man. Who's people running like crazy? Hey, you got a run right over to Lou Backroacheverly right now because they got a fabulous month and we just got a few days left in October. We want to help them get to their goal. They want it for the first time. Their history sell a thousand cars in one month. So they've got Lou Backroacheveries race to a thousand going on right now. And Lou Backroacheverly you'll find the largest lesson to new news cars including those hot new corvettes. The ultimate, not just the elements sports car. The ultimate vehicle in the universe. Take it for me. I know I've been driving for a long, long time. They got your trucks and CVs, the biggest lesson minivan. Anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting at just 39. They've got to be five everyone are backed by a car, fact, guarantee. And just like me, you love car shopping and Lou Backroach because there's no high pressure. They give you a fabulous service. Their sales people are friendly. They know their crap and their selection of vehicles and prices are unbeatable. Lou Backroach after sell a thousand cars this month and they're staying open till midnight. They're going to get to their goal. Like us here on the show we got a thousand, seventeen votes already. Holy cow. Forget the price. Make them an offer and they'll beat any deal. Make them off of the camera. Usually probably won't. More money for your trades. Zero percent financing. We've made some to six grand whatever it takes to get to their goal area of just pumping out them cars. Only a Lou Backroach heavy with two locations for either in Pompano Beach, a quarter mile west of on 95 and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the soil grass. Don't forget Lou Backroach stay open till midnight. Air of the night this month to get to that goal. So get your ass over for an unbeatable deal to Lou Backroach. Or check them on their web at Lou Backroach. That's VACHRODT. Lou Backroach.com. The biggest name. So the best talent to the faces. We'll Roger's. Force Radio 560. You A.M. Pretty cows this morning. So yeah well those she did record songs written by a Canadian. Well that's close enough. See I'm close enough. By the way, QM sports time is ten through the day. I know that the Lord even loves the O'Rodgers. You have been to the O'Rodgers. You actually have a meter that is picking up the numbers. One baby is born every seven seconds. One person died every two teams. And every half minute an immigrant enters the country. This counter will serve to 300 million. As you see. How do you know people? Who are you? People's gonna be crowded. You too. You too. So many people. Traffic was a bitch. A million of the people. I'll let you know. Wake up in the morning. We just want to drive into the park. We're so off of this. So place. I was going to get it. It's a nice old garden. It just won't be friends. A nice old wild line. That's it. Those people. Sorry that they've been calling humans for years. The shop name. The old today. That's it. No restaurant. What do you want to pick your guts out? The cousins have said that their daughter Chelsea was named after Judy Collins recording of the song, Chelsea Morris. You'll also need a sense of access to the men's room. I'm going to the door. You're trying to be more disgusting. So you saw them himself. On the couch. Right in front of us. I'm afraid. They're not here. They're not here. They're sure to get those toilets. They're good for all the girls. Smart man. They're nice. They're nice. They're nice. They're really nice. They're nice. They're nice. I was just swathed. I knew it would be a perfect mother for me. To be. I'm afraid of saying yes. Some. My dad's actually. And I'm a damn sad thing. But I'm afraid to do so. It seems that we producing a bill. We have personal issues. I think that's what I'm afraid. Is there a boy in front of you? I have the right table. Seven of my friends. Oh, she posed nude for something 1979 Judy Collins. Oh, what a grotesque thought that is. Yeah, kind of. What magazine was that? It's in the circle somewhere. I don't really give a crap about Judy Collins. Okay. Or both sides now. Who's the a folks think that I'm thinking I was Canadian? I don't know. Man, Marie. She ain't no folks. You're okay. You pick it on poor man Marie again. Okay. Christ. Christ. I'm sorry. Get that guy off set again. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're not a female. Who? Female Canadian. But right here. Uh-huh. Well, whatever. New Jersey's highest court opened the door yesterday to make a mistake. The second Indonesian will outgame marriage. Rue that lawmakers must offer a homeless sexual either marriage or something like it, such as civil unions. Don't do it. In a ruin that fell short of what either side wanted or feared that he states it became. This states it became court declared 43. The homosexual couples are entitled the same rights as heterosexual ones. The justice is gave lawmakers 180 day to rewrite the laws. The ruling is similar to the 1999 High Court ruling in Vermont. The law that states creates civil unions which can for all the rights and benefits and tourists available to marry couples under state law. Although we cannot find that a fundamental rights to same-sex marriage exist in the state, the unequal dispensation of rights and benefits to committed same-sex partners can no longer be tolerated in a or state constitution judge, very T. Albin wrote for the four-member majority. I wonder if he's kid and Mark Albin who drives it compilio park. Very Albin. The court said the legislature must either amend the marriage statute to include same-sex couples or create a parallel statutory structure that gives these all the privileges and obligations married couples have and headaches and heartaches and hate. The three dissenters argued that the majority didn't go far enough. They demanded full marriage for gaze. How do you like that? Anyway. So that's what's going on in Jersey. In fact, maybe you go to Garden State where the race track used to be. Sure it still didn't there. Well, I'm not really sure at all. That was a beautiful place. They were going to make that into a casino one day. Garden State race track. I've been there. I've been in Garden City too, which is also no longer there. I've been in a lot of race tracks that no longer exist. I'm not sure if they just turn right now. I leave just enough money behind so they can throw the destruction expense. Or speaking of Dan Moreno, what we just speaking about him, let me say go by the way, QM Sports Time is 1035. And we have a thousand 53 votes in a pool. We'll be more fun if it was a thousand 35. We have the right numbers, but they're none of the right odor. We got 105-3. But at any rate, football Hall of Fame, we're Dan Moreno, Street Street, you had to get into campaign flyer for State Representative Susan Goldstein. I didn't even know he was Jewish. Even though he's actually at least twice that he stopped using his picture. Oh, Danny, how does that mean no creek doing? It's a good movie. It's okay. Until a killer kid and then they don't want to do about that. Chubby, he deserved a good kill. That's right. Well, I know they're going to say some four-letter word in the way. You see, you've got to stop me from doing that. Don't do that. Okay. Anyway, Moreno's camp was irked by a previous flyer because they felt an implying endorsement of the Western Republican who faces Democrat David Martin, David Kire. For this, the Secretary of State John Mark Carr, who faces Democrat Martin, David Kire, and House District 97. Moreno's representative said Goldstein informed the Lotus to pull ads with the name or photo of the former Dalton's quarterback. Cut the crap, honey. Susan Goldstein is a Republican. Oh, my God. Talk about sellout. Susan, Susan, I've been thinking. Your political choices are really sticking. The two are both parents of autistic children. Moreno worked with Goldstein to pass the bill at Mandate's special certification for a swim teachers for children with developmental disabilities. The kids not the teachers. The bill allocated five hundred and thirty five grand of the Dan Moreno Foundation instead of certification criteria and build a special pool. The new ad, a fly boy out there. There's nothing like those swimmers. You know, all these little kids, I guess. I don't know. Ask him, Mark, fully. He'll find out how old they are. The new ad, a flyer's sponsored by the Republican Party, a Florida show is a photo of Moreno with Goldstein during passengers and the show. By the time the party received moreno's objections, it couldn't stop the mailing a spokesman said, a spokesman. There's always a spokesman. Have you noticed that? Look at that. It's just no one hour following a Eastern Colorado. Look at that snow, baby. Our first town south of the county south. Holy, mold. What I tell you, it's didn't have a lot of Colorado. It's a horrendous place. The request from Dan Moreno went to work campaign. But by the time it had gotten to worst the most recent meal or not, they've been sent out to suggest to ask you the party's communication director. So, not to stress that no other materials were used moreno's name were arranged. Ed and the Goldstein are nothing to do with a second mailer. Goldstein said he didn't ask oriented to endure. So, because she knew he doesn't back candidates. But Goldstein said she's part of the work that she and Reno did and was trying to tell voters about the great job they did. It was new that she said that a photo was published in the newspaper as an official photo taken in the house chamber. Goldstein said she's pulled the ads. I've changed everything and moved on. She said, well, you go to the zoo far. And we re-examine your priorities. Okay, honey. I was a public and Susan Goldstein. I once had a girlfriend in elementary school. Her name was Susan Weinstein. Yeah, how that worked out. Wow, we didn't worry. I was a little kid. You know, every little kid's got a girlfriend. You know, on school. Was it a girl? Was it a Johnny Mitchell? Johnny Mitchell. All right. Very good. Now, how'd you find that? Eric and two factors. Very, very good. Thank you. Thank you. Johnny Mitchell, Judy Collins. I hope you're in the J. Just like you and I. I do. I don't know. Oh, yeah. I hate Johnny Mitchell. I do too. I also hate Judy Collins. I don't hate Judy Collins. I just don't hate Bob and Bob. What size now is okay? Yeah, that's okay. I got to go to both sides now when this school is playing right now. That's right. You're going to miss me, too. What is that? Johnny Mitchell. I mean, what's what song is that? Help me. Oh, she needs help. Growing herself in high. Okay, kill it. Oh, after you finish with parents, kill that. We're going to go find big yellow tatsina. Yes, to the mark, half of an ABC political director and co-author of the new book is the way to win. Went on the Iranian fact, you're going to greet with Bill O'Riley that members of the Old Media are too liberal and should prove the conservatives that we understand their grievances. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. When O'Riley pointedly, estimate he believed major news organizations, including ABC, head of liberal bias, helper, and repeated the right wing talking point that the media is trying to suppress Republican turnout. He told O'Riley, if I were a conservative, I understand why it feels suspicious that I wasn't going to get a fair break at the end of an election. We've got to make sure we do better so conservatives don't have to be concerned about that. He says, oh, my God, mark helper, another cell out to you. Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you, man? But there's Al Sharpen also discouraging a lot of voters. As I move around the country, people are absolutely discouraged. They're saying things like, I don't know. But I'm here. Never as heard in the square D. Mord. Aren't you here now? No, I heard it. Never as heard in the square D. Mord. Moeshead sports. Sports time. 10. 40. Oh, Johnny, Mitchell. What was that song, yellow, uh, big yellow taxium, the yellow was that it? I'm looking for it. That was a hit. I don't know what chart but yeah. I'll be a man. How about mellow yellow by Donovan? I would never play that. You understand? You like mellow yellow by Donovan? Get out of here. You're just saying that to give me aggravated. We don't have anything in there. I thought we had a Donovan's it. Donovan, donovan, donovan. Oh, brother. What's with the day is thank God it was then and out now. Although I'm taking a look at it both sides now. We got a thousand and seventy three boats. We might actually get to eleven hundred by the top of this are a pretty dang close to it. Then what are they going to do across the street? They're probably going to light a your side candle. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, yellow label. Hcd, yellow label was it effect records or something? Just met about the same. Oh, can he sing or what? No. That Donovan. What's his name, Donovan Leach? Yes. Oh, God. Oh, God. What? What's going on? Every side we record that he made. They all sounded exactly the same. They wanted to go on because he was singing. And he sucks. Oh, get out of here. Go away, Donovan. Don't come back. I remember, Dave's out of the newspaper about pitch with a white song. I kind of hurt your dear delivery. Fun trying Superman. You throw it this sucks. He's only wiping all of that song. You know what it is? Except he's singing. Well, maybe he wins. He works time is ten forty two. Bob Ida Donovan. Okay. Nice. No, he did not. In fact, maybe he'll look for Johnny Mitchell and Judy Collins. Experience the difference at Mercedes Benz and Paumbo because at Mercedes Benz and Paumbo. It doesn't matter what time of month he approaches your vehicle. It's always going to be the best deal anywhere. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes Benz luxury sedans. The 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes Benz and Paumbo, you've got over 200 employees working their ass off to provide you with a comparable service offering express the Louvre courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash too. Making an appointment to our business development center. You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles. The first Mercedes Benz and Paumbo is in direct split with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles. Or you can also check them out on the web at bins.com. B-E-N-Z. B-N-Z. Experience the difference at Mercedes Benz and Paumbo call 1-800 new Benz. Any W-B-E-N-Z. You'll find them at I-95 and Copens Road 1-800 new Benz for Mercedes Benz and Paumbo. Gary Sarnas says they're Mercedes dealer like no other he'll be ever seen in his life. The Rogers Force Radio 560 is U-A. And... Part old R-S-R-E-N-Z. There does not have any ever been made as they are model models. I have no line. Music stores now. Your sports is being so beautiful. I need a mic. No, no, no, no, no. Any fun. We're all strong. And I have another... This is in... That's right. The Jewish Force. The Beatles. Abugar. Abugar. Abugar. Abugar. Abugar. Abugar. Abugar. Well, I have that right. Why it goes on. The Central Police track featuring Linda McCartney. Mr. Hall. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Two... The全部 are bastard. Some are going to sack his birthday zone. It's your birthday in there. When we met this, he asked me, but that's about 14. We couldn't get it. They tried to sell by the time a littlecare of his GameCount results. I'm going to get 2-3 everything's coming. That depends on their needs, we're on the 23 steps. Well, those get big names. for but this david citron guy who's obviously a radio groupie and i'm sure you're not listening to us because he's a adult he's probably listen to old randy roadstakes but anyway he's got this thing a david citron south florida radio history or some crack like that on the web radio history of south florida 19 23 to present and there's a thing i just discovered on there Miami broadcast in company w q a m i a m a do you know what year w q m went on a year 19 40 something out of all way before that really guess again 32 way before that you got to write numbers were backward while 23 very good i know it was the first station in florida it was america's southern most broadcast you're how do you like that now let's brand again right w q m on the move this is almost interesting you know what how do we come sports time in january 19 22 the department of conversation to broadcasting license why wish we still had it to the electrical equipment company 42 north west fourth street in Miami the auto and radio sales sign service company was owned by w w loose his new station that the q m was authorized to operate with 250 watts on 833 kilohertz 83 on the dial w q m was the southern most broadcasting station in the u i say oh i asked me how i did it would buy me yesterday how to do you want to know all right for whatever reason within a few brief months w q m had cut its power back to a hundred watts in those days the government was driving stations crazy by constantly organizing their frequency assignments this was the department of commerce and attempts in efforts and dealing with the rapidly expanding service to regulations governing broadcasting virtually non-existent by early 24 remember that 19 24 i wonder what the hell they were playing does it say and they I don't know more get to it by early 19 24 maybe really valley records and on riko keroosos scratch year old 78s by 19 24 early the government we located w q m to 1140 kilohertz but by July again ordered move to a thousand oh i go to see fl oh two men were not right through in the middle of the dial of the thousand by the end of twenty four the station had been told the shift to 1120 all to be sent back to 1140 into life 25 what is your moment around you know it through that time w q m was calling itself the pioneer broadcast station of Florida all right stations were not universally pleased with a newly mandated frequency we have saman's during this period no radio regulation it was a common practice for stations with no federal assignments and simply use their own favorite channels okay tomorrow we're going to be at the 600 by the way in November 25 w q m reportedly jumps at the unauthorized frequency of 10 50 oh w m g m w h n w w c h u m chum using one thousand watts those still authorized for 1140 with a hundred watts w q m was still mine is only your run broadcaster because w i would be w m b f shut down during the summertime wow have I can't have a new that they shut down during the summertime we had did that during certain day parts as pass summer and the spring of 27 the newly formed f c c s i w d q m to nine thirty kilohertz per main station robbery with 75 watts by November of 27 q m was shifted to seven eighty kilohertz in late 28 q m was moved to 1240 by early 19 29 the new licensee became the Miami broadcast in company m b c the increased part with thousand watts and moved the studio to m m is postal building we went postal 3 27 or 31st Avenue the western electric transmitter was relocated to the 1540 wheelly board building 600 this game bullet ride when each changes were completed W cream shifted stop position to five six oh 19 29 I took sighted about that thrilled in January 30 by the way kum sports time in January 32 q m's transmitter was moved to the top of the Miami daily news building in 19 30 it was again moved to the waters edge of this game bay in 14th street where a new 224 foot self supporting belong to vertical was installed the station slogan became the voice of tropical america i can just see kum and randy now with all of the rich and kaka banana on her head and all the mother fruits in 1941 WCP department to increase its daytime power to 5,000 watts this was completed November 43 with the initiative a continental 315 b transmitter in 1947 new 38 foot tall the high self supported vertical radiating antenna tower was installed on a pierced in the out into this game bay at 14 25 northeast base for a quarter south of the Venetian causeways Miami terminus where is our towers our still is logists if i keep reading will find out i don't know where it is now yonder i think we got a hang clearance from our tower that's your assignment jive i'll start planning in fact maybe we can use uh you know like if there's any blood running through his scrawny veins we can use it like is a what moves signal booster okay little amplifier right in nineteen forty nine came studios moved to sweet seventeen twenty three in the offered i do pop building a downtown mimey in fifty six station was sold a Todd store is mid-continent broadcasting later becoming known as the stores broadcasting company s t r z the studios now for the modern sixty two to the mezzanine floor mimey's the calister hotel a permit was also with if you'd have changed the transmitter site in sixty five stations mains studio is relocated to the seventy sixty seven forty first three mimey beach uh the studios made there until eighty five when the relocated ninety eighty one shardin street in the hollywood you want to know about that all room in early eighty eight the transmitter was moved to a new site near mimey commenced a and stereo operation one story up and there on the old five thousand mark on the transmitter was put up for sale w q m heavy running a country music format but in nineteen ninety the station added all these and sports talk the country music format was dropped there was continued on the FM outlet w k r s in bokeh k s it as bubble would say just k s it the oldies music lasted till ninety three when the format was changed to all sports and the station became known as sports radio five sixty uh in mid ninety six the station along with k s became the property of the sunshine wireless company s sports radio five sixty q m operates full time on five sixty five thousand once day a thousand once night down to actually from a studio as in hollywood right it still isn't nearby mimey what's the date on this thing that's so many mistakes in it in fact at the end of it it says a former board up a q m advised me of an error in the above article and it says sunshine wireless purchases station eighty five and sold it to be easily broadcasting the corona ninety six lots of errors in this article alice i've no if they're with malice but a lot of articles alice mistakes thanks to broadcasting profile for printing a director of information from the lengthy report on q m she says v p f is a commercial research service that can provide how to detail the story reports on all u s a mf m stations past and present yadia diadia a lot of mistakes in here including where the studios are located of course who knows when this thing was written you know or who's got a date on article from the June 97 issue but yeah we've been on a station what got going on is a nine years and ten years like nice seems like 100 oh much too long that's for sure wait till we show up on it all men's station i'm going to work for James crystal when that be something if you want to work in for crystal yeah that be something 116 votes on the full well i'm going to tell you can can you smell it to do something going on well been part and a lot that's all my god well i can't believe a heavy uh uh uh uh a cheap ribbon on it can another visit during that break to breaks it out and something and i don't know why because i was busy a plunge in my guts all day yesterday burley anything although i did come over i start making some of that uh look hard pasta that was not a good idea cover it up don't be no pasta even a little car stop before you go to bed because it will send your blood sugar sky rockening and then you'll have a massive stroke and bad stuff like until you'll grow i don't want to grow kill i have my goal in life is to outlive certain people i don't want to mention a name you can imagine no oh yeah you can last me tomorrow before the show i'll say okay one in particular i'm just no i actually tune particular and when either are both of them croak having more than delighted to fly anywhere in the continental U.S. even to a last game fact even a whole lot i'd love to go back there i haven't been there a long time and then say kazaki under great no big is name so best challenge to be this is for your run the first or shridio 560 you Harry! Wonderful. Poster, Gwen, For your daughter, don't go back to the free case of champagne These are the things you can take on a plane She's a dueling She's with a cat, and a lip balm, and two things you can clear For all of those that don't your plane You help back, and I'm going but no solar plane That's one more thing you can take on a plane You'll be waiting, it makes you feel good While they make you grow out home, the things you cannot take Call it's me I'm dying on the hair I just had a brainster, I really, I've joked about this before I don't think it's a joke anymore I think just to show the world just to make a point, you know? Because it's all sports things, it's started really frost our hands Because it's not all sports radio, 20 hours a day, it's sports And four hours we have ratings, okay? Something that we'll be able to do is like prove a point And then this fall book, what we're going to do is we'll take all these During the entire rating period What do you think? I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight I told him, straight You're gonna fit these here easy You're proud But I'm proud of the hair You just got smashed the day The wild not to go, and then it's been a win I've seen Michael say, fuck, spazzing around I've spotted him, you know? I mean, I don't want to be insensitive But I don't want to see that, do you? Not necessarily He looks like he's got seen by his dancing his pants I understand he's got Parkinson's, he's doing a very good thing And I give him all the credits in a world And props for props and all this other crap But the fact that he met, I don't want to see it You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, it's unpleasant It is unpleasant Not as unpleasant as Actually, you notice I didn't play the airzask or you need that one, I agree Great, thank you, I appreciate it I just like to end Lizzy, the actual real Finn Lizzy Right Now there's some other great hits on here, too I don't know what they are But Finn Lizzy's greatest hits Yeah, it is The very best of Finn Lizzy, let's see Gail Break Right here's some of that? Okay That's enough Yeah Don't believe a word Waiting for an alibi Rosalely Calvaryl's song Oh, it's live performance song Cold sweat Thunder enlightening Out of the fields with Gary Moore I wonder if Durver and Kirby knows about that Anyway, that's the Finn Lizzy Whatever happened to them, I guess they just Vanne, what hit wonder is baby Well, Swagos, although it's now 10 to the hockey crowd Or yes What do you say in O'Yee? When the scenes start, say play that in all hockey I know, because they're what I see are down They always talk exactly why they're playing How about those Panthers? They're right there when they're in New York Florida 2 last night, according to Clarence They're playing the ranges again and that's where they're not They're playing the devil's injury at the metal lands They're about 15 people for that game The devil's don't draw flies They have a very good team, they wouldn't stand a couple of lives But nobody has any of them I mean, if you were in Jersey, would you even want to Would admit it? Have you ever been in Jersey? Do it Ooh, just against the plane, you know Woo They ever been in Trenton? I told you that story about WBUD and Trenton Did you? The man professor hired me to be the program director And I went out and I tried to find a place in apartment, you know? Wouldn't find one I actually did find one, or we like one of those deals And like a room in somebody's house Some old lady, you know, looks like so seen from great expectations By the way, what was wrong with Ethan Hawking? Great expectations, that was pretty good flick I like that I don't know if I forgot where to nearer was in there too Wasn't he didn't he die in a subway? Or if I saw it Get out of here Now what about the mean creek? I'm really very, we're lucky to put that on here Or it's over with Oh no To me to say, well, I missed that crappy ending No, after it's kind of a fun movie It's okay, you know, they take that Chubby, annoying kid who's has to go to other kids in school And they take them out there and they're going to do harm to them They didn't intend to kill them to drown them But they've come to find out who can swim They drown them And they vary his body And then we're waiting to find out what's a fallout Isn't in the movie ends Oh, we ran out of film You just think that must be the problem A lot of these movies they just ran out of film That's the impression you get And it is kind of forward to send somebody out to buy any mold We ran out of money, this is it It's time to get to tell you, Paul Simon, a coat of chrome I got to hear somewhere I know you do So what do you think of my idea? Are you going to pay the bonus that we're not going to be getting? Just Not off the road Some of us Why are you talking about The bonus money that we're not going to be getting Do you think we're not going to be number one, Tain O'Leas? No, you have so little confidence I think we're going to be playing better Or even the other one Let's be driving Kevin, come over here Simon, show our magic He's dancing He's dancing He's playing a lot better Cracked than that, the PV There's Bob Hammer, he's playing a play a song And you won't let the jingle end Oh, okay, in other words, you want an oldie jingle? Yeah man, how about a better one in that? Let's see, just one day they're all good Double you are your game Double you are your game Oh, that's it? I thought that we're going to save my anniversary You're not playing code of code by Paul Saminari And you won't see much of it I do like the song What's not to learn? Unless you're anti-Somantic I'll be So, how's our golf off a winner? No, no, no It's not a big one It's a big one Oh, wait a minute We've been very old, it's golden, get served What the hell was that? That's on there I didn't do that, that's just on there Oh, man, are you sick of it? Yeah, remember that golden tab It's a lot of what that lawman was doing John, John, and his dad So I want a one-on-a-seven, remember that? Yeah, I remember Joe Marcello I want to call Craig Wring 15 times a show Oh, those are the days, man 6-7, 9-6-7, and 6-7, and... ... W-I-O-D ... ... Oh, do it everybody, here's all the ads Sir, grandfather, you No, for me, he's the one who's playing one I was the one who's doing it I was a hero I was doing it ... ... ... I've been to blind likeness ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Remember I buy this for Rick Shaw when he called that ice sign? ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Let's turn to clock back ... ... time. We've got a love number in 40 votes on the poll. There is your 80 other president. We have a responsibility. Now, we sure do to cut the cramp. Humans are stripping nature in an unprecedented rate and will need two planets worth a natural resources every year by 2050. I'm current trends. The WWE F Conservation Group said this week. Populations of many species from fish to mammals don't need to waste by the way to lower with mercury. It's like a trip to the universe man from mercury to Uranus. From fish to mammals had fallen by about a third from 1970 to 2003. Larvesly because of human threat searches pollution clearing a forest and overfishing, overfishing for more than 20 years we've exceeded the Earth's ability to support a consumptive lifestyle that's unsustainable. We can't afford to continue down this path. WWE F Director General James Leap said launching the WWE F 2006 Living Planet Report. If everyone around the world lived as those people in America, we'd need five planets to support us. He's an American by the way. He said in Beijing. He's pack-pandruff with the Chinese. People in the book that those people in America we'd need five planets to support us. We've said he's an American by the way. He said in Beijing. He's pack-pandruff with the Chinese. People in the United Arab Emirates were placing most rest for capital on the planet. And at the end of those in the US, Finland and Canada, the reports said. How do you like that? The United Arab Emirates were smotting his. Australia was also living way beyond its means, cranky. The average Australian uses six points six global hectares to support the developed lifestyle, ranking behind the US and Canada, but ahead of the UK, Russia, China and Japan. Japan is a small country. Yeah, a lot of people. I don't understand that. How long does this small country with, I don't know, some people? If the rest of the world lived the kind of lifestyles we do here in Australia, we do here in the United Arab Emirates, we're going to have plans to provide resources to the users and the ways to Greg Bourne, WWE F, Aussie chief executive officer. Isn't it amazing that, if I guess everybody's going to make a living, you know, the higher, on these different organizations and these think tanks, and, well, whatever the hell these are, the WWE F, Aussie, and your chief executive officer. As countries work to improve the wellbeing of their people, they risk bypassing the goal of sustainability, said leap, speaking in energy efficient building at Beijing's prestigious Qinghua University. I'm sure you're right. I said. It's inevitable that this, this can have a little bit of an ability to support the economy. That's why I wonder why we haven't such a big celebration about hitting 300 million the other day. I think we're going to be doing some business with that. I know. I'm celebrating that. And who the hell is he talking to the Chinese about? They got a billion Chinese over there. They were for a long time. They're reproducing like rabbits, like cockroaches. And now all of a sudden, well, if you have more than two children, we're going to slice your balls off or whatever they do. What do they do? They throw the kid in the river. 1150 on the dial. What is that? 1150. I don't know what that is. What do you want to get past the tens? I get very confused. You know, 1130, 11, 11, 11, I don't know what any of those are. 1040, I think, was that KXC on water the while? 1030 was WBC in Boston. 1020 was KDK in Pittsburgh. 1010 was WINS. 1010 New York. And also CFRB Toronto. 1050 was also done with the Chums, CHUM. That you didn't know that. Nope. You might have started learning the Toronto radio stations, Mr. Eschney Hamlet times I've turned the radio ones since I've been here. How many times have you turned the radio on? You don't. You don't. I would have radio up there. Yeah, I got a radio in the other room. And I actually did turn on a couple of times. And I think very long time ago, maybe like four years ago, doing a leaf play on someone and he heard your bone doing the game on a radio while I was watching on TV. I mean, who the hell wants to watch old Bob Cole? You know, he's not even know what's to be there in a name or a Cole. Time to hang it up sweetheart. Tally ween is. That's her pull. They let 150 votes. Fun for 91. Let's change our call. It should WFUN. Is it available? Huh? I doubt it. Why are you thinking? I would do me to talk about that the other day. Yeah, we did. Somebody's got him. Hollywood is chopping 471. Only for a little kids 318. Annoying one 18, stupid 77, race of time 56 as in Q. 256 didn't you find that like vaguely interesting that whole history even though it was like disjointed a lot of mistakes it was interesting It was boring. I waste a time 56 I hate this pull 37 3.2 percent 37 now contents. They don't like anything we do Scrums which craft 33. That's what it is all about which is it's about the which is on a broomstick You know where they're gonna stick them to don't you know and dangerous 26 is a dangerous holiday Especially when you put that razor blade in the ass The big stain also passed a list of this is only roots for video 560 all or health On myOS them 3 body the offer goneFL ain't soن yeah Look what y all Who can't get dirty unless you are a me between calm ablates every day I'm not a confabler we don't keep you the baby but we do give one to spin The line, do give the baby from Africa Just gotta be 20 years old much like the line to get on their parlor at 6th Rock Unless you are a Jennifer, other than then you can use this everything that I threw in If you try to throw in no, another apple I've never used it Calm to Africa, with a letter is not in dry And the baby's going hardly cry Probably because we give them the camel milk Which seems to quiet them It's easy to be to be to be a me between Africa Unless you are an average symbol of us Or in your country, how you say, be called Jake What if you are a lazy human? But an oven or tempest breadzone is the problem Calm to Africa Where some people question why we only give babies to them as people And then they will answer to right into the rice for help And we said this to you, it's a business Let's say you are an accountant You would much rather have the business of meatloaf Then say, bro, from carnivores they seem That's okay, calm to Africa, Jake Calm to Africa, land, mass, calm to Africa You're not really calm to Africa, drummer of Ben, cutting crew Or you're the baby, no question that But if you love babies, get life But the babies start superchickle And please, look at the new life Or we shoot you in a safe between a message From the different age, we are freaking a dog from a sociocole Oh I will give you a hand Oh, black Oh, you better do one of friends just now You never could do QM all these times, 1120 There you go, and then QM sports time Anything would be But you don't be unbiased You're just the anti-sports, that's what vocamper said You're the evil duerman, you're the anti-sports room in there You're brainwashing, Josh, anybody else who comes anywhere near there We remember this old and cancer There's Michael Gifford, she has a memory in the house in the morning One more thought, double your QM, a must-be Oh Is my story inside the truth It's about to go down to you You know when you come right down to it, I did like their music But I've had anybody think about Frankie Valley and keep a straight face You know when you come right down to it, I don't know Kind of a silly guy, oh there's Michael Dave Fox on it again He's like, and I think he's really doing that to his rush right Or he's an actor, you know Maybe he popped a couple of axes before he went on stage 1171 votes on the pool man We got, I don't know, the sky's the limit today I might even come up with a number, whatever Case to rosarize, do as they would say When I play no door-stay music, now you want to go with the best decade was for music Okay, see you want to agree with me But I'm going to tell you right now, you're going to say the 70s And I'm going to say the 60s I don't want to change He's so smart Oh no, not Jimmy Gilmer in the fireball The untie sugar sharders I was like the system, it's some cost to come at about Jan and Dean They couldn't sing the way out of a paper sack Something like that, some kind of You can't say Woody You say Woody, great where you sure as I can't say Woody You say Woody, he's Anyway, can we move along now? Well, I think it's a great idea, what do you say? Let's give it a shot, what do you say, Jan? I'm going to pay the bonus I mean, it's not that much anyway, but I can't afford to be without it Maybe yours ain't that much, my account I've ever like a several bad days of woodbind Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, god Here comes the bunny and there goes your money, baby I just keep shoving it in that machine, just very sad I said deal, but you know something that's only money And once you go discover when you get to be in the old fart like me If you make it that long, is that what difference does it make? You know when you got a few bucks dashed away Of course, by the time you get to be this age, you'll be loaded with cash Once you sell those naked pictures of turns to the Billy goat Or it's orderly That's gotta be it, he's gotta have naked pictures of somebody Oh, I know about it, should play Go tell me river Phoenix with Jewish and he's dead Is that what you tell me? I know you'll do it Have you been confirmed? I didn't know he was Jewish Well, his brother is, what's his brother's name? He's Phoenix When the night has come Don't you remember we looked up those Jews? And the land is all And the moon is all of says with James Franco And I apologize again for that I just don't know what the law is thinking about It's your fault, I'm sorry What's that movie Fly Boys? Correct Don't bother Is it now, yeah? What do you mean? Yeah, I saw the movies For saying stuff It was weak, it was very typical for me, lay egg, no surprises Totally, Mollie, look at this tip in Jersey Says I just got back from Waken Jersey in New York and Connecticut I lived in Tennafline, Anglewood, New Jersey, in 61 as a kid I've been in both places I roommate from Michigan State was from Tennafline, New Jersey I had never gone back until this trip The area of this state is great and beautiful I was very surprised to see how little Tennafline has changed over 45 years How little it's changed I sent the course of the types of people living there Many Asians and Indians But that only makes for more diverse community Like Toronto, right? It says, I don't know what the chips being sarcastic Or what? You mean sarcastic? It's sarcastic Always not? What's wrong with the Indians? Oh, get outta here now The sarcasm? The sarcasm? The sarcasm? Drittling the sarcasm? Yeah, maybe that's a true thing again You're picking on the people from Inju again How many people from India do you know? I was at the border in yesterday Man, and there was a group of Indian people I'm talking about native Canadians in America I'm talking about Indian people from India, really Indians I'm a bit about four that were friends And it was one guy like in the early 20s I'm going to tell you, I would have dropped that machine What I lost yesterday would have been more than happy to shovel right into his pocket if he would have come over here for a couple hours For about 20 minutes Wow I'm serious, there's a lot of beautiful Indian people He just don't think about it Indian people are so they gotta be similar for the hot, you know what I'm saying? Hmm So anyway, I don't know what you're talking about, Chip Now maybe Chip is being serious, you know? I don't know Is it Chip off the old block? Or maybe Chip off the old jack Sir, I'm forced radio where a sports climber is 26 past 11 Ha ha ha ha ha New Jersey is a horrendous place I mean, I'm not saying that ten of flyer angle woulder all that bed They're like little bed room towns, you know? But the only thing good about New Jersey is it's coast in the York If you're likely to be there Oh Breathe in By the Death's cold Better not do that again, George The biggest name is the best talent for us And only you're a rock star stands the way video 560 is you A M The biggest name So what was that? I told you We're your rock star Sports, radio, 580 Awesome M We're glad Coming soon, do a theater near you The sequel to If you can play that game in a bird Take this In the pool under What? What? What? What the? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What is it? My heart is du new So what? You know why I'm not球 C'mon, you won't do that Oh And if that isn't enough I'm not sure if this is good enough. I'm medley at this time. Jean Chandler. Woo! I'm not sure if you like the lot but I couldn't figure out which one of my likes to be. And this is probably one of the big hits. But what I got right now. I really rather than try to work on both and I can't figure out which one. And they're old and crusty right now I'm sure and well used. 119,8 volts before if I were first at again I bet that we got 1200 here on it. 1132 QM sports time by the way. If you wonder what that sports time is all about so are we. We're beginning to wonder. 1199 where we're right on the precipice of greatness right on the edge. Speaking of that, wait till you hear this. British surgeons were yesterday given the final go ahead to perform the world's first full face transplant. Are you going to start to go with the face transplant people? Are you back in that facial crap again? No, that woman, the poor woman that got the face transplant you made. So I'm running around at a war. I'm just reading the story. Okay. I'm just heart-passing it along. I'm passing the voice and passing along the story. The world's first full trace of flan plant. A radical procedure that's raised concerns about its physical and psychological risks. The UK face transplant patients team at the Royal Pre-Hospital London received permission for four transplants from the hospitals research ethics committee. We can now begin to evaluate patients in the Royal Pre-Hospital London. Sure list of four people who want to go this procedure said Peter Butler, the plastic and reconstruction surgeon who had the team. Now if we can have a face in a body transplant then I'm all for that. I don't want to look like a real Christian. I want to sound like Luke Christie and I want to... I don't know why I do like Luke Christie. I don't want my heart to show. That face. Two faces have gone. We look into the picture of conscious and careful approach. Well not be rushed. So maybe many more months before we've created a Korean out of my operation. They can start with the Royal Family since this is a great thing. We can start on the old queen, that's the soul queen, the level. And Charles and Camilla too. It's we're going to donkey face. The ethics committee said a research that's a season after carefully reviewing a decade research results by Butler and his team. Ground breaking research is always difficult. There will always be doubters and they'll track through and we'll weigh. They're too executive of the hospital. So they added that many people with severe injuries desperately need help. And the transplantation team at hospitals got an international reputation. A face transplant. They give good face in Britain. I didn't say good face to all of us. I'm real passionate. And it's a 12 o'clock wait. Oh, that's got to be the machine. I just got to clean it up. I'll tell you why I liked the locked during that British invasion with the Nicarbalkers. And probably ought to be the QM team song. At least when Greg read the words as you say. What they'll just say. On Nicarbalkers. Yeah. How come that's not in here? I thought that lies was in here. It's not in here. We've got like a Graham, which is grammatically incorrect. I thought for sure lies was in here. I have to. You got to know. I don't know. I know what's in here. I don't know. I'm going to Greg. Lair, Lair, pants on, proud. Drivers tell me yesterday that Greg is hanging around the building a lot. Greg read and we're not too happy about it. At least George said he wasn't too happy about it. I couldn't sleep all the way tonight. I can't sleep the big night. I can't sleep the big night. I can't sleep the big night. I can't sleep the big night. I can't sleep the big night. How many hours do I have to sleep on? 24 till noon. We could just play oldies and oldies all day for what? About two years. I'm hanging there with man for men. I'm a good person. Close your eyes. That's enough. That's enough. Alright. This is a story about one t-shirt that's caused two rows already. The shirt has the phrase we will not be silent written both in English and in Arabic. This may seem innocuous enough but not in today's America where the very set of Arabic alarm some citizens as well as homeland security. I'll give it all with the word. On August 12th, read Jira Raid Raid Raid Raid Raid Raid Raid Raid who works for a global exchange in Washington DC was wearing a t-shirt as he was trying to pour an A jet blue fly from JFK to California. While it was just a game eating some cheese and grapes and drinking some orange juice, two men approached him and one flashed his badge to Raid's on his blog Raid and then he was in the middle.blogspot.com, Raid. The answer is boarding pass and grab as license. You think it's red in the middle? People are feeling offended because of your t-shirts and one of the men whom Jira identifies as inspector Harris. He asked me if I had any other t-shirts to put on a total of my check and all of my bags where I would like to have a blog. I asked him, why do you want me to take my t-shirt off? Isn't it my constitutional right to express myself in this way? Do you have an order against Arabic t-shirts? Is there such a log against Arabic's script? Here's what inspector Harris said according to Jira. You can't wear a t-shirt with Arabic script and come to an airport. It's like wearing a t-shirt that reads, I am a robber and going to a bank. Oh, Racker, please. How do you like that? Harris asked you, Rard, to turn his shirt inside out, which he says he refused to do. Then an employee from Jira flew off into Bajrati, sure to put over the money yet on. Now, while he misses, he's like, you are eventually agreed. He says he totally inspects you and Jira flew to the employer. I feel very sad that my personal freedom was taken away like this. I grew up on the authoritarian governments in the middle east. And one of the reasons I chose to move to the US was that I don't want our office or make me change my freaking t-shirt. I'll pursue this incident today through a constitutional rights organization. You go, Jira. When he boarded the plane, he says he wasn't allowed to sit in C3A, which was on his morning pass and what he had chosen over the internet, instead of just moving him to the very back at a plane. It sucks to be an Arab Muslim living in the US these days. He says on his blog, you are suspected terrorists and a plane hijacker. To have blue for his part is plain, it's side of the story. Mr. Jira was approached both by T.S.A. and Jepthaloo personally because they saw that customers in the area had noticed his t-shirt and were confused or concerned about it, so it's both person, Jenny Durvin. And that situation, our crew members have the responsibility to create a safe environment as well as say travel. If there's anything that upset their confuses, our customers are crew members have to address them. At the same time, they have to respect the rights of the individual and make sure that he's treated fairly and respectively. I'm sure they mean respectfully, but it says, respectively. Jepthaloo personally, I'll approach Mr. Jira to stand the customers were concerned or confused and asked if he could ease the confusion. Ball of confusion, baby. Colored right. No time was never denied boarding. See, why do I even do that? You know, because you're so, it's just impossible. At no time was the ever denied boarding. He didn't even put another t-shirt on which we purchased for him, which would be me appreciated. Nevertheless, Jepthaloo says it told Jira, sorry. We have apologized to Mr. Jira for any investment or on us, so he attention is to me. If Jira could be reached by the progressives spoke to Amy Goodman, October 20. It sounds like the temptation is to me. It is all of confusion. Anyway, he told Amy that he's taken legal steps to be issued. You and the American Air of Anti-Discrimination Committee. He also reports he's received debt to us on his blog. He quotes from an actual guard member who served in Iraq. If I run across you in my daily task, I will kill you, says the message. Get the F out of my country, but don't like it here. How do you like that? Stephanie Schwartz goes to Hunter College in New York, and she was also wearing a We Will Not Be Silence. He should act overnight when she was going on the Staten Island ferry. Amy Goodman, once she got on the ferry for Coast Guard officers, physician themselves in front of her. When she was leading one of them told her, you better not wear that shirt on this ferry again. She said, adding that he asked, remember what happened on that jet blue flight? Schwartz says he answered that it's smack the racial profile near her. It's smack like smack. When you are heard that the Coast Guard in Vof is experienced with jet blue, he was taken aback. He told Amy Goodman, I'm very shocked to see how my incident, my oppression JFK, is being used as a precedent to justify oppressing more people. The Coast Guard gives it a different account. Coast Guard officers were approached by an employee of the ferry who went concerns about the shirt, but the response to that employee was that they weren't going to take any actions as commander Jeff Carter. They had no intention of intervening to get everybody right toward the shirt. Concerned about our civil liberties, Schwartz organized a protest that they set down on ferry October 23rd. Do ferry! Part of the newspaper that the Stat Island advanced a group of newly a hundred anti-war activists, mostly wearing black t-shirts with a legend we will not be silent, boarded two evening ferry both towards the size of their right of free speech. Your goal boys will be way behind you. It's not right behind you, way behind you, don't forget tomorrow is a good day to show up for work. Ice Cream and Weeners from a Jackson's and Dame Noway. For George and Josh, see there's another good reason for me not to be there. That's right. Because I do love Jackson's and that's a problem. I would eat like a whole and you know they should those big concoctions, you know? Yes they do. I was going to say I can eat a whole bucket full of their fantastic stuff and I like the wild Sundays that they may not eat. But I won't be there. So you eat some extra for me. I will. I'm sure you will. And then after you eat them and you can make some of the songs yourself like for real, real life. So 19 till noon is QM Sports Time and the good news is it's style of mattress 30 and birthday. I just can't resist when it's birthday, you know? Yeah, I got the check. I got the check. It's like a cake. It's like a third. You tear. I just got go. Real service. We will save it. It's like a third. Happy birthday to our friends at Dautamatch's 30th birthday. O Susan Goldstein, prouds Goldstein is not Jewish as a fact or husband is. Oh. And the same race for opponent Martin Kiersney is for who cares about that. Or somebody has some corrections it says, well correct my ass, I think I like that. Is that a corrections? Mid pictures. You only think worst on a nithickers and nose picker. God, go back and knit a sweater. Susan winds, dines, steen. Yeah. Who cares? Quit using damn right nose or likeness. Okay Susan. And she's not Jewish anyway. So she's not a sellout. She's just using his own likeness. Dautamatch is a serious birthday and the celebrate Dautamatch is in Simmons. They're offering the lowest price of the year on best selling. Simmons Beauty, rest pillow top. You can choose from a South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons Beauty, rest with same delivery. If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep, not just tonight, but like for years to come. Do what I've been doing for a long time. Call Dautamatch is a 1-800 mattress. Just sit in on your fat ass. That's what you have to do. Make that easy call to get factory direct prices award winning service with no non-sense. Nobody has no red false, no off-brands, no games. Dautamatch, this gives you 12 month financing. And when you call Dautamatch, they deliver when you want them to. You pick the date and time for delivery any day, seven days away from 8 AM to 10 PM. And they show up even the very same day that you call. In other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping like a baby on a great Dautamatch as soon as tonight. That's why Dautamatch was continues to be ranked number one in the world of customers. That is affection in my all of us at QAM used Dautamatch. On the web, check them out at Dautamatchers.com or make that one easy call. Just sit there on their fat. I'll be pimple ass and call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Leave off the last S. because it stands for Sensational Stoop and Disciving. The biggest name, so the best talent to the business wheel, runs for those of course, video 560, QAM. Come on, I'm so excited. Time is in my goal. It's the game with goose on my side. My teddy wand to give me some kisses to my side. I've got a lot of toys to do with the Christmas, how to pass on them. They don't worry about this man of honor. You'll have to stick in, but you can't even stand and lick on my side. You've felt like the S.I.A. opinion, where I like to not have to be like a man or a lot of a child. And why you take a little time to decide, is it? Here comes Chucky. Who think why? I like to find your fans in two places, so I've got some old hands on my thigh. My brother called the chat room to decide what to stop like me. My brother and my dad. Who I was molested as a boy. I'm a heavy drinker. It's a plausible toy. I think I knew I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my thigh. If there's a law to care, I will delay or say nay to obey to his hand as placed on my thigh. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. I'm a heavy drinker. Speak to us, Gary. Come on. You can do it. Open your mouth. I'm a different person. I was talking to the office. I said, I want to know what I want to know. I said, who's going to pay my bonus. I'm a man in a restaurant. I'm a man in a restaurant. I'm a man in a restaurant. I'm a man in a restaurant. I'm a man in a restaurant. I'm a man in a restaurant. Another one here wonder. Any Maresca. Too much mascara on it. Look at that. One, two, three, four. We got 1234 votes on the pool. Can you believe that it's not even new yet? And we've topped the 1200 marks. Not even new yets. Jesus, K Christ. Of course it's a pretty easy pool. I mean, anybody doesn't have a opinion about Hallowene. Some stuff sure. What's wrong with Hallowene? Or some foreigner, like maybe for a radio. Where we're going to check out. Some celebrate Halloween. It's a wedge-craft. I know she's still haven't paid that heavy. You don't have it. I'm going to have to go find it. Got a lot of things to do. Got a lot of things to do. I don't want to hear that. I don't want to hear no. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear that. I don't want to hear a lot of stuff. I don't want to hear that. You want to hear no. That's for the real oldy moldies. Oh my god. Taking the lead in French and after. I mean, the little Al-Martino. Howling is fun, say 530 of you, only for the kids, little kids, 337. You have to like Mark Foley if you're an adult, like 52 years old, but not a good idea around her mom knocking on neighborhood doors. Trick or treat, ah-ha, like that. I know I'm 129. Stupid 83, a waste of time, 56. I hate this pool only 40. It's witchcraft 36 and dangerous 26. Now, who are the people that are always there, y'all, and about it's witchcraft? Whichcraft and it's the catty's of this and the, you know, all thatcraft? Correct. The Christians, the God squad, done with the people that are struggling with it, the people that want our Halloween outlawed that, right? Did anyone who trusted us, was just trying to treat the treating or give a piece of it? I don't know, but majority of people are going to be a trick and treat them, how are we meeting it up and all that other stuff? I'm actually there, go ahead. So what are you talking about? The board again, the fundamentalist that's the people that Satan's holiday. You want to say the Getskies, is that what they're going to try to say? What, what I mean to say is, yeah, yeah. Heavy mobile use damages sperm. Not really. Heavy use of mobile phones made damage, Vince fertility. If you were just talking about a couple hours on the phone, like, well, where they put it? Correct. Researchers found those men who used the phone for four hours or more a day had fewer sperm and those that had moved, they had moved four hours, four hours or more a day had sperm and those they had moved less well and were poor quality. Those they had moved less well, in other words, they don't swim good. The Ohio study involved theater in 64 men presented the American Society for reproductive medicine in New Orleans, but a UK expert said it was unlikely the phones were to blame as they were in use and not near the testies and it may be that being sedentary was the cause. Unless you put your phone in your lap when you're talking, you know, it's probably not a good idea. Yeah, I think there are the theory as a more accurate. The team from a Cleveland Clinic Foundation or Ohio tested the sperm at 160 for men who were being treated at Fratile clinics in Mumbai, India with their partners. There we go again with India. It used to be Bombay and now it's Mumbai. Why did they keep changing the names of cities, you know, that in countries and the Christ, that's the British. It was found that the heaviest users, those who used their phones for more than four hours a day had the lowest average sperm counts and 50 million per millimeter and the least healthy sperm. Men who used their phones for between two and four hours a day average sperm counts a 69 million per a milliliter and had modest sperm. Those who said they didn't use mobile phones at all and had the highest average sperm counts 86 million per milliliter and the sperm was the highest quality seen. I didn't know you could see them, but that's what it says here. High quality seen. Unless maybe it's a manuscript. Yeah, the clot around on the wall. Dr. Ayyshak Argoal who led the research to the New Orleans conference instead it didn't prove the bubbles damaged for a tillet but said it showed more research was warranted. There was a significant decrease in the most important measures of sperm health and that should definitely be reflected in the decrease of fertility which is seen worldwide. But there's something that's a good thing. It's not a bad thing. Because the world is badly overpopulated. Zero-populated is EPG. It'll be real happy about that. They ought to give everybody a free cell phone. Say, hey, put this in your lap. Yeah, lap it. Stick it down your shorts. People use mobile phones without thinking twice what the consequences might be. They say it's just like having a toothbrush, but mobile could be having a devastating effect on fertility. Thank God. Stop making all these unwanted babies. How many kids is Madonna going to adopt after all? How many years? It still has to be true, but it could be having a huge impact because mobile are so much part of our lives. I bet you're a blackberry don't cause no one other things. I've got the way I use it. He suggested radiation from mobile phones. My harms for him. Why you have a blackberry? No, it's a third. Similarly. What does that mean? It does other things besides being a phone. Yeah, almost so there's more. So there's more. Yes. Does it give you an internet access? Yes. Oh, email. Okay. It's a good thing I lost that blackberry. It's a best. One of the luckiest things I've ever happened to me in my life was losing the blackberry. It's a couple airports. So then I had to get the brand new one. Right? The old one was the original model. And I was slower than a model T-40. It was just pathetic. Going online on that thing would be like trying to get a clear signal on this station. Impossible. Although we are in stereo. He suggested radiation from mobile phones. My harms for him by damaging DNA. He was speculating the cells in the testies, which produced testosterone or the tubes, which was promised produced. But a British expert can't stand to be suggested, linked between mobile phone use and infertility in the men's study. Dr. Alan Pacy, senior lecturer in andrology at the University of Sheffield said, this is a good study, but I don't think it tackles the issue. If you're using your phone for four hours a day, presumably it's out of your pocket for longer. That raises a big question. How is it that testicular damage is supposed to occur? Dr. Pacy was on a way saying that. That's a very good question. I mean, if you got it in your pocket, you know, if you're the old pocket rocket, Dr. Pacy is on a way secretary of the British for tillethees to sign the end. If you're holding it up your head to speak a lot, it makes no sense that it's having you to write to affect on your testies. Unless of course, your testies are connected your head. That's some cases. Okay. He ended up people that used phones for longer might be more sedentary, more stress-to-reet more junk food, which might be more likely explanation for the link behind the study. More of that junk food, more sitting around on your arse. Good, do that and could make in so many unwanted babies for Christ's sake. George, who's crying out loud? Hello, I will say this when Ethan, a gallon of ice cream to more from Jackson's, that'll probably be helpful. To do washing or up to about 700. Oh yeah, to make me a fat. I hope that you're getting it not me. It's a damn good thing I'm not there, because I can't resist you. Let me in ice cream. Ice cream, we scream. How's that go? We all scream Christy. 1254 voices we reach to the top of the arse. What is is scandalous? That's more or less than they got midday across the street in six weeks, you know? And don't forget to speak out of that. Speaking of across the street, QAN Sports Times, 1156. The biggest thing. So, that's it. It's our fourth video in the world. I'm not sure what you're doing. Well, it beat it. Well, the world out on WQA. Oh, right. Look at who that is. Everybody look at who that is. Not in all the other good mood that is. That way the sea waves. These racing waves. Race around with the star that is. The race coming up never wins. That way the sea waves. Oh, now see me here, all you have to do is. They call me Mr. Witt. Who are they, too? Are we on race? In my rocket, radius. Oh, where are they, baby? You, yo look fat, did they? Oh, how does the rhythm you win the race? Oh, where are they, baby? There's a little bit of play. Well, you're a little bit of a play. Well, you're a little bit of a play. Well, get that on it. How's that, baby? Oh, hey, you're gonna take that, champ. Not a new game, comedy, life. Since that way, you don't go out with me. You're like too slow. You can't compete. Where are they, be slow? On the street. But I show we fast all my feet. We're all busy, slow. We're gonna compete tonight. And I'll learn how to wear out the shavings, but I'll run away. Oh, my God. All right, I'm a traveling man. Made a lot of stuff. But she still lives. Oh, no, but the world. You're hanging every door. Oh, my heart, the least one lovely girl. I'm dying on the air. Oh, my God. With a few days, they're at six, three, seven, nine. I was a very underrated group for Holly. I don't know by whom, but I just think generally speaking, if you talk about, you know, really good groups from above that era. Who the hell would ever bring up the Holly's? I would. Well, maybe you would, but that's, you know, the Holly because, yeah, I love the Holly soon, but they're underrated. You don't think you're underrated? A lot of people don't talk about them, yes. So, yeah. I got that. I got that. I'm a highly overrated. Oh, I don't know by whom. I came here with a Gordon Lifewood. I don't want to, you know, it's too Canadian. What the hell is that? I've changed the trolley as plain the same damn fool. Oh, here it is. I think it'll rob me, Vincent. He still Jewish by the way. What a dead, a tune, another sweet, deep dusk is down today. Chin and Ben doesn't end the things in that circus, didn't rob me. I said that man. And then the brother was named. Oh, no wonder Dell Shannon killed himself. Why? The one away 67. This would do it. Yeah. Oh, my god. So, don't go. Oh, it's too. Don't Shannon, I've got me down here. Oh. I've said you're wise still like all the way. I think he probably can't sing as much of a paper sec every now and then they appear somewhere like down there. Boy, he was good. He may have had the best voice of anybody, you know, even better than Jim Morrison, even better than like Bobby Lewis. You don't think? No, I give it. As you can see, the second question was, Jay Black. I bet he was Jewish. Most of them. Parts of more Jewish. 1267 votes on the pool. Parts of more Black like his here. Heather Wachas, who the hell is she? What kind of a name is that anyway? I know I'm I'm butchered these names. You know what? I don't really care. She's author of the progressive's handbook. Get the facts to make a difference now. Okay. This is from Common Dreams.org, and that is not Stanford orgasm, by the way. However, in scored almost $1.2 billion in revenue from contracts related to Iraq in the third quarter of 2006, leading one analyst to comment, Iraq was better than expected. Overall, there's nothing really to question or be skeptical about. I think the results are very good. Very good indeed, and estimated $655,000 in Iraqis. Over 3,000 dead coalition troops, billions still in from Rax coffers, a country embedded by civil war, and a caliber intern to profits of the results are very good. Very good certainly for Vice President of the obtaining who resigned from caliber in 2000, where they $33.7 million dollar retirement package, not bad for roughly four years of work. An astonishing conflict of interest, Taney still holds more than 400,000 stock options in the company. Why pursue diplomacy when you can make an emotional fortune for more? You have Taney isn't the only one who's benefited from the Bush administration's destructive policies. The Bush family is unquite nicely too. Just a few examples. Bush senior, Bush 41, George Herbert Walker, why need George? Bush's dead has strong connections to the Carlisle Group, a massive private equity investment firm whose chairman emeritus is Frank Carlucci from a college roommate of Don Rumsfeld and former defense secretary under Ronald Reagan. Imagine the pull Carlucci has with today's White House. He's pulling it. But Carlucci has another secret weapon, Bush senior. A mid-conflict of entry delegations, the elder Bush resigned from the Carlisle Group in 2003, but reportedly remains on retainer, opening doors to lucrative profits in the Middle East and elsewhere. Bush's specialty, this is Bush senior, is Saudi Arabia. In fact, he was at a Carlisle investment conference with Osama Bin Laden's estranged brother, Chafeek Bin Laden when I live into the tax took place. Just a coincidence, you understand? Carlisle specializes in military and security investments in with Bush Jr. office, the company's profits have soared. It received $600 and $77 million in contracts in 2002, that a whopping 2.1 billion in 2003. Carlisle investors currently enjoy an equity capital pool of over $44 billion. In January 2006, Bush senior wrote China's Foreign Affairs Ministry that would be beneficial to the conference of development of the Sino-US relations. It'd be longer proved to settle the Chinese bank to a concerty in which included Carlisle. Bloodley put, Bush senior asked China to grant Carloulli a lucrative business deal, or risk his son's wrath for and policy at its finest. William H.T. Bucky-Buyche, Georgia's Uncle Bucky-Joy and the Board of Military Contractor Engineer Support Systems, ESSI, in 2001, and perhaps not surprisingly divided the company's governmental contracts as strongly increased with Bush Jr. and Orphas. Uncle Bucky-Joy and his monthly consulting fees as well as options to buy stock and favorable prices, and considering that ESSI stock tripled to weeks after 9.11, then settled into company territory, it saved to say that Georgia's Uncle is doing quite well. In fact, Bucky-Cashdown in 8,438 stock options in January 2005 earning himself a cool 450 grand in the process. As of last year, he still owned options of 45,000 more shares of the company stock and a quiz more each year. Or is very profitable for ESSI or is an executive or a plain, the increasing likelihood for a prolonged military involvement in Southwest Asia by US forces well in 2000s, excluded a fertile environment for the type of support product and services that we offer. But, thus, anyone conclude that Bucky-Joy is open doors to the company ESSI's vice president investor relations explained in 2005. The fact is, nephew is in the White House, has absolutely nothing to do with this and Bush being on our board or with our stock having gone up to 1,000 percent of the past five years. Absolutely nothing at all. Neal Malen Bush, Neil Roswell and for me in the 1980s is director of the Colorado Bay Silverado savings alone. After Silverado collapsed due to mismanagement and corruption, US taxpayers were stuck with a billion dollar bailout, yet Neal managed to escape the crisis with a small fine in OGL time. It helps to have a dad as vice president. In 1993, Neil joined Borsini Renkowate, the drummer business and the police and today makes a profit by helping companies cash in on the occupation of Iraq. For example, in late 2003, the financial times reported that Neil earned 60 grand a year through the Crest Investment Company, a private firm generating contracts in Iraq. Crest was headed by Jamal Daniel, a long time Bush family contract contact, was also on the rise report of new bridge strategies, a company specifically set up with the aim of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities in the Middle East, following the conclusion of the West Lord War in Iraq. In 2003, Neil's messy divorce proceedings revealed that he was to get $2 million in stock options from a Chinese semiconductor firm despite having limited education for business experience in that area. Critics complained that the Chinese company was buying access to his brother, the president. Neil later testified that our repeated business drift to Asia, he had sex with women who showed up at his hotel rooms presumably prostitutes, hired by companies trying to carry a favor with the White House. Neil's also profit of the course from Georgia's disastrous no child left behind educational policy, his company ignited partially owned by Bush senior and funded by Crest Investment, has been awarded with lucrative federal contracts to place its educational products in school which is across the country, including of course, Florida and his good old brother Fed asked to have. Marvin Pierce Bush, Marvin Joen, the Bush senior and Neil on their Middle East and the United States. He's co-founder of Winston Partners, a private investment firm who's investments in military and security firms profit from Bush's so-called War on Terror. Having a sibling is present in South Marvin, in other ways, too, he's on the Board of ATC Insurance Holdings, which had an insured parts of the World Trade Center. ATC benefited from nine-level insurance bailout legislation pushed through by brother George. Marvin was also on the Board of Secure a Com, a company which provided electronic security for both Dolos International Airport and the World Trade Center by 9-11. Marvin stepped down in 2000, but how intriguing that Bush's brother was so well connected to the security of two critical locations on that fee full day. In short, the results are very good for the Bush dynasty, perhaps even better than expected thanks to George's tend to the Oval Office. Dad's still setting up international deals, Uncle Bucky's cashing and unsuck-offions, brothers Neil and Marvin are laughing all the way to the bank. It's just the American people who paid the ultimate price. We're watching that movie, you know? Why are we going to fight? Yeah. But we won't. At least they won't. You think anybody's watching that movie? Or do you want to like on the cover? Remember we like that? We do. Twelve hundred eighty-two votes, boy. There is no telling the stop on a scam and we're rolling it even. Yes, today is today. You do understand it's the free trial of Howard online. And if you click on that deal, I check that out earlier. They make it up for the one you can refuse. They let you, they will allow you now. Seriously, let's just subscribe online. In other words, you don't have to go out and buy a radio. Why are you doing this for them? I'm not doing ads for them. I mean, it's sarcastic. You get something we don't know about. Yeah, I'm getting it just like they're past a deal. I'm getting it under the table. Oh, we thought we was getting it under the table. Yeah. Yeah. I wish I was back in Berlin and getting it under the table over the table. And like Johnny and George say, over to Montenegroce to see. Can we just play that together today? Yeah, I don't have it. You got it. You got it all. Or I'm working on it. I still haven't figured out where to run. You got all that from. But you got it all. I'm going to check that out. I'm going to check that out. I'm going to check that out. You should've played a jingle on this. Oh, where the mountain? Oh, no, I'd rather hear that than rain drops by the car. Oh, I'd rather hear that than rain drops by the car. Is that on Motown? I don't know. Oh, come on. I have to look in my book. Yes. To my older shoulders. It doesn't seem, I mean, it would have more time to see. Every time we play with a face, I try to look at the old lady. Oh, why? Why do I do that? I don't know any of it. Old parts. Old parts. It's like, you know, not your connection to it. Johnny and George. I'm chess. I've only done chess records. Good luck with chess. 12 13 is Qm Sports Time. It's a big name. So, best tell us the faces. We owe Roger Crest Sports Radio 560. You face more cleaner. Florida Panthers hockey age romp. That's the top. He's so good. That's a nice photo. The fans are so soft against the new Jersey Devil's. As a continent, the late-aligned arena. Every star hit seven with fans in his previous video. Treatment by Jean Lexus. What will you fight for? Qm. Neil Rodgey. Time. I'm dying. I am the man of the softens. And here we go again. There's another losing season. That's never gone up and up. They never win. They never will. When I will never know. But why he wants to illustrate it. Think them. So win the Super Bowl. There are a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The Miami Dolphins. The Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The Miami Dolphins. The Miami Dolphins. The St. Paul's Story Nothing to Do. The Dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the fairy star. I watched the Pittsburgh game. And did you see the wimpy way? They say it in through that flag. Standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a flag. And there's a fair Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The St. Paul's Story Nothing to Do. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Their problems kicked out and like blue. The Dolphins are such a football wall. And they've been trying to see. It's only five year luck. They pulled out of victory. And they played the Texas. It almost made me sick. That's too pit to point past weight. That bumbling on sidekick. And there's a Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The St. Paul's Story Nothing to Do. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. The Dolphins. The Dolphins. The Dolphins. The St. Paul's Horror. Running. Game is flat. That's for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that. There are always gone. A floor will lead a bat and can't be sure. And when they leave the field so has the stench of cowardice. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. I am an adult but snow but I'm gonna choose some of the reason I am an adult but I am an adult but I'm gonna choose some of the reason I am an adult but I'm gonna choose some of the reason I'm gonna choose some of the reason But don't forget to spread a G-day play like any it Another couple games wasn't a game read it's an jets I think they're all excited It's almost like they're first F-dc and tamer and sexycomes Which team is the worst and they'll say I am an adult but I'm an adult but I am an adult but I'm gonna choose some of the reason I am an adult but I am an adult but I'm gonna choose some of the reason I am an adult but I'm gonna choose some of the reason This is a number of people who have been working on the work of the company. That's not. For 21 and still do. Wait till you're this. A representative of Mark Foley Action Figure, when once twice and was finally sold for $315 and one cent on eBay yesterday after $27 bid's run it. $315 and one cent. An action figure. I need some action. Yeah. Scott Reddabe, a Johnson Queen of the Foldy Figure Reanis part of his Horrors in the News series, following the Congressman's scandal involving those young pages of Washington, AC. He's a real page-turner. The inaugural figure Rean was Paris Hilton followed by a panel of Rogers, the Tennessee teacher web, Central Relations with the 13-year-old student. I'm always looking for bad behavior on the news to make her will and clay Johnson, based in Lafayne, Colorado told us that the figure Rean's proud owner is Jamie Junker of Washington, DC, who built through up the tribune in 1501 on eBay. An action figure Mark Foley actually, it shows a picture of the figure Rean and he's got his arm out, like kind of like curled around, like maybe a page would be in that arm. Maybe there's somebody who's something missing in that figure Rean. Okay. Did I mean? Or not. Who now knows? Katrina Vandre Old. This is fantastic. What did I just found? What did you find? You'll have to wait and hear it. All right. I love to try. Because the headline on Katrina's column here is he's still the one. Oh no. Are you all right, just? I like the pun. What's the matter with you? I'm going to ask you one by one. Yeah. Okay. Well, who else would you like to say? Well, what all do you expect to tonight? It's 20. Well, I like this line a lot. Anyway, Katrina Vandre Old says he's still the one. Music fans know John Hall is lead guitarist for all of us. He's a great singer. Anyway, Katrina Vandre Old says he's still the one. Music fans know John Hall is lead guitarist for all of us. And songwriter of Hitchingles, I still the one. Dance in the moonlight and dance with me. Activist know him as the musician organized no new concerts. And released a song, Tower, and Ode to Walter to the Energy. Just released before the three mile island meltdown. It's a couple of citizens and upstate New York. No one is a member of the Ulster County Legislature. And president of the Sardinies Board of Education. And now it looks like Americans might just soon know the state musician and congressman. And good man as congressman John Hall, then I'm going to credit New York. Oh. Well, you started it. And. Carlos Quay, someone seen an upcoming previous state start to be invincible. Representative Sue Kelly of the 19th district. According to congressional quarterly, Kelly took 60% of the vote to a year ago. As if seated, 60% of election since 1998. That's why risk of verse inside the beltway Democrats initially line up behind Judy Adleot. A lawyer in one time Republican, they felt what appealed to the electorate as a moderate. But long time Activist, I believe he could take his message directly to the people I need did to the people. You have an Amy little a 30 year federal organizer on social justice issues. His campaign director, little career past includes raising over 30 million dollars. About 10 men for citizen nation groups and labor coalescing across the country. And sugar is an actual field director for G or go TV and vote over registration in 2004. Since taking the home of the hall campaign, she's bill a gusty and effective grassroots organization. Hall has a simply a powerful message that resonates with voters. He told the Australia report, the biggest issue these days are ending the war in Iraq. A chief universal health care within affordable prescription drug plan and finding safe clean renewable solutions to our energy needs. And why he's running halls says the situation in the nation in the world is at such a crucial juncture in the states are so high. Right now there are no checks and balances. I want to be a voice for creativity and honesty in solving our problems. I want to be proud that's just of our country but of our government he be saying. The emphasis on grassroots field operations produced terrific results on primary day the campaign at 400 people in the field and vote numbers. A hundred percent from the previous election. Hall defeated a lot by nearly two to one margin and got 49 percent of the vote in a four way race. The field team is not going to 1200 people and it seems hall who flew under the radar for so long may turn out to be the perfect stealth candidate to one seat Kelly. How do you like that? Sadly instead of celebrating halls on buildings neck for the voters not to mention his down the worth man. Good ticket's efforts is still shining away from all progressive credentials. One sign of that 85 percent of all fundraising comes. From individuals contributing to a hundred dollars or less I don't want to step on it. Good. Meanwhile, Kelly's and nothing to win to herself the voters. Questions of a resnever her role in the foley scandal which broke on her 70th birthday since he was the chair of the Page Board. She lost her cool and editorial board meeting when it was brought up. She literally ran away from reporters who wanted to talk to her and she's defended the support of the Bush administration Autonomous while building a voting record voters will love if they love Tom Delay. On Sunday the New York Times endorsed Hall as a lawmaker of energy state conviction and clear principles with ambitions and coherent platform. He's also collected the endorsement of the Times held record which has endorsed Kelly in the past. This week, he announced the Sierra Club is backing and is heavily supported by labor. While Kelly still has a typical big bus if it were a public and incumbent and no one should underestimate the work that remains, the human power supply by unique coalition of labor and environmental activists could prove to be the difference on election day. So a lot of happy resources will be dancing in the moonlight coming over on December 7. See you guys have been psychic when you played that. When that's great song. 13. The nine votes on Napoleon I've just do got his impaling himself. 21. maybe Mmm. Wow. Sir the CMS shows a vain on course video 560. Welcome to addition What's the big deal? What I do in my personal life is you know, nobody's business anymore. That's right, against being gay. What else are you? I don't really have too much control over that. I'm kind of a... I'm just your choice. Um, as I hide the fact... Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hide the fact, I'm just... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ah-ha. There's just water for it. Yeah, turn the other cheek and all that type of thing. But, uh, touching. You get it in the mold and not fair line at all. I get it, ever. Yeah. And I'm pretty good at hiding it, I think. Let's take a call. Independence Missouri, hello. Clay, I'm gonna pay it for a month. I'm gonna price your package. Yeah. I'm gonna... Oh, pardon me. I think it's a bit more... It is. We'll be right back. Okay. Okay. Okay. Seven, seven, double, you ain't gonna be seen. Okay. Go! Go! Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. It is okay. No, he's an old one. He was an old man. He's just a fact out with a beard. Okay You know, does that we eat a like him? Exactly. Okay Oh, for it Are you picking on for Murray's hotkin again? I would never I would be surprised to see who happened on Murray hotkin one day experience There be lots of fun He killed Okay, you want to pick on Murray. I'll get him with you now. Oh I give up. I give up We're going to sing an AT7 out of sound. Don't keep up the corner He put the whole leave is so you know, I have a lot of Barry Madelo in here if you want to play like it. No thanks I got a lot of very man-lo bits 13 every and 22 votes on the poll today pretty out Standing outwhelming questions about Halloween put all like Halloween except people don't like candy Right I voted for fun That we we talked about mallocups. Remember that show we did about the cleaning Oh, you already intended that. I thought that was a lot of fun. Yeah, screw them and I did a lot of work on that too I did all I researched and I put it on when you say some paperbudder We can't be where in fact that place I gave the information I'll talk about giving free commercials and was it Brian Check an acre somebody ordered a bunch of candy from there was still and crack or whatever Remember that yeah, forget one of our people somebody actually we might like which we don't like much of anybody But malocups Uh-huh they're around is that they are sure He never seen him here. Hey Well, it was really good. It's like two and two to a package if I can say package And you've gotten into the center of it. It's got like it well Then we're Elzberg writes about the next war public in the dark about governments plans for war in Iran Oh, it's a long article. I'm not gonna read the whole thing. I'll just I'll just Highlight it for you. Okay It's too long He says a hidden crisis is underway many government insiders are aware of serious plans for war with Iran But Congress in the public remain largely in the dark The current situation is very like that of 64 the year preceding our over open and in escalation to yet Vietnam And 2002 the earlyening up to the western Bayes never rack in both cases if one or more conscientious insiders had closed the information gap with Authorizes closures to the public a disastrous war might have been averted entirely my own faded Wife in time to that effect in 64 was put it out to me by Wayne Morris 35 years ago, right salesburg more civil one of only two US senators to vote against the Duncan guffers Luzinaugas 764 he had believed correctly that president Johnson would treat the resolution as a congressional declaration of war His colleagues, however, accepted White House assurances that the president saw no wider war and had no attention Expanding hostilities without further consulting them believe they they believe there were simply expressing bipartisan support for US Erotaxon or three at on three days earlier which the president and secretary of defense McNamara had told them more in retaliation for the unacquivocal unprovoked attack by North Vietnamese torpedo boats on US's tourism On routine patrol and international waters even uh each of the assurances above have been a false a conscious lie that they were lies that would only been revealed of the public seven years later with the publication of the Pentagon papers several thousand pages of South secret documents on US is just making Vietnam that I had released to the press The very first installment published by the times on June 1371 and proven the official account of the talking of episode to be a deliberate deception when when men in September more suggested certainly mention to an audience that all the evidence of fraud have been my own Pentagon safe at the time of the talking gulf vote By coincidence, I had started to work as a special assistant to when assistant secretary Defense the day of the alleged attack which had not affected her at all after my talk more so have been seen Remember the Center for Relations Committee in 64 centimeter if you to give those documents to me at the time The talking gulf resolution would never got out of committee and if it's somehow been brought up on the floor the Senate for a vote It never would have passed It was telling me it seemed that it had been in my power seven years earlier to a birth of deaths So far a 50,000 Americans and millions of Vietnamese with many more to come it was not something I was eager to hear After all, I had just been in debt and I'm eventually were 12 federal felony accounts with a possible sense of 115 years in prison For releasing the Pentagon papers to the public. I consciously accepted that prospect in some small hope of shortening the war more so a thing that I had missed or wheel opportunity to prevent the world together I first reaction was that more said overestimate the significance of the talking gulf resolution and therefore the alleged consequences of my not blocking in their August After all, I felt that Johnson would have found another occasion to get such a resolution past We're going to hit without one even if someone had exposed the fraud in early August years later though it hit me The thought hit me one of I had told Congress and the public later in the fall of 64 the whole truth about what was coming With all the documents that acquired my job by September October and November Not just as more sense in guess to the contents of a few files on the events surrounding the talk in incident All that I had in early August, but the drawer fools of critical working papers memos estimates and detailed escalation Options revealing the evolving plans of the Johnson administration for wider war expected to commence soon after Right after the election and sure what if I had put out before the end of the year whether before after November election All a classified papers from that period as I eventually did disclose in 1971 and I done so the public in Congress would have learned that Johnson's campaign thing we seek no wider war was a hoax It would have learned in fact that the Johnson administration had been heading in secret toward essentially the same policy I've explained in war that his presidential rival Senator Barry Goldwater openly advocated a policy that the voters overwhelmingly Repeated it at the polls The run up for the 1950 or 64 a Gulf of talk and resolution was almost exactly parallel to the run up of the 2002 Iraq War resolution in both cases The president is top-to-have in office as cautiously decede Congress and the public about a supposed shirt run threatened order and justify wins Support for carrying out pre-existing offensive plans against the country that was not in the return danger to the US In both cases of the session was essential for the political feasibility of the program for sites that because expert opinions I've a government foresaw costs Danger's a no prospects of success It would have doomed the project politically if there had been truly informed public discussion before hand and in both cases That necessary deception for that is succeeded without the obedient silent silence of hundreds of insiders who move full well both of the session and the Folly of acting upon it. I think I'm gonna finish this. I'm just gonna pop it right there. Good. What good? I mean, you're gonna finish it and he closure you need closure. Yeah, closure. Yeah I'll play Murray hop in again. Oh If you don't have their hand, there's worse. What's wrong with Murray hop? Nothing nothing Kind of a stool for a train line hit one there that was on apple records. I believe you remember not can you actually see the label on the record? No 1241 is QM sports time Let me tell you right now a speedness sports car is there nothing like a corvette taking for me I've had about six thousand them over the last 20 years and I bought virtually every one of them at Lubeback Roach here by and that's where you ought to be shopping right now. They got a fantastic selection of Corvets and trucks and SUVs and many vans and great news cars too. Everyone I'm backed by car five-scarity And don't forget during this month of October, which has just a few days left to go Lubeback Roach running their race to a thousand for the first time And it's history they want to sell a thousand cars in one month and as a result they're staying open for you every night till midnight to get to that thousand number How many votes we got on the poll 1332 see we got them beat forget the price make it an off-it-ell beat any deal more money for your trade Zero percent financing we race up to six grand whatever it takes. They'll do it for you only a Lubeback Roach Chevrolet with two great locations for you you're finding in Pompano Beach Quarter mile West of by 95 and a coconut creek on four 41 jess out of the sagras express way They'll forget Lubeback Roach heavy a single until midnight every night so get your ass over to Lubeback Roach for unbeatable Service selection and of course sales people will even know their stuff the best of on the Chevy you'll ever get in your life or check them on the wicked web at loopbackroad.com BACH R O D T Lubebackroad The biggest name so best tell us to the basis wheelerotchers for Shredio 560 Now is that the one that's the one that's the one that never be sure The one that's the one you Another restores and is fresh and George W. Bush in her new country tour and now the president is fighting back BAM You don't know anything Why Don't you just shut up and sing Look on Mandarin she counter punches You know once in a lifetime stage extra begins a barber's dressing I've got a gigantic me Again Don't know how James Broland taps that From the way she let herself go It's a going fast to sing George W. Bush on stage Disney but democratic Diva for restores and make her much In the middle of a map She came out of the room So what ever happened are you catering I Not another money at wonder I can't believe what else is on as this one for your buddy your closest best personal friend you know who he is no Oh The blinds the eyes Some people A squeeze net David Cassidy a blow up dollar never mind I guess I'm to our story here get back to this Daniel Elsever column please the next war He says one insider aware of the Iraq Times and eligible about the inevitably disastrous result of executing these plans was Richard Clark Chief of counter terrorism for George W. Bush and invited the three presidents before him He had spent 9-11 2001 in the White House coordinating the nations response to the attacks He reports in his memoir against all enemies discovering the next morning his amazement that most discussions There were about attacking Iraq Clark told Bush and Rowsville that a match had nothing to do with nine liberal with his perpetrator Alcada as Clark said the secretary of his state coal and piled that afternoon having been attacked by Alcada For us not ago bombing Iraq and response which Rermstone was already urging would be like our invading Mexico after the Japanese attack this at Pearl Harbor That's right hopper with the Japanese not the Germans Actually Clark for us though that it would be much worse than that attacking Iraq would not only be a crippling distraction of the task of pursuing the real enemy, but it would in fact aid that in me nothing America could have done would have provided Alcada and students In addition of cloned groups a better recruitment device than our unprovoked invasion of an oil rich Arab country I single-eyed Clark follow counts among the best of the public servants only because of his unique role in counter terrorism And because thanks to his illuminating 2004 memoir we know his thoughts at the time and particularly intensity of his anguish and frustration Such a memoir allows us to read each new revelation rescue a simple question What difference might it have made the events if he had told us this at the time? Clark was not of course the only one who could have told us or told Congress we knew from other accounts at both of his key judgments The actions of linkage between Alcada and Sodom and his correct prediction that the attacking Iraq would actually make America less secure And strengthen the broader racial radical Islamic terrorist movement were shared by many professionals in the CIA The state department and the military yet neither of these crucial experts conclusions is made available to Congress or the public by Clark or anybody else in the 18 months run up to the war even as they heard the president leave the country of the opposite false impressions To what these official saws a disastrous unjustified war they felt obliged to keep their silence Constantly as their silence was to the country and their victims I feel I know their mindset I had long prized my own identity as a key for the president's secrets In 1964 never even occurred to me to break the many secrecy agreements I had signed in the Marines at the ran corporation in the Pentagon Although I already knew the Vietnam war was a mistaken based on lies my oil. He's then rid of the secretary defense and the president I'm not proud that it took me years of war to awaken to the higher royalties Ohed by every government official to the rule of law to our soldiers and harm is way to our fellow citizens and explicitly the Constitution Which every one of us is for an oath to support enough hold? It took me that long to recognize that the secrecy agreements we had signed frequently can put it well Where there are oath to uphold the Constitution that conflict arose almost daily I noticed by me rather officials whenever we were secretly aware that the president or other executive offices were lying or misleading Congress In giving priority and effect to my promise of secrecy ignoring my Constitution obligation I was no worse or better than any of my Vietnam era colleagues are those who later saw the rack of war approaching and feel the war in anyone outside the executive branch I Ironically carcule vanity for in 2004 that in his own youth He had ardently protested the complete folly of the Vietnamese war and they wanted to get involved in national security in 73 as a career So that Vietnam didn't happen again. He is left today with a sense of failure It's an arrogant thing to think that I've ever stopped another Vietnam But it's really filled me with frustration that when I saw a rack coming I wasn't able to do anything after having spent 30 years in National security and heading in some senior level of positions You think I might be able to have some influence some tiny influence, but I couldn't have any Clark said But it wasn't too arrogant. I believe for Clark to aspire to stop this second Vietnam personally He actually had a good chance to do so throughout 2002 the same chance added a more said point it out to me and instead of writing a memoir to be cleared for publication in 2004 a year after a rack had been invaded Clark could have made his knowledge of the word a comment and stained your door security publicly for the war He could have supported his testimony with hundreds of files of documents from his office safe and computer to which he then still had access He could have given these to both a median event of a credit control Senate If I criticize the president of the press's special assistant in the summer 2002 Clark told Larry King and March 2004 I would have been fired within an hour That is undoubtedly true, but that should be the last but should that be the last word on that course to be sure virtually I'll be regrets would agree with him as he told King that his only responsible options at that point were either to resign quietly or to spin from the one house to the press as he did But that's just the working norm. I mean to question here his perceived alternative I wish to suggest was precisely to court being fired for telling the truth to the public Would document we evidence in the summer of 2002 for doing that Clark would not only have lost his job as parents and his careers in executive official It would almost surely have been prosecuted might have gone to prison But the controversy that ensued would not have been about hiding sight and blame it would have been a well about whether war and Iraq would make the US safer and whether was otherwise justified That debate did not occur in 2002 This is a real debate about war and be adnamed in the current tooth in 64 thanks to the discipline red or a red of innocence of Clark and many others Whatever his personal fate which might have been severe his disclosures would have come before the war perhaps instead of it We faced it a crisis summer of those of 64 in 2002 a crisis didn't once again from the public in most of Congress Articles by see more hersion of his or hersion of revealed that isn't both those earlier cases The president is secretly directed to completion of not yet execution of military operational plans not merely hypothetical contingency plans But constantly updated plans with moving a forces in the high states of witness for a proper implementation on command for attacking a country that unless attacked itself Poses no threat to the US in this case Iran According to these reports many high level officers and government officials are convinced that our president will attempt to bring about regime change in the brand by erotack That he and his wife president have long been no less committed secretly to doing so than they were about attacking Iraq And that a secretary defenses is mainly optimistic about the prospects for a fast Chief military success there as he was in Iraq even more ominously Philip Jura Juraldi a former CIA official reported me American conservative Eurgo the vice president and Chinese officers directed contingency planning for a large scale Erosolman Iran employ both conventional and tactical nuclear weapons and the several senior air force officers involved in the planning were a Paul that the implications of what they were doing that Iran is being set up for an unprovoked nuclear attack But that no one has prepared a damage is clear by posing any objection Several or herses sources have confirmed both a detailed operational planning for use of nuclear weapons against Deep underground Iranian installations and military resistance to this prospect Which led several senior officials to consider resigning? Herse notes that opposition by the joint chiefs in April to the White House led to the White House with draw of a nuclear option for now I would say the operational plans remain in existence to be drawn upon for a decisive blow if the president deems necessary Many of these sources regard the plan massive error attack with it without nuclear weapons is Almost sure to be catastrophic for the Middle East the position of the US and the world our troops in Iraq the world economy And US domestic security Vester is deeply concerned about these processes prospects as many other insiders were in the year before the Iraq invasion That's why unlike the lead up to be a non-mari Iraq Some insiders are leaking to reporters But since these are stosures so far without documents and without attribution have not evidently had enough credibility raised public alarm The question is whether such officials have yet reached the limit of the responsibilities to our country Assuming herses so far anonymous sources mean what they say that this is as one puts in a juggling octave has to be stopped I believe it's time for one or more than to go beyond fragmentary leaks on a company by documents That means doing what no other active official or consultants ever done in timely way We need to reach your carcne or I know anyone else thought of doing until we were no longer officials no longer had access to current documents After bombs had fallen thousands had died years into a war. It means going outside executive channels as officials with contemporary access To expose the president's lies and it poses war policy publicly before the war with unequivocal evidence from inside Simply resigning in silence doesn't meet more or political responsibilities of officials rightly appalled by the thrust and secret policy I hope that one or more such persons will make the sober decision accepting sacrifice of clearance and career and risk of prison to disclose Comprehensive files that convey irrefutably Officials secret estimates of cost and prospects and dangers of the military plans been considered what needs disclosure is the full internal Controversy the secret critiques as well as the Pentagon papers of the Middle East But I don't like in 1971 the ongoing secret debate should be made available before our war and the region expands to include a ran Before the 61-year moratorium on nuclear wars ended violently to give our democracy a chance to propose either of these catastrophes The personal risk of doing this are very great if they're not as great as the risk of bodies and lives Rasting daily of over 130,000 young Americans with many yet to join in an unjust war our country has urgent need for comparable courage Moral and civil courage from its public servants. They always the truth before the next war begins That's all day Irish work. I'm sure that I finished that is good. I'm very glad I had that idea 1357 Vosin I pulled it a pull about Halloween and QAM sports time by the way 12.56 Just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon I was sitting in a tavern Attacking a threat there was something What even walked to three for the most peculiar people I wasn't really sure if they were me Now I have never ever seen a faggin you fairy from where I come they are so very rare But what I saw it made me want to do But I knew that it was in polite to stare Those are the games not afraid they all would stand for like Together we're at the bar That's while they're friends forever But those are the games all your fools are the games Now I know it's really not my business No, I'm not really one little hold of her But I can't believe they smoke each other's substance and Get down on all fours and pack the food Those are the games They almost stand for like this they laugh and sing together All Primוב All the names of friends who may almost act like them And that's it together, we have a lot They told themselves, we just got them All their friends around there must know about it again Oh, I... This is the... Oh yes, those are the games And I told it's fair I think it's wonderful Double you can't help And write a name Oh right I'm not your mind Don't make it easy You give me a love Oh, I guess who you mentioned before I can't believe in my father Good Canadian girl guy, whoever she went to remember Oh, man, hurry Man, hurry He's got all about your kids, you know, gotta save her Right He needs this knowing that was cool That dream The unborn brat was waiting for his coat And if that isn't good enough Boy, it's pretty warm-warm Canada meat It's a wild air-star I put you away from the wind And we see you ever ugly or what Yes, you are A lot of four, that's one of the only It's interesting when you see those in commercials Which you don't watch, Josh watches in religiously All the infomercials with the time-life series Yeah, it's my favorite No, it's not And let me just tell you the bad news about that GT Express And right, today I was making my arm up And there and I was a little concerned about the fact But I thought it was the egg beaters It caused the stuff to stick there But it's been on stick Yeah, and I went out and I cleaned that baby up And smeared the lollipopula on there I got some more real eggs again And I made that amount of the other day Was like some real eggs on Tuesday And it's still stuck like over a minute Or maybe the non-stick coating Or on Right, maybe it don't last very long Maybe it's more possible Yeah, but you're pardon? Oh great Mmm, maybe that's why I had like 85 visits to the shrenness Because we were non-stick No, that's for sure Sliders 13 and 17 was we got 14 and we're delighted And we probably could have made 15 again for the second day But we don't want to set the bar too high You know what I mean? Because then if you set the bar too high Like little people like George and Verm Troy Or can't get a drink Yeah, I got the chair Got the carpet It's kind of a big, big slumber chair New chair, my ex Got ghosts Real service, real saving 13 ever in the 70 votes on the pool about Halloween Well, put a pumpkin out in the front and light a candle Looking clear channel communications speaking of clowns The largest US radio broadcast You're just considering a possible sale of the company Oh my god And hard Goldman Sachs and companies and advisors The shares jump yesterday 9.7% The board is evaluating alternative to increase the sheer price And chemistry that in transaction will occur San Antonio based clear channel said this statement The hiring of Goldman Sachs brings the maze family which controls team channel Closed it away possible leveraged by a lot of times the beastlies by him Yeah, right Cheap executive officer Mark Mays has spun off the company's live entertainment unit Live nation ink and sold shares of its author advertising unit clear channel after holding zinc in an IPO And their case is not going to be an IPU The stock has been heard by slow growth in the radio industry Clear channel spokeswoman Lisa Dalland who declined to comment beyond the release The company said in statement that it won't come any more about the matter Unless a specific transaction is approved by the board Cheers a clear channel gain $3.15 To 3530 extended trading The shares registered following the CNBC report that the maze family is Warming to the idea of a leverage by a their warming to it The company has had serious talks with Colbert Krabbers Roberts and company about going private Financial time is reported yesterday citing people from middle of the situation The maze family previously rejected a approach from private equity investors financial time set It's there would be nice of some religious sub bunching us with by this station pay us all off Who is he George with the contract and Josh all my god. Do you see the deal I made him? Yeah, what a deal or not? 13 every in 75 votes. I got news for a man if they if this station got sold and they had it paid me off next to two and a quarter years Whatever it is I'd send you guys both. I don't know your best wishes I'd send you my best wishes and a book. That's right. Not each but like to divide between it 13 75 the votes are pouring in a Halloween hang a dead cap from your door on Halloween So he's always good to keep the evil spirits off isn't sure and the witches too Any witches come to your house burn them burn their ass. They might be friends of mine. Well, I guess in Can becau is a bright educated progressive guy and normally scoff the conspiracy theories But the talent or a god and resident isn't scoffing it those who believe the truth has you Wouldn't it be something if you lived in town called talent or a grum Funnier places in that this kind of a strange name the talent or god or resident isn't scoffing it Those who believe the truth has yet to be told about the 9 level attack on the world trace center in New York and the Pentagon and Washington Becker 52 is found to have 9-11 truth now and independent grassroots group of the grassroots board got them somewhere Demanding an independent criminal investigation 9-11. I'm open minded, but I'm also skeptical. I'm not a conspiracy theorist said the married father of two I have a family. I have my own business. I'm an ego scoff. Let's live for today with the grassroots Right. Oh, yeah, I can name that song in one note And talk it up without being able to hear it I'll have a kiss Midnight very good Yeah, confessions. What's this one? I tell a thousand I live a closed maybe in a girl. What is it? You got it. What is it called? I'd wait. I'd wait a minute in years. Right. Right. Oh, yeah. What is it? Tentation I. Okay, so that's crap. Okay. What are we immune? We're going to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be taken into account by the person to take this ding dong school as a friend to cut off his ding dong they'd done ding dong ding dong the swishes dead for Kenny Walker man he's a sport he's I mean I know he does the P.A. to the off-game is my right about that sir but he never I'm sure that when he was on with footing a while and hundred nobody ever thought oh well he's just another sports nerd Kenny Walker right he's a broadcaster he's a I was a morning guy anyway I don't want to get into that when it's your fault becker 52 is five or nine up and truth now an independent grassroots group to make it independent criminal investigation line 11 he says nine eleven way so many questions that have never been answered by a government I don't know what happened but we do need to find out the group is sponsoring the org on premiere of nine eleven the myth and the reality documentary film that will be shown this Saturday evening in the performing arts and record creator high school and central point org on that's that's all about our and ever been there never been in the great north west Washington Oregon you've been there right beautiful beautiful area nice people beautiful and not far from Vancouver right right before you see where you might have a big family can roll the newspaper up lush clean well at last speaking yeah judge would like to lunch part you know the meeting featuring David rake with an author and professor meritorce philosophy religion theology of kermont school theology in california it raises nine points this movie does which question the government's explanation the incident following the screening Ken Jenkins the home producer director will respond to questions from the audience and it goes out about way and what they know tickets are ten bucks you'll have to spend like uh six hundred ago on there during the film group and explains in detail why he doubts the bush administration's explanations that it was surprised by the attack and why the hijack airliners were not intercepted he also questions how the steel frame buildings could have imported the way they did and the proof the attacks were carried out by al cita out of the rest of the summer of it on the also doubts the story of the attack on the Pentagon and the bush administration claims that the pilot was an amateur and an al cita hijacker moreover he doesn't agree with those who believe in the nation's political and military leaders would have no motor for orchestrating the attacks film director Ken Jenkins fifty nine of send refugee al california has made several nine lovin films all of which question the official story of the attack this was not a casual issue to take on he said the telephone interview at first we were called nuts crazy people said we were uh hated our country now why do you hate america county it felt early on that we were putting our lives online we've been talking about it yet these questions in our accepted by an increasing number of people were a long ways from total accepted but people are having their doubts now about the official explanation back to the local group is got about a dozen people in its core would roughly 150 units email is he said those who question the official nine lovin explanation can no longer be written off as so many conspiracy cooops only sixteen percent of americans think the bush administration is telling the truth about nine lovin backers said setting a recent New York Times CBS poll that's huge that means that eighty four percent think something else there's also a growing disinchanical lovin mainstream media's exploration of the issues he said i've always thought we're going into democracy and that news is news he said noting a no longer feels that way there's a whole lot of information our press doesn't cover he added so we're becoming our own media for profit journalism has come at the expense of truth vickers got a bachelor's degree in design and industry and operations on important business wonders why there was such a delay in scrambling fighter jets to intercept the airliners appointed a group of others make his well who is responsible for that and what how was spider man by the way this is a two movies we sure could use him on i love and can we damn it spider man's five who gave the order to stand down something must have taken place for an event of this night to be ignored he says he wonders why no heads rolled up the military did react unusually slowly to a threat on the Pentagon which he knows would be one of the most heavily guarded facilities in the world human beings make mistakes he said i'm a father of business man i'm alive i make mistakes it nothing happened to make mistakes if it happened to be the administration explained this is a big red flag to me he said that vector whose birthday is September 11th also agrees with your from there's no proven connection between al cardin nine eleven the fact don't support the evidence he said the administration explanation for additional information see nine eleven truth out of work you know right now i'll be looking at it i took a peek at it there's your buddy rumswell he's governed their country here and right here and rumswell i'd rather hear what's your name what's in it when you can probably got him on your memories and we've already passed over some divisions to the Iraqi military chain of command but it's not just security it is it is as i've said the reconciliation process is going to have three or four major milestone you might mention my name to rights master garrison yeah amen q amp sports time q amp music time is one fourteen the biggest name so best talent to the gameura Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ow, ow, ow, I'm so heyeechdoer, I brought you here, here he is, oh, like a colored Oh, you spoiled old boots. I know everything that's going on in that room. Why I even know all the new Marjorne rules. I'm here to the giant daddy. Oh, you're a boobie. Superb, you know what's not good, guys. It's a bad issue when I take you to the beach. I know I ain't no way clearly. But when they drop high boys, let's change. You little smoothings, that's all I need to do. Oh, you're a boobie. I just want to stop. Oh, you're a boobie. I just want to stop. I just want to stop. I just want to stop. Oh, you're a boobie. From 70-70-80-80, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I don't tell me he died, Jean Piddly, because I loved Jean Piddly. I think he died. Get out of here. How do we talk about that on the show that he made of that? You better look at Piddly and Google his ass right now. We're going to go in your ass scene. What's not that I'd pull at the chance to think of today? The chance to think of the chance to drop at the gas. You'd like to go in the window and get in the gap. Hey, Mom. How do you know? I'll put you in the... I'll put you in the... I'll put you in the... I said, yeah, he's dead. I vaguely remember. He was my Alzheimer's kicking in. I vaguely remember Jean Piddly dying here. And I wasn't that long ago. Wasn't it this year? Hey. I think he just swore, and how can you not do this? I actually was on that foundo. I'll have to click on the story. No, not. I'm looking. Jesus Christ. Of course our connection here is totally. Yeah, it takes out there. I know he died in a hotel. That's all I know right now. He died in a hotel. He died in a hotel. He died in a hotel. He died in a hotel. He died on a hotel. Four five, always he died. He died for a day. I told you or was that long ago. That's why it's still, you know. Like did that really happen? I sure as I'll hope not because only luck can break up my heart. But anyway, up until maybe you're five minutes ago my whole life I never realized I guess I saw it once before But I was tough and even that song was pretty woman, didn't you? It's similar it's oh pretty woman That's right, did you know that I did not that you reminded me it's pretty woman I don't know why because you guys stay old pretty woman and you when they start to song I guess eventually you get your mind and says oh and what's it? Although it really is a rock saw a bomb Sing down the street What's it? Pretty woman By Van Halen Oh by Van Halen Oh my god, I was down on call pretty woman? Yeah oh and held old pretty woman 14 at ridden three votes. Let's have another oh come on Thank you Halloween is fun. Yeah, it's fun. If you weren't a fan, it can be your writing if you're just a hard-working You get drunk. It's okay. You're that's exactly ready to much a free crap. Maybe get like a you know a pin stuck in your throat Halloween is fun Five ninety seven only for little kids three eighty seven annoying 143 how about another excuse to get drunk? I'm not saying put that on your buddy I was thinking to be a tall part of fun waking up in the morning. That's another excuse to get drunk for Josh At least sometime during the day hopefully not before one annoying 143 lots of knowing if you're one of those people and he's those little kids going right take a train I can I knew do you know just shut down all the lights going to the back room That's right turn the TV sound way way down That's right don't put out no jack old lantern keep the lights shut off go in a bedroom and lock the door Hopefully with somebody else stupid 98 a waste of time 63. I hate this pool 46 only 3.2% hate this pool And of course it's timely and what about circus? What about our annual circus pool? You never did find out when so See the reason you wouldn't know I'll tell you which crap 41 dangerous 29 which crap? I'm surprised that it didn't get much higher Let's see. Yes, you see. Oh See it's always with a TH on the end right took a Yeah, so close what could you have actually the Jewish festival of circuit circus? So coat but when is it oh man, it's bad when and when the hell is it? I don't know I'm going to the get right to Jewish calendar. Oh, that's bad The Egyptian place so coath near the start of the Israeli is really Israelized Exodus from Egypt So now tomorrow morning making a play the Israelites by disband decor Remember that no You don't remember the Israelites we've played it for Kremlin. We've got a yellow chicken ex-son on that What is wrong with that? I don't have the original of How are you my sugar? Anyway, am you found circus yet or not an issue CCOTH? So coath Did the Arab circus Arab circus circuit would be the right day at four or six? Oh, it's already gone. Oh, my That's what we what you spoke to do on circus anyway. You did much of cramp. I'm sure I did. I can't remember that. You know, it's like 20 days ago Knowing us we all you must have crap on that data matter what the old day it was right right Because when you're big and fat and old you lot of that that's how you got that way that's how you stay that way if you ask me 26 past one QA music time I can't believe you put these did I think you guys made that up he died in a hotel Probably a broken down hotel to come for him like a fluzzy place, you know Fleabag hotel we bag hotel roaches, you know Flothouse Where can you have the screens creaking in the bed next door and some Yahoo's are in there just screw in there brains out. Oh, god 27 past one at five sixty w QA and that's our sports time and it's down mattress is 30th birthday I bet you don't have the balls to dare me to play that verenture thing you might double dog there Yeah, check This is Real service real saving And celebrate their 30th birthday Donald mattress and Simmons are offering three lowest price of the year Unde best selling Simmons be the rest pillow top. You know that the verenture spot maybe the You know they're certain TV spots that you can't get out of your mind that you stay with you forever That one may be the most influential in my life. I just I can't just can't stop thinking about it You know I mean I don't even Anyway, you can choose a Donald mattress and South Florida's biggest selection Simmons video rest right now with same day delivery And if you're finally ready for a good night's sleep like most of us have been doing for years Do this smart thing this time call Donald mattress at 1 800 mattress for factory direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense No BS Donald mattress has 12 months financing for you and when you do business with Donald mattress They let you pick the date and time for delivery and they actually show up any day seven days a week from even a m 10 p.m. You picked it to our window and they jump right through it even the very same day that you call if you want So if you call right now, you can be sleeping in real comfort as soon as tonight That's why Donald mattress is right number one in customer satisfaction in my all of us here Q and with the brain used out of mattress check them out on the web at Donaldmatrix dot com or just sit there reach for your instrument and your phone and pick it up and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 m a t t r e s leave off the life as because it stands for sensational stew Savings This week on ABC once we drive you in the dance for you in life from the creators of Dancing With The Stars. Somebody smut their shutt down. Let's look for the gentle curve of your butt must be there. Sarah Evans and her husband, star in. I want to make you dance for her. Cheating on the stars. Do you have any clue that he was so cheating on you? Now, if you don't hear all of that, when high-volume, there is no cheating on the stars. I sure couldn't make our appointment. He found his third wife in the second wife. He got so depressed. He got an entire bottle of food. We got his pro that way. Let's see the face. Golden. You fairly. All my eyes. You're the rose. That could be the best song in history. Let's do that one again. Let's take that full. What's the greatest song in history? It's a spiral staircase. Is it a spiral staircase? No. I don't know. näga. dauyou att Azfefau canal taf leetel de l Good thing Michael Jackson's who had a palm of Carny, you know, and I hold you with a Beatles library. That's not a good thing. Well, and like I said, it's a bad thing that palm of Carny's that stupid. And we're sitting in the street and he was dead. Right. Just talking to you. And I actually, I like the carpet. I like the carpeters take on it. I got it somewhere. I'm gonna whip it out. No. When you got it, I'm not gonna whip it out. There you go. Boy, you are fast today, man. He's like, top of me. This man is dangerous. It could be a beginning of a whole new format. I mean, we've done this to you. Sure, and did it all around with something bits of songs. Not another genre. Yeah. Like the Beatles, Kibbles and Bits. Sure. Present the QM bits of music. Yeah. You did a song a little play a bit. Like that. And if you name that tune in the two notes, you're like, look, you be like a sports clock. You can always know what. Yeah, we say always know what sports time is. You said clock, right? I don't know if they have a sports watch. I'm sure they say to things that sports watch. Like the way you take to the track, the way it happens and here I'll get along. They're watching it all day. William Grider writes about the end game in Iraq in the nation. He's good. He says the facts are so stark even American military commanders and I was speaking openly about an approaching climate-sourable. He misadventure in Iraq. The standard fall and back there, the New York Times had learned a clear this morning. A showdown is here, the general's acknowledged. There are no more back-up strategies. Learned policy experts from all sides and out-of-baiting the various alternatives for next-of-it-plan, perfectly with honor they hope, but getting out is becoming un-of-up, un-of-a-votable regardless. And ever since they, of course, do they know? They would like to dream up some sort of a fig leaf that gives cover to our field warrior president, not that it deserves one, but they want to plan that will encourage Bush finally to accept reality. Who is being left out of this momentous discussion? The Iraqi people whom we are led to that were teaching how to become a small Dean Democrats, which will atlessly tell the democracies his true goal. He said that the three Iraqi elections is proof that he was succeeding. So let's have one more election in Iraq. A referendum where the Iraqi people get to decide whether America's armed forces withdraw and win. This ingenious proposal comes from Harold Davis in attorney and Douglas Massaduitus who's led to the editor-apired in the Saturdays Boston Globe and spelled out the logic. Let's put our Iraq withdrawal to revolt and Iraqi vote they was declared. His proposition is sincere but also cleverly hoist Bush on his own bloated rhetoric. If the principles hold true, Davis said, shouldn't the Iraqi people hold a fate of the country in their hands? He's got the whole world. Remember who did that? I don't know. In his hands was on Capitol record Johnny Mathesau. Get out of here Johnny Mathesau's my ass. I bet he would. Jesus. Davis, Limey, Don't Limey, Davis, Limey, Davis did this. You're chewing gum, Luzid's flavor on a bedpost overnight. He's got the whole who did that? Now can I interrupt my reading there for a second? Well that didn't it. What was that? Whole wide world. No, it's not it's called he's got. I know. God, I don't got that. He's right. God, I got to my book here somewhere. I got this. Better. Okay. Here we go. Dory London. Never heard of it. He's got the whole world. I mean, ever this dog is her. I just don't have it. I guess I got to get it. Well, what do you mean? I never heard it. Never heard of her. Lori, it's not her. I think is it a girl? Lori London? I don't know. Sometimes it's a little bit button. You can't tell. Can I get back to this again? Okay. The proposition from this to her old Davis attorney Massachusetts is in Sierra, but also a totally hoist bush on his own voted rhetoric. If the principals hold true, Davis said, shouldn't he? Recky people hold a favor of their country in their hands. His letter provided sample awarding for the ballot initiative. Voters in Iraq would be asked to choose one of the following three options. One, I asked that all coalition forces being withdrawn within six months of Davis referendum. Two, I asked that all coalition forces being withdrawn within one year of the Davis referendum. Or three, I asked that the government of Iraq determined sometime in the future when all coalition forces should be withdrawn. That sounds reasonable enough. Our reason, posting just Iraqis, it's a thing you get to the polls without being killed. Would vote for immediate US withdrawal, immediate. Will the dwindling ranks of war enthusiast in Washington rally around Harold Davis's call for Iraqi self-determination? Or does the White House feel that a free election on more in peace would be pushing this democracy talk a bit too far? We can't cut short earlier. My machine over there, man, is a big money machine for Halibut and in backtail and all the era friends. Remember in the Michael Moore movie and they talk about it? All that money, it's going to be rolling in? Yeah. Remember that's actually a good for us and that for them. That's right. That's correct. Especially back to those dead and the disagreement and dismembers people. You know, we could easily made 1500 again to that. It could be a regular thing on a show. That's like being the worst that he wasn't getting all with them about that ice cream that's coming from Jackson's tomorrow. Josh just forgot about it. Plus he had to spend a lot of time there googling stuff. You know like, um, I got Jackson's fever. Like, you know, exactly. Like poor Jean Pitney. Like, like poor Martha from Martha in the Vendelle. He's a homie looking guy. Who's your homie looking up? He didn't pick me. No, he was not. He's probably the only thing to go right now. He looks like a Mark Foley to me. Looks like a Mark Foley. What kind of a comment is that? What is what do that mean? Oh, and guess what I found. I've been looking for this and looking for it and almost wasted like 12 or 13 or 15 bucks without butter on the copy because I'm so enchanted and enamored with it. Oh, brother. In fact, this one is if there's his own jingle. Okay, we have time for this probably not. I don't care. I like that the gas room that I found. That was the outrageous. That was your just deal. By the way, thank you. Thank you very much. Here it is. She came up. I don't have to shoot up your house. I don't have to sum him to you if I want to play them. Jean Pitney. So, no, it's not Jean Pitney. She came up with you. What's outside? Oh, that. I found my disstanding of a shadow's a motel. Thanks, girl. Well, if you do something like that man, you have lost a lot of losing very precious. I'm sorry. I'm losing touch with the eye. I'm under fabulous and heart for who I can. Anybody out there hasn't seen the movie standing in the shadows of Motana even Josh saw that and he liked it. Yes, I did. Pretty dang good. Even if you're not a big motel enthusiast, if you're even a mediocre du Middle and Media Motel enthusiast to love it. And if you are a Motel on the lover, or Secretary Robustell talks about the time table for where an Iraq is said, but a beat for the loop of about. They don't in terms of security. They ain't seen nothing. 1438 votes on a poll man. If we'd have leaned on these people like Bill with her said, lean on me. Remember that I like Bill with her? You're pressing. More it. It didn't like lovely day. Lovely day. I never heard of that in my life. Lovely one day. I never heard of it. I've told you I have heard of and that's the loopback road Chevrolet up there in Pompano Beach because I bought a Zillion Towers from them. I got two core vets from them right now. When I get down to Starphoto, I just can't even begin to tell you how much I enjoyed driving. Like up and down in the Maya garage, you're going to go out on the road down there. Anyway, the service that sales people sliced to cars are top-notched loopback road. They treat your fantasticly worldly like a king and or queen. And the prices can't be made anywhere in town. And right now, loopback road is having their race to a thousand. For the first time in their history, they want to stole 1000 cars in one month and they got a shot. Just like Jimmy used to say, we got a shot. They've got the biggest selection of new and new's cars including those hot new Corvets, trucks SUVs and many bands anywhere going. They've also got used car starting with just 39.95 every single one of them back by a carfax 1 and 2. Loop, what was that? Only not me, no winners. Loopback roads out to Salah 1000 cars this month and their single until midnight. They're going to get the job done. Forget the price. Make them any kind of an offer and they will guarantee you to beat any deal. They give you more money for your trade. Zero percent financing rebates up to $6,000 whatever it takes to get the job done and put your ass in the car your choice. Only a loopback road Chevy with two locations. Palmano Bay's a quarter mile west of 195 and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the soil grass. They'll forget loopback road stay open till midnight every night. So whenever you're going to move like even after work, go see loopback road and get the best deal you ever got in your life on a great new Chevy or check them on the web at loopbackroad.com. You like crunchy cartoons and get ready for the filthyest one ever on cable. It's mouth bar. mouth bar Scott bad. In fact, mouth bar contains 100% of your child's recommended daily allowance of dirty work. Oh yes, mouth bar Scott fart is too. Six inches in more part of than any other cable car. You are. All parts got it this week. The bad kid kills his mom. Bad language. Parties. Violent. They all on mouth bar. What do you mean? New. Did your choice? Go go! 147 on all hit music radio 560 Q a m. Think that's sports and shove it. Anyway, here's a fast prank in Melbourne. So as you listen, your bits of rock and roll, you've mentioned many times about being in Boston. You work as a DJ in town. No, I did not. I was wondering if Amber heard of the Boston area band. Miles kind of in the wild ones. Miles kind of in the wild ones never heard of them. They used to be big on the South Shore and the 70s. Hard against work times to discover miles. Arnie Wu, Ginsburg. But I did go. Wasn't a this talking Boston, but I did go to uh. Arnie's adventure car hub many, many times in sagas, man. I know we were rocking hand parked to plunge my guts out. You ever go to adventure car hub? No, but Boca Brown played me those old audio. Portion of Arnie Wu, Ginsburg actually stand to read a lot of board venture car hub and all of these little hunker. He was he was uh okay. WMX, Melvin X Melvin was on that station too and Mel Miller did that stand for Mexicans. Yeah, Mexican Miller. Here's a fact that says just finished reading the ball of saiiden Nancy. Thank you, Kran sir, for posting this on your site. That is one great read. But for FedEx State of politics written with a massive dose of tongue and cheek disease. Brilliant. Thank you very much for actually reading something that we put on our website. It doesn't have four four letter words in it. Off a lot of farting today on the shots and it had 1450. I'd be most not in either. I didn't hear any of them. I heard a lot of raspberries though. Raspberry is a good for you and blackberries and poisonberries, man. Hey, right that's what you got to put in Josh's breakfast tomorrow. I want some poison berries. Ha ha ha. I don't mean Josh court is sometimes talking about clearance. Better stuff calling them at clearance. Make it clear, okay. In fact, maybe if you want to get a share a little bit of ice cream with parents tomorrow when Jackson shows up, give him a little what some poison berry sauce on it. I'll cook some of them. Hmm, can't wait. And don't forget a little any freeze too can't hurt. 1454, you know something seriously. If we'd really put the pedal to the metal, we'd have gotten the 15 again. Does it really make any difference? No, but he caresept up. It's just, you know, it's just something, right? Mm. And it's just a little something. So the muffmizer is going to be an after the show. You're fairy. Is he going to win out that he's taken over his PD again? He's a, uh, got clearance fire? No. No. How do you pressing? Now there was one bloody cool man or bloodless man. I'm going to look at it. Am I right? It was bloodless. A bloodless cool, where Clarice Kim and, and he just stabbed the muffmizer in her back. So which I would say to both of them. You're fairy. During an interview on NPR radio, White House deputy chief of staff Carl Rove dooked it out with host over a polling data roster. He says, let's be in a roster. I got to check something on there right now. One moment. Well, no, it's sometimes they'll say, uh, we have, uh, something big, big news. Like raw, obtain CP and then we'll energy more than I live in Prague soon. And it's got like, got that, got that, got that. And then it's not Andrea. So I'm just checking to see if it was Andrea. Was it Andrea? No. No. The exchange between the host and Carl Rove took place yesterday during the White House and the scheduled radio day. After midterm election interview, Robert Seagull stated that many might consider you on the optimistic end of realism regarding Republican hopes to retain both houses in November. Rove suggested that the NPR host was biased. Not that you would be exhibiting a bias or anything like that, Rove said, you're just making a comment. I'm looking at all the same polls that you're looking at every day, see where we spotted. No, you're not, Rove said, Rove said that he was reviewing 68 polls a week. And then unlike the, I bet you even Mark Fullen ever saw 68 polls a week. What about that? And then unlike the general public, I'm allowed to see the polls on the individual races and supposed to public polls reported the media said, roving maniac, you may be looking at four or five public polls a week to talk about editor's nationally, but that do not impact the outcome Rove said. Rove claimed that the polls had up to a Republican Senate and a Republican House. He should love so long, Schmendrick. You may end up with a different math, but you're entitled to your math Rove said, I'm entitled to the math, the in quotes. He's got the numbers, you know? Aren't you impressed? The fifth. He's got the surprise baby. He's got the machines. He's got those good machines. I only wish you would buy. I could find machines as good as the one that those are that old people are given to the Republicans. Peter King is worried that his fellow Republicans are turning into Winfs. I find it frustrating sometimes with the Republicans. You want to shake them and say, let's do this, Mr. King. The Pugmacious Long Island Republican who shares the House Home and Security Committee. A lot of Republicans when they get thrown off their game, they're scramming to fight a new message. He says to me, if you believe in what you're saying, you continue to say the same thing. Does that, that sounds like, stay the course? No one ever said to say the course of stuff. I guess, no. Mr. King has trapped the last unapologetic, you're back, talking the entire New York State delegation in Washington. More than any of his belieger local Republican colleagues, he is sticking with the original GOP game plan and talking in unrelentingly tough terms about the war. Never mind that the T-D-D-B-Ware for this other Republican canoes all across the country, changing the subject and even for his president Bush to abandon his so-called state-of-course rhetoric. Or is that one caller would say his rhetoric? If you know what you're talking about, and believe in what you're saying, go forward, otherwise what the hell King said Friday afternoon at the New York Athletic Club on Central Park South, we addressed a legend for security professional minutes earlier. Not just from the sanctimonious side, I mean it works, it does resonate, he said. Mr. King had a ceremony down to work with the Turkish Bureau of a roughly 62-year-old blue collar-long islander, as soon himself a reputation during his 14 years in Congress as a fellow staffer of conservative but a political maverick continuing accounting among his allies, John McCain, as well as Bill and Hillary Clinton. How do you like that? Now, some posting just that he, too, is susceptible to the nexus political climate that's having such a worrying effect on the country's Republicans. He's facing a serious challenge from Dave Mehees. A lot of his kind of Roma Mehees used to put the Afro for the pirates. Dave Mehees and Asso County State Legislator, who's doing everything possible upon Mr. King, is a right-wing war in the world, and lacky of the profoundly unpopular person. A RT strategy in constituent dynamics spoken up between October 8 and 10 showed Mr. King's lead down only 2 points, 47 to 45% he has become himself a living test face for the GOP's worst case scenario to which all we can say is, all right, 154 is QAM, whatever we are times. The feast aim, the best challenge to the feast is for your rock course, applauding the young white headphone devices in August 18th because you have the regulation for pushing Zhang the industry with the uses of real 560. TUC Head I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid. So gallop again and again and again and again then then and again. For a top屋, This is the Account cilly apple. Whether a'd be too much fun with two goodies. Is it disgraceful? You're a Charlie Grattie, Paul Beehive Down Down. Yeah. Me, just the colors of the world, the colors of the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world, the colors of the world,