. I'm happy poems in too. I'm sure you've got the rate of spending everywhere. No, the rate of the earned in the form. Oh, wrong holiday. Homeintention. You better get your stuff straight down, Mr. Why don't I hear that echo? That's bad. You hear that? Uh, no, what is that all about? How come we're getting the echo in here, boys? Boys? Boys? You hear it? Nope. I do. Real bad. How's that all about? Second one. Well, let any rate, uh, yeah, the homeintention to question is, do you eat the real good ones? The soft ones with the poppy seeds, or do you eat the little related? What? Homeintention. Get outta here. Nope. That's because you never had the real ones. We had a dog. Our fraternity dog was named homeintention. Now that the village delies out of Venice, you're probably not going to get to me. There's a little hard triangle ones. They're like rocks. Yeah. Only the orthodoxa has seeding like those. Yeah. Never like them. Because they got rocks for brains. So what's going on? What do I get? I act the way I get by the way. So did I as a matter of fact? Yeah. Do you know I went there last night on a spur of the moment to see you know? I never ever go on a Sunday. And I just sat around and thought, I have a feeling you know? And show enough. I got the hot machine, man. Although I discovered the Jamaican women don't say machine. They say machine. It's a good machine. Yeah. But the men say machine. You got to get to ride. They're good machine. Have a lot of Jamaican women that find a slot? Yeah. Yes they do. As a matter of fact, they're equally annoying. I mean, you have no idea. You can't even begin to imagine. Neobother way, just in your honor. Yeah. I took a hammer in at the uh, some of the, uh, over the weekend. Well, what are you going there for? I'm going to show you a place you can play the wheel around here, man. No, that's you're not paying the wheel. You know that. You're paying. No, but it's got to get the wheel. It's driving. Oh, I got, I got a place. I got obliterated. Well, the heat too up. So I got 1500 on the wheel twice last night with it about 20 minutes on the line. I don't like that. I got a thousand on the wheel. Then I got 400. How do you like that? And then I went there. Next to me, his machine was on his machine. I, he left, I put him a few coins. I got, I put a nine coins. The third player got a spin 400. I collected all my goodies and ran out of there. Ah. It was a nice, just like whatever he lost. I made it in the end some. Oh. Yeah, I, I had a, a very good weekend actually. Oh, good. It's about time. Yeah. Man, that's a very important last race. Welcome to gambling 101. This is us. Yeah. Now I go to the, if you ask if you open up. Cool on the date that we decide who's going to be on from two to four. This is getting really ponderous. I don't think it's a little bit. I mean, it's a little March already. Don't stick these excuses of already worn out. Hey, why don't make sure you find a right person. Yeah, right. Well, what year's that going to happen? Let's see. We got bowl and bowl and guilty. And we got the ball game on Thursday. Oh, what time of the hurricane's out again? Please. That was good. And then guilty Friday. No Curtis, who before this week? They can a bad move there. Too much guilty. How about those pants? I'm going to the fan. There's yeah. That's is around fire and does anybody care? No, absolutely not. Are they going to make the playoffs? No. You know, a lot of those games that they blew those, that they lost in the last seconds early in the season. Maybe they would do that every day. Yeah. They're going to wish they would have had some of those points if they blew one come the end of the season. Do you know that the playoffs, if they go all the way through, they're going to end in July, the Stanley Cup playoffs in July? Well, who now wants to see hockey in July? And of course, it's our photo who wants to see it in March. We're baseball. Yeah. Oh, you. I'm taking a pool on your marlins today. I know you're a big fan. Yeah. The over-under on Marlins for Wednesday's year is 62. Get out of here. That's it. Well, now having been said, you want to hear my poll? Sure. When you go to any Marlins games this season, we do this every year because every year this seems to be another crisis. Maybe a couple hundred and eighteen. I'll pack them a sandwich as move already, hundred and sixteen. No, they screw the fans again, 96. I hate baseball. No, 63. And I'm not looking to be so far. Yes, I go to several games, 25. I hate this pool 12 and season ticket over eight. Out of four hundred and thirty nine. So you put the negatives together when you got overwhelming, like a last 75%. I mean, I don't think there'll be even a way you stay with guys. You don't want to live in a top major league in a place that I'm easily baseball. We do. But we do. And we have minor league baseball, common itself. And of course, long before the reigning marlins, we got along just fine. Somehow, I don't know, long before he came. But we were doing just fine. What? I didn't know that. It's not that wide in the start of today. It's not that the do it started. It's got to do with the conversation about the marlins. He's the only one that our her ever heard say that. You don't want to live in a market that doesn't have a major league baseball. And of course, the obvious question is why? Why? Well, you just don't. That's a way too far. You know what? Los Angeles gets along very well without a football team. Yeah. Thanks for your time. Somehow there is light. That's where the last one. So does the view, uh, where it helps the view? Well, I don't know if they get along there or not. So does the Moin Iowa. So does Omaha and Nebraska. They get along just fine. They ain't got any of that stuff. They have the college world. They don't have the race track anymore. Accarbon. Yep. But we would leave it to Nebraska. The name of the state backwards. What? Yeah. Accarbon. I mean, always places your mention. I'm not sure. I want to. You're not exactly making your face for no baseball. What do you mean by that? Well, I want to go to the view. First of all, Pittsburgh has got an amazing baseball. You want to go there? No. I rest my case. Well, you, if you're going to say you can live without baseball, find a place that doesn't have one that you want to live in. Well, we got the blue days. Is that count? Yeah. I don't know what counts. Well, Las Vegas doesn't have baseball. Here we go. There you go. Reno doesn't have it. Right. Tahoe doesn't have it. What do you laugh at about that? That's the beast laughing. Oh, I could tell. I know. These smurfing is trying to cover up the fact now. How much did you lose? Do you want to give us a dollar amount? I don't talk about it. Come on. Just give us a dollar amount. Was it three figures or four? Come on. I'm not like you, man. Three figures. Oh, what would I say? Oh, that's not gambling. That's dittling around. You're probably paying the quarters. You'd love wood by me to get a whole bunch of nickel and penny. I hate to break up this GA meeting. Yeah. But they tell you I got to do a sketch of interviews this morning. They were telling me that. Oh. I'm getting the old brush off here today. He's going to do somewhere. You're the last person I would brush off. Some Jewish athletes. All right. You're going to do some of those Jewish jockeys like Gary Cohen and David. Yeah. I was going to say if it's Jewish athletes, it'll be a short subject. No, Jewish jockeys. That's a short subject. Not come here. It's like a whole bunch of Jewish harness racing drivers, but there's no Jewish jockeys. Other than David Cohen. Yeah. Can you name me another one ever? Walter Blum. Walter Blum. Very good. Who was a, is he dead? He was a, what was your life? He's a judge. Is he still a judge? No. He's retired. Probably just as well. He went a little off these days. Well, let's go to your interviews because I got a lot of fish to fry here today. Okay. For him. Happy to. A lot of humankind. Where's the tape of the lady happy for him? I got it here. I'm going to start the show with it. Don't like, you know, all right. I'm okay. All right. I'll play it for you next time. All right. There he is. What's this? Yeah. You too. Who? Come and down to the town of Bonsen, but he's a, a great day for the hey you shall. Across the USA. What the girl, what's this I hear? This cry and ballet who? There's a bunch of squares again this year who says that I wish to. Oh, God loves the a-ish. And less than course you're gay. If you are, you won't be margins upon St. Bonsen, but he's a, you can be a bummer, but it's a stomach sore. It's a stomach sore, and that's okay, but there can't be any wish of your gay. Well, the order of pay maranians both him and him says great. Until they're dismissed, Reynoldsman's upon the blessed day. Sure, a little bit half-carbon, sir. And nothing to see. The much of cornstrait to help a whomever's sexuality. Well, come, Lossie, I wish the longest minimum. It's a, I've said that the cards have never been torn of them. You can be seen in Drunk and Harlan, chunks of the lemon all the way. But you can't be a, you wish it your gay. Go on, you can't be a, you wish it your be. So on G even try to be a, you wish it your gay. Oh, bright. 10-08-56-17-17, if you have my time as a hurricane game start. Well, that was a couple of how do we class to eat? Right. Really good for the ratings, not. But who cares? Right. I mean, if we have to choose between the ratings and get like them. Right. We'll slack it. Oh, speak of that. They're killing a man like crazy. And then Iraq. Here's more good news from over there. Iraqi bloodshed. What is it? I'm putting that, I have to dump myself again. Right. Would you like to be in the show like last week? Remember that in Friday? That's right. Bloodshed. I'm not having a buck, you say. Well, but there it's a, didn't come out bucks. Irish, you are a, well, let's see. Irish, you are a, Iraqis are dying like crazy. Iraq suffered one of its worst days of bloodshed this year. 62 people were killed at least 250 wounded. Many of them in a six carbometacc on a bag that she had neighborhoods barking fresh fears of sick, thick, great and violence fresh fears. The bloodletting came as Iraqi politicians rushed forward. The opening of their parliament to Thursday and a bit the four-leaf streamers efforts to respect the political vacuum and further and plain communal tensions between the majority of sheights and historically dominant Sunnis. They're historically dominant, otherwise they're the top. Right. Shared to the bottom, released to Heaven. It's a civil war, maybe, and it always has been. I remember one bit, I remember who wrote it about the fact that it's always so different out of the neighbor was accepted that there's nobody keeping them under rafts like sedan was doing all those years. Right. So they just gone nuts and are killing them just looting and burning and going crazy. It's a picnic without the ants. And senior Iraqi officials yesterday confirmed for the first time that debt squads composed of government employees had operated illegally from inside two government ministries. That's what's from inside the government. You follow that? Uh-huh. The debt squads who have kept your arm in the defense and interior ministries, Minister of Interior by and job were said during a joint news conference with the Minister of Defense. There are people who are infill who have infiltrated the army in the here. That's communist or gibberish. Here's the poll from over the weekend. They didn't like it. Too bad. A TV show passed your present that you love but would never admit to a publicly. 17 evidence history votes in spite of the fact that it didn't like it. I hate this fool 376. He hated. Whatever it is, they hated. He haul 176. That was right Clark, right? Right. There would have been two of that. Golden Girls 102 with a bunch of old bags that look like right Clark. And he griffed Joe 89. He's still alive. Brady Bunch 85, American Idol 78, Batman 77. The Parker's family 76. I've issued a guy with the eyes voted several times on that. And any soap opera 73. Flipper 67. Flip your magic twangers Andy. Come on. Go for a prize 65. The real world. The real world 57. Quira spoke 44. Desperate housewives 44. Joe millionaire 33. The Waltons 29. With the time. It wasn't in John Boyne as big mole. Right. Ln 27. Oprah 25. They might all pray to do a bunch of shows in Dubai now. Possible government's conduct in briefing of travel in the city of Musaui, and Indigenous called a racist now probably have to like declare a Mistral and turn his ass loose again. So it can start flying into a bunch of other buildings. Oprah 25, who the hell would watch that? Party of 524, the Orion Effect of 24. My favorite Martian 23. I love the way the church originally spelled that. It was really okay moving along. 23. Dr. Phil 23. Darkshed. How could he spell Martian would anyway? Darkshed was 21. The church of Betty's father, which 16 we were just talking about, Bill mixed B before that. And there he is. My favorite Martian in the church of Betty. How about the Ray O's and a moleston? What about it? Dead. The time tunnel 16. But ends of 15. They're all dead aren't they? Is there anybody alive from that show? I don't think so. Anybody? Waterland blocker? Who played dead? Yeah. What's his name? The Alpo guy. Canadian boy? Sorry. Lord Green. Lord Green. Lord Green. What's wrong with you, man? Dead. Pernell Roberts. Turn out Robert's been dead for a long time. And of course, what's his name? Michael Andon. Dead. The... I guess they didn't... It wasn't such a banana and a half-year-old. They were predestined 14 or you hot 12. Some very, very small-bring people on their own. Man. And it was on what about three weeks? Right. You're right. You know something? I finally agreed with you for once in your life. Lorenzo Llamis wasn't some flick that I was on the cable line tonight. I remember what it was. And I just saw him for like about two seconds. And I was so I was just pissed off. I was angry to see his annoying abjects for boy. He really is. And spot a how good he used to look. But now they doesn't even look even slightly good. He's making the band 11. They made a cross-me show. At 10. And road rules eight. When your cross-me can't speak, what's his name? See, when they put her on the air. And you can't ask yourself the question. How come nobody watches MSNBC? I think right there, just show a picture of that bitch. And that's the answer. Who would watch that? And then, of course, we found out the Chris Matthews is bought paid for by the right wing, which we already suspected all along. Tom Jick, a little Tommy, who forgot that it was my 30th anniversary this year on here in Miami. But, um, a concocts question here. And of course, he claims that these Q&A and the Sunday Sun Sentinel magazine are all for real. Here's the question for me yesterday. Could you tell me what happened to Greg B. D. Ells on SP and Davy? Answer from Little Tommy. Last I heard from him he was working in Alabama doing a radio talk show. He said he's honing his act on the road so that when he arages his returns, he'll be ready to fill the void. I think he was only half kidding. So I think that was Tommy's way of making up that question or early answer. I've like trying to try to make a men's for the, a slight. For that grotesque slight on my 30th anniversary. Doesn't work for me, no robbers. This is all he did by 16, lazy. Ha ha ha ha ha ha, absolutely. Have the season pays off. Lies and Chicago. Oh, friend. So what happened today to tell? He's here today to talk about it. Please welcome Greg. What's happened, David? I'm Greg, you're here. Everybody wants to, why do you walk away from $50 million? That was part of somewhat. A dollar rule of property. I don't think that's yet. We're on drugs, you lost your mind. That's what I was thinking. When it's a minimum. Two shins. You're right. $50 million. I don't want to worry. If you want. Absolutely. Crazy. I'm insane. They're trying to do this. And just to know those. And we'll be right back. Since 17 to five 60 WC, we got both camper today at two o'clock. Old camper bowl. At two, we still haven't figured out what we're going to do between two and four. And here it is, the 13th of March. Pretty embarrassing when you say nothing. We care of course. We're not going to do this. The car knows what happened. Two to four, we don't know. Almost once it makes you want to bring back Mo. Almost. Vote again tomorrow to the four. Then we got like I said guilty on Wednesday and Friday. And Thursday, we got Marlins baseball. We love them. Marlins. Homuses. Much as we love the hurricanes the only last week. Only for one week. So let me tell you now. What is week? Semana? No, that's not. That's right. So I see. I don't want to get carried away. Before we do the, I got two bad movies that I want to warn you people not to buy or watch your rent or steal. And they've been on my cable over and over and over again. And as a result, now the one, I watched it and then was on yesterday because I'm still trying to figure out what it was all about. And I still can't figure that out. It's called birth when Nicole Kidman. Hmm. Now you haven't seen it? No, I haven't. And it's about this, well, bizarre. In fact, this bizarre kid is in both of these horrible movies really bizarre, strange and annoying. And he claims that he's the reincarnation of her dead husband. And then, to say to the trouble, watching it toward the end, he admits he's not to be reincarnation of her dead husband. And then she kind of like is on her wedding day that this very ugly guy is he's getting married to. And you do see her movies in the steamy section and there was this morning going a lot. But I've been there. And then she, she covers, they're taking the pictures on the beach to get married on the beach. And she wanders out and is in her wedding gown and she's going into the water in the ocean. And the husband comes out and grabs her and they kind of wander off and the sun said, it's like, what, what, what did that mean? What was that all about? Does anybody know? No. So what did you watch after birth? Then I got news right, rather, I'd rather look at after birth and look at that movie again. It was pathetic. And the other movie which also contains the same obnoxious annoying kid is God send. Oh my God, talk about God awful with Robert Tenero and Rebecca Romain's famous. Now let's see, I'm trying to think of her. I'm thinking about her obubis in there too. She's naked as a jibber. So there you go. No, I'll see it. No, no. What? You want to see Rebecca? No, I do. She doesn't show her obis in movies. I think you're wrong. Well, I'm not boobies, but she shows her a funny else. Okay, there's an impression. Very glimpsey. It's a phenomenal drift of where it's at. They're not hanging down by her knees. Anyway, Robert Tenero, who we were saying before to show, makes an awful lot of really bad movies. Or her? Because he just doesn't turn anything down. He just likes to work, I guess. And he made so many bad bad movies. But including one of them, which everybody says, so this is the best movie ever made. What was the movie about the unboxing movie? Oh, raging bowl, raging bowl of Schmidt. Oh, God was that awful. Although Joe Pesci was in it. So a lot of our crowd probably liked it because Joe Pesci was in. It's very tough to storm. Did you see it? I watched as much as I could stand. Right. How's that? About five minutes? Maybe half of it. Just awful. Anyway, God's stand is a thousand times worse than that. It's just terrible. And it's about this mad scientist, Dr. Professor, which is the hero. And they clone these people, the kid dies. And so he clones the kid and he comes back again. The same strange annoying spaceship looking kid from birth. And then I don't think I ever watched the end of it because I couldn't get that far. I just kind of wandered off. Like my mind was racing like any other direction. Is there anything else on please? Here's the A's poll. So don't forget birth and God's stand. Or what? Like they have the plague. Right. When you go to any Marlin's game this season, I don't want to get bumped in there because it was the John Henry crowd blamed me for their failures. Oh, is that any arid? That's why nobody comes to our games right. And now it's a Humper. I think it's a Disney David Samson. Who's was blaming on the other station? He was blaming the... We did it! The Humper for the fact that the Marlin's can't get a stadium built. And then nobody wants to go to the games anymore. All of a sudden, crap. Well, I said, I sure wish I had that cloud. It's a Humper's fault. Not the fact that you guys keep selling the fans up and keep having a fire sale. And keep crying and threatening to leave. And we're going to stand in Tony over. Go over here. We're going to Vegas. We're going to Portland, Oregon. Go to hell. How's that? And a lot of people feel that way, too. Would you go to any Marlin game this season? Five hundred fifteen posts? Maybe a couple of one thirty nine. Maybe. Baby. I'll pack them a sandwich. Move already. One thirty three. No, they screw the fans again. One thirteen will not go. No. I hate baseball. No. So so far, not not looking really positive. Yes, I'll go to several games twenty nine. I hate this full 18 at sixteen. And season ticket over nine. Can you believe that? Out of five hundred and twenty two votes on the Marlin station. Yeah, and season ticket orders. I think that's all of them, isn't it? Yeah. I think that's the total. That would be a good total to take one day. Who lies more about their attendance? The Panthers or the Marlins? Oh, there's no question. What? No, I think it's the Panthers. Oh. I guess Alan Cohen figured that he's going to make a lot of money by giving away Zidin to tickets and the counter-immigimistic at sold. And then most of those people don't show up anyway. If you're a panther season ticket order, you know, I'm talking about all 10 of you. They are just emailing you and sending you the snail mail and email and fast mail. Oh, my God. Mail and email. It's just unbelievable. Please, please. If you show up, they'll give you like four. It will give you like free food. Look at your 100 tickets next to you and they'll hold much of stuff. Ain't working too good. And they're, how does it pistol right now? But still nobody cares. Democratic Senator will introduce central motion of Bush today. The West Fangle, two baddies Jewish. Happy for our moros. Can you imagine if he would like change to be if he would convert to board again Christianity? He'd be elected tomorrow. We'd move the election up. Right? No question. Senator Rush Fangle, Democratic Wisconsin speaking out ABCs this week yesterday declared that he'll introduce a central motion against President Bush over the president's warrantless wiretapping program, he's going to introduce a central motion today. Asked by George Stephanopoulos why he wasn't promising in proposing impeachment, Fangle said he wanted to do what's best for the country. Well, in that case, it would have been impeachment. Fangle says Congress needs to stand up for the president to declare that Marshall law wasn't clear by 9.11. Representative John Conner's a Michigan-produced central motion against Bush in Taney earlier this year, the move received scant attention at the time. President Bush mean while tank stylized case for a ride today. But it would put about things are going just swimming well. All we're for, I, and to one's who are still alive. And we still have all their limbs and eyes and for these things. That's not going to be, I'm not going to read the Bush crap. More propaganda. Another easy, I renewed attempt to try to like sell the pedalist crap to the American public, an overwhelming understanding. No, we don't want it. We don't want it. No part of it. Maybe somebody can call in today and explain to me the, um, what the, that movie meant, birth with the cold timmin. I read the review on IMDB and I just ripped it and asked. Rifted a major ask and God's handling it like 4.7 out of 10. They said bad script, bad directing, bad acting, bad movie. It's suck and a right. And these are the kinds of movies that put on the cable over. Here's somebody, thanks to Simprinel Roberts, a live get out of here. No way. Wait, not a here. I thought he was the first one to die. How do you like that? He was born May 18, 1928, he's 77. And this just copyright to 2006. Purnell Roberts played Adam on the TV series, but Anson, crap or John on track, crap or John M.D. I thought he was the first one to go. My confusing maybe was Dan Blocker died because they looked a lot like. I was positive he was dead. There was a lot of good piece of news for now Roberts is still out. He was actually pretty good looking guy 100 years ago on Bonanza. Compared to Anson was a little Michael A and it was Jewish I find out. That's right. See nothing in biography about 100 times. He was hit here. Yeah. And what was that awful showing that he wrote a little house on the, he was in the prairie. You're fair right. That show was just fair. He was a good guy Michael A and a little bit misunderstood I guess. And on that biography, wow, wow, wow they showed his whole family on biography. All of his offspring, etc. And I thought to myself, oh my God. Yeah. But nevertheless, we don't want to go there. Not on a Monday. It's first day, not during the week that we got poor men say patties. They all in the same week. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. A little bit of a new garage. I know that you're still in love with your garage. You do not belong in here, damn Cracky. Go to no good, please. And now, a word from the unborn child of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. Hello. And I'm Brad Pitt. Hello. And I'm Brad Pitt. You're very nice, I'm here. I'm here. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. Please. Fancy. Fancy. My problem is he's got him. My family is beautiful. It's not like being a child of very girl. And crispy, pink, with a heart of 50 patients. And looking right here. But for a girl it looks like a girl. Can you imagine a father of a very girl as your father's in a beautiful cookie greenery? You might've only wearing a broken right hand. What was the silly race? My life is treated so soon. It's a step to all this. Really soon. Then where will we go? I don't know when I'm going. I'm sure I hear about what I'm going to say. Listen, I'm going to cross. Now, I'm going to take Brody off. I think of the map. I think of the area. And I hope I can get him. I'll make the end of the family of my family. You can read the diary. But I'm also looking for what the end is going. Because then I'll get to the other side. You know. And the other thing I want to do is to make it out of the house. It's a never-ending house. Because I'm looking for a memory memory story. And I don't want to spend a few minutes. But I think of a present. But I think of a present. But I think of a present. But I think of a present. Of a body of aские old marriage. Or a memory human loving and broken. A great DNA trait. Of clothing. A奇怪 personality. Like you heard, because a type ofseek, a circle of code of Lemon, two<|ja|>-we Kells with both genres. some books. Both women like me in the history wheel. We feature books. Like me in the history wheel. So I'll add all of the books. you. You have just witnessed an official pre-birth monologue from the Umborn baby eventually the jolly of Brad Pitt. Speaking of, in some lamp, isn't that what his wife says to it's kind of her to grab on a thing? Oh yeah, that's a shame. Well, now listen, Eric, in a fine job as usual, our website, remember the people are saying, well, can we get a listing of what's on a CD? Yeah, because we go rip it off. Well, if you go to the store there, the new Rogers store on our website and you click on that link and then write it underneath the picture of the CD. It says click here for track listing. And this is like a raceway park in Hazel Park in Northville, Downs and, oh, it's got all the stuff. There you go. That's what that's going to be to do by it. And I'm ready. Well, 15,000, 15 so far. Is that good? It's fine. You think we're going to do 50 grand per van and per rescue? You know, 30 years on the year, $20 is even a bucket year for free entertainment at all. That's the aggravation. Pretty pretty, uh, bargain basement if you ask me. I don't want to thank the guy that drove all the way down from land tennis, so it wouldn't be shut out on Saturday. That was pretty damn wide of money. Yes, it was. And he walked from my antenna was probably a white guy. Very white, very paid. 40 bucks. George got on Saturday and Josh, court has got 140, did you say? 100 something. I don't remember. He was broke. I think it was like 140. Yeah. It was in 100. So anyway, we got 15,000, 15. You go on our website. Please, do something or today we got two advance hits. See, that's another thing about this. So this is a bad idea, tough. A really bad bad idea. Whoever likes to voice to this upon us this year, I don't want any part of it. Because it's a two-note. Do we people want to hear somebody on your big-and-for-money? Van hit number one. And this is another one he's set up deals. It's got nothing to do with us. The grand opening of advanced auto parts. 3,600 Northwest 25th Avenue Miami. We're just doing a $1,000 advanced auto part shopping spree. There are no times on these either one of these by the way. 12 to 12 to two. Well, how come I doesn't say that on here? That's where that's the oversight. No. No one to two is that one. And Van number two, no one to two, at the corner of power line and sunrise between US1 and I, 95, but they're cynical gas station. I didn't realize that cynical was still in business. Oh yeah, they're around with their little arrow. They are? Yeah. Now they still do that thing with the different grades, you know, where you like, it's kind of neat. They got grades E. I see. Don't say that. Quarter of power line and sunrise from noon to two with Eastonoco. The CDs and commemorative T-shirts, 20 bucks of piece benefit of Van and per rest unit for a lot of deal. And it says we'll be calling Josh at the end of every spot break with updates between noon and two. And we better go over 16 times to the end of the day. I'm going to be peoed. I think we will. We can handle it. Now let's see Sean, chronic Sean, and we are sent to these great pull ideas of his three good ones on here. So that's that this originally, the day when George was on the verge of heaving the facts machine to the control room to let not sure went through. Oh, what day it after the banana day? Yeah. If so, put me down as they relentless nudge. P.S. it says, have you seen under suspicion with Morgan Freeman and Gene Hackman? Oh, I have not of you. I don't think so. Oh, it says sure need to rug the fest be in the Canter Reeves is, but the men is defundable to their lines on occasion. I've only seen the middle one hour on independent film channel, but it's pretty interesting, although critically pan. Freeman is the police, which is one and Hackman is a rich guy to the lawyer has been questioned as a witness to a string of sex murders of young girls. Definitely did not see it. Soon, Freeman is putting the news around Hackman even a per- Oh, yeah. I think I did see this parts of it anyway. Yes, sound very familiar as an observer and interrogator in Hackman's flashbacks. Yes. And it was a pretty interesting I think, but a long time ago. Also, what is this? Nick Nolti, Timothy Hutton? Well, I don't understand this. Do you see this in X? Nope. No, okay. Don't have any idea what that means. Okay, thanks a lot, I guess Sean. I guess. Five, six, seven, five, sixy, has anybody seen birth and could explain the end of it to me? Other than the fact that Nicole Kidman was naked and give you your brains. Okay. What? A licensed, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, five, six, and leave a rise and see it around this line. W2A and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yes, happy 31st year, happy for him. Did you hear anything about the work like you know this? I just got through a reading that in Alabama, yeah. No, no, no. Midday is the 40 W's JNA, more order now. Full in times you can must have had a mistake because I just read the board reading the talk show in Alabama, quite a time. I just heard him Friday. Great, we don't. He's even a talk show. No, it's an old old station. He's still going to tell you time, Jack, I made another bad mistake. Oh my god. He's just in yesterday's son, selling the Q and A thing. You know, he doesn't mean in the TV book. Yeah. The end of five, there are how he's doing the talk show in Alabama. And he's, uh, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, someone Ans�YUM? Who is yeah. Who's it? Why, what? Doing it right now, just remember it was the next day of American Cambridge dialing, what,n física is it. Basically these, this is where world is the only thing you need to put into, what on the world, you have the quality of connections and 나도 compzy, that's the quality that is that you need a much more potential Decision on the economy here, are breaking, for preparedness instead ofribution for kids, can crash that can never fire or he says ever. Highly Schminder, I think it was. I don't remember the name, but who I was, it should be. He should at least have his, and he's broken. Ah, absolutely. But you know what I mean? That really, really entertaining. The only thing that it was hard for me was just so painful to turn wrong on something. Yeah. But the name for Maintly Oslo. Sorry, it's not so easy. The guy must be dead. You know? I just had a so powerful. I just can't believe somebody wouldn't do that. You know, probably some petal of queen who's upset because of the fact that beat up broke ass mounting, you know? Yeah, yeah. No bad. Not everybody can, uh, can break that. Exactly. Okay. Good luck, I found it. Yeah, that's something I'm worried about. The gay community, whoever that is, of course, I guess they left me up. The gay community is up at arms over the fact that broke ass mounting didn't get it. And it's, it's because of the phobia. Not because of that. It was a far superior. What we would you was. And broke ass mounting was a piece of turd. Not because of that because of his Hollywood homophobia. Right. I mean, come on. Hollywood homophobic. Well, yeah, they are. They decide to find it. That's why they put it. I'm going to have to have a more gay in the other half of the day. But they are, but they're still self hating like Miss Fudge. That kind of gay. No, I understand that part of it, but that I'd nothing to do with this deal. I mean, it's just a bad movie. Can't you accept that? Can't you understand that? You're fair. Get with it. Crashes sensational. Man. Almost as good as Magnolia. This is the real rush for this. Miss, is 5.62 a game. The fact is, station. A plane on back with sea dos, Lately I've been in the simple платow Burger I pulled the cover up over my head so I could breathe. But your role must keep in me awake. Even though I know you never shave under your arms, I've been trying my best, that's complain. Reminds me of my time and dream, but When your hand was you at the moment, I was too deep before you had it. I saw the speed stick for your armpits, Your soul's stinky, It's not like candy, I'm not swear to you, No real life I understand. I think I'm not a casual learner, Staying yourself, thinking. I'm swear to you, I went out driving for me and with a little bit. But you smell like someone's vomit mixed with stale beer. I'm stuck in the sun, I get some feeling just a little bit tired of this. You're so open-minded for fuel, you know it does exist. I don't have any blessing, left to my name, and for like moldy wood, when it was checked, your pulse is now like a constant. We now have it wash your hands, the record must have teeth before you had it. I saw the speed stick for your armpits, Your soul's stinky, It's not like candy, I'm not swear to you, I think that's the only bit that's got that word. I've done it other than that hockey kid, the hockey-hazing story about his rectum, oh hey, I'm with that. 1047 at 560WQM Night Writer being sold for 4 and I've been in dollars, anybody care, including the Harold of course. Maybe they'll fire a little very jackass. Newspaper owner Night Writer is being purchased by the McCatchee company, camping months of speculation with the faith of the group, some questions remain with the word that McCatchee will buy vessence of, of a dozen Night Writer papers. According to a joint statement, the deal values Night Writer with 6 and a half billion dollars, or $6725 send a share of cash and stock. The total value includes $2 billion in assumed debt. Upon completion of the Newmeter class, you would have 32 daily papers in 59 days after the plan sale of 12 Night Writer papers, including the same, or those same work we knew in the Philadelphia and Quire. Among the Night Writer papers McCatchee fans, the solidly Duluth news trivia, the grandforks Harold and the Aberdeen Merckon news. So that's my favorite. The same Paul Pioneer presses being sold because of the anticipated anti-press concerns involving McCatchee's start proving to many amphilis. The deal is subject to approval by Night Writer shareholders, seeing closing in three or four months. McCatchee says upon circulation, it's daily, as we have a combined daily circulation more than 3 million, making it the nation's second largest newspaper from as measured by daily circulation. Actually, started about that new owners for the Harold coming baby. And leaving the Welfare Tandry so much to certain elements in the community. Well, great. By the last week, give me a like some real news, some real perspective. You think? No. No. Probably be worse. 609 votes on the poll so far. Would you go to any Marlins games this season? Starting pretty soon, we got an exhibition this game on a year on Thursday. Marlins and Dodgers 1250 up pregame. Which we had a whole bunch of them this week. Well, last week, you could sugar each to that and get out of 1130 like I said, really easy. God, I love that. It's great. Let's try it. Let's just leave 1130. Okay. Where you going to any Marlins games this season? Maybe a couple of 161. I'll pack from a sandwich. Move already. 149. Just go. Go already. No, they screw the fans again. 135. Screw me once. How does that go? Fool me once. Can't get fooled again. We're fine here. I know they sit in Texas. I hate baseball. No, I will not go 94. Yes, several games 37. I hate this full 24. In a season ticket over, it's still stuck there. And at same number, yeah, that it had like a long time ago. Out of 611. I'm not looking to prom see one. And of course the people would say, well, that's, you know, Rogers, you know, all his listeners are gay. He don't have any real sports fans. If we did this pull on the sports shows, yeah. First of all, he did the pull on some of the sports. He did like about a third of the number of hosts. That's number one. But that I don't want to knock into sports shows. I never even want to. The rest of the line I did. I was lamenting the fact that here we are the 13th of March. And we're still playing reviving door and it shares a between two and four. Reviving door from two to four. Cause we got no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no. Fall today from two to four for a mo. Meddog for the seven. Healthy seven to ten tonight. Because we can't wait. He must be really you for now. The panthers are on fire. Any cave 10 o'clock. Little bit too late if he asked me. For empanters. Little bit too late. Next drugs in the list of it is blood. Some people like mixed drinks. He likes mixed drugs. Sure. It's all good. Test on blood taken from sloppy homologic of it before he died. Showed traces of a drug that counters the effective high blood pressure. Medicine that talks to colleges said today. The test conducted two weeks ago showed traces of refampusin. A drug against leprosy and tuberculosis that would have made other medicines in effective. Word is quoted. Gronic and university taxicologist Donald Eugen says. Eugen stole the associated press. He was at I have no idea I say that I just like seeing it. It's not. The only thing he said is that it was an effective sample after most of his blood pressure failed to respond to medication by doctors. At the end of the test instead of near the hay. Then hay. Then hog. Where he was being held during his war crimes right. He ever went to then hog. No. Why would anybody want to go there? Eugen said refampusin makes the liver extremely active. Oh, Nand jumps around and hops right through the bacon and onions. If you're taking something in other medication breaks down very quickly. You're told AP. He was just told writers he believed most of it's truth and rucks himself to try to prove that his medical care at them hog was inadequate and an attempt to go to Russia for a specialist medical treatment Last month the war crimes for beautiful rejected is requested travel to Moscow for treatment So sure that there was no murder. There's no reason for that at all. We're just quoted urges is saying but a bit of bullying I wonder The first you know the first report that came on the news. I know from CNN even though they don't make it a mistake Is that he hey that he hanged himself in jail? No, there must have been watching some pradows No, I think that when they found his body they they miss interpreted because the language beer that somebody said he was hollow I say yeah But he had nothing with him hang him and that's what they said he can have his suicide. He hanged himself in his cell And then oh no, he's a they found his body and now the making of all kinds of it's kind of like whatever happened to Area else your own I'm poor him. So I'm eating humankind right now. What ever goes me? And I guarantee a big fat guy like your real sharon who knows his he knows his belly He's not eating him hard little triangular poor home and caution that are really for goyum and the far-bis north of us No real Jews and real people were real kind of swears they the big soft Homingtash and oh god The brown ones with poppy seeds. Oh man. I know the moon You know what that is? I do know no that's what they call a poppy seeds I know right I don't know what that mean made some kind of a Jew thing. I don't know what that is but moon That does the ones are like you know what I think that is what is it? They also happen with prune filling we don't want to eat those oh my god Can you imagine that no, I think moon is part of taco. Yeah, that's where that came from Pacamoon That's what that That's what they a poppy seed filling is in a really good home in Tasha You people eat them little bricks for get about and I got news for a man You're gonna be doing a green apple quick step for a month or at least trying to anyway after you throw things WQAM hello. I guess I guess nobody has seen birth which is probably just as well I would like to have somebody explain it to me 567.0.560 Town 560 leave a rise in singing a bottle of slime the reason two things almost nobody's seen it which is good And number two nobody could explain it because nobody can just stay with hell at means with that's all about You know we're picking up right where we left off last week on this phone. Yeah What is that all about that's Monday? It's not Monday. It's the post 30th anniversary death death meal It's like the message stuff of software to send you a message like Joey Zazan And we're there I'm waiting 567.0.560. I was playing I'm taking a thousand calls today between now and two o'clock in honor of doing a full four-hour show With no ballgame no preemption no BS and Take a look at that just look at it and weep and you wonder why we're not raising the kind of money We ought to get a reburied now hundred grand. Remember those glorious days when every ten of the year 30 days of our hundred grand every time bear in mind that all the other shows were contributing as well And those you know But the product. I mean I like this radio station where we're like on an island and nobody else So participate to revimensions the fact that we got this thing going or that we even exist. Yeah, that's what I'm saying Come into Q a.m. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yeah That's hard on that movie first. Yeah, what what is it mean? What's the ending mean? God, sir Do you have any idea what it meant when he finally said I'm not really Sean and He said it was a bunch of what full crap and you know whatever Okay, thanks. Yeah, I think that guy had a stomach on it was a little crap Seriously the whole movie is trying to convince everyone that he's he's the reincarnation of our dead husband Sean And he's stalking her and driving her nuts in it and then finally he's sitting in a bathtub and she like There's a scene it goes on for like five minutes and she's rubbing shmoots around on his head and like I don't know what was she said on the edge of the tub and he says get me a towel and she throws him a big Brown towel on the I'm a four walks out and that's it and the next thing You know, she's finally getting married and out there in a beach and she walks off or toward the water and Husband comes out and grabs her and away they wander Okay, I thought she had enough trouble being married to Tom Cruise for crisis without that W to Q a M hello You know, I got news for it out when he's gonna get both knees broken tonight or her W to Q a M hello Yes, sir, what's going on? I'm listening. Okay, it was really him I'll ever he thought he came back to be what terrible I need found out That he was having an affair and whatever he realized that he was really love with her So he it wasn't for that reason so he said let me just get out of it. Oh Why It's right at there Is that an out here a little bit? I guess I mean this makes me more depressed than ever it was Did you ask a like that movie? It was all right. I thought the ending could have been better, but you know Well, what was the end? What did the ending mean? What was the significance when she wanted out into the water and Waiting down what was that all about? I don't know maybe she's that's her way thing to fire Okay, thanks. I mean I'm not the only one doesn't get it. I just don't get it This is idiotic piece of turd and I got stuck into watching the whole thing and I did and then it was on again Like I said this weekend and I watched part of it again to try to figure it out. I still wrote what they'll install a bot W Q a M hello Yes, sir, man. I got a good loser for you. Let's call the business Have you seen it the business? They are the business folks. I ain't seen it About my wife rich. It was his friend that committed suicide Yeah, what is home See that must have screwed up like you said Those were the wish you enjoyed the happy pass over. Okay And had me some authority you too. That's right. Wow Well, I've used on the most of it's was taking some good drugs Is the meal Rogers Is five 16 to eight This is the meal Rogers show This is a brain Any questions One importante I's trying My Another ever status from Spain. Who are you here, Chagas? What the hell did we do? Don't keep this wide and we are hanging. That new fortune will be free. Which is a poorie. They've been a Christian life, and those who are not who she's a poorie. Which is a poorie. A precious poorie. Ah. Here's all your sadness. Through a whole two ways. Stop without this madness. And give us back who she's a poorie. Which is a poorie. A boy with a few bullets. What are you doing? Which is a poorie. A precious poorie. Why don't you know about it? I'm about to cry about. I'll prove that. It's 11 am to all of our youth folks out there. Anyway, I'm just doing. I've been through this before with this book, movie. I talked about this before. And there's a scene in there when his former run that the chicken was having the affair with. When he was married. I wouldn't think he would know that if he was really to be in carnation number that part right and then at the end When he's in the bath I but don't tell Anna or What he tells what's in it don't so there's reviews and this goes to show you everything you go online And you read reviews of things. There's several of these that have one out of ten stars Which I think is an exact generation generous and then here's one. It's got ten ten out of ten Birth as a wonderful movie carefully made and consistently rewarding off of the unemployed critic on the water run employed Wow Trust unbelievable Then here's one from somebody in Denmark What the hell is that one just rips it and ass and rightfully so here it is Mike from Denmark I Like movies I've said to some awful tried because I feel that like people everybody's got a good side So I wait for films to show me something my late mildly visually compelling a moment's genius And it's not a wise pointless mess. It's a Soviet-oid rubbish. Most of the time I'm able to take some solace in the fact that even made for its revolution's had least a few seconds of high speed visceral Ancient despite the unfathomable script and plot Birth on the other hand was the film equivalent of a very long wait I've had more fun standing a bus stop with the flu in the rain Besides detecting or issues the alarming the regular appearance of boom mics and the plot holes the kids Shons and explicable ability to point out Lauren because the Christmas humbug Birthscript is virtually non-existent and ponders Kubber-style tracking shots have to very lifeblood out of the viewer So they're loaded into a hypnopic and have not a calf slumber I'm sure that detectives have been faced with a rash of mysterious deaths where victims have been found on their self as dribbling out of a quarter of their mouths eyes open gazing zombie likely the end credits of birth This is great The film could have been squeezed just as manyfully into a two-minute short If you take out the scene where we're forced to look at kidman's face at the concert for an age the Straight repeated scenes standing in her flashbacks and likely silence his filled with supposedly drama-filled facial expressions With totally this to an explanation of the plot anymore than a stray fart in a lift you'd be left with hello I'm your dead husband and a child's body, but no I'm not I'm misguided team with a boring life And I've pieced together a bit of information about you to try to see your movies in the bath deeply suspect that scene by the way Oh, and a cool kitten reminded me of a loveless and neurotic icy frigid aunt not a head of deeply emotional soul Who's still pined for a long dead hubby ten years wasn't it? I would have able to understand her symptoms of Sean Mark II if we had been shown just for a moment or two Some scenes featuring your previous deep relationship with Sean Mark one All you art house type should really stop looking for a deeper meaning in this movie. It's a lazy piece of film in that point I it's not pretty good piece of crap very good art house types. I like that in other words. Yeah, yeah 560560 so I've been through that once before, but there's a good warning for you, okay? I don't think so much we're gonna tell you about good movies on issue with this worry about bad ones don't waste your time with hey That would be a public service. Yeah, don't be a QAM hello Hey, I remember in that battle of talk show host the lady that did know that Nelson rock, but it was VP yeah You said the other day you want to know some or above Obama BP even born here, so he can't be VP. Oracle. Bomba were a BAM or was he born? In one over in Nigeria Are you sure where'd you get that? Oh, I know for pop this Where'd you get that information? Google them. I'm gonna Google right out. You believe that? No, I wouldn't I, Jerry also don't believe you haven't been recognized that voice You tell me that was the great one was it? No Not so great one. That's right Okay, we're no over in Nigeria. Let's take a look at Barack Obama U.S. Center from Illinois who's gonna be our next vice president Where's his biography about Senator Obama Gordon Huggle, Louis Hawaii. I'll just fourth 1961. There you go. There you go. Okay, all you these racist comments coming from that redneck That's I'm gonna next time they see your asses attract by the way the great one They're gonna turn it inside out you're gonna have a big hole where you're supposed to be bigger than it is already going Oh speaking of holes carry a tank and now a crisp actor. Hey Charlie Chris you're fairie I wonder when that's gonna finally come out for real already know that he has been asked that question He liked dance around it because it's like Mark Foley what a day of County. Hey Mark you fair to the wall surround it. He waltzes around it. Yeah And a sign that the race for governor may become next you then imagine the same Republican consultant will be at now more veterans attacks on carry in 2004 Has put together political committee and for this already raised at least $508,000 almost all the money for the group half a million has come from a single contributor Kate Crowe We've stayed executive Greg Eagle the eagle is landed a supporter of a training general Charlie Chris you fair and his bid for governor Eagle son Dane is at the great Dane is on the table of the Chris campaign travels with a crystal campaign events if the Chris campaign maintains it knows nothing about Floridians for a better and brighter future What you call to the ROS records was organized in late December and whose president is Christopher Lasavita a veteran GOP consultant strategist Chris does know Greg Eagle and he's a supporter when a friend But didn't know he had any specific contributions at Chris folks woman Vivian Marita Mar Mortita's Mertita. Careful. That's what her name is Mertita's Got to see her Titas Eagle contributed directly to Chris campaign and some Pember to not return repeated phone calls well another Donard or Floridians for a better and brighter future refused answer any questions We need to discuss our political resistance with anybody said Richard white a Broward Davis and associates a tell-assie surveying and planning firm Attempts to reach officials with Floridians for a better and brighter future were unsuccessful the committee is a 527 Organization reference to the IRS code that regulates non-profit political groups IRS record showed the organization is hit at Bala Sabita the former director of the Virginia Republican Party Who was a consultant for a swift vote veterans for truth the 527 Organization that the deep six John Kerry and His record is a war hero Chris is being challenged in a September Republican primary by state chief financial officer Tom Gallagher The two rivals already raised a combined total more than 12 million What asked about the new floor to 527 the Gallagher campaign said to hope the group was not gonna be used to attack Gallagher Month to come Chris is maintained and recently purchased he will not run a negative campaign against his GOP opponent And I'm sure the Tom Gallagher will only say two fair a lot of hundred times a day To Charlie Christ Christ a Charlie You're fair 5670560 Ponce in the kind like silly. I mean, you got a right wing Republican the queen They're what the governor now what's that word trickles out you know like in the panhandle and up there In Los Angeles and Oca Chobie and Pahoki What do you think his chances are on a scale of 0 Yeah, I don't know that'd be like some right wing columnist website older, you know being gay right W499 Okay, they're good today picking up like I said where we left off last week Can you right time to take 400 thousand calls today? What a what a bad piece of luck for me? 567 is my land you know something this is my last attempt Let call for calls last call for calls you know just like last call for booze Last call for calls today all of a sudden these people don't want to play the game no mole 5670560 and pound five six-year-old rise in singular wireless line That is a door Neo just like soft Florida man dead the ED Look at those and what said six-year-old in delay cases that we're gonna be really kicking some a little bit open see there's one WQ I am hello Q I am hello. Yes Do I run at time you again? I am this is this the Ricky King fund WQ I WQ I am hello. Oh, I know how are you okay? I just wanted to comment something on the website And I guess you made it a four and a couple of weeks back regarding a 911 loose change Yes, I just wanted to comment I finally saw that Just last weekend and Very interesting and for all of your fall the listeners up there. I really recommend just watching it. You know Okay, I ask you question get there. How long have you been listening this morning? Just about maybe thought they came in it. Okay. Well, if you heard the call I've had so far now You do you imagine that most of the people we hear from on this show and that they're gonna really look at that Well, it's a people attempt You know, you know, you got to know what make me reckon the effort it's there for their forusual prices right it's free for the asking and it's right there But the most of these people are like that I don't disagree yeah, but then again, it's you know with a type of call as a call and I can almost concur with you But there's always that one That up a thousand oh my first not there. That's gonna like make a big stink about it Well, and then for me that many definitely is an eye opener. It's your right. Okay Thanks, but I'm glad somebody after a song enjoyed it Absolutely, okay, all right. We'll get America over all this baby Start that goose stuff and right now. WQAM hello Happy deleted anniversary deal wrong happy for him to you and happy thanks for calling right I'm this sir Mr. Yeah, I was the weather day and drawn it by the way Next question You feel happy today WQAM hello All right WQAM hello QAM yes It's got a scary experience being followed by a helicopter not just any helicopter on the channel seven So a top them yeah I know what can joke with this This is a left-of-galley eyes to me is the guy with the eyes You be able by channel seven. Oh, huh? Hey, let me guess who was David Cassidy pilot it? Yeah, probably five six. So this is great. All right the same drug that killed Slobby a most of it At least we know the Saudi and swallowing up a leprosy anyway. That's good. No, I woke up in the Twilight Zone today. Yes, sir. I love it See this is where we're going and and when we could recognize the voice of each and every one and that we make a special you know Oh, yeah, it works for me 11 13 it's you way I'm out there. Your fat boys. We're doing a job I got that sales manager Chris back there. He sure got that sales department really on top of getting the copy and not not not not Tell like I do off song Do do do do by When it comes to mattress oh, and I saw the album freed story on over the weekend somewhere. Yeah, how's he doing? Still in the book and about his last concept they rated it his last rock concert in Fili I guess a wise or in New York and he rated it and they sent everybody home. They almost had a riot because the cops So I went nuts and how he never got never worked in the business again He went off to somewhere in California with a band of one his knee and he'd die to broke a penniless a broken soul That's what this business is the duty of boys and girls stay out of it Hey, what it comes to mattress is a lot of gimmicks the latest are sleep numbers otherwise known as air mattresses There only weren't even full for two years. They squeakly pop Just like that they can lose their setting to the light and they cost a fortune if you really want a high quality brand name Actress it'll ask you for years news and call our good friends at valamacris and 1 800 mattress I've been doing for a very long time when you make that called the valamacris you'll get no run around No sure what I'm sure now. It gets just factory direct prices in the best brands that you know and trust and when you call 1 800 You'll pick from Florida's largest inventory of silly sort of Simmons King coil 10 per Pete Exturns but I'm as fast your already for same eight library at prices lower than the so-called big name chains doors even During your supposed base sales call 1 800 mattress right now You can have the bed libert they date and time you want a two hour delivery window You picked the time is convenient for you and believe you made a show up So call today 1 800 mattress right now or log under their website that you're shopping there at Macris.com 1 800 MAT R ES leave off the last S because it stands for Stoo-Penvis saving This is real This is 5 16 We've a tape photograph that officials call definite proof of WMVs what that means for your weekend I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous Saddam Hussein Was a All right And it's hard work This hard work It is hard work It's hard work Talk about slow-waters man So see that you will say the alcohol 55% say the rack war is missed Should be 95% but 55% I'm trying to raise you all over the world They're fit My god, let's be sure it Oh, I love Given a nail gun I love shooting a nail gun too 11 19 I wrote about that nice part of that runs me that movie birth Dahlor Rumsfeld see this is basically what's going on in broad daylight you people are being rated it never not Lee enjoy it Don Rumsfeld makes five million dollar killing on bird food drug The US defense secretary has made more than five million dollars in capital gains from selling shares in the biotech from the discovery and developed Tangoflu the drug being brought in massive amounts by governments to treat possible human pandemic of the disease I didn't tell a story on air about that pigeon No, you didn't always have these pigeons in my balcony and you know they're payment the acid they do like cool cool and awful annoying sound Cook who could you and I'm in here sitting in a sunny some 100 stories to Josh for our website I hope said somebody might read him and I hear that cookup, but what sounded awful loud, you know Because I had opened the window because it's so toasty here last couple days 14 15. It's like a bomb a 60 degrees and So I got the window open gets in fresh here air to play so and I thought it sounds a little louder than usual You know like that thing is inside So I walk into my live room and sure enough they're inside next to my big pot and fake plant. There's a African pigeon There was Walter pigeon sitting there Now what would you do if you had like a bird in your house? What I always have that I should write outwards. Yeah, well, that's what I did because pigeons that I think are pretty smart And they also interact with people a lot. They're not afraid of people because they're always digging for food They're trying to nest and so I pulled back the drape from Open up the sliding glass or a real wide and it waddled around a pot of plant took a look and we'll flatten it So I went a little bit and out there went again and I planned that when we should don't come back you idiot I said I pigeoned in my uh, and I think that myself I wonder if that was the one I had to bird flew Maybe it was a plant light a dodge to bullet there. Yeah more than 60 countries It's so far ordered large stocks of anti-viral medication the only oral medicine believed to be effective against the deadly H5 instead of the disease to try to protect our people the ui has to make set of 10 Demicum kill 150 million people worldwide Brits is about halfway through receiving order 14.6 million courses of the drug which the government hopes to Reverts some of the 700 thousand deaths that might be expected 10 if you doesn't cure the disease, but if they consume that for symptoms of fear it can reduce its severity But it'd be put a boot for the bot Mr. Rumsfeld was on the board of Gillian Yodian sciences which developed the drug from 988 to 2001. He was its chairman from 1997 He then left to do end abortion administration what we made day we take a huge shareholding The firm made a loss in 2003 the year before the concern about bird flew started then Revenue from 10 with the wellness quadruple the 44 point six made and helping put in company well back in the black almost quadruple again a hundred and 62 may last year during this time the share price tripled Mr. Rumsfeld sold some of his Gillian shares in 2004 we can go into the financial disclosure report is required to make each year Capital gains the more than five million dollars He's making me while the bird is trying to know sure I was dropping a big one on your head bird flew my ass I'll Campus security guard reports screams in the water. You see that where is this? Rhode Island better get lead across beyond that right away The searches turned up an or a baseball camp a partridge in a pear tree What this is an I thought it said Rhode Island and it missed you Rhode Island all missing Rhode Island students in Boston They probably out there and keep cool Where do you go to any Marlins games this season? 690 votes so far maybe a couple hundred eighty one. I'll pack them sandwiches move already 165 No, they screw the fans again 157 again again I hate baseball. No, I will not go 104. Yes, remote games 43. That's six point a percent I hate this full 29 and season ticket orders. We finally got off that nine ruptu 11 1.5 percent of this audience Marlins season ticket orders 11 Which represents a pretty I would imagine significant percentage of the total Marlins season ticket orders Which I would imagine is probably Right in that area Now you have to pardon me if I like dive ahead and continue with these so now that there's some calls on board I'm and as you know what I'll do respect your calls suck I mean there been a couple that have a lagging reading people no seriously They just pathetic for so lately than usual so obviously is it coming and it's spring break thing is that what it is? That is something Could be it because I know that's March break here and there ain't nobody around that was this past week was spring break So another was that excuse lies to the last week maybe that was why last week there was so a grim and slim thing so Baby and I thought we really care But this maybe to stop over from it because now we got the March break and everybody's abandoned here See them a little bit more wide open spaces there at woodbys who get a good machine I good machine And then interesting how the women say the dimper the man oh, the men say my sheen more and the same machine That's what you can tell it's part I said it You can smell them apart and tell them apart Four former inmates of the surface county detention facility filed a federal lawsuit against the private company that runs the jail in Orlando I'll let our alleging two former officials put human waste in their food and drinks and this just a minutes before lunchtime Have you got your chili? Wow, yeah, it's all gone. No, that's a good thing The inmates were subject to cruel punishment torture and battery in 2004 when they were forced to eat the food Contaminated with urine and feces according to the lawsuit file Friday, news it just record in Tampa A spokesman for Tennessee based corrections corporate America said the company took immediate action What's they heard about the incident Management immediately investigated and tribinated to be employed right there and then company spokesman Steve Owen said Saturday the company does have a zero tolerance policy for counter for that nature That nature what other conduct would be of that nature Owen said the company has happened to be the lawsuit yet Which accused them of negligent hiring former inmates javon Walker Jeffery young Larry Robinson, Greg Platt have been held in the jail segregation unit They said we as soon as we serve for inmates were considered at safety risk in a locato jail I wonder how Frank ex-locato is a doing who he was a he was always gonna run for office He was a political kind of redneck you guy when I was on INZ Frank Frank your ex-locato jail like how whatever his name was don't remember that no They did the Ronnie Reagan supply side economics blues and That's what oh that guy You don't want talking about you just no, yeah, they also They also we spots it up for this one Right Remember that how could you forget it? The inmates complained the food at a fall order and didn't taste right some taste wrong in here You know I know spelled it with either, but we're forced to eat or go hungry after eating the food They serve from vomiting stomach cramps in nausea the instance occurs several times between November 1 December 31 The very people they depend on a protect and keep them safe are the very ones of using them So that's really a William Grant who filed lawsuit Charles Mulligan a former supervisor I employed by corrections corporate America. They wanted to corrections officers acknowledge putting human waste and inmates drinking jug Mulligan was fired because he didn't report the incident the jail's warden Carlos Melendez testified at the hearing Grant and I represents the former inmates formerly representative Mulligan I liked that they were forced they were forced to show all that crap literally down there gullett Down there Mulligan I mean I show Mulligan's island for constant was that Bob Denver? Gilligan's that would yeah, oh Boy, is he annoying? Oh, he's dead though, right not that long ago. He died. That's right. Well, there's one good one Oh, right on for that get him out of the way Let's bring back Wally Cox and you're all as Marlon Brando's to it 27 past 11 at five 60 WQA and with lightning quick speeds the latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL on the dust and today you can get on board for only 995 a month or two months With an always on connection speed of six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites And we can only imagine what they are Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to feed features like the fan Video mail Comcast raps the new video plus at a 7 personal email account system a few not only that You also get macophie security tools included You can be sure that you're in an experiences always safe and secure so much waiting for start doing more faster than ever before Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 995 a month or too much and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it in Dayd call 305 Comcast today or in Broward if nine five four Comcast Is Through the call of oh Did it ready? Let's smell delicious on you really agon yourself mom. Thanks, but where's your brother? High goal golf ready for dinner We know fable to eat a crap Me hungry for you my body part It's the cannibal in your family becoming extremely difficult to cook for are you We need something to bring back his blood thirsty appetite well you're in love introducing the first ever frozen Entry the caters to the cannibal in your family could davers frozen dinners and just three easy Michael Avable minutes the cannibal in your family will soon be enjoying an enticing entree of his or her liking There's chilly with kidneys pork and stains for the dessert kind of so we're cannibal in your family There's pancreas pie and for the breakfast and thuzzi's cannibal there's eggs over easy Honey ready for dinner Who's good yabbers? What are you talking about? Such volume Cadabbers frozen dinners the frozen archway located in your grocery's freezer that won't cost you an arm and a land Wasn't that a good follow-up to our story? That was cute. No, it's perfect and of course deliciously different. That little piece there That was brought back some great memories. You know, it's been to the anniversary show which I guess I should have played all that old stuff You played a lot of old stuff. Yeah, but not enough like Anyway, I'm just gonna plot through my pile. Okay, in fact I'm thinking very seriously remember I mentioned this couple weeks ago of cutting the calls back to like maybe Oh, I don't know how many a day like don't do that about 30 huh? 2 like 2 a days Well, what is it? Well, what is it because you're always what I'm gonna get rid of the calls and everything and I do it for seven months I don't want to go to that extreme. I don't want to be a victim. I want to like occasionally go in like a lightning one For your videos, you know as you keep reminding me that's what they want that's a book. It's out there one is to hear other idiots call up and say idiotic They so in the resistance the listeners are easy. You got a cause of cars No, I didn't say you're the one that's always telling me that night off the year. Oh, not near we're supposed to pretend We've got a lot of Yeah, that's not your crown. Very soon. You got to go to the cool crowd. That's right, aerodite You got the aerodite in the light of college crowd and you got all the ladies out there because you're how does a firecracker? That's right and Me this pathetic old you fact is waiting for a home and talking on forum. What have I got you know? I got that article in the Harold and then about 40 cents of my about a quarter of a cup of coffee and Starbucks Coffee late and what is what is with all these designer coffees? Can you explain that to me what is that? Sure, it's a designer coffee No regular coffee's just boring. You got to put some stuff in there. You never guess what I was looking for on Saturday Well, besides that I'm always looking for that. I know no listen I was already told it is I had my can't guide take me to Chinatown or not a place you want to go With there like two or three Chinatowns here because they like so many there's four or a thousand Chinese people here I mean fine people but just too many in some of them smell really bad But those are ones well and anyway, so I was looking for those sure talking noodles, right? Remember I just mentioned that on dieders buying noodles in the noodle What you talk about the varying reviews on movies like the ones I had there from IMDB One reo couple people give it a one and then some people give it a ten it was the same What these noodles on the Amazon.com website which are ordered ten bags guarantee I'll like probably take one bite and throw the other or the rest of it down the trash But I can afford it I mean what's a hundred bucks right both of the cost was the shipping Not just to hear about to anywhere shipping so I read most of the commentary and most they're like either a one on a scale of five or a five Something in between Okay, all of these are great and they haven't virtually no carbs and no fat almost no calories and you can put any kind of sauce on them in there Fantastic, but you have to wash them off real good and and part what is car boy? What does that mean? Car broil car boil not par broil and what am I asking you you don't know? Par boil Okay, I thought I knew but I guess I don't for like sure for what what you think it is I thought I was like when they do these double stevers So they boil it but not directly but I'm taking them just making that up Yeah, sounds to me like you are and anyway you can put it even no could two for life for your four minutes It's really a certain I don't know the smell The fishy smell And anyway, so they're in plus they're two chewy and one guy says after one bite I spit it out and chew the rest of it went first Then the ones that are saying a five always a diabetic and a diet This is like a God send oh sorry for that movie God send and it's just a most wonderful thing So I want to look in form it a question of the Chinese markets in real China towns No speaking in ways that even close and number two everything in the story is like Chinese writing on it There's nothing in English and I saw I had written down the name of the product in the brand name and they looked like Ah, so well I like Yeah, so I went online I ordered some sure talking It should be most of our people. I don't know. Maybe people out there know what it's all about should about the most of you I did all of you over there. Yeah, I suppose to be like a for people a love pasta like I do But don't want to calories you can put pasta sauce on and fight out a bunch of low-car pasta sauce too For somebody else which I just did get an email from them remember actually I got it And they were out of this one out of them. That was very nice. By the way, that is a boil just for a period of time Parboil yeah, you know parboil means like when Jack par used to be on Nice to piss him off every then BC you who watch Jack parboil But anyway, so that's what that means you know Josh there's Google because you sure some of you didn't know what I meant by myself Anybody that spells Mickey Mouse with a J The high-carbohydrate dense calorie food of pasta was off limited these people at the stories all about the Sunsen Let's welcome you start on this gelatinous Japanese noodle with only 20 calories a serving called sure a tucky made from a Yan like Japanese root called kaiyaku a Miracle food no fat few carbs almost none and a mere 20 calories per serving To the old mirrors which is who these people interviewed the chewy noodle was a diet is holy grail see chewy again I don't mind chewy. I don't either in fact the some of the people said it's like the noodles in the stuff that you eat that crap Robin No, no, I love the cup of noodles. That's rather that's wrong. That was wrong with that. You can have a sauce on that. I like them The house foods grand is been a top seller in Amazon.com's gourmet food sex more or less to this fettuccine shape tofu because that is a blend of tofu and koi yaku Tide of an Amazon is even cost delivery delays with customers reportedly waiting up to a month in fact a lot of the comments Also that I read on their website where from people said I was supposed to get in a couple of days And it took weeks and weeks and weeks to finally get here and I cooked it up and I a little I spat it out. That's when the people are heated even if people are like it bitched about the The soda liver because the this thing is so hot that the Sun it like a flat jacks an angel mama's house Sun are real fast Sure talking so it's common I got a bunch of bags coming in probably go right down the trash right down the old shoot Which eventually is where all food lines of going down the shoot? A day after returning to the West after another long term as bureau chain I'm maybe we'll get some calls about sure talking you think I'd be interested in hearing about that sure me to sure retockey He's positive. I think there's no chance. How many QA and hello? Chinese Central hello Neil I actually I read about these things as well of diabetic and I read about the two months ago And my efforts to look into the local sources basically To come over the search yeah, I got the same kind of you know You know now what you talk about Right man kind of look from the the local Asian cuisine place so good luck. I guess we got to go online. You got to go online In fact, just go to amazon.com and put in sure talking and they got it and that's why I ordered it Okay I grew like he just did his dad Well, I'm just telling about to do I'm telling where to go Huh, I'd like to tell a lot of people where to go But that's a good idea sure talking noodles, man and if these things are good all let you know I wouldn't go and go and order like a hundred bags yet. Oh wait I'm waiting no I'll be honest opinion about it because there are certain things as far as low carb that whole or car I know I know that the fat is over with and it's above but it does work and it's certainly if you've got a better game and must a must cut back on the carbs Cut back on the pasta pasta pasta pasta pasta a pizza pasta the ice cream pasta when it's a lot though I tried those low carb noodles and we were getting the saffron. Oh, no, these aren't that Be afraid These aren't them good. I know what you're talking about and then there's also another brand which I just ordered by can't think of the name of what it is I'll look it up in a minute And begins with a D is in Dilarious That's only got like a very very tiny number of Usable carbs per a serving like I think about eight or something like that okay But really that would be great because I To be honest with you. I'm much more into pasta than I'm in ice cream and sweets, but that that's my step-to-do because it bicella pasta Because the pasta since my blood sugar is soaring to unbelievable heights And I just can't do that no mole I know if I'm gonna continue under two and Four fifths a years right I'm thinking of a extension Where you gonna put it? Corromo oh look at this Franklin condo is host of a weekly new that spelled EAK news interview program on beacon TV network owned by the brow escult system His primary duties in Sudanese and softball questions to people of an importance This is all while wearing your cheesy red white and blue all American tie the set looks like it was purchased that had ducked our gym General and the sound is worse than tried to tune in QA M in e-haw junction He's chubby attend need to wear her cut poor Franklin condo. He also seems to have kept her He's chubby attend and in need of a haircut. He also seems to have You can do it come on I got Blood oh my god I'm gonna put that over here on the side. I'm gonna read the whole thing again Is that not what I don't know usually we can you know you can tell the they has a look Man poor Franklin condo he must have gotten killed by the right ergonomics supply study can I miss blues man? Hey all of the name drag concepts the best in carpet cleaning in the universe. I've been using for over 21 years as matter fact you know where they are today? Where in my house? Oh, over done so before you go out and spend thousands replace your car. Let's give dark concepts to call it and bring your carpeting back to like no matter how desperate they might look Leaving your carpets vibrant and color soft for the touch and staying free Bright concepts is the only cup of doubt whatever you would know when you ought to be thinking about too I'm sure you already know but just in case you don't Drive concepts also specializes in draper cleaning a post-recleaning deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and much more Without a doubt one of the best things you can do for your annual area where your rug is to use a quality under a layman It's essential for standing life and beauty if you're here where you rug and provides critical cushioning and prevents Skating on hard floors call during this month or in a month of March and get 15% savings on all underlayment padding from dry concepts I was you your professional job always show up on time and give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their unmaturable job Carpric cleaning water damage restoration petoda treatments Max Clinton given those dust mice and lots lots more trust the best dry concepts column full free and day grad in the Palm beaches 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 around the web dry concepts.com Is Neil Rogers this is five 16 Single Rubs, Sans nomads, Scanodists whenever it's cold You be Re traz Disught Pest Eye tämä Staling people right after you killed Not even leaving behind a tiny girl to the lectern Big girl again He plays a people taste or sludge again If you see him in a full office race Better honor you at this age But you can't fool your job You just do like dirt I've got to ask How do you eat things through that funky mess? But always looks good You can't fool your job But first you're the whole thing is the silly story Like dirt I wish I saw You pay up as it I'll do something called Keep the clips and zander next free Just with our man of God's today's day 747 And no forget we got to come out of and just hear a few minutes Two big van hits today for our thing for a van and per rescue Any interest? No Number one, grand opening of advanced auto parts 3600 northwest 25th Avenue Miami Where you're stood there to win a thousand-dollar advanced auto parts And you're the best free from noon to two And then no matter dose Quarter of power line and sunrise between US and I-95 But these snoko ganstays, it's against And so far going in the day we had 15,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 Which in a week and a half I guess that's not bad. We'll take it It's a big smart like a key change or something That people couldn't duplicate You know like we have a couple of times We'd raise like probably 80 grand But we'll do the best we can It's all we can do And Amy said it was judge called a recess Today to consider a mistrial They sent us a trial of confessed al-Qaeda Concealer is a terrorist He used to be a car and now he's a car, as I'm sorry The car is who's selling used to be a terrorist Because if I made you come and you're involving a large coaching What is it you hear? You hear that? Oh, play that's what I've been bringing about for a month I just had like a little I watched that movie where that's The what's your name? Rebecca D. Morning When And he had a large circle I beat you to it And she keeps the asthma thing I mean people are out here with asthma I don't want to make fun of you because it's a horrible thing Obviously, but she keeps having just too many of those asthma attacks You know it Like when when Rebecca D. Morning steals the FedEx package that she's supposed to send out with a guy's proposal Remember that? Right And she goes to the post office or the FedEx or whatever To mail it and it's not an impersonation And she starts storing back to the car I'm pretty good Remember that? And then Rebecca steals and she She empties out all of her inhalers That bitch She got hers in the end though Rebecca D. Morning That's pretty good movie hand rest of her It's okay, all right The husband was he was disturbing me He was not a good actor He was very disturbing What's his name? I forgot Bad On this trial I mean the death penalty may be removed There's an option for Mussol And he received life in prison instead A trans, he has a lawyer And the transcript of the opening statements and some Travelling testimony to potential government Witnesses of early trying to coach them According to CBS News correspondent Burma Ignato That will be a violation of the rules Had by a registered judge Leah Leone Brinkema that no witnesses should hear the Travelling testimony advance This is the second significant error by the government Effective and constitutional rights of the defendant And the criminal justice system in the country in the context of a dead case Brinkema told lawyers in the case outside the presence of the jury Leone and E Whatever name is The French attorney Ed McMan Here is Edding Move down the judge's dismiss to death penalty Is a possible outcome saying this is not going to be a fur trail Any alternative he said at least She should excuse the coach's government What is this from the case? Prosecutor David Novak replied that ruling the witnesses What a student half the government's case Novak suggested instead the problem could be first by a vigorous cross examination By the defense But Brinkema said she would need time to study what to do And here's the camper Here's your government again Blowing it a time after time again I just can't get it done Again the couldn't shoot straight It's a big team In all the years I've been on the bench I have never seen such an egregious violation of rule on witnesses She said You know that kind of company for the diabetic guy that's looking for the sure talking That was fine I was hoping to hear from somebody who actually got some somewhere And there was any good at all Or whether it's just really garbage Because if it turns out a really is garbage And fishy smell and nasty stuff I'll just throw it out before I even open it Because of all the people that you might be in fishy smell and stuff Oh man Just even those outdoor food markets like in Boston My live there And I didn't have any big city They got those How to or markets where they got like cold cuts and produce and stuff And then they've always got the fish market section Right And you did or even when you go into a supermarket Sure Where the fish section is Oh man I get up stream from that I just want to gag I want to pup my guts out Oh No fish for this kid Of any kind Anyway getting back to Frank Larkano The settler's like it was purchased a dollar general The sound is worth and tried to tune in QMEHaw junction He's shoveby a tagger and need a haircut He also seems to have temporarily used drool Hang in the door He's crooked mouth It's my favorite show PEPEROID It's my favorite show Says this stuff actually What's not to like I mean how many other shows got an obvious like that Huh I can't wait I've got a TV host I've got PEPEROID I've got PEPEROID I've got a TV host I've got a TV host Even Chris Maddie's don't have that from the court I've got his crooked mouth And Brian Williams He's got 142 little teeth on the bottom I've got like 3 rows of Like 1B I've got even noticed that He's got like 6 sets of teeth And they've got a TV tiny ones These vizars His really strange Chubby Italian need a haircut So anyway Frank Larkano bought it And it's too bad he didn't call it in my anniversary Shower I didn't take a lot of calls that They either And rightfully so Because it would have been really boring It would have been boring to me And they got Oh Neo, congratulations for four hours of that I don't remember what that we did do But it was your more entertaining than that Although we did We did redeem ourselves By having your close personal frame Joe Costello Call in the idea of the show on a bat line Pickin' Regulate Me Suck around That was one of the little other highlights for me Whatever happened to him anyway What he did I mean as far as as a person Whatever, what just became what? What did he turn into? The shirt Maybe that was just him all along We didn't realize it, you know? Wait, don't dummy up now You're the one that's always, you know, always what? You're not, you're not, you're not a hammer You're not the close buddy You just have to know what you're talking about Now they're back in town You might have to, you know, share some good drugs Maybe that might be what you're talking about Okay I like you so much anymore Joe I needed why 768 votes Wow, what do you go to tomorrow's game with this season? Maybe a couple, 201, 201 Maybe a couple, maybe maybe not Come see, come saw Take it or leave it I'll pack him sandwiches Move already, 170 now Quits ready, believe, just move No, they screwed the fans again 175 I hate baseball, no, I will not go 108 Yes, several games, 52, there we go We love them, Marley, especially when they're on early They pre-empt part of the show Yes, several games, 52, I hate this pool 40 Pretty low number, 40 And season ticket order 13 A lucky number For Dan Marley, no Matt Sundine, I'll not so lucky anymore for him And 13, maybe I'm lucky for the Marlins David Sandson reports that it's a full 25% Of a season ticket order that they got so far But it's still early, you know WQA, I'm sure a talkie line, hello Yes sir I'd like to talk to Neil for a second I need to know about the bubble has juice The bubble has juice? Yeah Five, six, seven See these are great, I don't know what your vision about to call Swort or entertaining man, they're fantastic What? Look at the response, I'm getting out of my shirt Talking noodles, man, the phone goes broken Everybody got a review None Well, that's because we haven't caught up with a 7-minute delay yet Five pepperoni, you're just drool I don't think I've ever heard that expression before my life I don't know what that's gonna do with that That is, that is just so good Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty and a Verizon singular Wireless line Sure a talkie baby on poor amnolus It's actually maybe even like instead of the homotogian Said a pay it with poppy seeds, you can just shove a bunch of it Sure a talkie in it Come on David Or maybe noodles can happen there If you remember noodles once upon a time in America Uh huh Tell me to cue a m hello Neel, the calling from the longest to familiar You're recording me your, I just don't get the question You still think, don't sell up so good lucky You know some of the great anymore, what do you think? Tell me to cue a m hello Hey buddy Talk about stone, yes sir Great show, it is Did you still come in here, you're a good Tell me to cue a m hello Hey Dio, yes a comoll is done Take a lesson from the old pants Thank you Mr. Cole for reciting this the open And I can watch the games now, right? Yeah We can also do the true and more talk tell her Is there more talk? Yes No more talk tell her Go with the talk tell her And leave it to the audience to me and I will have it a time I'm not going to get paid So he left this place and went to a real job Like what? Like not in radio Oh and you guys going to talk, let's hear it Hey Todd, good luck to you Do fairy So what are we going to do now? To a clock on the cross over We're going to pick on We have Jesse Agler Jesse Agler, what can we say? Do fairy Jesse and he won't get all that out of shape course Maybe he'll relate to it I'm going to leave the top not to crack That's what Duff said That's what we said about Josh Then he finally gave up Maybe move on to Jesse now Jesse Agler Maybe a duck can be Jesse's girl So speaking I've Duff let's talk about his best post personal friend John the Baker Who brought an included game last week What is going to be a regular thing? I've turned you in better than John the Baker Man of Foodist and Stasional two locations for you Tynes will have already in the Home Depot Center Just West or Flamingo Or the brand new John the Baker at the Sterling Town Center Sterling in Pineau Road and Cooper City And of course all the great home made a tag in this You did expect to find and find joint Like sausage and peppers Chicken Parmesan Big Zeevee, Lasagna Hot and Steaming huge gigantic fresh portions And John the Baker's World Famous Garlic Rolls The Best and it's not a fact If you go into John the Baker evil Change location and mention you heard about it on the Miraward your show With your meal you get a half dozen of John's World Famous Garlic Rolls Absolutely free How do you like that and there is biggest your head His biggest can both can't for a set and poor they good Don't forget about those fantastic sloppy sausage subs to the best in the world And the pizza asking anybody who's ever been to those Best in South Florida so bring the whole family to give you big portions Teeny prices are call ahead for takeout in Pepper Pines called 954 431-421-415 954-431-415 or Cooper City 954-252-091 954-252091 Don't forget to ask for your complimentary garlic rolls mentioned my name when you go in there and they'll like a laugh ride Half a dozen of John's World Famous Garlic Rolls Be with you meal just for mentioning Oh, they'll guys this is Neil Rogers this is 516 This is a kidney I like the relaxed by having Mary Magdalene I'm aside my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th one Are you the experience since new age music before But never like this now The only excitement of his latest on his record Johnny captured live from the county Yes, all the mind-own masterpiece of the craftsmanship You're going to do it for years and elevators in this office and supermarkets Performed live from the local lockup and bus All new tracks like I'm related to sold on the sunrise For screening order of dreams and the rain must fall And so will you if you could leave me you are All the only 1935 was shipping an ending And speaking of handling, call now and you will see the full color of the show The only becoming the soul is rich And the whole for your name, capture live at the county street Provided to know the hand is to the big hand and look at this man This is the best overseen speaking of births and the fact that rum souls making all that money off the Tamil flu Midians in a remarkable speech over the weekend Secretary of Health and Human Services Michael Levin Recommended that Americans start throwing canned tuna and powered milk under their beds As the prospect of a deadly birth to lockbreaker approaches the USA Can tuna and powered milk under your bed Ready or not? Here it comes it says It's being spread much faster than first predicted from one wild flock of birds to another And airborne delivery system that no government can stop There's no way you can predict the US by building a big cage about it And preventing wild birds from flying in the US Secretary of Agriculture Michael Johan said US by said, like tracking the infected flots which started in Asia now heading north of Siberia in Alaska There go a north of Alaska with Johnny Horton, baby Where there's so many people who have flocked from the north American flyways What we're watching in real time is evolution said lower a gear to senior fellow for global health At the castle of foreign relations and its biological process and is by definition un-predictable America's poultry farms could become ground zero as infected flots lie over The industry says it's compared for a quick action All the birds in vomit would be destroyed and the area would be isolated and quarantined Said Richard does something at the National Chicken Council I didn't know there wasn't National Chicken Council Well, that either I would be surprised if there's a National Chicken Schmidt Council It would very much look like a sort of military operation if it came to that He said with pepperoni juice Drullin out of his mouth Pepperoni juice drool Oh man, that is just Extraordinary for cost there already being taken up to huge chicken farms in Lancaster County He had a set of the last great outbreak of a similar group blue 20 years ago Other than the farmers, everyone there has to dress as if we're a visitor to a hospital operating world That can 83.84 we had to kill 17 million birds that across the 60 million dollars Said Dr. Cheryl Davis in the veterinary medicine expert University of Pennsylvania Even on a model farm, maybe she knew us saw a pond just outside the protected barns Attracting wild geese. It's the dropings of infected water fall that carried the virus It's the dang good thing that pigeon didn't drop one of my living room before I got it out of here That's right. I bet you that was a that was a Clandestine pigeon Maybe it was a carrier pigeon. I think it was a neocon pigeon. Yeah, I could have been it was carrying the virus right into my window The birds blue virus today has rarely been transmitted to humans. There have been lots of dead birds and three continents so far Few of the 100 reported human deaths and I might mention myself that all the human deaths have been because of close connection to infected Bright follow people handling the birds right handling an infected bird don't handle an infected bird please ABC news obtained a mathematical projection prepared by federal scientists pay that based on initial outbreak of an east coast chicken farm within three months with no vaccine almost half a country would have the flu Yeah, that would be that would be if it could transmit from one human to another That of course it says is a worst case scenario of a one that can't be completely discounted The current bird flu strain has been around for at least ten years It's taken surprising twist in turns not the least of which is that it's now showing up in cats in Europe And of course cats what are they a famous reading birds right where officials are advising owners to bring their cats inside I advise that or it says that advice might soon have to be considered here in the US is Brian Ross from ABC news Let me say it again the secretary of HHA says HHS says starts throwing canned tuna and powdered milk under your beds Yeah, but what about the mercury level what you said all of that what what does that mean? My god can tuna and powdered milk I Think he needs to take a BC powder case me and of course the more they get everybody into a wild panic about it The more people are running out and by that you know Tammy flew So that time rumsel can make a whole lot more money. He's still got plenty more stocking and said yet Trust me or not Okay, after returning to the US for let's see we got I bet you we fresh about over eight hundred votes You think we can do a thousand today. Yeah, you sure didn't put the standard on much later than usual By the way, McGill's already out there and oh, he I'm just letting you know well, what means already out there? It's five past 12 the thing is noon to two is that like a bulletin. Well, he's been out there since I five to I mean first you tell me that we no longer have watches name whatever it has name was but the dates Oh, God, color cod. Tell her. You don't have him and now you're coming at the we got what's his name? I'm going to tell her Oh, man Congratulations to you. It's very seriously get out of the business. It sucks. It's pathetic. It'll kill you 800 votes on a marlin thing and it's not looking to good for them. We got a shot of a thousand people get with it get off your dead ass man It's for him for Christ makes before you go out there and buy was really nice fluffy big soft comment action with the poppy seeds Go on our pool and vote and then go on here and look at loose change and then go on here and click on the Neil's store and buy a bunch of CDs and t-shirts Right right by several I think we can do like 30,000 but 30 man you're saying 50. I think you're dreaming. Yeah, a day after we turn to the US after another long term as bureau chief and bag dead On F burns of the York Times said on Bill Mars live Friday night HBO program that he now feels for the first time that the American effort in Iraq will likely fail As if a civil war was developing their burn set and this is a great line. It's always visible war and it's just a matter of extent He said the current US leaders their military and diplomatic were doing their best but security differences would probably do in the enterprise There are a bunch of tribal Getchies is what they are and I tell you that the other week that that's what they are the tribesmen man Remember the Kurds my god. Have you ever seen the Kurds? They're lately good. Golly miss Molly and of course they want to hook up that long queue Oh, that's what they want there in northern Iraq. That's that's the deal for them even a bunch of stone age people like them still want to cash. They want that black gold Burn said that he and others underestimated this problem feeling for a long time the top thing side of the same well almost inevitably lead to something much better He called the abugar right abused the worst of many mistakes US made but said that even without so many mistakes they said to him conflict would have still got not a hand See one thing about side of man. He rule over the iron fist and that's what you need in the place where got a bunch of getchies running around Like somebody out of the stone day, but he knew to have it been for those people. I got a somebody out of the stone filth page You're this is your favorite story, which you told me already heard about it. Leave a tudi here about this. Oh look at that Britain that credits forces by 10% in Iraq Pretty soon as long as it be Americans vying over there While the Canadians are busy dying in Afghanistan and also more Americans too seven more And Alaska high school violated the student's free speech rights by suspend the game after you're thrilled to ban her reading Vong hits for Jesus across the street for the school federal call on crime. Well how do I find it good piece of news? Vong hits and the number four. Vong hits for Jesus And would seem to me based on the depictions I've seen it Jesus, and he probably would like participated Right, he likes it. He'll piece pipe a little bit or at least pass the long to you right Joseph Fredrick a student that Juno Douglas high school in Alaska displayed the ban which refers to smoking marijuana No Oh, this is from writers. Obviously just a little bit of a touch He displayed it in January 2002 to try to get on TV as the Olympic church relay was passing the school Principal Deborah Morris sees the ban went to spend the 18 year old for 10 days Saying he had undermined the school's educational mission and anti drug stands anti drug my ass Friday's ruling by the US nine circuit code of appeals and San Francisco over trimmed the season by federal court in Alaska That fact Fredrick suspension and said a rights run and his rights were not violated Appeals courts at the van was protected speech because it did not disrupt activity and was displayed our school ground drinking on to a regular activity So Yamama Public schools are instrumentalities the government and government is not entitled to suppress speech that undermines whatever its missions If the fines for itself judge Andrew Kleinfeld wrote the courts opinion even in Alaska the judges are Jewish The court also cleared the way for Fredrick to see damages saying morsel is aware of the relevant case law and should have known corrections violated the students rights you go baby you go Joe Joseph Fredrick Good-alienic him kid Bolling hits for Jesus what's wrong with that burden you can't say anything no more, and that's basically what America has become man fascism fascism fascista fascista forget about T's the United States America bush with a fascista everything the courts the SEC restricting and restraining and cutting back and just dummy up everybody dummy up and do step Stuff maybe we want to play that goose step did don't we have a bit called do steps yes Can we still play it to my choice? Okay, after one decision during the break although it's early recently. Yeah, I put like stars put an extra risk on these things about a foot of mener So a pretty good idea that maybe it was on post the Joyce history post that under regime in this whole new view or under Oh, and here here one of the most obnoxious and anxious characters who I just despise who came here to derot about Month ago is so and Mayor David Miller told him bye-bye They came here in a Friday and David Miller told him you got so money to get out of here get lost The policies and here are pretty boring. I mean they're bland. Oh, man, very well, but but and especially David Miller He's as boring as any of but at least one tiny book stuff a little bit said we'll have our own problems here. Thank you This is what we had like the the shootings out on the downtown Uh-huh Yeah, and a girl got shot and killed Because we got gangs with guns man. We got a bad combination baby In Scarborough. We got dark punks with guns not a good combination John got a junior He's got him they call him junior gun. I didn't know that. See look at one educational show this is in fact the judge said that the honey junior Junior got he went to church yesterday and courtesy would that's a guy. In fact I like that he didn't you're answering you've been in courtesy. In fact his name out of a courtesy slime ball As a problem with that the repeated mob boss fresh off a second Miss trial stemming in part for men attack on Slewa showed up for mass Morning mass with two of his children and saying dominance Catholic church and oyster bay long island yesterday Gotty 42 or monogram back for Lewis sweatsuit adorned with red white and green striping and colors of the attack in flag and that boy Talk about a fashion plate even versus better than Jack Abramoff He means he told a community in set hands class that a puny or the back of the church later He and his children were our should to decide door where a car was waiting for them when the service was over He's gonna be godfather of Connie's baby and then he's gonna set a lot family business Shaking his hand and anger got a gladdest photographer snap flies inside the church and blew up at a daily news reporter He left this is obviously from the daily news. How dare you he will have to report her that was the most indecency thing you could do And reporter flashed in some and said hey, you that's what you thought A person is that she didn't mind gody coming but objected to star treatment I don't know why the secrecy said the woman who didn't want her name used for obvious reasons Goddy remains free on $7 million bail and prosecutors are playing the tram a third time in the 92 shooting of Slewa who often blasted The goddess on his video talk show on his right wing fanatical radio talk show keep it in the europe artist and stay out of Toronto Santa Canada stay out of Miami, Santa everywhere, set of our way You grandstanding piece of turd Jerry forming Greg Rosenblum boy said four jurors voted a convicted repeated ahead of the game being a grand family He wanted to acquit him still smarty from the jury's decision. Sleep or last out of cottage to build a leave his house Rest to go to church as this is something new. I guess I guess you didn't see the godfather It's a disgrace to see my church giving holy community to a man who up the leader reign of terrorists Sleep with 51 who is also Catholic what's the message? Can you kill you, maybe a commit crime you gain sanctuary? It's shameful but of course the church has been doing this for years because these people are big Contribute to the church a church folks and said what's taking sides on the spooky clean slate when body The government's case against the reviewed monster the bottom line is he's allowed to worship an any Catholic church Said Sean Nolan the eyes he's a rockville center any Catholic is welcome The guardian angel leader said he didn't know how a landle the mistural on his radio show He's still fuming a trowel cross-run kubi you testified for the defense The conservative crime fighter in the liberal war barely locked eyes in the studio last week last week was the hardest week of radio ever had to do Said sleep was spent 15 years on here with right wing cramp It may be even worse now that the jury is rendered. It's the decision How do you like that? I side with a godby's okay, least they could do something for us What what does Curtis sleep we're gonna do for us always the mountain that have to get that beret and a red beret man I'll tell you where he can stuff that back home 12 14 a Qm beat four is gone mad folks. It's madness in March all this month of beat four It just missed having a record month last month so they kind of break that record this month and right now as I speak Extended care for 450 there was lower 249 dollars a month with $995 $1.00 plus fees with a pro credit 39 monthly Magnus of Marched beat four it means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts of up to 10 grand on all new and use vehicles If you're not in the market for new car, but no somebody who is be sure and send their ass into beach for it because if they take the Rebrie during this month during March beach for will send you 200 bucks just for some them around I've had money comes from beach for its advertising budget so then we'll take it on the cost your friends price Don't miss out on this once you're event beach for madness and March going on right now A even on forum extended care for one of 50s lowest 249 dollars a month Discoats and reach up to ten thousand dollars and just the $200 in cash for referring a friend So hurry and beat four is located two miles east of the Golden Glaze on 163rd Street and West to see highway Garantia Betramati bells life on at five times you'll love your beat four experience Barlons who the hell are the barlets? That's right, including very boss man. He is all those records on have like an asterisk Next is big fat ass What a joke and Then he says oh, I don't need to read the book while I waste my time doing that. No, he doesn't need to read it because he knows you've been doing it And we Josh court it you need to be deep program man. You need to have somebody like take hold of you and be program your ass Tipping to everything beat him with the phone. How are we doing over there at the remote? Got a total of 160 right now That's not so bad. That's not the that's a decent start not great not overwhelming But that gives us all ready almost a six 16 grand that gets just a grand total of 15,975 that means the next the second one next We'll get us over 16 grand and Just an honor of that If Miguel gets at 40 bucks for where we're get whoever puts the second deal down puts the 20 down on the table Miguel will flash you honey like that Why you'll lift this shirt up Second day, O'Connor we're public gonna put a judge of retired last month after 24 years on the Supreme Court It said the U.S. is in danger of aging toward dictatorship if the party's right wingers continue to attack the judiciary Oh my god, man you go Sandra And a strongly worded speech at George town University reported by NPR and the Chicago D.V. Law bulletin Mizo Connor took a minute Republican leaders who's repeated demonstrations of the course for legislative Obvious could she said they contributed into a climate of violence against judges Mizo Connor nominated by Ronald Reagan as the first woman Supreme Court justice declared we must be ever vigilant against those who would strong arm the judiciary She pointed to autocracies in developing world and former communist countries as lessons on wearing interference with the judiciary Amart lead it takes a lot of integration before a computer falls into dictatorship But we should avoid these ends by avoiding these beginnings In her to recognize I beg your pardon. That was a very good line It takes a lot of integration before a country falls into dictatorship Sheer, but we should avoid these ends by avoiding these beginnings In her address to an audience of corporate lawyers on Thursday, Mizo Connor singled out a one of the judiciary Sheer last year by Tom Delay the former Republican leader in the House representatives that crook over a court We're going to come to virtual write a die case after this is my smarts that ordered a brain dead woman Terry Shival to have her life support you removed Mr. Lace said the time will come for the men responsible for this to answer for their behavior Mr. Delay later called for the impeachment and judges involved in the Shival case and called for more scrutiny of an arrogant out of control Unaccountable judiciary that some there knows the Congress in the present then Such threats, Mizo Connor said posted direct threat to our constitutional freedom and she told lawyers in our audience I wanted to in your ears to these attacks you have an obligation to speak up Statutes and constitution do not protect judicial independence people do the return Supreme Court justice said She noted death threats against judges were on the rise and that Situation was not held by a senior center suggestion. I'll be faric finish this You know that born again crazy bitch that What was the guy's name in in Atlanta? The one at the broke out of jailing shot the judge in the bailiff. Oh, yeah, yeah, Brian right? Brian something Brian London. I think it was a little darker though But anyway, she's been making the rounds now with her born again And what's the name of that stupid ass book that she was peddling and she read them all and turns out that she first off She's a crack editor a meth dough. Whatever. Now she is that he's full of crap The purpose driven life that's very good Anyway She noted this is going back to San Diego, Connor not the meth addict She noted death threats against judges were on the rise and add the situation was not held by senior all by the way that Brian Whatever that the guy's name. He was raised in a very very strong Christian family And was very active in the church before we start killing people She noted death threats against judges on the rise out of the situation was not held by a senior center Suggestion that there might be a connection between the violence against judges and the decisions they make The senator she was referring to was John Coran a bushlawless from Texas a far visit at Goy Who made his remarks last day for soon after a judge which got in Atlanta courtroom to see what I just said how he liked the Andrew and the family of the federal judge was murdered in Illinois Senator Coran said I don't know if there's a cause in effect connection But we have seen some recent episodes of courthouse violence in this country and I wonder whether that maybe some connection between the perception and some quarters on some occasions Or judges are making political decisions yet are on accountable to the public that builds up and builds up to the point where some people engage in violence Although reported by Republican and so kind of overly Supreme Court's levels on many devices It's including a Bosch and making a frequent target for criticism from the right after an outstanding She intended to be terrorized to you at the age of 75 She was replaced in February this year by the fascist the Samuel Alito who generally regarded as being consistently more conservative the understanding of the year Interest speech, Ms. O'Connor said that of course did not occasionally make politicians mad They would not be doing their jobs and they're affected. This is premise down the notion that we won't be subject to retaliation for our judicial acts retaliation like stuff like that You go Senator God we miss her already bad madly All this as much as we missed Todd Keller No way Todd you fairies killer her nine he does sound a little squishy 842 votes would you go at any Marlin's games this season? We're gonna make our thousand Josh. Yeah, we are oh yeah 42 at 1224 all the numbers all the time 15,975 for a band of pet rescue Maybe a couple of games two 17 maybe baby that's what buddy Holly said he not gone I'll pack of sandwiches move already 198 but that Alan freedom will be was very corny, but it was I don't know all right Move already one 98 if you're leaving don't let the door hit you any collective ass on the way out. Goodbye No, they screwed the fans again. I'm not cool 180 so I'm gonna subsidize these people that had to fire sale and stuck it to us for the second time Just like they did in 88 it wasn't so great and then I need so great now I hate baseball I'm not going anyway. No 119 Yes several games 60 all right There's the attendance in your first game you got 15 season ticket holders are no 60 that 75 good start I hate this pool 46 and season ticket over all the way up to 15 Billy Harris's old number Remember Billy Harris No, yeah, you do Harris even in my house where did George go right here? I knew it was a bad Well, that's right. It was a sports question. I recorded over to Josh there. That's it. Well, we see you here to him Billy who Billy Harris number 15 With Jerry even in my home and relation ad Harris and Bronco Horvath Yeah, he's can ad Harris Can the Ralph Harris are went to high school with him boy. Oh boy was he sweet anyway Harris To make major announcement. Yes, I think this couldn't happen again in a million years I have I have this in my hand right now and a story to mm Catherine Harris a whole Bad bad news for Kate It ain't so great good and in fact it's not so good for the Democrats either because she ain't gonna get it She's not gonna be the a play-out anybody but her would be unacceptable. She'd be a great candidate for the Republicans for cement You know why I know I know because I'm trying to dance and then you're Ukrainian market I can tell Paul Business But you've lost about a thousand pounds Where she wants to know what they're making down Feeling scared that must've tied in your heart She turned out to be a must She did a lot of different chords And she's no longer a must She wanted to learn from their Howard Marshall's widow She did a big old play for me to cancel it over who fell I bet when it comes to a better play Or if the flash Will have danced and sing with him By the drip and his heart's unkind map here And I was just too old So much he said to me I'm a good girl But he's fairly young and feeling hurt Because he's very sick and he's going to be good He was dance for getting away in late And when he died he had a big fun Big fun, big wheel on his face And I was just too old play for me What could he be to be a man to stay Because he made his biggest fall in And his life will never be the same Because he did so She's both on the green crunch And just as he can't when he was still And he did a big old play for me So he's pretty old, new girl I bet when it comes to a better play Or if the flash He looked at me and said to me If I'd be prepared here's our touch in that day I would be at the airport and do a little different other things I would be prepared I would be prepared 26 till 1 at 5, 26, 27, 27 I would be like a boat camp Or a man with one name A boat camp or a two My dog is 4, he's 7, he's 2 and 10 No ball games today Although we do have hurricanes baseball tomorrow But can they play like a day games for the whole Faster We have to pass his on Wednesday against the offliers We have to pass his many not tough They kick out of his ass They be Carolina 2 and a row Back to backside by each At home And on Thursday we have to really big news Marlins on deck to Marlins and the Dodgers For game of 12, 50 Thursday Which we say A right man Former sex pistols lead singer Johnny Rotten Has nothing but disdain for the rock and roll hall of fame Which is why he won't be attending Mondays induction ceremony He's going to shine him You go John The singer who now goes by the name of John Liden A period of the guest in ABC's late night talk show Jimmy Kimmel live Friday Was asked why he and his two surviving partners in the groundbreaking punk band We're snubbing the hall They never cared who we were liden Said they never bothered to correct the incredible fatal bad mistakes about our legend And legacy in their museum And up until now they rejected our nomination for three years running And now they want a piece of us Well guess what? Kiss this he said making a rude gesture All right, kiss this When I began as a sex pistol there was no rock and roll hall of fame And somebody disorganizations put on top of us Like we have an obligation them Well, it's the other way around Don't use my name to prop up your nonsense When it was first announced a group would be inducted All of fame in the sex pistols declined the honor But of course message posted on their website Course crude and lued Other inductees in the hall of fame in the Cemicle black Sabbath Wondy Miles Davis Leonard Skinner and music executives per ballford and jury marks And a sighting Or with those again the sex pistols Black Sabbath Blonde Miles Davis Leonard Skinner and music exec per be offered criminal And Sky Miles O'Brien for CNN Now get back to our camp in Harris Yeah, but there's Jack Strauss I'm the Oh, speaking with your body, what do you constipated old Cooot? Representative Catherine Harris fuel already rampant speculation about the status of her campaign For the US Senate, which is really sustainable this week And promised again major announcement about our future this week Bye bye As John McLaughlin would say bye bye The Longbow Key Republicans campaign is barely stumbling along after the revelations That she took thousands in legal contributions for defense contractor who brought to California congressman Couldn't be old Duke cutting him could it? Yes, to be And while she has had little to say about the matter many others are talking including Republicans Where to by losing the center race and Democrats involved in by the financial and political woes confronting Harris It didn't help a rumor circulated last week that Harris might not stay in the race Inner statement, Paris ignores all the speculation Notifying Republican activists at a meeting in Memphis that she was canceling her scheduled appearance Their Saturday night as I prayerfully prepare with my family Friends and advisors to finalize the strategy for a major announcement Nice we consider my candidacy for the US Senate, which is a long congress way of saying bye bye Right bye, KTV Of course, I got to have her around you and November to help fix the election anyway She says I will continue to look to our founding fathers who pursued their vision with integrity and perseverance to discern the best courts of action for the state of Florida Our nation and those double voting machines Tell a high-seat Republican strategist Rick Wilson said Harris is likely failing with sod With some advisors push me to go out of the race other time to keep running like a wishbone at Thanksgiving time But Saturday's announcement is said will make it all that much harder to cross speculation that she's dropping out While she told the AP last week she was staying in the pressure hasn't eased Wilson and other Republicans of the world that she'll bring down other candidates if she runs Oh please run pretty please run honey, not that we love the Democrats All right much, but they're sure better what you got you know not much little teeny tang like a curly hair better Like curly and mo I eight hundred and seventy one votes if we can get to nine hundred by the top of the hour we got it looked piece of cake right Yep, okay easy How about that share a talking anybody out there try again? We got a fact on it. We have a call on it. What do we got nobody knows what I'm talking about share a talking noodles, man? No, no, no carbs almost no carbs almost no calories no taste no fat You're sure little pasta sauce. I maybe chop off some of them just pepperoni would be good Those are gonna have that pepperoni sauce. This is drool the juice group and on your chin Hmm W 2 a and hole happy for him to anyway W 2 a and hello W W 2 a and hello 2 a and Yeah, I'm surprised you took a guy you're speaking You're speaking Um What are the show on right now? Let me ask you something who you call I'm calling the speaker to support after the roll gas. Do what? The radio is static Sports do they have a name? Yeah, who's on right now? What station are you calling? Lunkhead? Probably Yeah, and there's a sports show on QM right now Yeah, I think he conjures his on right now, you know who that is? Um, some asshole Who the hell? Yeah, you heard of you. Oh, yeah, he knew who I was No, that's some a hole a major a hole A hole a A hole a the hour But what a moron W 2 a and hello 2 a m Oh, good I thought the church was a bush. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. We will kill him before the day is over, please. QAM. Oh. Sure and sweet. QAM, lie 9. Sure and help you lie. Let me turn my radio down, please. Alright, I'm surprised you wanted to turn it up. When do you think? Oh, whatever. That would definitely be the way to go. Crank that maybe up in the radio too. This is Neil Roger. Oh, right. This is 5. 16. Jesus. This week I'm HBO. I think it was my problem. Did change stars on the sopranos to get a problem at the very least? Oh, what's the matter? Someone who he invugs in the sassins in Iraq are desperately trying to shake our will. We'll make up a little bit of this rubbish. No. This is a trunk, exactly. No. Did change on the sopranos to keep your mouth shut? No. Someone who he is. Hey, number 87 votes on our full. We're going to get to 9th 100 next this this this year. We're going to be really peoed man. We're going to get to a thousand day or else. How are we doing out there? We got to a thousand bucks, yeah? We're going to really bad. You need to mention it again. More does that mean? I mean, we got 180. Yeah, we got to be rude, man. You got to put your hand. And what about from the other location? We got nothing over there. No, we're he's getting a call down. And now we got 320, 320 total. Oh, somebody give me 180. What is wrong with you, man? I just got a call. Come down. I can only go down. I get down here. 3, 1. So we got 35. We got 320 now, which means we need to certainly over 500 day. Two locations. Vand number one is that the grand opening of the Vans Auto Parts, 3600 knows what's 25th Avenue Miami. You can write it when you stop in there, when you drive through real fast, register to win a thousand dollar Vans Auto Parts shopping spree. And also until 2 o'clock, the Vand number two, I guess that's where Miguel is. Yes. He's doing number two. And quarter and you can watch. And quarter of power line and summarized between US195, the Sanoko gas station. That's where the lovin' Miguel is waiting for you. This was all his idea, by the way. Not. Just a joke. No, this was all deaf side of the, okay? You're fair. Somebody over there on a West Coast. Oh, we got to do something for Neil 30th anniversary. He was going to look really bad. You know, yeah. The only good thing he did, was he was going to get Kevin back through. He's going to call himself that interview with a hero, which I appreciate because that's all we got. I mean, that's all after 30 years. Nothing. Zip that he do done. Not a sandwich board. Not anything. Zero. Anyway, they see these climate of t-shirts. They're 20 bucks a piece of benefit of Vand and per rescue and for a lot of them. And they just love us. So I'll be sure in the stop by between now and two or even go online on the Oradriss store on our website. And he even click on here. I'll be listed all the tracks that are on there, the tracks of our tears. Well, when you said 180 man, it was enough to make you want to plus. Right. It's got 320 that's not sensational. It's not like the old days when we had an audience. But I mean, for Christ's sake now and this guy, we got people calling her. What? Talk to the sports show. Yeah. Sports show my ass. Shmuck. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. You know, not that mentality, that crowd. Oh, yeah. That's a serious thing. Interesting. That's about time. The NAB president and CEO said Friday during a lunch and keynote at the American Women and Radio and TV leadership conference in Washington, D.C. Then he will pick up the baton. Maybe he'll be the cheerleader for us. Oh, former NAB had any fritz by promoting your government neutral set of rules for terrestrial and satellite video. So that XM and series don't have it on third advantage over local radio broadcasters. What a concept. XM and series really have the best of both worlds. We're sending the prepared addresses that they have Joe Costilla. They can go to the end, they have Martha Stewart. They can go to the FDC and say we're subscription services and you can't regulate this. They have to have an marketplace mode in their Howard Stern broadcast giving away free satellite radio and providing free serving to people running cars. Providing free serving, whatever that means. We are also criticized that rear as in RACOM, RAHR. Also criticized XM and series for actions he believes bypass the probation of providing locally a program and as part of their original license from the FDC. We're willing to play with all competitors but only on a level playing field he said. Level at play in field. Don't let them say crap is what he wants. Whatever. Leonard Pitz, a column on a religious right in the Seattle Times. That's not Leonard Pitz wrote in the air. Oh, my, must have a syndicated column. This is in the Seattle Times. That's shocking to you. Oh, that impact he is. He's a columnist for the hero to come up here some reason in the in the sun. I don't understand what that means in what sun. Well, I forget about Seattle's on stepson. No one is ready. God doesn't sanction your homophobia as the title this column. And open letter to die a reddit by Leon Pitz Jr. I'm writing this for Desire. She's a student, my son said senior high, where you teach business technology. A few days ago she sent me an email recounting an incident that recently happened on campus. It seems that I'm three successive days the morning announcements which are televised throughout the school featured student produced segments on the subject of gay rights. On the first day key comments from students who took the pro position on the second day came a March from a counselor who spoke only for students to respect one another on the third day came you. But that song and then came you right on work and the winners. Spitters. Spitters and the on work and then came you. You and a few students, actually one told classmates homosexuality was acceptable in the ice out of God. And other said, yes, we're on righteous. The good agrado was you invoking Sodom and Gamora and tell his students that homosexuality was wrong in court of the Bible because God ordered humanity to multiply which gay couples cannot do. Desire was to put it mildly. Ah, upset. Oh, there it is. Can't believe it. That's a good song. Yes. Desire was to put it mildly upset. In the emails she accused you of bigotry and what it how it gazed do and could ever again feel a sure to fair to human in your class, I tend to agree. She also suggested that you crossed the line between church and state and accusation about which I'm more conflicted. I'm not. It seems to me that there's a difference between proselytizing for religion and explaining how one's faith is influence one's opinion. You're entitled to think what you think no matter how stupid it might be. But I'll leave those questions for others to parse and I've biggest frustration lies elsewhere. Put simply, I've headed up to here, up to here like Brian Cox, with the moral hypocrisy and intellectual constipation of Bible literalists. The moral hypocrisy and intellectual constipation of Bible literalists. The God squad, which I mean people like you who dress their homophobic up in scripture and system with sanctimonious sincerity that it's not homophobic at all, which is the past determination to live according to what the Bible says. And never mind that the Bible also says it's disgraceful to a woman to speak out in church and that if she has any questions she should wait until she gets home and ask her husband. Never mind that the Bible says the penalty for going to work on Sunday is death. Never mind that the Bible says the man who raped the virgin should buy her from her father and marry her. I'm going to speculate that you don't observe or support those commands, which says to me that yours is a literalism of convenience. A literalism that is literal only so long as it allows you to condemn what you'd be condemning anyway and takes no skin off your personal backside. Ask. Ask such. Your claim that God sanctions your homophobie as the moral equivalent of flip Wilson's old claim that the devil may even do it. You resemble many of your and my core legionists who spate so often expresses itself and that obsessive focus on more or too hot button issues and seemingly nowhere else. They're so panicked that the thoughts of somebody might accidentally treat gay people like people. They run around like chicken little screaming, the homosexuals who's coming, the homosexuals who's coming. Meanwhile people are admit and happily just strong out in Miami, starving in these years, sex slaves in India, and ass murdered in Darfur, where's the Christian outrage about that? About all of these things. Just once I'd like to read a headline that said a Christian group was boycotting defeat the hungry, or marching to house the homeless, or pushing Congress to buy the poor with healthcare worthy of the name. Instead they fixate on keeping the gaze in their place, which makes me question their priorities and their compassion and their faith if you love me feed my sheep for the record misreadic the Bible says that too. But look, not in the course you know whether it's sheep or they were in a broke back book as louder. That's right. That's what those guys were doing up there. They weren't doing a hanky spanky. They were feeding the sheep. They were hurting them and feeding them. Let me sheep. Bad movie. Oh God. Please see crash do not see. I don't care how many fags give you so many of them some of broke ass mounting. It's bad man, it's lame. I'd rather watch birth and gods in both again five times than watch a broke ass mounting. And I still got that CD in the room and the other hour of it you watch it. I won't. Oh no thank you. 999 votes. C.P.C.K. for that thousand. No problem. In fact we're going to get to a thousand an a before to a clock on the dollar side for the a nine to Pembre's. Easy. Now. I don't hear a jive. He's a. On the. On the. I said we're going to get to a thousand votes and a thousand dollars by two a clock. I sure hope so. And Josh because it's destroy a kind of good guy as he said whatever the shortfall is so make up the difference. That's right. He's got a right. Okay. You send another check. You're right. And won't be any good. But he's right. I can't tell you where he's going to write it. Back to nine hundred nine votes. When you go to any Marlon's games this season. What do you say come on let's have some Marlon talk. We love the Marlins. They suck. They used to be good when it had some guys that everybody knew who they were. How much did Josh still even though half the players on the team anymore. You worked there for like how many years. I did the game for four years for long excruciating years and now he would know those guys from mushy public even on forum. I wonder if they're going to be selling home and tax. Newsy ball game. Where's that game? Are they playing today somewhere the Marlins? They must be. They don't know. They're in the great fruit league. They play this. But every day. Oh, they they do. But I don't. I don't think they have a game today. Well, let's let's make one up. It's already 12.53. We're three minutes past. Okay. You're right. Here comes. Oh, man. We love those more. There it goes. Let's bring George back. Come on. I'm not going to have that day van boring out of my gut. I got a minor little league team now. Little league announcer. They got that Foxy Rossy guy. He's okay. And then the guy and TV. Oh, now now he's starting to see water sheets at the top level. Now that guy. Now he's starting to fight his level like the American Legion or a little league baseball. What's his name again? The guy and TV. Rich Waltz. Rich Waltz. Waltz. You know what he's best known for? Rich Waltz? The Waltz? No. He's best known for that famous line in the movie. Well, let me tell you something. My crum. Nick friend. And find in that horse's head and his bed. Jack Waltz. 913 votes. Would he vote any Marla game this season? Maybe a couple of 236. Maybe baby. Probably not. I'll pack him a sandwich. Move already. To 11. Pack him all sandwiches. macaroni and cheese too. No, they screwed the fans again to 05. By the way, I forgot it. Len isn't it? Len? Because my anniversary was on Ask Wednesday and they must be Len. Must be. Yeah, if it's Wednesday, it's never the 10th or so. If it's Ask Wednesday, it must be a meet the press. I'll go ask a cat liquor. He's a good cat. Look, Tim Russell. Sell out. They screwed the fans again to 105. I hate baseball. Well, won't go 132. Yeah, so I'll go to several games 65. I hate this pool 49. Season ticket holders stuck on 15. 15, 913. Both. 1.6% of this audience. Season ticket holders for the. I bet you we got more panthers. Season ticket holders. And of course there's almost none of those. What do you think? Uh huh. That's counter. Now, sir, sir, maybe we'll do a pre-poll tomorrow before the regular pull. We have the one goes a long time. Right. So yeah, I'm just a quickie. Find out how many heat season ticket holders we got. How many dolphin, which of course is it's a loaded deck because it often's got like 80,000 seats to fill or 75, whatever it is. Right. So it's, you know, plus they actually have several thousand. These, these in ticket holders. Maybe we should leave them out. I'm gonna put it on there. I think that's an excellent idea. Find out how many panthers season ticket holders we have. And how many marlins do you, which so far it's only 15. 15, I got it. It could also right behind the plate. Would there, great view of the action only blocked by Barry Bonzass? How many to Bobby Bonzass rule over his grave now? And maybe that's why he croaked Bobby Bonz. There was a classy guy, you know? Wouldn't he be ashamed and embarrassed? Simon, so you know, you want to, you don't want to face up, man? Who, who should have a slime ball, bad guy? I still worship him. I, you worship him. You're obsessed with Barry Bonzman. To greater plurver, that's what it's all I'm gonna say. Ha ha ha ha ha! Oh my god, greatest player ever. He was no Jim Primewiser. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. That woulda do put the bowling basket. That woulda do put the bowling basket. That woulda do put the bowling basket. That woulda be do. So three days before we put the balls into the basket. That wouldw it's a ball in the basket, that's what he do. We put the ball in the basket, that would he be do. That woulda do put the bowling basket. That woulda do put the bowling basket. That woulda do put the bowling basket, that woulda be do. That woulda does he put the ball in the basket. That $38 give the ball in the basket? That won't he do do do do it, or do he want to? That what what he does he put the ball in the basket. That, just what he does. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That's what I do. Ah, yeah, I'll put that what he do. They put the ball in the basket. The situation is put the ball in the basket. He puts the ball in the basket for the organization. That's my take on how what he do. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That's what I do put the bowling basket. That would I be doing. That's what he's doing here. It's the ball in the basket. What do you do? What the ball in the basket? Three, four, seven, two. What's the ball in the basket? That's what he do. That's what he do. That's what I do put the ball in the basket. That's what I do. It's I want to do. The old Mosla. UK troops coming home is called the Sky News. You are watching for Murak's Sky News. Of course not. I don't know. Good. Of 10th of Britain's troops in Iraq will be coming home in May. Defense Secretary John Reed is told MPs through members of the movement is by 800 and 4 provinces in the south of Iraq. The cuts come because of improvements in Iraqi security forces itself. Oh, yeah, for things are going so well. Iraqi troops will be more things for themselves, he told Sky News, even bathing, maybe. The cuts are significantly in step on the way to troop pull out he had it, but most of the Red stress Iraq was not ready yet to take control of its own security. That would be SS soon province by province, he said. Scottish National Party Defense folksman anghenous Angus Robertson welcome to move hopefully it's the beginning of a significant military pull out from our left. We can only hope and pray for everybody. It's all out. I want to kill each other and let them have a good time. Paul Krugman writes about on his, I have been just, you know, something I have got pepperoni juice that I have been doing to the side of my chin. I'm serious because I've been just salivating weed to redist by Pearl Krugman, the white's man in New York Times today. It's time for some straight talk about John McCain. You a lot of you people out there think John McCain is something that he's not like a moderate, crap like that just because he's got that tumour on his cheek or whatever he's not forget about it. It's time for some straight talk about John McCain writes Paul Krugman. He isn't a moderate, he's much less of a maverick than you think. And he isn't a straight talker. It claims to be. Mr. McCain's reputation is a moderate, maybe based on this former opposition of the Bush tax cuts. In 2001 he declared, I cannot and good conscience of order tax cut in which so many of us of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us. But now, at a time of huge budget deficit and expensive war, when the case against tax cuts for the rich is even stronger, Mr. McCain is happy to share our benefits on the most fortunate. He recently voted to withstand tax cuts on dividends and capital gains and actually it will worsen the budget deficit while mainly benefiting people with very high incomes. When it comes to foreign policy, Mr. McCain was never moderate. During the 2000 campaign he called for a policy of rogue state ruleback and anticipating the Bush doctor and the preemptive war unveiled two years later. Mr. McCain called for a systematic effort to overthrow nasty regimes in the state post-Nolivan threat to the U.S., a single out Iraq, Libyan North Korea. Mr. McCain's aggressive use on foreign policy and is express willingness almost to commit U.S. ground forces overseas explains why he in act towards W. Bush was the favorite candidate of neocon punished like Bill Crystal of the weekly standard, the anxious William Crystal, should only rot. What Mr. McCain, like Mr. Bush, have found some pretext for invading Iraq, will never know. The Mr. McCain still thinks the world was a good idea and he rejects any attempt to extricate ourselves from the crime mark. If success requires an increase in American troop levels in 2006 he will last year that we must increase our numbers there. He didn't explain where the overspirits U.S. military supposed to find these troops. When it comes to social issues Mr. McCain, who once called Pad Robertson and Jerry Falwell, agents of intolerance, met with Mr. Falwell late last year. Perhaps as a result, he's now taken positions from the religious right. Most notably Mr. McCain's spokesperson says that he would assign South Dakota's extremist new anti-abortion law. He would assign it. The spokesperson, person one on the state that Senator would have taken the appropriate steps under state law to ensure the cases of rape and incest were excluded. But that attempted qualification makes no sense. The South Dakota law has produced national shock waves precisely because it prohibits abortions even for victims of rape or incest. The bottom line is that Mr. McCain isn't a moderate. He's a man of the hard right. How far right? A statistical analysis of Mr. McCain's recent voting record ranks him as the Senate's third most conservative member. What about Mr. McCain's reputation as a man for it? This comes from the fact that every now and any seems to the fairs independence from the Bush administration as he did not push him through his anti-turture bill. But a funny thing happened on the way to the Guantanamo, President Bush, when signing the bill, a friend of the statement that in the fact that he was free to disregard the law whenever he chose. Mr. McCain protested that there are apparently no hard feelings. At the recent South Dakota Republican leadership conference, he effusively praised Mr. Bush. And I'm sorry to say this is typical of McCain. He once in a while he makes headlines by apparently defying Mr. Bush, but he always returns to the fool even if he abuses he rarely gets continuing to bathe it. So here's what you need to know about John McCain. He isn't a straight talker. His flip-flopping on text cuts his call to centrifly don't have to erect. And his endorsement of the South Dakota anti-evotional disloyal even while timming he would find away around to that legislation central provision. Show he's a politician as slippery and evasive as well. George W. Bush. He isn't a moderate. Mr. McCain's policy positions and Senate votes don't just place him right to the end of America's political spectrum. It takes him to the right wing of the Republican Party. And he isn't a matter of at least not when it counts. When the cameras are rolling, Mr. McCain can sometimes be seen as striking a brave pose of opposition to the White House. But when it matters, when the Bush administration ability do whatever he wants to mistake, Mr. McCain always toes the party line. It's worth recalling that during the 2000 election campaign, George W. Bush was widely portrayed by the news media both as a moderate and as a straight shooter. Mr. Bush has said, fool me once. Shame on you, fool me. You can't get fool again. Happy duty, Paul Krubba, just rip it in the ass to John McHanus. So what a fooling he's been doing. And I always told you about that Jack ass. That's what a big cheek. He ever turns to guy with big cheeks. Now how are we doing? It's been a big cheeks out there in our big, uh, three, eighty, five. It's all that vibe come from. Is that a tip? tip. Yeah. Little extra. What is that? Some of the extra. It does make for my seat of number. There was 16,200. You could have heard maybe I would have done like the way some guy would have heard the extra five bucks. I don't know. So we got 16,200. Not even 400. We're not even going to get to 500 if you people don't get with it. Here it is again. See this is what I hate about doing this stuff. It takes a ball or valuable time of thinking important calls like this one. WQAN. Hey, the way. Yes, sir. I found that Sherrapaki. Where you in here? Here at the Gateway Shopping Center in Fort Waterdale in Sunrise Boulevard. Wow. I had a jet of market there. That whole cooler full of it. And it was a buck 50 for eight ounces. And how is it? Well, I haven't tried it yet. I'm on my way home. The only thing that worries me direction say drain water and car boil for two to three minutes before use to reduce the authentic aroma of Sherrapaki. Right. So I'm a little curious what it smells like. I just want to put it on. Don't take a whip. You'll feel a lot better about eating it. But I'll try it. It comes in and a bag with liquid in it. And you and I'm going to try it tonight. Now called them on like, you know, we know tomorrow. Okay. Thanks, family. They're like you. Okay. I hope you're still alive. Yeah. A lot of things. Yeah. I mean, you might want to eat it, but don't smell as well. First. Here's the deal. We got two van hits going on. Today we can't even get 500 bucks. How do you cheap bags? You know what? What's wrong with you people anyway, huh? You really want to just push one of them. One of them doing pretty good. The other is that one of the one that's in Elco. This is, well, Miguel, yes, son of a, oh, you tell me how much we got at the other one. Fauty dollars. I think you're full of sure talking. How do you like that? Hey, man, I speak to some of them letters in there. I'm not complaining before. I don't know how to chew. He never passed it. register while you did it when a thousand dollar advanced auto part shopping spree go buy and see uh... what's his name is out there rollie rollie fingers would have big handlebar must ask rwater and finger rollie and then number two corner of power line and summarized between u.s. one i.n. ninety five at the center of the state news media with a two-in van just pull right on in here and throw a whole bunch of money send me some of them uh... vestive uh... those but uh... uh... and even kittic for a long-term three hundred eighty five bucks and our ten minutes and that's pathetic garland feisty laughing i did more than that that was something else we would involve in that that was a well i would be in a special baby the garland feisty but was freezing man freezing cold yet by the ball that uh... if you mean did i show up yes yeah we're going to this day i regret it time we didn't bring a one of you working over there for a bunch of the it's i remember the stairs were sinking into the muck you know i'll throw in a middle of the muck and myer boy we've been sent to some really great joins or what i remember one time the fundraiser and a girl i can't make a i was just thinking that you put it for my break right and it was like for a Sunday morning brunch at about nine thirty or ten of about nine thirty or ten of the like a part of the road there was nobody awake there was nobody was on the Sunday morning everybody's not so like three four in a morning getting plastered and getting laid and it's a ten o'clock in the morning there was nobody around for the rest of the restaurant was unlike a side alley on the main thoroughfare was all the way with people having their Sunday brunches and the sidewalk cafes and we were like in a back alley somewhere hidden away from the public and of course nobody came back this is what sales people do to you and i can see that that we got that new sales manager Chris Jones man from mowersy from hunger from Tennessee where we're all they could all go to the area excuse me he's really got these bastards on the only the only one one is the branch once he's taken care of us the rest of the people we don't hear squad they're busy squatting what they're doing maybe they're after because you look for new job you're right on the brink look at that speech is going to see steps up to the podium we are going to all that and here's kerosolips again lickie lickie lickie lickie lickie all my god or tongue is got gangrene she could she could chop that baby off and soak it in listerine and it's still what i've gangrene how do you like that kerosolips her and dina bash put them both on the same put them on a space shuttle one i definitely won't get out of the get off the ground and come crashing straight back down god dina bash i don't see her more or more on ludes and she under anymore i don't know he may have just had her reassigned like to the buti or someone who was it on last week i'll tell you yeah still i'm saying he might have like said get that get that struck and head off of my show already that bush suck up all the show what a good move that would be maybe she looked at ricky tiki sancha twelve minutes after where they could all go off with rita cost me to find those missing your co-eds a what comes to mattresses there are a lot of gimmicks the latest are so called sleep numbers otherwise known as air mattresses the only warranty for two years they squid they pop they can lose their setting to the cost of your arm and a leg if you really want a high quality brand a mattress at last you for a years and years for almost ever and call my good friends at dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress like i've been doing for many years myself when you call 1 800 mattress you get no run around number show room shenanigans no pepperoni juice grip and down your chin just back to your prices and the best brands you know and trust and when you call 1 800 mattress you pick from florida's largest inventory of surdough ceeley simons king who i'll temporarily turns in partially who had already for same day library prices lower than so called big name change stores even during those supposed big sales so call for the best you all away around 1 800 mattress and the library that bed the date and time you want to do our library window that you pick out has convenient for you all the you can make you a good one a few hours including we are satisfied customers you ought to be to call today 1 800 mattress or log under the website mattress dot com you can be sleep at like a baby as soon as the night if you make that call right now 1 800 m a t t r s leave off the last is because it stands for spandex cans there And the way you've done, you've hit a free hand, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong, so strong Okay good, 18 at 5.60 WQM Clinton advisor look out here comes Al Gore here comes Al You know excited about that if you saw this photograph of him on the rosterary on this page He looks so gay like an old troll man. I here is a fat fat and gay like an old troll I wonder what Tipper was thinking about this picture? On as your president The security of our nation depends on the advance of liberty and other nations Oh there you go, what are we gonna get some back? Like your completely refurbished P.O.D. on vehicle Al Gore seems to be positioning himself to Hello recluten his left and greener than John Kerry for a run for the 2000 maybe he looks a little green in this picture Maybe got some bad pepperoni For the run of the 2008 democratic nomination for president kind of his little pepperoni juice dripping out his left side of his chin It's slow about well read real like Al Gore rise former built-in advisor Dick Morris is nothing but a turncoat and a syndicated column today Dick Morris The former vice president is slicing attacks on the administration is stalwart opposition to the Iraq war Leaving without the complications and complicities that will devil Clinton that she seeks to appeal the unforgiving left of the democratic party And Gore maybe a man whose time is coming as party it was he who wore to climate change in printed finance consequences Hurcane Katrina was just a fulfillment of the prophecies Gore wrote about his late 80s book Earth into balance He has been an energy conservation nut for years and his obsession with alternative story will play better and better It's become to realize how our addiction so well as others to dependency on the viewers of this particular drug Iran This is the Saudi world family and Hugo Chavez the Saudi world family man all brother what up bunch? The democratic faces angry goes defeat in 2000 was a swage by the worst carried a fee of 2004 The idea that he was an incompetent candidate and replaced in democratic iconography by the idea that he was cheated on the presence He which of course he was the hiatus his heel his reputation with in the base much the same way the negative rap on Nixon for losing in 60 was Amid your rate of by the gold water wipe out a 64 History indicates that candidates who want to pop at a vote for lost in the electoral college have all come back to win revenge and subsequent elections all of them How do you like that? How do you know Jackson she had an 1824 one and 1828 remember that? Robert Cleveland she had an 1888 triumphed in 1892 Samuel told him in one of the popular vote in 1876 never ran again, but he dealt away the White House in the deal for they would draw a federal troops from the south allowing the cook-clogs plan to take over And they're still around they're still still doing their thing with the without the sheets Try and I did I forget to ask you about that big number average and we got like 600 now we got five ten Five ten yeah All right, so that's a little step up huh you have a look on the bright side here. You're so I don't know you always say it like with the What do you want from these bastards? I'm not gonna buddy. So any money? They're not gonna cut loose with any cash There was a fiction up there roof and they're pool and they're patio and there Fences and they're driveway and they're in their house Do you have any idea how long it's gonna take before people actually get there and then of course we got hurricane season coming in just a couple of months right and they right maybe one November So you better get with them now get everything fixed real fast because boy it's nasty scene so these people don't have time or money for us At least that's what they would tell us of course in a meantime if they got a pool in a patio how come they can afford 20 bucks for poor abandoned dogs Oh, I can't pack you anymore My nine Well, we can't make any long distance calls out of the building and I'm not sure why but we can't You can't make any long distance calls out of the building that includes the tax machine. Want to hear the sound of making yeah It's just doing that fast busy thing oh Oh We have five fifty Well cheese About that I said that would it more enthusiasm That's better see if you if you be more enthusiastic and so negative it these people will all zoom over there to that Sonoko with her now how much of it is coming from that advanced auto parts appearance The same as I said last time 40 a threat 40 40 40 See you're you're just embarrassing me with it. Is that the last one those deals? Because you you can tell the lovely Miguel and I'm not doing those no more. Okay. I'm not I will not do that on the year. Okay I don't know what I'm not going to do this embarrassing. Oh, it's humiliating. Okay It's embarrassing enough to work on his radio station except on payday, but I mean God 40 bucks Now where the hell is that North West 25th Avenue Miami do we have any audience over that area? Oh, of course not Like last week evening one on flaggers three for Christ. They son of Kai Ocho Uh-huh And how did we I gave you all yeah my mom? I'm not in say to you you take a personal mouth. Okay, you know everything is personal talk about paranoid up tight 900 of the votes though on the poll and Bush is still After the bombing most of Raki saw what the perpetrators is that this attack Oh There's no hope Anyway, well you just saying about the you're not going to do that to me anymore, Miguel. I'm not talking to you I'm talking to whoever whoever is involved in setting up all these scams Using and abusing me. I'm just not going to do that no more if you want to set up on it's you know That's either got a possibility of somebody showing up and get some money for us there. That's fine If you want you know in fact if you do those doing this for shows It's kind of nothing to do with me. They they they they're not they have nothing to do with a show Am I right about that? I'm sure that right? So what what they'll they keep doing this to me for? Do it between two and four with both. Followed a lot of people out there. I'll threaten to kick her ass I'll try to step on them. I'll show up out there. That's his crowd anyway there in 25th Avenue Miami. I don't even know where the hell that is over yonder Southwest West of the where you are Yeah, or Northwest 7th Avenue so 18 blocks west of there. Well, say is God You get your idea of mine You crazy or what Anyway the other one is that this where we want you to go. Okay? I can't even any I'm not gonna say anything quarter a power line and sunrise That's where the Sanoko gas station is between US 195 you'll see the Cuban vending if you want to help us out find it Not that's okay. We understand you're cheap. You don't care about the dog. Don't care about me Don't care about the show. Don't care about George Josh anybody don't care about for a duck the puppies Little puppies little kitty cats. We had birds The ones that are probably transmitting the flu WQ and a QAM hello WQ and hello Hello, Dale. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. I just came back. This is a PR for you a little lot promotional with that since the fabulous tape I just picked up over here and I'm really Yeah, okay WQ and What do they're wow QAM hello Hello, man oh, no, yes, sir They asked anybody who's been five years in a prisoner or war camp No grounds being a president exactly. I think the next time he comes to Florida. We should vacor act. What do you think? Okay, sounds good to me Time again is a real pain. Okay. I think I think maybe he spent too much time in acting. That's this guy's got a good point It's certainly effective the side of his head. Of course. That said. Yeah, I then shouldn't make fun of that Exactly, it's a two more on this cheek away by this What about he is a pain in the ass. I'll tell you that I damn 902 votes by the time we come back from the break we'll have over 600 bucks to raise for a ban in Paris You today and we'll have over a thousand votes on the pool. What's not to like? I think we can go home at that point. Don't you Make sure as somebody I know would say mission accomplished I'll tell you what you're talking for shoes where you can accomplish that mission real real easily And that's a brandy shoes in Pompano Beach for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes Brandy's is the place, baby They carry a humongous unmancipal selection of all the top brands in a shoe business rock port for or shine echo No, this though essay as new balance What's not to like and a brandy's you can be damn sure you're always gonna perfect customize video favorite comfort shoe as for Arnie He'll take a care of you and you took these the pros of Brandy's Even specializing wide width as well for those of you with big fat in bursting feet So Brandy's is worth your trip from just about any place in town. Don't forget it's unbeatable comfort style fit better when solution Think brandy shoes the 12 million or federal highway pop at Obeats brandy's open every day the week Monday to Saturday to line and every Sunday till five and every week they got a special for it Assuming more cash this week It's a great 10 by four shines at Brandy's in a free belt. I did over 25 bucks when you buy pair of four shines shoes and some great savings on ladies shoes as well So be sure to get your butt in the store this week at Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website brandies shoes dot com New This is five 16 We under banana republic baby only in Miami From the creators of the apprentice. What do you think you can find it's hillbilly apprentice? We could save lots of money our whole family could share one toothbrush We can tell us on eBay hey, it's all 12 is only got nine teeth and you know made teeth to change the back I just Molly Oh Grandma's I can't live with off my sister got up grandma. He's got two of them. We can sell grandma's dober I can't live with off my two Ill Billy apprentice Hey, and it's nothing like it. I think we can raise a lot of money for a band and pair rest you might just haven't Oops, I said let me be judged can do it Seek around a building when nobody you're likely to night and steal a bunch of stuff Lot of like a lot of the old member of valiant stuff and they will sell it on eBay All right, all right, I'll work okay Thousands rebots and the pool we got that mission that's taken care of Mission accomplished there much better than one that your president claims you accomplished and on the Cash raisin from we got 660 Oh, what's wrong that that's not so awfully bad too bad if you'd have pushed it more we got into a thousand We got a half hour to go Let's see 75 and carry a one four 16 thousand four 75 is what I'm looking at right now And we go wait right till two o'clock a two-hospelet a two-hospelet over to Taco Bell Oh Here's the ideal if it's done the allow not make say different for while CNN is showing your bush From the house there the appearance understood that if they failed just keep repeating the same old crap Over and over and over again if it didn't work good first is still gonna work to fool me once That liberal Democrat potential White House contender Russ fine gold says He proposed sentry and president Bush for authorizing domestic eavesdropping and since the White House misled Americans about its legality The president is broken law and some might must be held accountable to the opinion interview Absolutely correct a censure resolution would simply with school to presence been used just once in US history against Andrew Jackson 1834 Now remember what Andrew Jackson one What a 1814 took a little trip Senate majority leader Bill fixed Right wing fanatic of Tennessee called it proposal a crazy political move that would weaken the u.s. during wartime all Every always the same excuse nine eleven and wartime the war on terror the war on terror The five days resolution to be introduced in what today Contend said bush violated law went on his own. He set the up the eavesdropping program within the NSA in the month following 911 But a week for the book put about And it goes now already told you about that I thought maybe it was like something new and exciting good old Russ fine gold good Jewish boy from Wisconsin man What do you think about that I think centers uh Crack crap is what it is. Well, you know in pieces the way to go right 20 Iraqi and police The flag our finger at him. Oh, woo that'll stop and shine nickel's rights port deal question. What is the White House still hiding President Bush after watching is already a little approval rating take a dive because of his misunderstanding of the issue Once memories of the controversy about what the divide ports rose in run six east coast ports to fade away fast Uh-huh Republicans in Congress what are where that severe damages been done to the public in person at their party A serious about actual security want the controversy to go away See there are only serious about one thing and that's how much money they can rape how much money they can no squeeze out everybody like a sponge They're raping and including and the plunging and whatever they're in and whatever Democrats in Congress punched drunk on the experience of actually pervading and a standoff for the White House appear to be quite willing to pop the champagne corpse into clear victory and a Washington press score that loves neat little stories with beginnings and ends Even at the end of this case takes the former flourish mud an essence by the UAE firm that would shift control of parts of New York and other major cities to the US Entity is more than willing to bend once more to the world of official Washington But the one member of Congress who just can't quite quite go with the flow Perhaps because of his past race with conventional wisdom was so frequently put him on the right side of history is not letting go US representative little Dennis Kissinich The Cleveland Democrat and those are the thing or two about ports from his days as mayor of a big city on Lake Erie in the days when great late sports We're still going strong Is now wanting to pretend that all the issues raised by the administration's attempt to sneak through approval of a move that would have shifted operational control of six ports to the by ports World would have been settled The port deal is not dead says percentage much as they would like to Congress must not allow this administration to sweep the center of the road Congress must fulfill its constitutional duty and provide aggressive oversight of this illidby's and misguided deal Congress must continue to investigate this deal of insure similar deals which put the security of our nation at grave risk could not happen again And of course the fact that probably it's not a done deal is the fact do buys inviting operative come over and do a bunch of shows over there Maybe they just like the Oprah show you think that's what it's all about all who does it right anybody with a brain Who's sinister ranking Democratic member of the House government reformed some from any national security emerging threats and international relations has invoked the House's little He was resolution of inquiry procedure and an attempt to force the Bush administration to turn over documents relating to whatever security We view was conducted with regard to the port deal specifically Who finishes demanding that the White House and the Department of Homeland Security turn over to Congress one all documents in their position Regarding the December 13 2005 postcard until the coordination center document materials which could show that the Bush administration had been informed of security Can concerns regarding the UAE firm a two All documents in their position regarding discussions between the White House and Dubai force world Relaying that the committee and foreign investment process for approving the acquisition materials which could show that the administration Work with the UAE to help advance the deal and three all documents in their position regarding discussions between the White House and the Carlisle group between October 1, 2005 and March 2, 2006 materials which could shed light on whether the presence enthusiasm for the port deal Might have been stoked by contacts with international business interest with which his father remains closely associated for your father for your father How far will customers get with his demand for documents from the White House that is Never forthcoming when it comes to cooperating with Congress that depends in large part on his fellow House Democrats and on those scared House Republicans And we're so busy claiming to the cameras that they wanted to get to the bottom of all issues raised by the port deal Underhouse rules. What I'm remembering to do is to address those you have inquiry must be taken up by an appropriate committee In this case the House Financial Services Committee within 14 legislative days If the committee which of course has a Republican majority votes to squawse the resolution then the White House is off the hook That's likely to happen once House Democrats pick up percentages call and make it up noise to keep the issue alive Unless they keep poking loot dogs in the jals If Congress ran as it should this would not be a partisan issue and past members of this presence Part often demanded accountability from the executive branch But in this almost fully dysfunctional Congress that would be party Only United Democratic demand will give percentages important initiative a chance I'm fortunately House Democrats intended to put the little of the intellectual for some time now So co-stentage again could be left in the unendiable position of having to wait for history to approve him right again Just like he was about to work for some of the other things Visible short guy would have bad wig and no personality, so what chances he got? What's up with those teeth? What's up with those teeth? We've got a band teeth to anybody else's Yeah, or a speed You either want to so we're talking about feet Okay, but where the hell is that? Oh, I know what I'm looking for out where the hell is that thing? My desk is in oh He's a little guy hiding the funny look. I was worth it 1,000 and 13 votes on the poll the marlins man. Now they're gonna be blaming me It's the hoppers fault. It's the Rogers fault. It's George's fault because he don't like sports no first place It's Josh Curtis fault because he ain't working in the team no more He jumped off the band wagon So what do we got a new number is that coming after the break? That'll be coming after the break. I can't wait. I'm on pins and needles for the searchers man And tomorrow we're gonna get an update on it. Sure. Talk ya. I just don't know what's going on here to last you know We had that big blast all right to be honest with it was no big deal. You know the 30th anniversary. I don't know what I was expecting Yeah, I expected a little something There is needles and pins by the searchers about 63 a shower 64 63 64. I was right on very close I covered my ass I don't know what's expecting but it's you know, I think soft floor today where where where where was the love? We need motor come out where was the love? Yeah, I did just it just ain't there They shot their load of love last week and whenever the was would you go wins then I was it? Which member that's up at the montones the load of love the bucket load of love now you watch it You're gonna load it under the back of a pickup truck and run out of the middle of the Everglades and they're gonna be seen no mole And Joyce is gonna be Joyce is gonna be like a driving in January. We'll be driving Trump on.<|fi|> wait nice job in Wakeo, Janet I saw that was also in the biography thing about David Koresh Now granted he was crazy that a bedbug and so wrong in his followers, but that was a beautiful job big on there right The ATF and Janet Although we will give her high marks for the alien away they finally got his answer out of there nice college, Janet you go boy And spread of the assembly for a business we got in town in Dave County Oh, no, I need to come in. He's still got the ad right get out of here. Go get a life go play Domino's go play some fat's Domino records 20 till two QA and beach court is gone mad folks. They're crazy that a bedbug Christian and some of our colors It's madness and march all this month of beach for it. I just missed breaking their all time record last month So guess what they're gonna do with this this month right now and now extended camp forward one 50s There was always 249 dollars a month with just nine hundred ninety five dollars down plus fees with a for credit in the 39 month Please madness and march of beach forward means you must be crazy Then a bedbug if you don't take advantage of rebates and discuss up to ten thousand dollars and all new and use vehicles Now if you're not in the market yourself for new carbon of somebody who is send the rest into beach for because if they take the liberty This month beach for it will send you to an bus for sending them by that money comes from their advertising budget So won't jack up your friends price Don't waste out of this once a year event beach for its madness and march going on right now These deals are unbeatable extended camp forward for F-150s low as just two hundred forty nine dollars a month This counts and rebates up to ten thousand dollars and two hundred dollars in cash just for sending by a friend or just on stranger on a street court Hurry and beach for it is located two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163th Street West as you how I tell Paul that old Neil sent you by guarantee you will absolutely love your beach forward experience Roger's guy nine. Let me speak directly to the citizens of our country America is in decline our culture is doomed to unravel and I will do my part American fan was will face a massive tax increase They do not expect and will not welcome our nation has only one option Corruption and the drug trade our as members of Congress to support staggering tax increases Emess deficits and to fetism that refuses to acknowledge anything but failure In the coming year I will cut ethical corners and we will never strengthen the ethical standards of Washington May God bless America So anyway we got a thousand twenty five votes on the poll and time for that big an out there wichtige What a measure you can do this though, too. I don't know if he is. Listen, you guys are going to have to, you know, adjust your dietary habits in there a little bit more. Between the two of you, man, it's a one and a two is like the lowest well if you want one and a two and a two and a one and a second for it and back and for my God. I don't know if that's what he read out he's nothing to be a potty mouth but something to be like. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, what would be the other reason? I don't know. And it's guy, you think he's scratching it? I sure hope not. Good day, 95 plus 40 is 730. Okay. Well, so that's not so bad. The way this thing started, I thought it was going to be like the end of the world. I mean, it's not great, especially with two days. But obviously the first one's lost cars, 16,550. That's not so bad at all. By the end of this week, we'll be like well over 20,000. I would think I would imagine I would hope like hell. And we got a shot. I got a shot of like 21,000. Right? Right. Then he come back, where's he still gone? No, he's still gone. I don't get it. I don't get it. Like a major, like a like a plumbing situation. Go on. Oh, generally, when that's the reason that one leaves the room, they leave right as soon as they fire off that. Maybe all of a sudden, like an intestine, like a little something like that. Yeah. Right. Like during the last spot, he just got up and ran out of here. Well, if he got up and ran out, then all of a sudden nature call, like it, I mean, it's not like you can time it. You know how that goes? Yeah. Maybe nature, great called. Something that could be a two. Maybe he was a, a prozac ranch, what happened? He's a public. Hey. Yeah. God George Clinton, remember we're talking about him last week and I said, I don't know. I'm a little bit about him. I like him better now. Oh, but I, he, he, he, he, he. Something about him. It just leaves me. He's a good guy. He just kind of a dullard. He writes a column on the Humphington Post. I am a liberal. There I said it. I am a liberal and I make no apologies for it. Hell, I'm proud of it. Too many people run away from the label. They whisper it like you'd whisper on a nasty, like it's dirty word. But turn away from saying I'm a liberal and slimy, turning away from saying that black should be a lot of sitting front of the bus. The woman should be able to vote and get paid the same as a man. The McCarthy was wrong. That Vietnam was a mistake. Son of a gentleman, Carthena. Ed. And that's not him was saying that no ties to Elfad and had nothing to do with 9-11. This is an incredibly polarized time under how that happened. But I find that more and more people are trying to find things that we can agree on. And for me, one of the things we absolutely need to agree on. That's it. That's it. Is the idea that we're allowed to question the story. We have to agree that it's not on Patriotic, we've told our leaders accountable to speak up. And you come back yet or not. That's one of the things that drew me to make me feel about more. When you hear more, I would say we must and confuse to send with this literally. And we can't defend freedom and hold by deserting it at home. It's like he's commenting on today's headlines. The fear of being criticized. Maybe it was like a bomb threat or something. They're used to the, they left you sitting there. You know, all that's to be expected. Yeah, maybe the buildings on fire and you're sitting there. I can very well be. The fear of being criticized can be paralyzing. Just look at the way somebody Democrats caved in the run up to the war. In 2003, a lot of us were saying, where is the link between South and Vid Laden? What does it back have to do with 9, 11? Where is the love? We knew it was volishment, which is why it drives me crazy to all these Democrats saying, we were misled. It makes me want to shout FU, you weren't misled. You were afraid of encoded on patriotic. Bottom line, it's not merely our right to question our government. It's our duty. Whatever the consequences we can't demand freedom of speech, then turn around and say, but please don't say bad things about us. You've got to be growing up and take your hits. I'm a liberal fire away he says. So Josh court is his a wall. He's missing. Let's see is there an action or an action. He got up and he ran out. No, no, no. No, no. No, he needs to. Just like we're all brought to the field. I don't have to fire off that. That's great. You may have to get up and go in the team room and see if he's okay. He might just have like a, assuming he's in there. And well, we're at Moralswood TV. Who else gets up in the middle of a show and just walks out? He doesn't know. Not hit a little. Wow. Other people. Maybe he's got a collapse in the hallway like Beener Boy. Maybe he's trying to look an encore. Speaking of George Clooney and movies and liberals and stuff like that. Crashly. Okay. Let's get to load on this. Hey, don't answer that phone. We got more important. That's right. All of a sudden he's taking down total numbers. What would we take in that sort of one? Is you just gave him to me? No, no. We have more. We got 735. If you're still alive, that's the latest we got. Now that you've done do your uno-dose tracing. Quantro. Yeah, sorry about that. Why? I'm just going to be the most of them. Just explosive. It's just one of those ones. You didn't really want to get up from you. Oh, no. Really? Oh, I don't want to hear you. I don't want to go into all of these. Oh, god. Does he have pepperoni juice dribbling down his chin? Oh, god. Oh, god. Oh, can't leg. Well, maybe it looks like he thought it was anyway. What do we got? We got a number of something. You said we got 735. Yeah. That's what George told me. Well, what are we talking to? Rally called, but you know, why bother Rally? We feel sorry for Rally pulling man. He's out there. All by himself. Anyway, this is important stuff. At least to me, anyway, the audience could care less to where they're waiting to hear Ron call again. Ron office best picture win for crash Paul Haggis is in final negotiations. The election produced against all enemies of project based on Richard Clark's best telling memoir, chronicling the Bush administration's handling of terrorist threats. This is going to be great. It's going to be like another Fahrenheit 911. Clark former US terrorism is our offer as the ultimate insider is the kind of nation's security apparatus featuring a cast of power brokers that includes president Bush, Conga or Leezer, Donald Rumsfeld and himself. The book was published by Free Press in March, 2004 at number one on the New York Times best cell and list, fueling intense criticism over the administration's security figures, and it's decision to go to over the rack. It is unclear whether Haggis will attack on Columbia pictures hot button political drama next or sandwiching another directing project first. Either way, he will initially survive, scribe James Vanderbilt who is pending a second draft of enemies. Haggis is currently writing death in the sonner for Warner Brothers pictures which he is attached to direct. He's attached to a direct. I know I said going to the rest of the rest of the day. In this and having a best picture around here for crash, Haggis also wants to snatch went for Wayne the film's original screenplay with Bobby Rasko and earning Rasko and shout out knock yourself out. It's producing quite as also a clue that he was best picture in going to $1 million baby which he did. Paul Haggis baby, I assure that he was like flat broke but not only he's in great demand. He's doing extremely well. So when the moment come back after the last break, then we're going to have a final update. Haggis and T will be like $20,000. It looks so tough. We're in that plane. Looks like it emerged into the same size as the garage door opener. I have seen him one that looks really good and an outfit at all. Give what dad gets. Warner Brothers is good and it's good to have a good performance. And it's good to have a good performance. And it's good to have a good performance. You're a mom and a British. Where's that you? You're a good child. Let's thank you to the two of us. Shiner's feet are a goodie. And with the couch and anger, traffic is dry ahead. You and there's a car, so for him I'll bring it to a home and make a favorite. And travel through the street. Oh, she's right here. She's right here. She's still alive and trying it. She's got a little grass on. Can we got that by the way? I want to play it. You know we got it. Do we have like the original one? There we go. My�. It's right. Yeah. Oh. You're fair. Hey. So Bill Clinton had to go through impeachment proceedings because of a monarchy and a blood rest in a stain. But at the meantime, we got all these blood stains out of this prison in a sandwich based on a pile of lies. We got thorns being tapped. Mealt being open. All of these things. We got Tony, Voloni, the deals being made with countries that are like flying tanks into our buildings of killing our people. But at the meantime, maybe we've got to censure him. Yeah. Skolden. Right. You're maybe a spanking. You're bad. 146 votes. Will you go to any Marlon's games this evening? What's the final sort of by the way? I'm sorry. But I'll total 805. Well, that's not bad at all. No. See? From the depths of the sphere. I've been really moaning and puking and screaming. That's what I have to do. I get these people off there. 16,620. He's 05. What does what it takes? You know, he's got to just whip the middle of a frenzy. That's not bad at all. On a Monday, on a Monday, right after spring break when people are trying to get their lives back together again. 146 votes on a Marlon games. Maybe a couple of go through 261. I'll pack them sandwiches. Move already 242. Bye-bye. No, they screwed the fans again. 232. I hate baseball. No way. I'm going 150. Did you vote for that? Oh, yeah. That's what I voted for. Yes. Several, several. What's your disqual tomorrow, and is leaving? Yes. Several games. I hate this pool. 68. And season ticket orders. Take a look at that. Each of your hearts out there with Samson and Jeffrey Luria. 16. Season ticket orders. Bye-bye.