Join the place that the chair about black people. These eighties are back! They are! Uh-huh. And 50's funny man, Jerry Lewis is too. Are you sure? Well kind of. And now, the 50's meet the 80's to form a super group for the new millennium, into a Disney Jerry Lewis M. News. Hey, ladies! The hot-of-rock and roll, hot-of-rock and roll is still bathing with the men's records and the I.R. then Cleveland, the Reddy, which is a boy and the white woman, all those places. The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the new! The lady of the please, I like the new drug. No need those things. It is a nice man, promises tight, boys. And the white girl will die, right here tight. Hey, it's him to be square, and it's even hiver to buy something round, like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the new. Okay, so I'll give you one guess who suffered a mild heart attack. I don't know. Well, what do I just get you playing there? Oh, Jerry. Jerry Lewis. I know you slept in this morning, but let's get with it. Now, it's good to be there. I was just waiting to, uh, till you came on. But yeah, I got it. You won? That's terrible. I really believe that it's terrible. You hate Jerry Lewis. I do. You don't? No? You're the only one, then. You were Larry King. Now, wouldn't say, hey, Jerry, just he's a worn out as welcome. You know, that is true. Community and Jerry Lewis and although it is good that his head is back down like normal sizing, and that's good. Community and Jerry Lewis have always described his a mild heart attack Sunday. Today is Wednesday. So I've taken this news this long, you know, the pipeline, I guess, is slowed down. He's under hospital care and expected to make a full recovery said can be causal, uh, disposal for the Orleans hotel casino in Vegas, and ever heard of that. Where Lewis just scheduled to perform July 13, 2016 has canceled the performance. Oh, no. Oh, my God. That's true. It's up on my plans. Just like Tessio said, Lewis 80 also has a touch of pneumonia. Last week, a wise packing Lewis appeared, healthy at a news conference in Vegas, when the announced his first return live performances in five years after battle with pulmonary five roses that crippling lungy element. Oh, that's what I got. He also appeared at a farce club roast in New York on Friday. But Sunday, oh, Lewis announced last week that he tied a directive version of his hit 1960s. We comedy the nutty professor as a musical on Broadway by October 2008. Those plans haven't changed so executive producer Ned McCloud of the Michelin du Company, which bought the rights to develop the show in March. We support and will be by Jiren. Any health issue that comes up for him as well as we'll be out of the idea. It's not going to affect us. All right. So excited about that. Your president, your leader is on now. But I'm not going to let those these these incidents stay in reputation of our military. Right. Get out there. Get it out there. Yeah, that he needs a thing. And I can let that stay in your reputation. Just like me lie and all these other things. I mean, occasionally they go off the deep end a little bit. They get pissed off and fired up. They're under a lot of stress and to rest. Maybe they're popping a few pills, whatever it is. And innocent people get put here and murdered by the virtual Washington. What a photo op you. Yesterday. That's something or what? I don't want to rate photo opportunity. There's all the troops. Hey, I like that. You know, he's over there shaking hands with that Maliki guy, whatever his name is. Malachi sounds Jewish to me. Here's the result he yesterday's pool. And of course, if we would have taken this after last night's game, I guarantee you would have had a different result. When you think? Yes. Probably here's a big heat fan right here. WQAM Heat Line. Yes. I like to speak to me. Yes. Yes. For done. Yes. On the end of the morning. Good morning. I hope to know what happened with the cross over with that. We don't do that anymore. Sir, it's old news, man. Get to get with it. Oh, why is that? You must wear the one. That was pretty interesting. No. No, no, no. We ran out of things to say. We ran out of odds to give. That's the end of the same boat with the army. Have you heard of him? What do you just say? I couldn't tell you. I have no idea what he's saying. Hey, listen, when you get to be 110, it's time to take a nice nap, sir. Lay down on the dirt. Anyway, here's the result from yesterday's pool. 60. And then I think he answered his own question. Speaking of that, how old is Jerry Lewis? Is he like 100? Uh, Google it. All right. Is there somebody else in there with us this morning or not? Yeah, I'm here. So, Tommy's there. Well, don't say it like, yeah, I'm here. Because Tommy today's going to, he's going to dish all the dirt. Jerry Lewis is 80, by the way. No. That's old enough for him. Yeah. Tommy's going to reveal all the inside story about the beast and clearance and Robert Gripper and all that and guilty and all that insistuous stuff that's going on. No. Aren't you? Oh, yeah, it is if you want that Ruth Chris State tomorrow. He's right about it. Down right now. Yeah, I think about it for a couple of minutes. I know. I want it. How about the steak, yeah. 1650s V.Potes on the police. Well, we had quite a response, man. And we're going to response. We got all right today. We got that thousand-lick right now. I would say, wouldn't you? Yeah. I mean, I feel like we turned a corner here. Now, what else is the reason for that? Is that because George is on vacation? As we've let's blame him for it. Maybe it's the white hot. That is the white hot heat. That could be it. Could be the great new management team that we've got. Could be this refreshing new copy that we've got. Oh, yeah. That's, it's stator than 45-year-old Wonderbread. Oh, my God. It's just, it is so scandalous. And how did I get off on that tangent again? It's just, I can't get out of my mind. By the way, I sent two emails of very issues that I have great concerns. I asked at the morning to our general manager, Joe Bell, Rally Joe. And can I share with you his response right now? I'm dying, I know. That was it, nothing. I could have guessed that. I think. Yeah. And so did I. In fact, in the second email, I said, I know what your response is going to be. None. And I was right. There wasn't any. He said, emotional cripple. He likes to smile and glance at everybody. Hey, do you see this? Hey, I like to hear those two people on their way. That's why I say, I made sure that the transmitter is on every day when you guys show us, you know. It should be like kind of automatic. That's not the kind of thing we get too many brownie points. I'll whip up for you. You know, Joe? We're looking to see some of those other issues addressed. But Hank's got his stomach right on. I heard from a fat grapefine this morning. And he's on to what he understands the new motto of these people. You know, it's sign on the wall over there. So just give us the F and money. I'll multiply that times a hundred. Just give it, just get as much crap on ears you possibly can. We don't care about copying. We don't care about results. We don't care about servicing. We don't care about the format. We don't care about who's on first. Who's on second effect today. Oh my god. I want to go there again. Anyway, let's get back to the pool. See how you get me off there with Tommy's fault. Let me. When he started riffing on the beast there, what a phony of backstabber he is. And then what you said? What I say? Who's the biggest backstabber? The beast or a greeper? I like greeper. That wasn't a question. Well, then you got your answer. Oh, the beast. Wow. How do you like that? Yeah, what I would have said that to. At least greeper. He tells you, you know, when it kind of retard or look at his. He tells you right to your face. And then he goes in the other room and says something. Like I'm always there. When I was there, he was back in the fourth, like a Mexican jumping beat. Oh, G, if you be, you all those beast was even more so man. How much do you care about the mommy? He asked us to be for their phenomenal comeback. Victory last night. Life in death. Training by 13 points in the fourth quarter. And they made that spectacular comeback. You'd almost think I watched it when you had night and night. I could care less. How much do you care about the eight? I don't give a Schmidt six of 18. That was my vote. I couldn't care if they were behind by 155 points in came back or the other way around. 37.3% don't care at all. They don't give a Schmidt. By the way, how about those red hot marlins? Any interest? Oh. I watched some and read the results. I have 114. That's 31%. I want some. Big fan will watch every playoff game. 340, 20 and a half percent. I'll read about the scores, but won't watch any of it. 155. So you, and now this is, this is amazing. That's 9.3 percent. I'll excuse me. That's 9.3 percent. Now if you add that to, I know give a Schmidt. You know what you got? 46.6 percent. What did I say to yesterday was a sunset or result of those two categories that we don't know? 47. 47. Statistically, you can't get any title to the map. And I hate this poll only 26.5 percent. A very low number from our usually very cynical hard to please crowd. They like that poll. 47 percent. Almost half. Basically, are either indifferent or just don't care at all about the heat. Although, after last night, now they got to win. That's the first ever win in a final series for my mehive. Is that correct? That is correct. There you go. See I know a little something about it. Not too much. And a little tiny bit more than I want to when you come right down to it. You got your thumb on it. Yeah. And wait till I take it on. So the beast is the backstabbers. What Tommy says, he's going to tell us about all the evil things he's been doing. He's also going to tell us about the incestuous relationship between our program director Beast who are bunk butt buddies. And how does Goli feel about picture? What's that all about? Has he got naked pictures or something? I never realized he and your buddy, Greeper, were that tight. Well, they, uh, Greeper engineers the Panther games. And they worked on the, on the first team for, right, you know, got some years. Yeah. And he's slut in one bunk beds and, uh, who's on time? 6. 6. 7. 53 votes on today's poll. Well, it sounds like a lot of bunk to me. I don't know. It just bizarre because Roberts making out the schedule. And it must just be coincidence that that one's on every day now. And today, today's flag day. Did you know that? I did not know that. Well, now, you know, see, it's not even 1015. I'll read you learn some very valuable information. He learned two things. Jerry loses 80. Jerry loose at a heart attack on Sunday, so it's three things. Anthony is fact, flag day. I think we ought to take the day off. I agree. Let's put the president on the whole day. The area where he agrees with the critics is in the other area. 664 votes on the poll today. I think we're going to make a thousand day real easy man. And then we'll give you the results from Hazel Park. What's the best evidence there is no God? Because we all know there is only. Deal, God. Half the world is starving. 130. I think it's kind of a good point. 100 now many. About 30 men. 130. None. There is a God. Oh, you pour poor innocent people. 119. 17.9% of even this. He's an audience. 18%. See, there is a God. Oh, man. What does God look like? You think it looks like Charleston with Spanx pants? Maybe it looks like W. I'm going to meet the chef and in with God. He just talked to God. He's got that red backbone that he used to use. Commision of Gordon used to use to talk to Batman and Robin. Bad things happen to good people. 100 need. Maybe it looks like. Yeah. It could be. No one has ever seen God 102. Well, that's not what they said in the Good Book though. Wasn't Abraham always talking to God and Moses and your sheep and listen. They all had visions, man. Whether it was that burning. Maybe we're all stone. You ever stop thinking about that? God only knows what was going back there before they had just sand in there. They had to go to the good. And it didn't back there. They had the good crap. The good stuff. Like Sigourney Weaver says, that movie. She wanted the good stuff. John Lennon murdered and Michael Bolton lives. 98 votes for that. That's proof. You see that? It's good enough for me. I hate this pool 62. See, that's already way above yesterday. They don't like it. Too bad. That's right. It's nice to see you. You know, how many votes he's got? I've turned him in. She is living proof that there is no God. And prayer seldom gets answered 15. Remember how that story? If you wish to go about how people who pray people are ill, I do. And how prayer doesn't work. Well, that's because God is busy. He's got morning line odds to set. You know, basketball and he's got the World Cup to worry about. He's got to get on the batheal with Eddie King, give him the under's and the Overs and the Insian. He also has a big enough morning line odds. You've got Spain and some people will come to the nobody ever heard of. But oh boy, don't you? We're just don't you? Don't in prayer, as fainting. Oh, you craines. The rain in Spain falls mainly on Ukraine. Is that what they say? Something like that. Oh, and Spain, three you crained nothing to Ukraine, Neil. I feel like that was a score of the US team. Man, it looks to me like this baby's all over. 10 13 at 5, 16 WQM, if you love voting, who the hell doesn't? Man, it's one of the main reasons a lot of people live in Florida. Well, instead of going out and spending a fortune to buy a vote and then putting up with all the grief that goes along with that, do a smarter thing, rent one by calling ClubNodico at 1-800-Bolt-Rent. Why would anybody in the right mind want to pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle free? Join the Club at ClubNodico, call 1-800-Bolt-Rent. You'll be amazed at just how easy they can afford. They do everything. They're no docking costs, no expensive upkeep. No insurance and no hurricane preparation. With the both of ClubNodico, it's totally stress free and really affordable too, so column at 1-800-Bolt-Rent get on the water this smart way, no getting the vote ready because ClubNodico will be doing it for you. And no cleaning up either because your ClubNodico, you just top on the boat, go and have a fantastic time and when you're done pulling the dock it off and leave, just walk away. ClubNodico, 1-800-Bolt-Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go, from small boats, the archers and everything in between. All of these things. It's ClubNodico, call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and let ClubNodico take your plan if it what you need and your budget to. Get on the water today, the smartly hassle free way with ClubNodico, give a call and 1-800-Bolt-Rent. This is New Rogers! This is 516-A. If there's a buck, I smell it the former B. Oh, it's a cute wine to call the quits. They say the media cause they're dead, they're fit. But from where I sit, it's all on the run. Crazy golds, they got it. I need to see all it to be as famous as I before. But I think that one naked beauty hasn't gone. She never heard of with radio star, who'd outlifts in his car. Have a meal, are you one toast, you're not that hot? Better late, I'll set off late, never can't control, Winged present, not for years of marriage, or a kettle of golden filthy wigs. A lot of cash for someone's delicate, a bitch. Take your money, go away, Charlotte. Cos there's no freedom. Oh, I got it, I got you, so go, go, go, go, go. I heard it, you better have to me watch more the graph because you get angry. You're white, I thought you'd die. No, no, no, just leave first one for me, second one, have the milk. You're not married? I've been married for four years, I'll pay you. No way, I never do that. It's very jealous of angry, but what's that? You come to my head, you're a bitch. Better bills, are you one kilo? You're not that hot. Better late, I'm selling my league. I'm selling my league. I'm selling my league. Oh, but how about those pictures? Have you seen the pictures? No. You didn't? No. You must have been doing a rip-and-winkle last, since we last were on yesterday. You could be building a tom tree or something. You're missing everything, you're missing all the good stuff. I guess you're going to say, you wanted the good stuff. That's what I mean. We got 700 votes on a poll, before we get to Heather Remel's McCartney. 700 votes is we ought to call it a 700-club. We put on a big dripping syrupy green, you know, like Pat Robertson, oh man. Put the 800 number at the bottom of the screen, so the old ladies and keep sending their money in. What does this scam? Where do we run business? Let's start a religion. Right now. I mean, look at all the benefits. Taxed, exempt, right off the bat, whatever money... Well, that and itself is worth it. Whatever money can flee out of the suckers, it's all yours. You have to wear a bottle of sand. Secondly, you can do hanky panky with just about anybody, you know, from the cradle to the grave, from the eight, from the fetus to 110, and you'll find some rationale for it. And everything in between, and of course you walk around immediately, have respect because you're wearing some kind of an outfit. You know, some kind of a gown, some kind of a dress like the Pope and the Bishop's, you know. Maybe a big hat, big hat is always good. Maybe some sitters, like the orthodox Jews. Look at those sitters. Can we say that? Call them choice and see if we can say sitters. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. And you can put a nail on muzuza and a dead chicken on a funnier door to keep all the evil spirits out. I mean, this is the year 2006, and look at volume, these getchies are doing all over the world. That's why this poll today is so important. And when do we see what's the percent? 18.2% of you say, oh, there is a god. Right. What does that mean? Why do you, why do you just repeat things that people told you when you were child? Okay, because because you're afraid to be like out of the mainstream, is that it? You're afraid to say what you really think, like when somebody dies. Oh, he's in a better place now. He's looking down on the game and really rooting and really proud of his grandson. Just scored the winning run. Huh? You look, you hear this crap all the way. Right? Yeah. That's one of the most common. Oh yeah. He's really proud of your efforts today because you know somewhere. He's at the somewhere in a box, okay? Riding in a box. I mean, you talk about arrogance. See, this is what's going to be the downfall of the human race and the whole planet. You know, God created the animals and all the rest of the stuff for our amusement. And of course, if the animals would have written the Bible, we'd just the other way around. Wouldn't it? The animal Bible probably says, oh God created these silly people so that we can like laugh at them and do a dump on their front lawn. When you think? Nice doos. Yeah, that's right. A seduce, a trace even. And leave a couple of traces behind. Speaking of doos, the bait. Oh, there he is. The walking doos. Isn't he? Then when he comes, George W. George Bush doos. Papa was, you know, and he's doos. It's just, it's just pathetic how there are so few people who are like willing to think for themselves. Somebody told you there was the tooth there. Is anybody over the age of like 10, believe in the tooth there? Huh? It'll even be fairies, but you're fair. Like that. Sany clause, anybody over like 6 or 7 years old, they'll even sany clause? Oh, no. All this made up cock on man that divides people and breeds hatred and stupidity and intolerance. Just look at this crap in a rack man. Well, they she is and the shunies and the curds and we're even our curds in way. That's what we need to do. I would get steak today. We're eating our curds in way. Like a little miss muffin. Said under tough it. Anybody know what a tough it is anyway. I don't even know what a tough it is. I could answer that. Much less curds in way. Doesn't sound too appetizing to me. If little miss muffin, I think I'll stay away. Because she has to do with spiders. I don't know to big unspiders. Is that a matter of fact? Still not. I'm just looking at on my leg. I still got a nasty scar. Give her to spider bite. Yeah, they suck. It's got like well, it's got basically two two spots and then there's always a third one. But there's two like holes. It's like they're drilling holes in your body somewhere when they bite. They kind of get like pimples though, you know what the pus and whatnot. Man, maybe on your body. Mine I'm too old for that. I got I'd stuff happens. It's a line of her heads. That's smooth baby like skin. But in any way. I smooth as a baby. Right dome bottom. All right. But anyway, so I still got to scar on her because I was taking my garbage in one day. This is months ago to show how long these scars last. And I was taking the garbage in a garbage room and throwing it down the old shoot. And of course, you know, two lazy internal light on in there. You know, some people keep the light on. Some people turn it off because they want to save the juice. You know, the two cents a year. So I wasn't paying any attention. Of course, and I come back in a kitchen and I'm staying there. My sink and all of a sudden I feel like this. I don't know. Sometimes you feel like, but you're too lazy to look and see if there's anything there. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, when you don't expect it, sometimes you know that's right. I mean, who the house expects that some big ass spider just crawled. I'm on my leg while I was in the garbage room and I come back and all of a sudden just taking a big chunk out of my leg. Jesus. And then I looked down and I was actually was, it was such an nasty bite that it was like bleeding. Not profusely, but like in the underwins. There was like blood on the surface of the skin. You know, I mean, that's a good one. Yeah, a damn good one. Must have been big as a watermelon. And the spider too. So it anyway, the scars are still there. How do we get it all a little missmuffin? Remember her? Long came a spider and sat down beside her. While she was eating her curds and when we were just spider was hungry. Maybe as hungry when it took her chunk out of my damn leg. A boy that thing hurts too, you know. It's a nasty thing, a spider bite. When I had my second apartment in Amsterdam, the one that was downstairs and a dank, moldy, um, human basement. That was unsenthering. She'd never been lived in the first place. And then it was spiders all over the place. That's Amsterdam for. I mean, you'll probably look past it when you go there because you'd be so stone all the time. You wouldn't even notice it, you know. Pretty much. Yeah. And when I'm looking about Amsterdam, you would just stone it. He probably will get bit, but not necessarily by spider. 26 past 10 at 5, 60. I would speak under that. What a segue man. I am the best. Just ask me. Am I the best? Yeah. If you think you have turmikes in your home. I mean, these spiders, I'm a little bit probably where the spiders do. I would think. Call a ridd of pest control today for a free term. I inspection. Tell me about spiders near. They'll take a peek of those too. And squash them. They'll squish them. Ridd of pest. Have you ever really looked at the spider close? Oh yeah, I was just inspecting one this morning. No, I'm serious. Have you ever really looked at like it's because it's surrounded by all those 80 million legs, you know? Yeah. And so it's kind of like hard to see to look at it. I die. Kind of like our management. Ridd of pest control uses an amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and termites. And termites are 100% on contact. They're gone. That's an even say that Joe Bell is useless. If you do have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. It don't have to tend to your house to me. That's one of the most important things. Because a lot of these termites are fit to come and they put that big circus tent around your house. And people from like as far as 20 miles around. Your house becomes like an amusement park. They drive by and point and they're all my god. What a disaster in there. What a bunch of slabs they must be. You don't have to do that when you have ridd it come. You don't have to worry about poisonous gas. No moving out or staying in hotels. No have to worry about food or pets in your health. Because the folks at ridd it treat your home and the amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all. When they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. You'll be crawling on the walls and sniffing it. If you have a termite problem, call ridd it pest control right now. Find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs. 100% on contact gets the job done. Now's the time to do it. No 10. No BS. No kidding. Call right now for a free in a lot of it. It's inspection. Now's the time to do it before they start chewing your house to bits. Call 1-800-447-434348. That's 1-800-447-4348 when you call ridd it. Be sure to tell me a Todd Dreck to do the call. And very sooner or two. 1-800-447-4348. This is Neil Roger. What's solid? This is 516-8. Break it, children. We've got all the TV to go. We've got a group of every day. We've got a group of four dead minds of five. We've got a group of youths and sub-fusion. To be shiled and close on their reinvestigation. And all that you must know. And so they hired a curtain for us to come down. You've got to tell me who's going to be up to now. If you want to write before your eyes. I wonder how you react. I'd be discovered to be realising. That's something that's worth not hearing. And trees have borne without a reason. Both in and in groups grow and make what they train. And bring them blind and to do things that they don't march into. One day you wake up and see your dreams go. Or the other things we have in the show. Let's get back to the group of youths. The group of youths. The group of youths. The group of youths. The group of youths. The group of youths. 1032 and 560 years. You. Not sure if I like that better word. I'll play in both. All the way to a club. What have we got to do? They might ask the inquiring QA mod. They said, well, we got. Oh, my God. So Tommy says he's on a rock because Robert's got naked pictures. That's what he was talking to him. I beg you, pardon? That's what he was saying during the break. Did he really? Yeah. What's the story, Tommy? Well, you know this story. No, I don't know this story. Hey, you do. No, I don't. Well, tell the audience don't know this story. You tell him. Well, it's more of like an inside thing. That's okay. You like the inside. Don't forget that. Stay's coming tomorrow. Oh, I know. We can always give it to the beast. You don't have enough. We don't have enough time. Just give it to the team. By the way, I found something right in line with this. I just found it by accident. Amazing what's on the internet, you know what? It's just astonishing. So I googled Heather Mills and the very first thing on there. Heather Mills McCartney, you know, which he's got the naked pictures all over the place. And the lesbian, the porno movie she made all else. So this stuff all leads. She's doing it. Huh? She's doing. And anyway, keep your finger on the pulse with the gossip tracker toolbar. Oh, yeah. Isn't that something we need? That's something we definitely need. It says download now. You think I should do it? I don't think you're costing anything. Yeah? Why not to kind of stuff the audience cares about. They don't care about this, Bozo. Yeah. That they don't care about him. And rightfully so, even though he's dangerous. But at least a good divergent in perversion. Oh, wait a minute. You want to, oh, I don't want to muck you around with that. I'll do that later. You want to run this or save it to file, but it'd be, but yeah, make it easy. Make it simple for an old fart like me. Anyway, getting back to Heather Mills and Cartney before Tommy tells us about Robert Greeper into the beast and the clearance. Don't forget that. You're right about the beast. He was in there this morning because Josh slept in lady over slept this morning. So when I came in here, I was greeted by the beast. Oh, tons of fun. And it wasn't like 10 seconds before we started giving me our run down of what Hank said about Joe Bell and Neil is right in this and, and of course, I was glad to hear that because I know the Humphrey is another dumb guy, you know. He's just trying to, you know, suck at, you know. Yeah, yeah, getting good with you by giving you information from the inside. You know, stir the pot all that. Yeah, and stuck that phone. Think about George. George likes to smoke it. He likes to stir it to beast. And if I saw you stick, you know, like a little toothpick in there and just stir it. Except the seeds out. You know, anybody that's a child is in sits around for four or five hours. Are they sitting in the course you don't have to move much, you know. That's the beast in his case. You don't have to move on off a lot from that sofa. Well, you can't move. Can you really envision him getting married? I mean, you're actually always having a buddy. I know. I got, I totally got that very fancy, uh, or Nate wedding invitation. Ask me if I'm going. Are you going to ask me if I'm sending a gift? No, no, absolutely not. He's got a, even admitted this morning. Thank God for Rich Mommy and Daddy made the comment. You know, he's got no shame. He, at least he admits it. What's Robert Creeper's story? See, got a, I can't imagine he's got a Rich Mommy and Daddy. Although it's possible. What's his story? I couldn't tell you. He says being a self-hating, uh, fascist Jew. What's his story? That's his story. He did with his head up Clarence's ass. It's his shot on and on the beast also told me, Well, we were supposed to get titles and big raises, but nothing happened yet. That was the other thing you said. But you find it. Rather amusing. Yes. I got a title for both of them. Heather Mills McCartney is strange wife performer Beatle Paul McCartney is to take legal action. Or you should have seen the Toronto sunniest day. Wow. I had all the pictures in there. Of course, the sun, you know, it's a template craft that report Murdoch stuff. She doesn't take legal action over a newspaper article. Lodging she worked as a prostitute in her 20s or lawyer city yesterday. Heather is very distressed by this article. Lodgers for the former model said after the weekend allegations in the news of the world tabloid. Let me tell you right now, man. You want to know what's really going on on this planet. News of the world is where it's at. You know, and it's like those three headed monsters on the cover all the time. That's quite a template. That's the good stuff. That is the, like, you keep coming back to that again. Everyone wants the good stuff. And I know I sure want it. I see a lot of things I want. I can't have it. I can't have it. If you call the article untrue and highly be famintory, it says here there's a link. It says, watch for the whip and whip cream shots that surfaced last week. Well, yeah, I was in the paper yesterday. And then you can leave. Oh, that's great. Yeah. On a front page, it was a guy. A shot. A guy was like, looking whipped cream out of her mouth. All right. That was, actually, a better looking show us. The statement said, Heather, who's separated from her multi-millionaire husband last month is recovering slowly from revision surgery on her leg. And maybe she got a spider bite. Oh, it was amplitude below the knee after collusion with a police motor cycle on 1993. That's bad. I didn't know that. But you feel bad that we're making bad comments about her when she had her leg. Ampidated low- than knee. Don't you? No. TNK and Rothersburg, I'll tell you that. Okay. Ben, Ken, whatever name is Ben. I don't know. He's going to be okay, man. It's not football season. I'm worried about only one thing right now. That's it. That's the only thing on my mind. Morning, noon and night. He has suffered weight loss anxiety and sleeping promises a result of the stress and anxiety. The breakup of a marriage. But legal proceedings against the news paper will be deferred until her divorce edalmas concluded. McCartney 63 and Mills 38 announced their separation last month, blaming media intrusion for the collapse of an animal. I wouldn't be surprised if she's on at gossip toolbar. I think you need to get that. I'm downloadment, man. I'm getting very Georgie a lot of people are reading it and downloading it. Legalized, but believe McCartney could lose up to a quarter of a zestimate. And at one point 52 billion dollars fortunate after separating from his second wife, this would roughly equate to a million pounds for a baby to their short lived for your marriage. Isn't that a shame? He's only worth 1.52 billion. So he lost a quarter of that. That would be what? Like about 300 and some odd million. I think he could still probably scrape along. You think? Yeah, he'd be okay. 1.52 million? Not he'd be a baseless prison order, Paul. Yeah, he's looking really bad. He's a little long on the tooth. He's got a picture of him right here. Let's really sour. Looks like things are really gone. He's got the therapy face. I think what you want to start to go and sour for him? What's that? Michael Jackson. What was that song they did together? Ebony, Ebony and Ivory was at it? No, no. Who did Ebony and Ivory? Steve is one of you. Well, same difference. They did that goofy looking one when they were riding on the back of that, that hay bus. Hay bus? I'm going to get to find that wagon. And they were singing to each other and had passenger flowers to each other. Meaning it was really gay. Oh, is that what it was? Well, it's surprising considering Michael Jackson was in it. A Michael? You're fair. Paul's way too old for him? Yeah, I'm sure of that. Oh, yeah. Maybe Paul is an embryo. What have been more about his alley, so to speak? 745, oh, so already we got that thousand. I think you're right on the internet. We've turned the quarter this week. We've had a phenomenal response both yesterday and Monday. I don't know what that's all about. I'm a white hot web. Is that what it is? That's what it is. I don't think that's got a damn thing to do with it. But we sure had a lot of hosts and a lot of hits and a lot of hits. But that bee's never took them any hits. That song was Say Say Say by the way. Say Say Say Say Say say. That's what it was Say Say Say Say Say. Failure. In fact well we do I never play that drop in. I'm a lie. Pretty good. We're a pick up pie. There we go. 25, 4, 11, and 5, 60, WC. My never did finish the line up there where you like that. I got stopped at 2. I got stopped putting my tracks. Because Gellby's on it too. I could up to stop anybody stop our mole Maintem to speak. So to speak. Magog and four to six thirty enough to another tough two and a half by my suggestion to Hank is stay right there in a morning man I think it's time is Joe Dodgio will use to say it's time to play good old country hardball You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean stick by your guns, okay? They made their bed now let them lay in it lie in it lay lady lay member Bob Dylan couldn't sing as much of a paper sack I'm at the song by Bob Dylan and Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson and anyway they were doing it in a big uh Dispigled wagon Marlins on deck the red hot Marlins man how many people they had their last night See you then all say I shouldn't have put you I did I honestly I didn't even watch the game I watched the heat game. Well, what is that? You're telling me that they've been boring is since the lady and then you doing one Listen to the game on a radio while you're watching a heat game you could've done both I'll be the last of his delcentos. He does have a great voice. Yes. He's horrible Marlins on deck it's so studied the Marlins host the braves again their lab braids are in a slump I guess And Marlins are kicking ass table and three in a row now. Am I right about that? Yes, you under last two and Sandy you go in a one this one they are on their move and I think they've got 24 wins already You're Florida Marlins we great if they win like 12 in a row. They'll be like 500 no and then eddy k it's 10 through an after the ball game What do you mean they'll be a 500 what do they like 20? I don't know they're I think you're right for 2436. I believe some like that. I mean they're they're turds no doubt about it How is it that I know and and don't trust pitch tonight there's another reason to get out There's no heat game that I think I did they off to tomorrow till game four don't worry There'll be nobody there man now. We got the heat we wind that we want to play now until the two are Plots that's rewind it man play the heat we want we don't have the games we only wish that we did but you know right now Most of the time we always said we had him because although we'd rather have that than the pants again Let's swap with I would you give them the pants against and we'll take the heat games at least the last games the next two games of the finals That's all there will be so good I'll take it once and they can't afford to play you know I'm not that I know I think about it or follow but it just seems to me that if they were like light and death at home to win a game last night Their prospects are still pretty much on the shaky side. What do you say that? You never know man you never know never know that's right ain't over till it's over That's what the Joe Dodgeola and you'll use to say both the you know greasy Italian kids from me St. Louis 17 before 11 at five 16 WQM if you're a cigar smoker and you like to kick back with a good premium stogi man and just laugh at the world It's low smoke that's especially a QM by the way blowing smoke Then be he a cigars by Tony Barhani is absolutely for you These hard to find cigars are made with first great tobacco process in aged up to 10 years But he has a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco But he had gold a flagship line gets an 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider and 9.1 by smoke magazine This rich flavored well-balanced full body make a rock win cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spicy pepper flavors Also be sure to try their behavior to sail the hottest for least a girl in the last 10 months It's a heart rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider by the way did I mention that we looked out on the lot of we got the World cup tickets for Germany in Ecuador Oh, you're going now I'm not going my two friends who are going on the trip with me there girl. I mean, I'm gonna go watch a soccer match But they're going to see Germany in Ecuador. I hope they survive it You could see anyways, I'm doing a spot now. Sorry. I'm trying to like you know if I if I interject there might at least It changes the copy up a little bit But to say it was a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper the finishes long and full-bodied with initial spice and a note of charred Wood watch out for that charred wood if you want to say 40% there off the price of all your be here cigars when you call tell them at meal riders sent you and boy They will pee in their pants laughing and they'll also save you 40% call them toll free 1-800-35 Here and light up and go that smoke 1-800-35 B-A-H-I-A Thank you baby I've been standing in line for the past 147 days. I live with my mom Star war revenge of the It's really awesome and their start fair C3 P-O-S in it as well as our 2D-2 this gonna be like Saber and even Alec Guinness which been dead for many many years and There's other special effects George Okay, it's going to make 942 trillion dollars and 27 cents and The guy who is in line ahead of me I'm playing a lot of old stuff these last three days the week, you know why not dig out some of this old East out All I do want to play that what's that one that we started with yesterday when you like someone now There's two people like the one about don't if I oh, yeah, the two of you are only going to read you and what's the other one about? I don't play a fart. I think we'll play those side by each 766 votes man anybody doesn't think we're getting the thousand a they you are crazy you're return it 567 let's take a little Fourier call here. Okay. Well, I'm gonna spruce if you I got a fairly important pile The day plus you notice I got most of my voice back. Well, you'd like to take a call, but Well, what's the listen? Once the if you maybe won't paying attention the very beginning there, but once I took that first one from the 400 year old racetrack Goat That were flashing like crazy because I thought I was gonna take a now catch them off guard at least expected Is all whipped up about Jerry Lewis now he was all whipped up about why we don't do the crossover anymore He was not the one those old losers all those old toads on the Jerry Lewis era. Oh No, he was old enough to be Jerry's grandpa. You kidding me. He was 125 easy Come you are boys at the harness race Wait when you start hearing that crocky, you know the death metal then you know the release hundred and ten years old I was afraid that was what I was starting to do what was just that Flamm man and said post-nasal drip comes from my father's side of the family actually my uncle Uncle is highman can we say that on the air? I've been wrong no, not highman Roth Highman be helper anyway. He's dead, but he had a very You know here that Is that affect you know something in the movie is that's amazing in the movie? Highman Roth was doing that too Remember that no, I don't yeah if you why I swear to you there may people I don't think I don't doubt it Listen me it's very noticeable every time he talks when he's talking with Michael here that maybe he was part of the family to a highman maybe it's a highman I'm not sure it's a really good guy. Give me my first dog For those you notice that now that my dogs are both dead we get more conversation about especially tiny About my dogs now that they're dead when it were alive nobody gave a crap about him But how the tiny is seems to the fish is now all of a sudden like that WQ I am hello Yeah, I'm thinking a losers what happened in norm 10 He's just losing it well. What does that mean what happened in norma can't she still a losing it? He sent me a very emotional email I emailed him back and because I felt sorry for her I don't you know you're doing your best. It's very good, but you're doing your best Now he's trying to deal with impossible people the bees. They're not going to change That's what I emailed him back and that's true. Then I can change and this new management now we got he doesn't exist And we spawned he just stole the walls That's the second time I've sent him a couple emails and we granted they were both little on the cost of sight But you get exasperated that's been our on the phone with a guy to it It'll be three weeks ago Friday and then they had that ridiculous meeting last week Which Norman noticed that clearance was a handsome young man and that was it So you can understand my frustration because nothing is happening nothing is happening and I said that's fine That's what they want great. Just keep paying us. I say Hank stays out in the morning And if they want to move him to the rest Just stir up of a fuss sit on there and sit on their head and thanks to Johnny Man, you'll know it you'll know you've been sat on right? Yes, you will I think everybody ought to play hard Well, I mean they created this mess they screwed it all up and now we're like what responsible to try straight in our form That's one of the reasons now and I'm at least on my part for my own salvation that We've got rid of that crossover. I want to show 10 to two period I'm gonna cross over when they keep backing it up to line 58 and 59 every day That's not my idea of a crossover That's like inviting Hank on as much as our life Hank and inviting him on his guest every day for 10 or 50 minutes Well, that's not the idea of it. That isn't what it was supposed to be all about But every morning show we've ever had a mistake and they can't they for whatever reason they well They have those sit-lating sports interviews, you know, and they do ira and Who's the other ones Eric? Can I Randy fund Randy for all these other everybody and so they really just drag on and on and as a result they can never get off the air on time So they'd back up remember the first day there. Oh, they're gonna be two or two minutes late today Remember that you don't remember that Tommy probably does every damn day Nice to see that they have a clock in there. Can they tell time? Can somebody read them what the time is for Christ's sake? Well, they had a very important interview this morning and of course if it has to do with sports It's got to be more important than this show in our Lousy nine and ten cheers 32 a.m. Hello 2 a.m You can do it I'm positive Yeah, I knew you could do it. W Q a m. Hello. It's clapping. What's this? Oh, isn't W Q a m. Hello Wonderful program See that said death red love is talking about that says sounds like Reverend shorts there is on a way out Would not be ashamed W Q a m hello W F Yeah, and thank you for those little gas prices Oh, yeah, bye bye schmuck 567 0.560 pound five six to me Verizon singular wireless line I mean there's nobody with a brain it would say that so that obviously was a crank call obviously a put on 775 oats on the pool. Let's see how the God squad is doing here with us today, huh? Are you kids out there? They're offered a summertime don't listen to the show cuz your parents are get really pissed off Because there's no sandy claws. They're no tooth theory and there's certainly a no guy Okay, no Jesus and there ain't no Moses and there ain't no Abraham Solomon all of us have bubble mice He's fairy tales as the Chinese like to say and there ain't nothing like fairy tales you're fairie 775 votes What's the best evidence there is no God? Have to world is starving 151. Yeah, let me maybe he's like the Murray answer that let me take Huh, maybe they would like cake. I can't believe you forgot that haven't rock it Was doing the alter the movie for crying out loud. Don't you remember he was in ill health he was ill And to remember the scene in the hospital I do what a big assassin comes in the big scary guy comes in with a pillow And he's been like suffocating and all of a sudden but I think I do like that one line Oh, and there's no but nobody who says it like James Khan The thing you blow the brains all over your knife silky. So all the soprano's crap Which I don't watch it. So maybe it's a great show. I don't know well, it was a great show. Oh, but you know when you're ripping off the godfather You just you really reaching me a little bit too high. Okay, it's a reach. It's not necessarily a rip off I mean it's a line man, but a big but a boom come on Well, but a thing is like a strip club that he owns what I'm just saying like that It's not but where did that where did that come from huh? What are you gonna do nice college boy They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go and down a police cap and why does he slap you in a face a little bit And what do you think this is the obvious you shoot them a mile away? You gotta get a post like this thing you blow the brains all over your knife silky. So come in ah, you're taking a spitting first. Wow even a east side mario is you're see their spots But I've been bad at home. See everybody wants to rip off the god for anybody tries but they don't come close No seven hundred and 79 votes on there none know our evidence. There's no god There is a god 148 18.9 percent of you silly people Boom boom boom boom like that we know there's only they'll got bad things happen a good people one funny Well, that's just you know Schmidt happens right? Look at us look what happened us here Q.A.M No one has ever seen god 117 that that oughta be good around the poll two What's the best evidence to reason. Oh god. How would we? How would we word that? I'll think about that you know what I'm saying now I think Joyce may he may fill the bill on that John Lennon murdered and Michael Bolton lives on 112. I rest my case on that I hate this pool 71 Joyce fits 34 that bitch and prayer seldom get censored 13 18 Well, he's busy the Lord. He's very busy. He's got big fish to fry and speaking a fish. How's Sandberg Ray doing or whatever And it was a good guy Susan Graham. Sorry. Do you know how many I do who that is? Uh, I believe I do who is that? I don't know now that you put me on the spot. I feel like I don't know that is that is your Alzheimer's kicking in already Is you have Alzheimer's from doing too many drugs don't you remember the guy Monday kept calm in with along with all the other great calls We had every two minutes Susan Gray and some of the fish stories You know, which obviously he was headed, but that's beside the point. I don't even know who the hell that is Do you know Google it's you who Susan Gray is doing her right in probably his ex wife 1057 at five 60 W.K. Oh, there's that Jonathan King there to pull report around the trip to Iraq He's got his head so far and pushes ass of the path the ride. Oh my god You talk about our shield. I think this guy's doing it with Anderson Pupur. I really believe it If you love the finer things in life that I guarantee you love scoges Miami's quintessential cigar shop in candle with South Florida's largest license cigars Stokees of candle is sure to have all your favorites Stokees got over a thousand open boxes cigar tattoos from and guarantee to have some of your favorites They're waiting for including our tour of winter For drone not a crystal Roby on Julieta and all the other top names in the cigar biz including a large slice of penguins cigars close out prices too As well as the obscure and hard to find Stokees so come into Stokees today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge Featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world to and Stokees every Friday for their wine tasting from five to late PM Featuring some of the most delicious boardau that France has to offer you find Stokees at 11 16 12 North Kindle Drive And Stokees up in every day the week seven days a week or you can call them to reserve a box your favorites cigars call Stokees at 305 Five nine eight Ninety eight twenty say how to marry on the girl Sandra and Yani we see the free cigar that a when you stop in the Stokees or call them like I said and 305 five ninety Ninety eight twenty This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 You can avoid every black baby in this country in your crime rate would go down Are Turn Take a good I'm going to do a full on that who is in place in drummer of all time. To your purpose, Jean Coova Dennis Wilson or Karen Carbender. Pretty tough isn't it? Yeah. What do you laugh about? Now did you see the movie standing in the shadows of Motown? Me no. You'd like that. Do you think he'd like that? I'd work here in the music. You'd probably appreciate the Motown guys even if you'd not have that big in the Motown music. No, thank you. Huh? I didn't know it. So it was a very talented. Yeah. You don't think Neil Pertisers to be in that category? Oh, which by the way, I know you didn't watch it, but I forgot I've got to look it up. I forgot the guy's name Michael McDonald. He's some national anthem. That's nice. Is that right? McDonald? Michael McDonald. Is he keen to mark McDonald the drives that would buy him? Or Anthony McDonald? One, two races last night? No. Oh. Who'd have as a Michael McDonald? They said to Motown, Motown great, Michael McDonald's, singing the national anthem, I don't know. You really might have heard of no Michael McDonald's. There's Michael McDonald's. Oh, I don't know. He was in great position as well. Oh. Does Michael McDonald sound like a Motown person to you? No, he was a white guy. I'm just saying, you know, whatever. He's the white guy with gray hair. You know who he's talking about? They presented in that way. So hey. Oh, that old toe. Do you know who that? Yeah. He's an old toe. So who cares about that? You 800 won votes on a pool. And 19.1% of the audience believes there was a guy. Oh, that is scary to me. How would have thought that this audience by now would be way beyond that? At least elevated on the sandbox and then like kindergarten? Come on. Get with it. Oh, the Lord works really all. And go to this intense brainwashing. I just saw a piece on her on the internet, which I'm always scouring during every break. I just saw a piece in about the southern Baptist. They're having their convention today. They're deciding whether like really push for all the southern Baptist to take their kids out of public school. And like, you know, home school, I mean, I was like, really brainwashing and ingrained them with the stupidity and hate. They don't want to expose them like any minor enlightenment that they might find in public school. So they want to like boycott the public schools. Which is probably good because what rational people want their kids to be going to school to bunch of southern Baptist anyway, right? Right. I think most people prefer the Mormons anyway. They're snappy dresses. And they had that magic underwear. And I think they were a little bit too tight because voidation are horny at the Mormons. What? And that's why they got like a lot of those polygamous stuff. They got like 75 lives. They're doing it. We're like their 10 year old daughters. Not less of the craft. Good for them, huh? They were that made. What good for them, they're doing their 10 year old daughters? No, good for them. They have multiple lives. Oh. Well, why would you say that? Not wrong with that. Not my bag, but you know, go for it. Why? You are, you're a good one to talk, man. You are such a pervert. Five orders, then a bash, man. Oh, God. If anybody needs to have her head basting, there she is. She's the shrocking head on CNN. Then a bash. Hi, nice, Mrs. Limbaugh. And you wonder why we get this to propaganda passes off for news. Jonathan King, he's got his head coming out of WD's earlobe. That's how far he's in there. Good God. Blackthumb. Scary. WDQAM, hello. QAM, intellectual line. Hello. Oh, he's going to be good one. That was going to be the one. WDQAM, hello. Thanks for his day. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I told you that Michael McDonald's was the dooby brother. Yeah, what's he got to do with Motown? That's that's the guy. Yeah, the old gray hair guy, Motown. You think the dooby brothers are Motown? Huh? I don't know if that's right. Is that right? No, I don't think so. Did you Google Michael McDonald? I'm about to. Well, get with it, man. Get with it. He sure is how I'm wouldn't have nothing with Motown. It was a couple of people. He wanted him like, you know, master of Motown. Whatever they said when he came out, I'm just telling you. Master of Motown. Maybe that means he once ate at the chin ticking to try to something. Master of Motown, my ass. I remember I can, you know, a future brother, I know that. He was why? He's not one of the thumb brothers. I guarantee you that. And don't say that again, by the way. How many QAM? Hello. I got his dog like crawl. But you know, it's funny. Did he? Wait a minute. Was Michael McDonald one of the dooby brothers? Yeah, he was the main singer. He did like, you know, old black water. Keep going, roll. Bobby, damn it. He was not sure how old the that is. How old we are. I think that I'd say he's old and gray. And so I'll tell myself. Well, it's nothing like the old. The old gray has been old and gray. Yeah, right. So tonight is an altar and George Carl in on Leno. Yeah, I know. I've been reading about that. I'll be sure. Miss that. Thanks. Why do I always need to keep putting her on here, giving her airtime is beats a hell out of me, you know, because everybody will tune in because they hate her. I wouldn't watch her for like four seconds. You know, I had my brother pull my teeth out with the when aesthetic with the pliers and watch that bitch that's slut. Don't forget, rhymes with what they do on fourth down in football most of the time. That's her. That was good comedy. I remember 15 votes, man. We're easy into a thousand. I think today's going to be a stellar day. It's flat, fly day. Michael McDonald was the lead singer for the Dooby Brothers. I don't know. Hey, what? I'll be damned. See, and you're a poo-poo-in-is guy. And if you're a poo-poo-in, man, what are you talking about? You were saying that he wasn't that's not the guy. I don't consider that Motown. I think it is not. What do you mean you don't consider it Motown? Well, thank you very much. Okay, I'm glad that we asked your opinion. Is this there's a doubt? Well, then maybe the Dooby Brothers were as white as the fallen snow. What do they got to do with Motown? I have no idea. It's not even in the same era. Okay, Motown was in the 60s. Well, what were more than the Dooby Brothers? 70s, I would say. Wouldn't you? Yeah, 70s, 80s even. Do we both? Yeah. Yeah, there you go. 70s and 80s. Do we both? No, there was on say, man. I played the Dooby Brothers. And when it comes to Dooby's, you go talk to the beast. You know, talk to Tommy there. On his website, it's, it's not like you're a couple of lines of buying it as pop rock. So it's just the people at the AAA need to get it together. I mean, when they announced him, they said, oh, you know, great Motown singer Michael McDonald. Yeah, I tell you, you had a dream and somebody had to see it. Okay, I was glad to be in a barricade man and they had the audio on it. The triple A or would it be? I mean, what does Mickey Eris and Noah bought today in the Motown? Anyway, he would know David Ruffin from a Jimmy Ruffin. Of course, neither that. Keep him confused. No, we're talking. Let's see. David Ruffin, I know he's dead. WDQAM, hello. QAM. That is a riot. Would he push that get? No, he's a 2AM, hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Michael McDonald, the duty brothers had a couple singers. He wasn't the main lead singer. He was one of them. He did like taking it to the street and you'll know his voice. He went off on his own and tried his solo career. And he just was sort of middle of the road. A flame in concert. He was just okay. He was like a minor league Michael Bolton, I think. Probably with a different class. What's the word? He's just okay. He had a different kind of like very manual with a smaller shnise. I guess. But anyway, he was one of the lead singers. Not V1. But he took it to the street and I guess he sort of just ended up in the middle of it though. But that's what happens the most of those guys they take it to the streets. Right. Okay. Thank you. I have some change Mr. A. Have a nice day. How did they drop the god bless up there? I never heard anybody hear saying god bless. Really? Because all the guys, you know, what the signs that stand on the road, you know, when you pull off the egg, you mean there. God bless. Not here. Now that red skeleton said that to them to be sure red skeleton before you were born. When the dooby brothers were singing take them to the streets with all the homeless, all they decrepit. All the people are sitting there pretending there's one lady here. She sits in the same spot every single day for years I've seen her. And she never has her teeth in. She always makes sure he leaves her teeth in a glass, Physician home, you know. Well, that'll have to give people more sympathy. Absolutely. That's the idea. I have a feeling. I mean, I mean, I mean, I think when she leave. Well, actually, an expose and it's about two years ago. They showed this one bag lady and they showed a thing to the day. She went to her very nicely model car and they followed her and she went to a beautiful condominium. And she's loaded. And that's what she does for living. She's a panhandler. We have once you know we got to get recruited. Although I'd be honest with that get tired of it. The only time it's really nasty is up north like in the wintertime here. And then you realize who's for real and who's just making it was fun. You know that girl. No, seriously. When you see these poor celebrities, you sit in on cardboard on a street corner and it's like 14 below zero and there's like 16 feet of snow on the ground. Then you stand and wonder, what's this all about? Hey, well, that's the one shame of this place, man. There's too many homeless people. They're always threatening. They're going to do something about it. They're going to beat Bidabuia. And you see the same thing. It's like they got to franchise. You see the same people on the same corner or in the same spot every day. Well, maybe they know where the hot money spots are. That's probably it. 825 votes on a poll baby. We are kicking some big fat smelly kosher ass. I'll tell you that right now. Are you going to eat food today or what? Well, not yet, but how is this coming in? How is this coming in? That's because Tommy is there. Tommy says at least we can do his feed him. He's up to 175. Don't feed him too much. I still don't believe that. I don't know. Go ahead and send a picture of me. No, I don't want to. I know what you look like. Okay. I mean, I'll leave. I'm going to get a lot better. I'm going to show her here. He's still got the shorter here now. Yeah, I have short hair. Boy, I don't know. You look clearly. I've really hair backing him. And it was that was banned. Yeah, like that. I've had bad with that reaver is wearing on cutting life. 1113 at 5, 16 WQM. The summer season is here, baby. It's going to be 180 to 2 degrees in the shade pretty soon. And that means it must be close to Father's Day. So do something this Sunday for your father. Sunday June 18th is Father's Day. And of course, every day I like to have a great meal on Father's Day. So it's time for you to call the Melding Pot, make a reservation for Father's Day. And shut that along. He'll have a great time. And of course, you will, too. The Melding Pot is a fantastic, fun-do restaurant. And in addition to their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours. A lot of what Susan Rathings about that. Hardy on Trace from Cedric Head Filaming Young, the Black and Tranqueteriaque Surlaw and Pork Lobster and more. The Melding Pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetites. Nobody walks out of their hungry. They wild out of there with a big smile on their effect. Pulse. And they have an award-winning mindless to boot. And don't forget, of course, the piece of resistance, the Melding Pot's famous desserts for. You start dipping your fruits and all your other goodies in those chocolates. It is unbelievable. So put a smile on that face this five as day. Call and make that call today and bite down to different to something different and delicious at the Melding Pot nearest by you. A full four course, fondue gift for dad from you. And don't forget to tell that old meal since you've bought it. The Melding Pot and Kendall, North Miami Beach, Cooper City, Boca, Fort Lauderdale, and of course, how could we forget Coral Springs. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16-2-8. Congratulations, Gettelife. Now, when he's in the bathroom, that it keeps the door shut, there's no other smell like it. No wind, sense of buzz. And when he is not here, that he'll leave him alone. All right, you will be snapping, because he's dancing the ball. Dance the ball. Dance the ball. Because it's in the day, because it's in the day, because it's in the day, and when fathers get comes, they'll see his presence lean. You'll toss it aside. And ask where it's the game. We want to tell him we love him, but he would just go, and he'll go fuck your mother. Because he's dancing the ball. Dance the ball. Dance the ball. Because it's in the day, because it's in the day, and when fathers get to the ball, they'll see his presence. 119.5.6. He'll be brothers, Rocker Ford and San Jose, California, Patrick Simmons, vocals and guitar, Tom Johnston, vocals and guitar, Tyran Porter, bass, and John Harmon, and Mike Haasick, drums. Like Haasick was the greatest drummer of all time, next to Karen Carpetor, and Dennis Wilson. And Dennis Wilson, and he sure could couldn't swim to it for a surfer. Maybe he's a little pie. Keith Nootson replaced the three Jeff's skunk, bachelor guitar joined in 74. Michael McDonald, vocals and keyboards joined in 75. Johnston, Justin 78, Hartman, and bachelor, left in 79. John McFee, guitar, Cornedus, Bumpus, and Chef McCracken. Is that a chef McCracken? On the drums, Roy. Or he's the best drummer of all time, I think. You know, film a Cracken? Dispaded 83, reformed in 88 with Simmons, Johnson, Porter, Hasick, and Bobby, and he's the best drummer of cancer in 92 at D.G.47. First hit, listen to the music. I like that. 1972. Oh, Jesus is all right! Oh, my God. What is wrong with me for crying out loud? If I was on top of this, where the hell is that? Here it is. I didn't like that, huh? Wow. Michael McDonald lives, baby. Long train run, trying to grow black water. Taking the armistures. What a fruit of the leaves, taking the sweet. Taking the sweet back. And I can't wait. I know it. I know it. Okay, that's enough for that. So there you go. Little dooby brothers action. Michael McDonald's from the Amotown. It's times. Oh, Did they really say that in the public didn't like it? Have a ride or anything? No. Nobody said anything. Well, what do you expect? You think those people there at the, at the heat game? You think they know anything about the Amotown? Or the icy sleeve? Speak of fans riding? Thailand? I would say a Bangkok Thailand. I'm sure we can see that. Taipei is searching for a gunman who shot in kill two football fans at a beach resort after complaining that we're cheering too loudly during a broadcast of Italy's World Cup opener against Ghana. Today. Relaxed that was yesterday, but that's what the official said today. What he must be in the middle of a, am I in the wrong channel? Here where's my day? I'm in the wrong channel. Here where's my day? I'm in the wrong channel. Where's my day? I'm in the wrong channel. Here's my day? Hey! It was very subtle away the, the tug outside the air as we saw. We are all about talking about conservatism and giving me a nice look at some of the mailbox. The two men both ties were watching at least, two not them in over Ghana to restaurant Monday at the Taipei resort town of Tariya. And erupted the newest when Italy scored its first school, said Panifa, laptop, what a cool, a girlfriend or one to victims. And as a girlfriend, Panifa, a man seated nearby table last night, quiet down, prompting a heated argument in which the man pulled out a handgun, and shot the football fans at Point Blank range. The victim's right in the fight is chamolong wrong the saying 30. He was not 30 man. And some of you sonken 41. Well, what names those ties, I guess. Please know the identity to gunmen who fled after the shooting. Thailand has never competed in the World Cup, but despite the Southeast Asian nations foreshowing on the international football states, millions of fans are glued to their TVs during the World Cup, and millions of dollars are spent on a legal bedding. Wow. But Thai about 70 miles southeast of Bangkok is known for its beaches. It's thriving sex industry in high crime rate. How do you like that? Hey, I'm not a ton of download, but wait a second. Maybe they want to let gun show their time is always pitching on a station. You're going to stop doing those or what? Those damn gun-troues, pots. What do you mean, son? Son, I just just relax. I know you got nothing to do with it. Just putting you on the spot, aren't you embarrassed doing that? No, I love guns. Do you really? No, actually, I don't know. And they're big fan of guns. But you know, you're lie like to rest of us. You'll pretend you go along with me. So I get paid for it. See, Tommy, if the gun show this weekend, by the way, folks, he's going to be shooting them up. And if you make too much noise, but a bang. I want you to watch my father two again. Please, I'm begging you. Even just fast forward through it to watch Hyman Roth. And you'll notice he does that through the whole thing. He'll move me. See, I can't turn those off though when I... I mean, once I... But how are they going to kill about five hours for it? It's long. A hundred and sixty two votes on a pool. What's the best evidence there is no God? The God squad. Oh, look at that. They're kicking ass. None. There is a God. I'm going to need you seven, nineteen point three. There you go. You heathen bastion. They're really showing me a finger to aren't they? Huh? They got me convinced. There is a God. I'm looking up in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. Holy crap. It's God. He ever ugly. 1867. And of course, all the depictions of God always, you know, the old man with a white long beard. Kind of less little like Sandy Claus when he came right down to it with him. Yeah, it's just real skinny. He's always got that big staff, you know, that staff of life like a shepherd. Like those guys up there in that movie. Gandalf. They're very ass mounting, you know. They were all hurting the sheep. They were hurting each other if he asked me the way that we're going at it. But anyway, I didn't watch after that because I knew that was going to be no more rapesings. Remember that fact that day? That was that George was right about that. That was one of the classics. He was all pissed off because I won't watch Shawshank redemption. I got it. I went out and spent my own night to buy it. I even bought the shinbers list. Look, I'm telling you, it's a good thing. Give it a whole lot of song. Your kisses on shinbers list. Yeah. I'm just so I mean, so is shinbers list. But different kind of movie. Yeah. But I'd like Shawshank a lot. Well, God, I got it. If I bought it, doesn't it mean that eventually I'll watch it someday? One of these days. When I'm really bored, turmanly. I just figured I'd heckle you a little bit. I had to do that with City Agamidis. But you see a Shawshank redemption? Nope. Good. You see your shinbers list? Nope. Good. See there's two of us. Not that we're middle to the bottom. We just have no interest. Okay. Shinbers list is about old Jews. Okay. I want to see about old Jews. I grew high. My whole family was old Jews. Okay. Including me now I'm an old Jew. But I want to see more about old Jews. In fact, this station is about old Jews. So if I want to see old Jews man, I would have summarized lakes. I don't need to watch a movie. But I'm watching someday. The thing about the others that rapes him in prison, I'll let the guy with a lift up above. The ceiling is then facts. No, it's more of a fight. They don't show anything. No. Oh damn that case for you. I'm taking the back for refund. 872 votes. The best evidence to his no god. None. There is a god. Neil 19.4% 170. The god squad. Crazy people. Half the world is starving. 161. Well, God's not a very good farmer. I think that's the problem. He's not good on the produce. Bad things happen to good people. 148. No one has ever seen God on 28. And the ones who do most of our life, Stone. Timothy Lerysau, God. John Lennon murdered Michael Bolton lives on 26. Terran Carpenter's dead and Gloria Stephon is still alive. I think that's another one to send category. I hate this pool 84. Joyce Fitz 36. She's the epitome of the antichrist. And the prayer settlement answered 19. Well, let me guide this answer, Praj. You understand? Think about that? If we don't have the right bat line. Call up to Mr. Gordon and see if we can get the number for the bat phone. Okay. What about the mobile please, Robin? And watch out what those tights may. You might like to score yourself. They were stopping thinking about that when they were in them tights. And they were sliding down that pool. I sure hope they'd wish to like it. And they'd find the fire places. I'm sure they did. And the fire to pedal that grease on there. You think? Sure. I was hoping that's what that was. Juanau, hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and O'Park racing and poker has got all the game and XU. You want and something special for all the men that come out of the track this Saturday, June 17 for fathers they eave. All of the men willing to admit being 18 in order. Believe me, a Pomp and O'Park, they'll be 18 in order. Believe you me. They'll get a free entry of light to win $1,000 in betting vouchers this Saturday night. Grimes will take place after the six and seven races. You must be there to win. Prizes include a $50, $100, $150, $150, $500 betting vouchers. What guy you do know who doesn't love to get some extra cash? Plus they'll be drawings for tickets to stop coming Marlins baseball games. So make your friends now. Tell a white girl, friend, or significant other. Even your mother and law. Tell them all, you want to go to Pomp and O'Park this Saturday for the great fathers they eave drawings. Pomp and O'Park is easy to get to South Maafin Road 95 in the turn. Pike and best of all, Pomp and O'Park offers you free admission and free general parking every single day. Live harness racing are great smokey, poke room every day, open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker gets sent away at noon like today. Day is Wednesday. It goes on till midnight and live racing gets sent away now. Day is 725 pm. And speaking of Wednesdays, almost $1,000 every Wednesday like today. That's when draft beer soda hot dogs and more just to buck a piece starting at 6pm. Let's go to the next episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. I'm going to show them the first episode. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. Well, it's very interesting. The first episode of the show is... Let's see what you see. Let me show you the second episode. I'm going to show you the first episode of the show. It was mostly my favorite. Hayes Berkeley. This is K musst Jesord Ts. K Starts. The second episode is Morlette. which both charted well is what they were referring to. Well thanks for straightening that out for us, okay? Michael McDonald had a lot of much to do with Motown, his might ask us back to do with Buy, okay? I mean, let's get serious. God. There goes with that God stuff again. There goes God! That's not the one to eat, no Ben Harper. Michael McDonald. He ate an Marvin's gate. I said, you know, there's a movie I could actually watch every week for the rest of my life. Not the whole thing, but like, you know, selected parts. It was good. They were in Malice, you're not your punk. Tommy, I think, would like it though. You want to know what you know, what you know, what you mean, what you go on, you assume things like, which one do you, I said I liked a lot. Yeah, but I think you're like trying to like suck up a little bit, you know, although that would be like that. Yeah, no, that's not your style. That's right. You're, are you your hardest. You got that from George. Be a hard ass. Oh, five alarm fired a building your Chicago. And there's a fire truck and there's some firemen or sliding down that grease pool. Oh, my God. Man. I noticed a per-medicineers per time allowed to go over to the fire department, too, they slide down the grease pool with a fireman. Just look for practice. 885 votes on the pool. Joe, I'm going to, I got a little of a material here. I want to use today because now I can actually speak a lot of apologized for yesterday. I should have taken the day off. I didn't realize when I sat down here that I, that, that flim thing was like as bad as a once. I was pretty annoying. Wasn't it? Well, you been doing that for a little bit now. Why, yeah, because I'm trying to am over this thing now. And you hear it today at all. Maybe just a little tiny trace. Okay, like the classic score would say traces of flim. Remember that song? No. See, if George was there, he'd already be playing the dubie brother. So it's a good thing he's not. Because, yeah, I love the dubie brother. I said this one here. But all that music. Remember this stuff he sent me? Yeah, you got it on there. All the dubies around there. And there's nothing like an iPod. I'm going to say it again. FM radio. Hey, guys, it was mys what turned your transmitters off. In fact, why not just put us on FM and ditch all like crappy music and software. We're going to like at least get it up to a 10 share again. Get some people into the age of 100. Nobody listens to AM radio. And now pretty soon, nobody's in with the FM radio. Because everybody's got their MP3 player there. iPod there. They're phone at, you know, although what kind of music quality do you get out of those phones or the cell phones? Well, some of them actually, some newer ones. Yeah, that's not pretty good. Same as an iPod. And you really want to like hold your phone and listen, listen, music. I mean, like it music has my blankberry. I don't want that. And I got my iPod docking station coming on the same way. I mean, I'm a real hipster. Now, almost as hip is. Yeah, real ding-dong. Daddy, a real ding-dong daddy is hip is the emoji. No, no, no. Now, don't be thick at on Mr. Howard because he's got relatives in the area. That was good. That was the boyfriend. That was the, you know, your buddy's boyfriend. Joe Coniston in the New York Observer writes a shameful silence on colters spying. And boy, as usual, Joe is not long. I will have to be clear my throat and go, like, highman Roth. I'm surprised we have any calls about that. I'll give Godfather experts out there. Anybody that's seen it moving more than 600 times like I have knows that he's got that thing going through the whole deal there. It's a Jewish thing. Did you know that? Well, first is a highman thing. And it's a Jewish thing. Well, don't you think highman Roth or IKM, myarlansky? Don't you think he might have been a little bit Jewish? I hope it. Yeah. Well, it really is. The post like there are certain illnesses and certain diseases that are like genetic. You know, they're like having ethnic thing to them. You're aware of that. I'm sure. I guess. Yes. And that whole post nasal dripping, I think it comes from eating too much deli. I'm serious, too much like cheese blinces, man. I guess it, you always got Sam starting like myself now. Oh, God. Where's my spatoon? Oh, boy, I'll boy, make it a comeback. There we go. That was video, Joyce. Anyway, he writes a shameful silence on coders spewing with a pretty people regularity of a locus plague. And quarter of her enablers had the once reputable firm of random house, they issued yet another volume of fantastic entertainment. Now the hard-drinking trash talking 40 something bachelor read. Those are stuff as a Christian moralist and holy battle against the liberal humans. That with a brimstone in the air, maybe the only match he's striking for a next cigarette. But a version of Christianity turns out to be a strangely modern and convenient faith, which encourages heaping a score on bereaved widows, very false witness against them on television, and publicly loading over the ill-gotten profits thus attained. Leaving behind the golden rule of the gospels to do unto others as you would have them do to you, she embodies a new rule of gold. You can never be too rich, toothed, or too vicious, or too gay. Too vicious, however, is the only way to categorize miscorders attempted assassination of the nine-level widows, known as the Jersey girls whom she accuses of enjoying the horrific deaths of their husbands in the world-trade sentiment for no. She harrains them as broads, witches and millionaires, guilty of being self-obsessed, and reveling in their statuses' celebrities, while they are lionized on TV and articles of Gotham. Coming from an energetic publicity-secret-like miscoder who still winds bitterly about her and elongated cover-shot in time magazine, those insults her an exercise in self-parity. She goes on to complain that the widows by telling her personal stories of laws were able to shut down their critics with sentimentality. But that charge, too, is obviously false since he's now reaping profits in publicity by the savagement. She's also a hypocrite, having freely brandished the name of her late friend Barbara Olson, tragically killed a nine-level and impact her own arguments. The truth about the Jersey girls is that they love their husbands so deeply, of course, they and their children continue to suffer from the laws that miscorders so heartlessly mocks. The truth is that in their suffering, these courageous women join with other widows in family memories to demand a serious investigation of nine-level. Together they organized research and lobbied for a thousand-of-hours to win the poem of an independent commission against an internal political opposition of the White House. The truth is that their success was an important victory for every American without regard to party or ideology and vindication of grassroots democracy, while I do like the grassroots. The nation owes them all a debt of gratitude. What is most disturbing about this episode is not that these women can be victimized by brutal, bullly-like miscover, nor even that the mainstream media which have penned in traditional standards of fairness in these years ago would evenly assist her. Oh, should be online or denied? That's our hideous political culture. What is most disappointing is the abject their election of the prominent politician to work so closely with the Jersey girls. John McCain and Julie Romin, the Senate sponsors of the Bill Aquedin 911 Commission, both believe that an independent investigation was essential for reasons of honor and national security. They both knew that they couldn't have prevailed against the White House and the Republican Congressional leadership without the help of the widows. In the fall of 2002 when their bill passed the Senate in the House, Mr. McCain acknowledged the efforts of the widows in their comrades. I also want to put in a special word for the families he said after the Thinckonious Fellow statesman, without their on stiny support and efforts, we wouldn't be where we are here today. In the summer of 2004 when the Commission's reform mechanism that the recommendations were debated, Mr. Librum in praise all the 911 families, including a special announcement for the Jersey girls. I continue to be audited and inspired by your ability to turn your personal fragdities into better public safety for the nation's head of Connecticut Senator, Julie Librum. And in the fall of 2005, when McCain needed citizens to support for his worthy amendment to ban torture and award against terrorism, the Jersey girls rally to his cause. He was glad enough of their support then, but that was then and this is now. And these two highest public citizens remain silent in the face of a malevolent attack visited on their earth while friends. Both men know that it's a lie to call these women partisans or prophetiers, both know that these women and the families they help to lead brought honor and purpose to a legislative process that's often petty and corrupt. Shame on the solid senators and please let's hear no more from either of them for a while about tolerance, respect and decency. Hi, Skull, you go, Joe. But you know something good article, but what does it have to do with that? Good point. Can we just call Anne Colter the anti-class? Yes, man Colter, the anti-class whatever like big Adams Apple or just call her, hey Anne. You fair, that's why she ends up with Miss Fudd, Birds of a Feather. Yeah, she's a bachelor, right? Right, a skanky, nasty, dyke. 142, 18, a little, but she is very attractive though. And all his other stuff, and again green and Mr. Reane and Mr. Clean, I've made all of it. And his Ratshell wax hot, see, God is perfect. He's on the list of mission, knows everything. So, knows the entire time is going to keep screwing everything up. Yes, man. And that, that's partly real insanity of it. But the fact, my Ratshell wax hot. And also in the 10 commandments, as you say, the Lord, I got as a jealous guy. You shouldn't have any other gods before me. Well, how can you be perfect? And you can have all these, for all these human frailies. You get angry and you're jealous. See, this is just Kaka. I mean, even a child, a child without the brain washing at the age of like five or six of sit down, and you could spoon a bunch of crap like this. He'd say, come on, get out of here. If anybody that actually read the Bible doesn't think it's just a really good, like, Greek mythology story. It's not even good. It's disgusting. Yeah. God is giving them instructions on how to smite their enemies and kill every, make sure you get every one of them because, you know, he leave them behind. That could be the bad one. And surely, just obedient children. Surely, shall be put to that. And of course, the guy I'm coming along. But that was before, what's the word they used before Jesus? You know, before salvation. Before. It tends to get off the hook. It's like they've guiding she, I think, would play about, you know, she's surely, he'll be stone-fice in the same night. That's where I can relate to that, both of you. 9, 11, 16 votes on a full. I mean, the God be. I said, it's like Howard Beale said, then, movie that you fell asleep. How did Tommy watch that work? Did he where I asked you that already? Did he watch what? Network. Network. The movie. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. I was mad at that. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's the best part. There you go, you saw it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Great. You didn't see it. Well, so what do you mean, sarcastic, then? Cut back on his meat tomorrow, okay? All right. I'll tick the rest for myself. Yeah, when Ruth Chris shows up to me, cut back a little round of things to my portion. Yeah. I think the American history, though, that was an excellent move. American history, access to excellence. Yeah, yeah, it's very good. Great. Never, I think you enjoyed. You've been on the periphery of the radio business for a few years now. I've never been in it, but you've been on the edge of it. Yeah, but on the edge. And of course, recently you're like getting further and further away from it, but nevertheless, wow. A lot of love for you. What I said, Hank, stay eye was stick with your guns, baby. Adamant, that's the, that's a new attitude. You know, when you said emails to a guy, it's been our on the full with this guy three weeks ago this Friday. And the response is basically non-existent. It's claimed the famous that he's now got two people in there in the studio, which is like I said before, is like, hey, make sure the transmitter is out when he'll come down so the show can be on here. I mean, that's not an accomplishment. That's like automatic. It's like getting out of bed in the morning. I'm not highly impressed by such basic maneuvers, you know? But maybe get some copy, maybe get the schedule going, maybe get certain people out of the day time, and people are awake and want to be entertained. They don't want to hear that kind of sound. Maybe do any of these things would be good. But no, so that makes me, I guess, the bad guys usual. That's okay. It's fine with me. I'm no longer going to even make the attempt because he's not responsive. He doesn't respond well. And all the points that I made, I'm not one of those people that's looking for a problem. I got a great deal going here. Life is sweet, sneak out and went to wood by and last night and got most of my money back after a rough start. What? I lost about 300 bucks last night. Do you know what a wonderful life that is? I did. I was an entertainment. I had 500 on the wheel and later on I was losing my ass into the thousand on the wheel and got a whole bunch of spins after that. And the cashed out of there, I lost 200 bucks. I was like, I know it would. I feel like you always say, that I want most of my money back after losing my ass. Right. That's right. I got most of it back. I feel like done that either gambling experience. Like you go, you lose your ass. That is great. And most of your very first vacation is most of the time you spend trying to get your money back. That's right. Which is frustrating. But then see, that's part of the psychology of it. Then when you do get all those rare occasions when you do get most of all your money back or actually line up winning at the end, then you feel like you want to make it in bucks. See, when you've been struggling for hours to try to get your money back, that's the way they get you. And you walk out of the thing, and wow, I lost you at a bucks. I had a great time tonight. I'm not complaining. You're going to hear me bitching about it. Nobody forced me to go. Nobody is holding me at gunpoint saying, you go there and go to the ATM and pull out every time you got, I do whatever it is I want. Like I started to say before you interrupt in me there. The only problem being that we've got people there who are just, they have no, no honest man, they just don't understand the life. They don't get it. This is a radio show. And even when they clocking and all the other stuff, not to pay myself out of back, but generally speaking, if I'm capable, if I'm not like dying over here, I show up on I'm supposed to, you know, on those 40 days a year when I'm supposed to work, I show up. Is that correct? That is correct. 26 days. If I had since you been working to show, maybe two, maybe two, maybe. So I show up on I'm supposed to live that's the best I can expect and try to put my best, my big fat foot forward every day, you know? And what's the response? Oh, gee, he's making trouble again. And we're getting more emails. And he said, I'm not that I'm hearing that, but you just know that's what's going on. Because they don't want that. They don't want anybody who's got like going to request or demand or scream in a hour that they behave themselves like professional broadcasts. Like do something that makes them sense as opposed to continuing to degrade and humiliate and that like I said, who cares? We'll take the money. If they don't care, why should we? Is that correct? Yeah. If they don't dare to be great, like Lanternor with a hero, left the White House and we give a crap. If this is their idea of broadcasting, they're going to go to, you know, look at those, they're going to go to, and hey, put a lot more spots on your man. Don't worry about the copy. Don't worry about the client. Just put a lot more spots on. I hope that they'll pay us some day. 925 votes on a pool, man. We'll ease into a thousand real easy to do it. And not like yesterday when we had the phenomenal total. That's because we had a pretty good head start yesterday. We still did way over 60 and every horse on the mid run in the middle of the summertime no less here on fact flag bay. We got Caldi at two. Man dog is for. Oh, right. We have believed me a breath of pressure. It always is, but more so than usual following. All on side deck and six, three to the Marlon's host of Braves again, you're right hot Marlon's 6,940. I looked it up in a box where that was the announce attendance for last night's game for their photo and one over the Braves. So they're saying three. Three people right. Two of whom were Braves fans. So that's really too much. Well, you know, though he were playing last night, they had that scintillating come back. Why not let anybody care about your Florida Marlon's here. Right? When he can listen to what I'm already going to hear these scintillating sounds of Dave Ann Boying and the Marlon's with the world's series. And any can answer to baseball again. 11.56. We got the plenty of time to take a zidin calls today. We're going to get a lot of stuff going. I've got to get a lot of accomplished today. You believe me? No. Well, to bad. Look at that. I'm already out of my self. I just threw away the page from lion's tower. It's like, totally 11.56 here. I've got her here. Anything like that. What? Is it two yet? I don't know. I'm certainly not going to go out there. It's not woodbind Wednesday for me. I already did woodbind Wednesday on Tuesday tonight. That's enough. I'll have to tie the overchallagged back from my world cup tour. We were that I'm going on a world cup tour. What a herd. Yeah. I go to the games. But I'm going on a big tour. Four minutes till noon a queue. Sometimes it's the things you can't see that are dangerous for you. You can see that spider is across up your leg. You can see Joe Bell is he models in the studio. What I big smile on his face. But in your carpets is all kinds of nasty stuff that you can't see with an A could I. That's why you need to call dry concepts. They've been in South Florida doing it right for over 28 years. And my homes for over 21 years. When you dry clean your carpets with dry concepts, you really can clean today. Entertainment night because they're drying a couple of hours. And looks like you had brand new lead right there on your floor. Your carpets stay clean or longer. Did no sticky residue left behind. And they last longer too. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you don't even have a lot of happy company too. And don't forget dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind, all during hurricane and storm season. Certified technicians get you out of the mall zone in minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's got a team. And a top at all off-rack concepts as a state-of-the-art or any of our work cleaning plant. They've got a lot of work cleaning and stuff. But it's really one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area roofs looking brand new. And don't forget to give your written guaranteed price up front. So there's no rip off. No scams. Just a fabulous job. It's guaranteed every time. So do yourself a big favor and daybrow it in the palm. Beach is called ride concepts. And 1-800-248-5-071. That's 1-800-248-507-1-RunaWab. This is five, 16, 15, 15. This is Mark Morgan, is the 12th one hour on Q8M. 50 220 40 For the people that get now home, I've got it for writing, you're calm. Anybody here, seem good gracious, God, to be all around their town. He's not just thinking, He's the truth, He's born, He's down, He's the child, He's his son. He versus I, was the wildhouses to go. Or an official to go, was there, or you with me, either of all, or bad, He's looking so clear, to the other word, to be as easy as he is. But he is, he's saying, to die to me. For this heaven, I'll throw home, or he's got this bad, and I've been long as I can't pay why. A drum of doubts and a drum. But those two are five 60 W to Q AM. The government who killed six people and himself at a rape party was likely the author of a letter that complains about the rape scene and says in part, this hippie stuff has to end, police said, that's what his notes said. This hippie stuff has to end, Tommy. Well, he's the only one killing people at Tommy. Yes, sir. Are you coming? I don't know. That's what he goes to the gun show. I have a very calm, 20, and I've been invited to the party by people made at a late night rape. They're packed in there, and they're groping each other, having sex to let her say, I've got to do something about it. These people are screwing up the world. Or maybe just screwing up, maybe there are too many words in it, since. The one page letter was addressed to a cane, the name of Huff's twin brother, and signed from Kyle. The Washington State Patrol said, that it was a highly probable of Kyle Huff wrote the letter, which was started April 24 by a resident going through his trash and the same apartment complex for Huff lived. A resident going through his trash, oh, a his trash, or maybe a kiles. Experts at the state crime lab compared to letter to writing on items belonging to Huff. The letter was written on the back of a memo that had been sent out to a apartment resident's March 23rd, two days before the killings. Police have said, King Huff was not aware of the letter until I showed it to him. It begins. I hope that you'll find this letter after the fact. Don't let the police wrap the eye keep you from having it. This is my last wish. Having spelled H-A-V-E-I-N-G. His aim was good. His spelling. Let's good. Don't kick yourself more on letter continues. That's the last thing I've won to happen. I hate leaving you by yourself. But this is something I feel I have to do. My life would always feel incomplete otherwise. The brothers had moved to Seattle from White Fishmontana. See that? White Fishmontana? Anybody nearby you moves in from White Fishmontana? I get them. That's my suggestion. Okay, very suspicious people. Is there a spider on my leg? Is that just a my hallucinating? Yeah, you're hallucinating. I don't know. 949 votes in a pool. 19, we're almost up to 20% of the God squad. All right. There is a God. 1049 out of 949 votes. 19.9%. Are you shocked? Yeah. I'll keep in mind that if you go out on the streets, pull after pulling the US. Not in the Western Europe or in civilized places like here. But in the US, they take these pools. Do you believe in a God? And like 80%, 90% say, of course. Of course. Because they're scared. You know, they're afraid to say, oh, only silly people talks such crap. Speaking of talking crap, Democratic house and senate leaders have find a way to use the cost of student loans and prescription drugs. Raise the minimum weight and lots and effort to develop alternative fuels if they went back into a Congress. But as your buddy bush with that Maliki guy again in Iraq. In itself, government itself and defend. There's that picture again. And Maliki is say whatever his name is. Who is this guy? Who is this bozo? In fact, he probably speaks English better than Bush. In interview with the US Saturday House Minority Leader, the U.S. The U.S. Nancy Pelosi previously knew direction for America platform. Ham and out Democratic members of Congress, Mayor's and governors. She and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid are formally unveiling the plan today. And at great, they're going to unveil a statue. It's going to have two big boobs on it. And then they're going to be back to ask for up to cover it up. All right. With pink lace. Don't you think we ought to take a bunch of calls now? We've been a little remiss on that. It's been three and a while. Going through with the draw here. There's lunch there. Oh, we ate it already. You ate already? I'm really quietly today, boy. That is pretty impressed. I can usually hear even when George is cracking his knuckles. I think he does that just to aggravate. Yeah. He leaves the mic on the whole time. Oh, does he really? Yeah. Well, that's why he keeps saying those things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11. You don't, is that what you're saying? You only open it away. I don't know what to say. Not what I eat. No, I leave it on. Yeah. When I'm in here. Let's see. And that room is probably better. I need to leave it on because then at least you'll know what's going to be on. Because I'm not really sure whether they ever bother fixing those lights or they stuff like that. It's amazing here. I'm going to get me a digital camera here very soon. And when I get it, I'm going to start taking pictures of my nice little studio and you're going to be really jealous. You should. You're going to say, well, that looks like a real radio studio. I taught and everything is easy to work in there really well too. And look at that neat little computer news got that little HP, the small one. Have you seen these? Well, yeah. I mean, I don't need you to live in model. Well, I'm just not even a small man. It's a size like a breadbox practically. And it's a fast as lightning. And does everything you could possibly do in and some? Aren't you impressed? Not really. I sure like it. What do you mean not really? No, no, it's great. I'm sure. It's phenomenal. I mean, those big old, chunky computers man. It's like, well, when did it call those first ones? Not a radio back. That's a battery. What's that really called? Something back. A thousand years ago. They used to take up like a whole room. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Okay. That's good. See, that was good timing on that one. I learned, you know, it's probably that dial tone. Sound a little bit on the shaky side to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60, leave a rise in singular. Fireless line. I think you did have a point though when you came right down with. WQAM. Hello. Air for me. Yes, sir. I can't believe that they're going out to very far into the way they're going. But they're going to reddish guy. Bush is great. Right. Yeah. That's awesome. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Who's got a bigger ass? Great. Bonser Carl Roe. Carl Roe was all ass if he asked me. There you go. Yeah. It looks like a closet case to me to I know he had a wife or he's got, that doesn't convince me. You know, Tom Cruise has got a wife to do. Yeah, Matt Damon's got a wife. Er, he's got a wife. See anything now. Although I encoded don't have a husband or a boyfriend. She's married to her hate. And Ms. Fudge. Has Ms. Fudge's lady friend doing? You know who his lady friend is, don't you? He's actually in Samuel's. It's Ms. Coder. Man. That man coded. That's right. All these self-hating fags, man. It's just a really scary thing. I like Joe McCarthy. No wonder we're going through all this repression and McCarthy are all over again. Self-hating fags. Where's Roye Cone? Why we need him? Where's Mighty Cone? Where he's sure at his complex was almost as bad as Wayne. Not quite, almost. And when James Woods played him in a movie, Roye. When you see James Woods, all I think about is that scene in, once upon a time in America, where he's in the garbage truck at the end and the zits are popping out. And did you see that one once upon a time in America? No, I don't believe so. Ah, I'm going to even waste my time asking Tommy. I think I did. Did you? I can't remember, but I think I did. Oh, wait. What am I talking about? Yeah. Robert's a neuro? Yeah, I saw that. And Brian Bloom? Yeah, I saw that. And the noodles? It was good. I'm watching Koggle? Oh, man. I do love watching Koggle. Come on, you QAM, hello. Hey! Come on! Come on! Come on! QAM! Good afternoon, sir. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, caller. You were talking about God. You know, he came here for one reason. Yeah, I know. You're with you. 567. He almost sounded like a real caller there for a second. Didn't he get to be getting in the first second? When his voice dropped his to about like a quarter of an octave. And then all of a sudden when his voice ran started pinching it. 567. 560. 560. 560. Verizon. Singular. Wireless line. For a little pinch between your cheek and gum. What I said, charmed it back again. I'm a little confused about that article yesterday. People get cancer. They get tongue cancer. Or look cancer from that charmed tobacco. Yeah, okay. Yeah, absolutely. What's that article about? I don't get it. I had some nerve to read that anyway. 32. Hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. No, I'm going to find this American flag right now. Because you need a war. How's that? Okay, go ahead. Have a good time. Okay. At least good or what? These aren't as good as yesterday and Monday. So far. Today I'm going to give him like about a four and a half of the scale. 75 Monday and yesterday. Now, I'm trying to think. Yesterday goes okay. Good Monday. Monday was great. Monday was really. It's hard to match that. When you put on a performance like you guys did on Monday. It's hard to do it again, you know. 32. Hello. Well, fine Wilson or Cara Dennis Wilson or Karen Harper. What do you say? 2 a.m. You're still on there. I never end. But they just, they can't handle it. You can do it. 2 a.m. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just don't know. You can stand holding and talk now. Because you want to hear. I mean, you've want to stand hold. I'm kidding. Oh, I was speaking to me. See, you're listening to the radio. Which is a bad mistake. So, we're going to. Somebody is, that's good. Okay. What's the. I agree about 90% of everything. You say, but you know, the. Why you bring up this ankle. There's a.m. woman. It was just given her credit by talking about her. Oh, and it's a. Yeah. The fact that the media's got her on every show. She's even on the. The. The. It was testing me. She's on every show. Selling her book in penlin or BS and selection. It's here. We're. in our all-is publicity. She's on Lennon tonight. She was on the day show. And by the way, it's Matt Lauer with the interviews at tonight with the Brittany. I think that's tonight. Well, I'm sure that'll be great. Where she breaks down. Oh, don't think I understand. Well, people, yeah. And looking at her and the Clips Day been shown in the previews. No wonder that most American men are off her ass. But by the way, I think I also read that man culture will be on Lennon with George Carling. Right. And you want to strike her to watch it. How do you like that? It's much of the director's carlin. I wonder if Joyce knows George Carling's going to be on, and guess what, Joyce is going to say all seven words on a guy like that, you bitch. And that's going to be one of them. He's going to say the word that rhymes with what they do on 4th down and football most of the time. And that's what you are, Joyce. And if I give a see Joyce and man, colder together, same person, same bitch. See, this is what we work for. We work. We work. I just like I still don't think Tommy's ever going to recover from that espaggy of the, I'm shocked. You know, he's still suffering from shock. He needs therapy. He's a lobotomy. He finds out the kind of repersonance going on. And our general manager, well, he's ringing his hands. He's talking with clerps. Oh, we got to keep our jobs. Joyce is busy. My god, no water. He doesn't respond to my emails. Okay, because they have to do with radio. They have to do with his business. They have to do with what we're trying to do here every day. Besides just a smile on everybody and make nice, you know. There's a, what? One kind of people that I can't stand. I hate to say this because when this guy came in, I welcome him with open arms and legs. I thought he's going to be a big improvement. I can't stand make nice guy. If you don't, well, I'm talking about, if you go ahead, if you've had everybody on the head and maybe, you know, everything will be fine. I can't handle that. That is so lame, man. That is so smooth. 1214, by the way, if I ever heard that song get a fire, see Rob Thomas again or Santana, I'm going to shoot him both. I'm going to go to that gun show the time he keeps plugging. I'm going to plug both of them. No, then you'll, if I hear it again, if I ever heard that song one more time, you can on mode time. Do, do, do, do, do, do. If you have a business and need to get customers away from the competition, here's the perfect business partner for you. Pub said printing and design. Pub said can design and print everything you need new arsenal. Just look at the display booth they made about me on our website, way down there at the bottom of the page where I belong. Or see even more of their phenomenal work at PubSetSF.com. Pubset can print everything from business cards to vendors, postage to their especially trade, show booths and displays. Pubset design and printing the very best for were 14 years and Pubset can handle it all in house 2. Call them at 9.54. 9. What is it? Give that number right. 9.54. 7.72. 7.75. I think that's what I said. 9.54. 7.72. 7.72.75. 30. Yet see for yourself on their website, PubSetSF.com. Look your best and get those new customers. It's your business and it's Pubset business to make you look fabulous. Call 9.54. 7.72. 7.72.75. Or go to PubsetSF.com. And look for my ugly picture on your building on this highway to have no other commercial. Choose the very best Pubset printing and design call it 9.54. 7.72. 7. 75. This is new Rogers. This is 5.62. 8. You get a lot of big cars. If you Rogers on sports hall radio, W2AL. 5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7.72. 7.72. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 5. 7. 8. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 2. 6. 7. 1. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. I love her and I love Ben Harper. I love the whole movie. I love all the music I don't like what's the name? Shaka Khan. Oh And the one it's got like needs a vowel moving and what it's got like 75 constant student name What tells her name? I don't remember that Michelle Yeah, the girl with the other rock the yeah the Ross I hear. I'm not big on it I don't care about her hair, but I just don't think she's all I could but Chaka Khan She just leaves me a link but Ben Harper and Jonas born and Gerald I've heard and the vozzie calls. They're great vozzie That's where James Now why don't you bring that it now? Who's got it now? Who's got a whole life? I would have said my George. Well, you know you do realize that that was mine I was the one that said sent me and I watched and I loved it And I said it down in I bought my own copy because I wanted to so I just read yours to see it Did you want me to give it to somebody who give it to Tommy if Tommy will watch it? Oh Tommy's gone by the way. He had to do some work Some more I do it so Miguel's in here now. Yeah, don't give it to Miguel. There's no Cubans in it Don't be making that mistake or Tommy has some work to do. I still close came in here and dragged him out of the news I know he just said he said that he had to do a spot, you know, that needs to be owned by two kind of things So we want to know what that is don't you? Why is that because you guys already had lunch? That's it. Yeah. Oh, yeah, there's no question about that I mean, I don't have a guy but once the lunch is done bye bye Finito, see you WQAM hello Hey, new yes sir, I apologize for my first call. I was in a bad area, but I was saying well, the out of those bad areas man Continue oh man, this is a nice guy. Yeah, he keeps falling into bad areas Wow How is you I'd rule and windows for get about what mad dogs says I'd rule and windows up real tight and like all the doors Man, he must be your close by the station in five six seven oh five sixty I don't know whether I'm out in this genosting is we're talking about and the new American century project the P9 project for New American century is closing down Because they mission accomplices what they're saying all in massis, you know, Bill Crystal and Gary Schmidt and Cheney and the jab bush your fat ass governor Oh, this peanut definitely looks like they're closing down They're passing their economy and they're holding it. It's a very long article son our website Let's get people to read our website, okay? Because after all the tremendous amount of work you put in there put in them stories on here. That's right I mean if we can't get at least 7800 people a day to read those stories It's just not worth continuing as long taken No, I would say that but you know that that's what I'm thinking man and during these hot summer days Who's gonna be on our website reading stupid news stories? I don't care to wait a little bit They do it they do and you know which ones they love the most main quarter anything with man-coder in it They just they gravitate toward that they hate that bitch like poison My goal today is by two o'clock. I want to keep the God squad under 20% I'm just poor. We're doing it If we can do that I will feel oh my good. I'll feel like the antichrist How do you Q a m hello How do you Q a m hello Okay, sir, regarding shock a con. No, you don't like shock a con her song through the fire with the awesome Bad bad and what about I feel for you? You didn't like that either Well, I don't believe in God. I hate the bushers do but I do like shock a con The choice Oh, this is that I know my yellow Jack Where's Dennis Wilson and the late one goal Eddie Guitar sent in Dean once None of the stuff rubber and he's I mean I have time for that to mention everybody This is also like it. I mean chocolate What it is it's shopping I think it's better just listen to it. I love the look in this You don't want you rise I can't even think we're named that I got a brain batter team No, no, the female singer that mumbles what is her name? We got a whole bunch of bits about her. Oh Oh, come on you know what I mean not Shakira no, not actually my god. I'm leaving right now How could you not we have this? The clarinet singer she mumbles come on see Miguel is no she doesn't sing in Spanish Okay, enough of that. Well, you know what I'm talking about give us a clue aside from mumbles WQAM hello Yeah, sure would like to see food and it's crazy. Yeah, okay good WQAM Who will you connect? Nass Steven XS with her razor she mumbles to that's not what I'm talking about Steven is black No, get one that wouldn't please oh my god anybody should know this I'm so embarrassed I know it I'm picturing her in my house Don't remember some mumbles and I can't think of either I got a brain for us as we haven't heard about it I'll think of you man. I'll think I'll decide on a mind. I know Like that That's great. Makes you great very good. That's nice job there for our chocolate up for our drive the photo to live that got me that goes at every time for example They say my voice is that just for a big name Between a bunch of them. Yeah, if you don't like that one go one yeah I got a frog in my throat It's gravity and a mumbles I'm not trying to see it now. Yeah, I can make my triple out of your air So that can be All right, yeah, well we got some other ones, but think about her and then think about Chocolate I've got the other comment Or maybe even dingus song And we know that a marlin Gay is rolling in his grave here now bigger part. Yeah, she's mumbles. Yeah, she's awful But this guy liked her okay at least he you know he's the anti god guy. He's the anti-Christ and he's also an anti bush guy And he likes chocolate consons two out of three and a bad 19.4% of the gods quite off there Also the song she did in the in the standing in the shadows of with Monto Jordan one too bad She did standing in the shadows of love. No, no, I said the song that she did in standing in the middle of the high enough Right well then that was the one I was trying to play, but it's got all that four play on her where they introduced everybody in the Yeah, yeah, yeah She sucks man She's a mumbling and a fumbler my god. I look no nothing's perfect So don't forget bring that in maybe time. You'll watch it. I know my girl won't watch it because he don't like motown love more They don't sing in Spanish and they're none of them are from Cuba 12 and it's after one at five six. He although George did just send me a whole bunch of new music including all that Luis Miguel music for he is he is so good You know, yeah, I know everybody's an end-course joy of being a degrees in the backside boys. I saw that CD He made for you back side boys. Yeah, I need to degrees were good I don't care what you say okay, the necklace you can sing I would know Well, I don't care what you know, we're not I'm just telling he's he's good I mean his brother they can sing his right about paper sack his ugly little brother drew you know those guys named drew No, but anyway But we say you probably wouldn't you wouldn't know Luis Miguel from Luis Luis you're done I mean I'd seen him before I think I could I'd be like hey that's Luis Miguel before like a poster here for 20 years exactly Yeah, well Miguel ought to be like real tight with Luis Miguel Oh, yeah, we're close what do you mean right there? He's like half Mexican I haven't had it. What's wrong with that? I forgot you hate the Mexicans 113 at five 60 WQM brandies is where you want to take your feet. It's a treat to a treat your feet What were they said about the Mississippi modern and hurricanes how's that going there on the way the cows world series, right? Yes, that means we get to beast out the building for a few days ought to be nice and peaceful there for a while Stop all the backstabbing brandies carries all your major brands like floor shine echo A fist or rockport hush puppy new balance all the other big name brands in all sizes for men and women They even carry lied wits and hard to find sizes and with fathers they come up to son and that'd be a good idea for dad I'm a beautiful pair of shoes from Brandy. Go see our good friend Arnie come make sure you get to write shoes for your feet Your dance feeder anybody's feet that you're fit in and I'm like those departments doers where you wait for ever to get waited on them They finally whatever style you pick up. Oh, sorry. We don't have that in your size. You crazy the only thing they do a brandy's Issues you never have to worry about size selection service and of course prices unbeatable brandy shoes You'll find in the 1290 North federal highway in Pablo Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on the East side You can't miss them brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday's to line and every Sunday till five and like I said It's father's day suddenly. So it's a great week to shop for dad's day at Brandy's save up to 40 bucks a pair of men's rockport for a shot in new bounce And get a free gift for your purchase to so be sure to get your fat ass into brandies this week or do your shoe shopping online at brandies This is My junior honey I'm here in December. I heard they got a move in bed. Yes, baby. And my only prayer is that prayer I'm square-lined. And never got a chance to see them. Losing those vision and most of us ever. But remember had their pins in the room when they cranked into these. Grandma, do you hear it? They can't rip out all the golden songs. And when they hurt me, they'd black-piece no bones. And when they died, they buried them next to my tongue. And they were all in the room. Grandma, do you hear it? Grandma, do you hear it? They're all in the room. They're all in the room. I'm warm. While I start going around, I'll send a shot of lost three great grandchildren. I was bowed to resolve my life. Let some talk about jagged against some intense and carefree. When they're around and there isn't hope with all time a squint. All the vendors! Do you hear who will tell them they're more to choose? Grandma, do you hear it? Grandma, love the golden song. Oh, right. And when he plays satisfaction in mind. And when he died, they caused a big trouble. This is so, I'm dying over here. When I was a golden song. When we picked up and they'd black-piece no bones. Oh, really? Why? We'd go and find the best of children's songs. Oh, I'm solid. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Did your boss have been so good this time? You're going to play this still in this time. And that's all with that. I'm going to play a chop this off here. I'm going to play an old one, over here. And then again. I'm going to play a broken dream. I have this and so many things. I've been meant to spend a little child. We always stand in time. God gives you a chance. We'll be the one who can all live. Who had known that we're not even more. And I know that we're not even more. I've had a piece of love. I've said it once again right now. Anybody doesn't like that as a communist. Okay, did this play in civil? I would have an old group with you. Oh, my God. Saudi has tied up thoughts in Asia. One one. Let me ask you something. You're a big old man. Do you got anything besides from the movie? What do we do? You're a big old town. Everyone's in town. It's been invented. Well, let's rock a little something new that I haven't heard here. You know, everyone's in a while when you play the Motown. Because I feel like you only played the standing in the shadows of Motown CD. What do you think about that? A while in a while. Why? I like it. So why? Yeah. Okay, during the break, I'll let think of some mother Motown. Okay. Let's play Motown. I'm going to play the audio by James. I mean, we told him we're going to start playing music on. I think we kicked our rookie tickets. Oh, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, I'm going to say, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, Okay, okay, okay, okay okay, okay, okay, kind of, okay, okay, okay huh? Ain't a single one more or something, okay? up in front of me here. Well, what does it say? What is the essence of it? Okay, I didn't read it. That's why I said you want me to read it. Go right ahead. Okay. I wake up with Rick every weekend. Morning. He and Donna Davis creep into my bedroom at 630 when the radio alarm goes off. Kind of like Cecil Collins. Kind of. The article paid tribute to his golden oldie hey day, but not did not mention his invaluable presence in today's market. Charles humanity sharing the death of his wife on air and his subsequent remarriage. Trim used to our nation's tragedies and his heartwarming love for his granddaughter. Well, I'm trying to get to something here. Just when I hear a news story that makes me think that the world has lost its values. Rick Shaw firms the morality is still in place. His maturity gives balance to our crazy fast pace lives. Last paragraph, don't worry. Wow. Sean says, Shaw says he misses the impact he had in the glory days of radio. But I feel that because of his roots. His branches still cover us with their wisdom. Wow. He'll look for glory holes. No glory days. Well, I miss very nice and a fitting tribute is a good guy and he's a little right wing for me, but nevertheless he's a friend of ours and this show in mind and etc. Never actually the only time ever saw him like in person. I used to have told him this many times that the old dolphin games. When I had my one season tickets, I used to do it every game. And his season tickets were like, oh, I don't know, eight or ten rows down, but he's mine. And the game would be like starting. I was always there early. He was on early bird. You know, took him a long time to get that cap on. And he turned out way if I'd wave back in smiling. Hey, Rick, how's he? He's a good guy. It's all right. And call up and take the lowing tribute. Remember on my anniversary show that 30th anniversary? About 30 minutes. Call up and die. Pete on my leg. I'm telling you I was so far weeks after that. He's okay. Never so afraid train. And the fact that he's endured in this market that long, you know, although he is playing music, keep that in mind. Not trying to be mean as accomplishments, but even he said that. What's that Kevin Baxter article member that? Yeah, when he was saying personality, you know, we're getting thrown out. He was all about the music. And Rick was saying, no, he was talking about me. In the fact that, you know, what I do is different. He just plays music and said I'm so. But that's true. And that's what I'm trying to point out that documentary on C.K.L.W. It was just unbelievable. The impact it had on me. In fact, I still got it on there. And there's almost not a day that goes by that I don't watch a segment from it. Now we're going to watch the whole thing. It's an hour. But I just get that much of a kick out of it. And when they had the C.K.L.W.W. reunion, the guy's doing the talk off. And it's just, and they're all sitting around the table in there. It's great. Because that was real radio man. Personality's baby excitement. And even, and like they put it on that documentary, even the sound of the station on C.K.L.W. It had this big, you know, the engineer is my, they must have some real engineers, you know. I'm like what we got. Tophead, Janko, look what we got. But boy, I had this big, something booming sound, you know, it was just a technical, uh, active genius. And of course, you know, it took a format from Bill Drake on California. Boss radio, which is on this thing too. In fact, I think it's even more worth watching that than watch standing in the shadows of Motown. But you won't be able to see this anyhow. Isn't it a shame we couldn't get that on our website? How come I'm still talking when it's 129? Oh, speaking of our website, uh, you know, look, uh, Eric put up your schedule. Right on there for the summer schedule. Well, I'm going to do this break. I'm already like three minutes late. We'll do it break. Check it out. And well, it was the other thing I was going to do. I was going to get the Motown. Starting June 296, uh, Clarence Deroal Prood, color coded schedule. Oh, yeah, that's good. It Clarence is put on your mental, uh, turn them all away from our website. Put Rob Marciano's picture on your attendance Thursday. You know, when I was at INZ, we did a funny thing. You know, they had these promotional sheets, which of course we don't have. I'm sure any more. I'm curious. Promotional sheets with pictures of all the personalities. And so we cut off these pictures of these really hot looking young like guys. Starts. And put those in where my picture was, you know, it was, it was a, it was a, it was a, nobody believed it, but it was fun. 29 past one at five, 16 WCM. If you were a cigar smoke, we'd like to kick back with a good premium stogi. Then he is cigars by Tony Barhani is definitely for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first great tobacco process. They've been in the past 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small bad, hard to find tobacco. But he or gold deflite should blankets in 91 rating by cigar fish and I was cigar insider. That's even higher rating than Golden Gett. And a 9.0 one by smoke magazine. This rich flavor well balanced full body nickel rye once cigars got earthy hits a dark rose coffee. Chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. Also be sure to try to be here to say, oh, need to say was the hottest release of our last 10 months against a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of a cigar insider. The day was a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the initial spice and an order to charge wood. If you want to save you 40% off the cost of arguably his cigars, when you call that toll free number, just how many oh, certainly you call and you'll say 40%. 1,800 35 the here. That's 1,800 35 B.A. H.I.A. And this is a meal rye fish. This is 5, 16, 18, 18. Yeah. It's not sat in the turf. Yeah. You're fairy. We dance. Life stands as we sing. Life works as for me. My family. We swear we might get a raise. And please ask this to class. They go to your end. Let's go. We dance. We swear we might get a raise. We look like a deer in the diamond. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. But we stay. Our days and days we gotta sing. We swear we might get a raise. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. We sing like a bunch of funny violence. Amph Einstein. Colin! sonst came out of air, yes today! Okay, that's enough for that. I couldn't go until midnight with all my Motan. I got every Motan son has ever been done and suddenly didn't even record yet. Sweet. It is sweet. Here's a fact that says, started on me out, but Jonas Ward will be singing at my eyes, your parking, bokeh would show a lesson for us. And I guess the part that's supposed to bump me out is, as soon as the original and surviving bass player for the great full dead. Like what I care about that, I still have Joan Osborne. Go see her 622, I will say that this fact. It's deadhead. Everybody in Militian man or hostile. You know, say, I realized that I thought they're hostile about if you don't like the same team, whatever. But boy, you don't like their music. They can really, anything. 119 votes on the pool. We didn't over load 100 again. We didn't ever even push that. You know what I said? We just eased on into it with the Lord. What's the best evidence there is no God? I still say it's still bell. The best evidence there is no God. None. There is a God. 218, 19.4% well below that 20% mark that it wants to stay under bubbling under a man. It's close to it. Oh, there's our gore. And I think it's valuable for it. Okay, good. Oh, there is a God. 19.4% of you silly people out there say that. I'm so embarrassed for you. But one of these days, you'll find me when you're in that box. Oh, but the Lord is looking down on us right now. How about me? He's looking up at you. How about me? He's like looking sideways and boy, Lord must have an awful. He must have a whole lot of eyes to be looking at six billion people. You know, keeping his eye on everything. He's busy. That's why it doesn't answer your prayers, man. He's busy. Have the world is starving to go to, well, he don't care about that. You know, too many fat folks are on while they're running on anyway. Like me. Bad things happen to good people. One idea. Well, God's got a buck for stick around his pickup truck. It's a shit happens. And I want to say, yep, no one has ever seen God. 163. They've only seen. They'll go. I'm in that into a setting. John Lennon murdered Michael Bolton lives 153. And I still think, Joey, I'm not that we need to put it on there. But caring carpeters did and Gloria Stephon lives on. She was at the right game. Gloria Stephon was at the heat game. No, why do they damn your lost? Now I'm kind of curious, when they started to bail out there in the last few minutes before they made the big pack. Oh, absolutely. Were they? A lot of people. You mean absolutely. And then they made the big comeback. And all the so, oh, gee, I sure we showed what it's saying. They were 98 to 96 and that's way in way. Yeah. See, Wayne Wade said you should have stayed. And some of these people are going to have a attack. I hit this pool 106 9.5%. Yeah, that's because you're an emotional cripple. You're like our management man. E.C. Emotional cripple. Oh, gee, did everybody happy? Joey's fish 45. No, there's the reason we're not happy. Do a switch. He's one of many. And prayer is seldom gets answered only 26. Would you think they'll have a lot more votes? All these prayer people man. They're rubbing their rosary beads and they're all the chalkies they got and they're praying to God. And he just, you know, and then like 400 people die in a pain crash and one person survives. Oh, the Lord answered my prayer. Well, what about the other 400 people you jackass? I said, listen, I've prayed hard enough. Yeah, they must have not been prayed to the right God. Or maybe you can only listen one voice at a time. Okay? Man, it's it's just it's such an insult. You know, I'm not one of these pseudo intellectuals running around Friday. Your showhouse smart and because I'm a moron, but Jesus God. And in fact, that's proof right there. How smart you have to be to realize how idiotic these these statements are. All these stupid. It's called life bioclise. The good folks say as the good words is, there's just like that one guy that voicemail guy, where is it? Or here this. I really hope he is a Tony here. I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least at the living of 40 years. I've never heard anything as disgusting as a neurologist program. I've heard him before. It's pornographic. I've heard of my granddaughter, one of my kids looking to his door. I think that's how you remember. I am done listening to you at say, good good bye. The group of growth things I have ever heard and it's a father's answer. You wrote my book. Good, go look at him. You want to see those? Okay. Let's see. All I want is a telephone number of the cart, telephone cart that you are a vegetarian. That's not the guy. Oh, this is the guy. It's George Diff is Robert. Robert. I'm playing an ad account on Robert. Robert, look at this for good sports talk radio statement. Yeah, this ain't a real Roger. Be honest with you. It's that it's very pathetic. And this guy is, I mean, this is all you guys on sports talk radio. It is horrible. So I definitely try to find somebody who is here. That's for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. Just tell him one day we all face the board. All right. That's a great day. One day will all face the board. I haven't heard that one. You never heard that before? Good. Oh, yeah. That was a day. You want to get it, Mr. See, he's one of these people that are like tuned into. Oh, it's an all sports stage. Now this sports nerd. Okay. Jack. Yes. 142 at 5. 60 WCM. I've been telling you for many, many years now to call 1-800 mattress. The need to bed when the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy. In fact, fat boy was in it this morning. And we actually contaminated it with fat boy this morning. For the first time at a long time, he came in and said, I said, get out of here now. Dialometrist can deliver with any two hour window that you pick. They have knowledgeable better concerns that we know their stuff. And they got the best goods to. And if is odd dialing 1-800 mattress on the phone was easy on your instrument, check them out on the web at mattress.com. Shop on a web anytime to mood strikes you day or night. With product details, prices and photos, you can check out online or call the place your order and schedule delivery. Get factory-dread prices much lower than those chains through is even during your so-called big sales. Plus you also get from dialometrist, 12 months financing. They've got the complete line of all the top names that a mattress business ceiling. Surtha. King coil. Simmons, pepper feed against insurance and foster hewitt. So when all in sports top shows are on, you can sleep like a baby when you call 1-800 mattress, you get a little press and a best brand. That's why dialometrist and rank number one in customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years. It's the easiest as smart as these is shopping anybody could ever do. I think I do just pick up that phone or go online. Pick up the phone call 1-800 mattress, 1-800 TTR ES. Revolved the last as because it stands for Satan. It moves and bachelors. Sorry, man. Sorry, John. Sorry, John. I'm not a fly-knocker. I don't think I'd tip the power of the wind. It's gonna be so exciting for just friends. It's been told that so much in the world you've been here in today. It's been so much in the world you've been here in today. It's been so much in the world you've been here in today. It's been so much in the world you've been here in today. It's been so much in the world you've been here in today. It's been so much in the world you've been here in today. It sounds just good. Found Satan goes out at work and walked down the floor and climbed down the foot, and climbed up the floor. Oh, the leather baby, you can walk the cake in place And take over the saddle like the pole that's on its way And find the way, no doubt, it's a fear And feel like they take it from so little near Oh, oh, yeah, I didn't think it wrong for it We're just here, we're the old star And there's a deal for the lady, old star We're just here, we're the old star We're just here, we're the old star We're just here, we're the old star She came up to you, my God, son Oh, right Oh, right Oh, best thing they love for free And what you can get them to the present, these are the people Oh, right Oh, right They look so, just here, I won't let you go They're going to die, I won't let you go You're looking me, I just feel But you're up to pay my deal, I mean There are one things about Motown Almost every Motown song has been ripped off I mean, we've done by somebody else like the Beatles For example, that one Well, I mean, it's not just Motown But it's like every song has been remade at this point Hello, and the Carpenter's And everybody who ever sang a song is on Motown Even, I'm not going to go in there No, you're right, they make everything eventually sooner or later And usually not a good idea, so I can't say Remake and movies, always bad Speaking of crazy religious nuts, this is a bad piece of news, man But I'm not surprising it from Texas A forward grandmother can resume handing out religious literature to students outside Crowley High School in forward Texas As long as she doesn't block the sex of a sidewalk Where students board the school buses That agreement announced this week As expected, when a federal lawsuit by Janice Colson Against Crowley School officials who had kept her an April of 2005 From distributing pamphlets on the sidewalk and from the school She wants to bring them to Jesus, I'm sure Huh? Jesus Christ, that's the one Snacky dresser to a nice sandals by the way, Birkin stocks Lawyers were coals to the school district filed a joint dismissal Motionized week in the rest of the court Judge Terry means is expected to approve the settlement What do he means by that? When contacted Monday, Colson won a $3,000 settlement From forward school district in 2004 in a summer case Said she didn't want to discuss the Crowley agreement And what did she's kind of like candy Cowley She instead should have stayed into the Liberty Legal Institute Which filed lawsuit on her behavior The settlement includes an understil some to pay liberty legal institute for attorneys fees The Pino-based institutes is advised to protect religious freedom and first amendment rights Only for a far-bistering of Grahamville Not for Muslims not for Jews and certainly not for atheist and agnostic and all those of us are going to burn in hell For eternity because the Lord thy God is a loving God right And if you don't believe his bull crap, you're going to burn in hell That's for sure By the way anybody see the Omen the new one Yeah, please don't don't worry Go back and watch your original one again I'm telling you it's pretty damn good Gregory Peck and the Lee Remick As opposed to Lee Grant who was an Omen part two with William Holden. He was holding it 1122 votes on the pool See our archer proud of me. I think that's the only story our redsense began came in because he's very intimidating He gets he gets I pouse when I read story Plus the calls have been so good this week anyway, haven't I? They really have they really have been special and now he's right about that man. You can't touch these calls with a stick 1123 votes. What's the best evidence there is no God? None there is a God 2019 and a half percent you're not going to make it to 20 percent I'd to a clock. I'd like that God squad man. And a man a half the world is starving to go three and God meanwhile he's a sluffin Bad things happen a good people to go one. No one is ever seen God 166 Except Timothy Lurie Johnlin and murdered Michael Bolton lives 157. I hit this pool on a six Joyce fits 45 the anti-Christ Anti-Christ and prayer Sullivan get censored 26 just keep in mind. There is only There is this is Neil Rogers This is 516 15 Any better than Neil Rugg I'm going to do it I'm going to do it Now you are older you should have your hand and your arch die-bout Why did you was sitting up with her the your wife? It's another day in a life Last year your rage was 63 Time to let one go Let's have a party for public car me Now we're 64 We roll the tune I'd like to say these words Happy birthday to you You and the Beatles once were big news John and George are gone George against the jungle, shop they didn't survive Lord all wringo, he's the life Watch for the street holding some weeds in Japan on tour Alright, the white doesn't need you The boys will plead you And you're 64 Bye bye