Gang Rape is funny. Hi, I'm Jude Allison. Notice you haven't seen me in movies for a long time. That's because I always wet my pants. Remember my love scene with Jimmy Stewart, NetModdy Stratten, Fixer? I was so... Do you know, Jean-Calley's famous dance and singing in the rain? That was a rain? That was me. Thought I'm back. Thanks to Deep End adult diapers. They're so absorbent inside having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket. Oh, and each diaper has colorful pictures of the great stars of the 40s by the stairs down a little corner. And there's me. Do you know, I said, I still wet my pants. But thanks to Deep End, I'm working again. Oh, she's off the deep end now because June Allison, well... She died? That's it. Sort of hurt. Yeah. That's where we're going around. She's very dead. Anyway, before I even get to June Allison dying, Guess what will be I was watching nice night already told you. Josh, I don't know how you actually watched the whole movie, and I'm very, I apologize for sending you to you. What's that? Rear window. Oh, you don't like it? Well, in its time it was okay. It was like a, you know, it's one of those real slow 50s movies. That's what I was wearing. My very slow, and it was much going on. It was really corny dialogue and just, oh, god. I have no idea how you stay in all the way through that. You know, the fact that you watched that all the way through, and you fell asleep in the middle of the network, that tells me that you got some real problem. I think it might have been a Grace Kelly or the ballet dancer that got me through. No, the ballet dancing. That's inspiring. What about Miss Lonely Heart? That's so good. I remember having one of those pills. Did she actually take the pills or not? I guess not. Maybe the dogs took the pills. Yeah, we'd never did find out. Yeah. When you go to her, if you notice when they put the dead dog in the basket, they put to that dog in the basket. And they pulled it up, and the woman there was screaming at her. Oh, why did you hate it because you liked you? She's screaming and carrying a bitching out her neighbors because somebody curled her dog. And what they pull out of the basket is like a limp like a rag dog. Right. I guess almost to the foreseen. Let's see. Yeah. I would have the dog's name was precious. Do we really have to crow on for three hours tonight? A totally more important thing. I guess that's a big one. It's a sports nurse. We'll be watching the All-Star game. I heard the Humper say he's going to be watching it. Well, glad he will. If you guys are sure it's all won't. How many pitches would you be watching the All-Star game? I vote for none. George, we already know goes without saying none. The word about Josh. I will. I'll dabble. Oh, my. We're not asking whether you're going to dabble in the ones that you're watching. We know you're going to dabble. I'm not going to watch the whole thing. Oh, my God. Just like that World Cup final. If there was any doubt. And of course, all of the Italians here, there's 500,000 Italians in Toronto. And they were all having a field. They're going crazy. It's just going nuts. Thank God they don't live anywhere near me. But what is that all about? Oh, it's a stereotypical nationalism. Oh, that makes sense. What does that make you, okay? Especially with a big match fixing scandal, he's over there nearly in the first place. Huh? Doesn't kind of cast a dark pile on that whole thing? All the diving going on in the guy that from France that was retiring. And I have no idea what his name wasn't a clear list. He had butts to go and gets tossed out of a game. I saw that. What a whole garbage. What an eight holes that we used to say. Oh, that's a very good one. Yeah. God. I'll speak in the last. Speaking of holes. Yeah. The chief, the foam fear in chief. Two Nalas in the sunny, raspy voice, perfect wife and Jimmy Stewart. Your name Johnson, other movie heroes. He's died, who'd oughta said Monday, she was 88. Oh, that's old enough. Allison died, saturday or home in O.J. I've never heard that. I never saw him printed. Some place in New Orleans, California. Yes, O.J. He was O.J. Okay. Maybe it's O.J. Whether husband of nearly 30 years. Lost 30 minutes. David Astro at her side. She died of pulmonary respiratory failure in acute bronchitis after long-year list. During WWII, American GI's pinned up photos that were to hit with and bit it grable. But June Allison was the girl they wanted to come home to. But T.B. Blond and live with fresh-faced optimism. She seemed the ideal sweetheart in life, supporting it on threatening. In other words, sexless. I had the most wonderful, last meeting with June at her house. We were such dear friends. The minister said life long-fraid and fell on actress Esther Williams. Remember Esther Williams wouldn't see the bathing suit model? Yes, she was. She would be a day over 100 now. That's right. With typical Wonderman Allison expressed surprise in 1986 in a view that she had ever become a movie star. I had big teeth. I lisked my eyes disappear when I smile. My voice is funny. I don't think like Judy Girl and I don't fan van slice to trees. But women identify with me. And while men desire to sit to trees, they like to take me home to meet mom. The actor directed Dick Powell and went down the toilet and then she after Paul's cancer in 1968. She battled breakdowns after all those men in the disaster's second marriage. And butterbeat, butterboot, put it up. After graduating from a wheelchair to crisis, Ella was inspired by ginger-wrapped his dancing with furthest deer. That was her real name, Eleanor Geisman. She was six when her alcoholic father left. It goes on with all kinds of information about somebody that almost nobody in her audience except chicken. I know who the hell that is. And you know because he peed a lot. That's right. At least she invented those commercials. I mean we all grew up with her. Everybody grew up watching June Allison plug into pans. If you peen your pans, it depends on where you're doing it. So if you're a lot of the pan. Or just by some duct tape, all these things in real handy were day about that before the show. Like an that movie hollow man. It's a brilliant. It was a bunch of roll of duct tape in that room where they got locked into. That'll solve all your problems. Because your boyfriend is lying there with his gut's ripped flat open and all she does is take a nice piece of duct tape. And not only is it stopped bleeding and healed him up real life. But then in the last scene of the movie he comes and saves her ass. That's right. And that's great. India train blasts is in a bomba Grande. There's many bomba. There's five here in in in in. Mumbai. It used to be bomba. That'll teach them to keep changing the names of them places. You know? Well it's the British. The change is the first place. At least 15 killed in a blast rock commuter trains in your India's financial capital. Does anybody care about that? No, I'm not going to ask because you don't have no India people in South Florida. We got Indians all over the place here. Some of them are very nice people and some of them smell very bad. Except Korean thing. Here's a facts before we get into your pull results from yesterday. We will do a thousand votes I believe today which would be quite an accomplishment in the middle of summer. 546 right now and today's pull. Single-due. Oh, you can do it. Now we're going to push heavy duty for that. So, let's look at the rest of that schedule. We got a clip of a cap or a C. It's the 11th of July man. And I do not lie. And I tell you that on the 11th of July here we are at WQAmen. We still are no closer. We haven't made. We've done nothing. We're still doing the revolving duel from 2 to 4. And where are we paying a wicked price for it? What? Well, they're negotiating with Kenny Walker and his contract. But it would be pretty much a good point. And Mad Dog agreed to do 2 to 5 and a half. They're going to be like a beat him over the head with a broom handle to try to get him to go back to the afternoon's where he belongs. There's just nothing going happening. We're like in suspended animation. Like very king. Just, um, a mason's me. But the text keeps showing up there too early, which is fine. It's all I care about. But we apologize for the ineptitude and the, uh, there. What would you call it like the petrified forest, you know? Okay. You know what I mean? Like a tree that's been petrified or like a bug, frozen in amber. That might be it. They're insuspended. They just can't make a move. They're, uh, that beat should we do that? Yeah, they just ain't doing nothing. And of course, what's his name? You're buddy the GM. He's still got that lobotomy thing going. And then Duff came in this morning to tell me about that whatever he's got some, what was he got? Don't ask me. I was something. Huh? I was totally not listening. No. You knew who when I said to him. You're fairy. Oh, yeah. Way more from hell. And the ill beat says this is kind of cute. All right. I've actually judged never saw fat so did you know I never saw that one. So George gave me a spary 40. He said you saw the whole, um, imaginary hero isn't he loved it? I, I, I, I thought it was very good. Yeah. It is very good. It's great movie. You see what I mean about the groinie. Weaver. How good she is in it. It was great. She, she, she, the parkies, you mentioned the part where she walks in the head shop is great, but when she's getting arrested to me is the funniest part, what she's got in the kid. Yeah. Oh yeah. And Josh was a gay, but you might be. It figures. It makes sense. That's a great line. It makes sense. So speaking of great lines, Mark and Helen Dale V. says, just wanted to let you know that fat so was finally released on DVD. Well, I mean, I can send you guys fat. So, all right. We're just seeing it, but you and Josh hasn't. That's a keeper. I thought you'd like that. Josh has a very good sense of humor. He likes rye comedy, non-standard comedy. I think he'd like to see because a lot of the stuff that we'd play like. Get the funny tune. It doesn't mean anything unless you see the movie. You're like poor and bankrupt, who's dead. Do you want to see the only thing unless you see the movie? And then of course, that whole feeding friend. Right. I like an option. Cook a book. Maybe. Maybe. Oh, it markedly wins. In the facts is also very funny. I forgot all about that. He says, a fancier was finally released on DVD. A couple of, oh, yes, what also is released on DVD? It would. Okay. I don't think Josh would like that because first of all, I don't think he's probably that much in the belly of the ghosting number one. Number two. He should watch it. Number two. What do you see in the first 15 minutes? It just keeps repeating the same thing. Eddie, please come ahead. You know. Right. This is that. I don't know. I don't know. But I don't usually watch the other features anyway. I'm called me crazy, but I don't watch the other features. Oh, and George watched a while we a fight. Yeah. Yeah. Rhythm has been talking about it and everybody should be forced to watch that. But you won't. Mark says, I've got to see my favorite line in the movie is when Dom says to his brother Junior during breakfast. You know something Junior? You know how to run your plate. You're how much have come out even with the bread. There was a lot of stuff in the movie. You know how to run your plate. You're how much have come out even with the bread. You're going to run your plate. Yeah. That was great. That was great. Although I didn't like crazy. You like bread. You love bread. I like bread. Right. Every kid's given him too much bread. Right. I love bread. No. He says you love bread. I like bread. You mean he says to Dom. But I've given me lines from my fans. That was my line. I love bread. It reminds me of the call where you had several years ago when he asked how you worked a plate at the buffet at the Amal Coast. Remember that? How you reacted at the buffet at the Amal Coast? Oh, thanks Mark. You've got a fan so because that's a movie that everybody should see during the dog days. There's so many boring hours for you to fill. It's 180 degrees in the shade. People are going to call on which I can easily understand. And especially with a sports craft on man at World Cup. Woo! Man, there's nothing going on. I watched an HD. The entire thing from beginning to end. Okay. If you can believe that. That's probably the first time I've watched a soccer match for an instant parody in my life. And the last time too, by the way. Well, I got talking about all caught up in the height. I felt like it was a blind to watch it. Like I might miss something out there. I wouldn't have missed nothing. It is. Oh, and then you know who's a real jack-ass, which I already knew this? I guess. If Greenfield at the Melee mouth, the commentator on CNN, who never says anything who's supposed to be there. I don't know what is title. She's a jack-ass. He's a real bull. And he goes through a commentary about while the rest of the world is into soccer so much. And maybe the US can finally, no. No. Can blame the US for a lot of things including our crappy foreign policy and our idiot person. But I'm going to tell you right now. Soccer sucks. It is. So there's nothing happens. And then the guy like, oh, here's a chance. And he kicks to ball like 40 yards high and wide of the goal. We go to about 80 feet wide anyway. It is stupid. And then to the side of the championship on penalty case, they'll be like to side in the stand-like cup. I'm in a shootout. So you have shootouts in the anti-chelter in your regular season. And then you take the play off the score and soccer. They don't have it as shootouts because the games are too important. So they have overtime until somebody scores. Well, if they can't play it until somebody scored another goal, it's still going to be playing that game. So they have to have shootouts. And the guy is like, yeah, it'll be like, you know what? It's like if you were playing like dodgeball. And the guy stands five feet in front of you and he's got like a bowling ball. And he's got a golf ball. And he's at ready your head. And like you're going to get out of the way. Well, that's the chance that the goal he's got to stop and O'Sha penalty kicks. And I'm going to stop him. The one that France missed it hit the crossbar and it came down and missed by two inches going over the goal. And that decides the championship. Plus that trophy is such a little piece of crap. You know, even people who hate hockey know the Stanley Cup is a big, you know, beautiful. You know, it's got some substance to it. Got some size. But that little puky trophy for the world cup by, although I think it's appropriate. Just amazing. How many people in the middle? I'm reading very jackass rights about all the ratings. Were this and univision and all the margins of Virginia. By the way, how did Argentina Brazil do there in the final? Were they in their garden and see them for a change? Thank God. You know, that's the big thing in Brazil is that half the men are, what do I have to women are men? And the other half would like to be your honor. How that works. What the better better so we're having. 10 13 and 5 60 W few a.m. for a year's now. I've been telling you about a great place to drag all your friends. Take them to the pot. The melting pot and their fondue restaurants for what are fantastic treat this is. If you haven't been there in a while to the pot, now it's a time to go back. It's a full four-course dining experience starting with a renowned cheese fondue. And they serve it up with three different breads to dip and dunk in there. Granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes you choice a lively salads. And then your entree is included combination of all kinds of really nifty stuff like lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, cagin, seasoned chicken, pork, duck, portable or shrooms and lots more cooked in order. I got quite a stir about mushrooms later on by the way. Really? And don't forget the melting pot so many dipping sauces they really make your fondue experience a blast. And here's the clincher. When you're done with shavin all this good stuff in your post, top it off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple cheesecake, brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or graham crackers for dipping. Only at the melting pot. And like I've said all the time and it sits the truth. It isn't just another meal at another restaurant. It's a experience experience. You'll find a pot in four-loved, real kindled, vocor, or a cup of sitting north Miami Beach in Cros Springs. Tell me at Nielsen Tuning again, bye for a real fabulous eating experience at the pot. This is a meal, Roger. This is five, 16, two, three, four. I got your pro bonnet right here, homeboy. This is the grill. And we're talking hobo on five, six, two, three, two, three, two, three. Come and home me. Right here at five, six, seven. H-O-O. Five, six, uh. Come and home me. Let me talk to the Steve in Miami. Steve, you owe it me. War into mine. Well, Crow, what do the marlins have to do to win the world series this year? Or after these, they want Steve. Think out of swing to bat, hit the bow, hit the strike. Remember, the game of baseball is fitness and hitting. Who's as old as you'll have? fitness and肥 field in fitness and肥 field. And 20, 5 is if men are doing. But Crow, that's 175%. What? Don't you be quenching me? What'd you be? You think that'd be watch? David, David, I said, you be a man. Well, now I'm not thinking that. Boy, I'm a pole, there's no baseball. In the dark, well, because you get men half my son. Did you? Well, actually, I'm not doing that. I'm playing. I'm not doing that. Are you doing that? I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that. Do I mean, homie? I'm the grow. Out of G-T. Demonement of B. Ten 18 and five, sixty, W-Cube. We got a timable camper with two men, but I'll get four. And then we got the Crow, talking hardballs from four from seven to ten, and I followed by the indication. I guess we got the Crow on there, because the All-Star Game is on and we figured anybody that it's a baseball fan and we watched the All-Star Game. It wouldn't be listening about it anyway. So rather than signing off and doing transmitter maintenance, which we couldn't get these spots in there, we just throw his ass on, right? Oh, my God. Yeah, right. Another bad piece of news, just how off the wires, they're dying like flies man. Oh, you're going to be very depressed when you hear this. All you're not going to know who it is. Myelin B. Williams, who? See what I'm saying? But what I said to you who he was and what group he was with? And then what's song? Oh, man. If you had this, he wrote their first hit. If you had this song in your advanced collection, there'd be a very pleased. But I'm thinking, well, sounds like a challenge. It is. Myelin B. Williams wanted the original members of the Commodore's. died after long battle with cancer. He was 58. He died Sunday at the University of Texas M.B. Why is it that? You know, June Allison died on Saturday, and I would get to move to the Tuesday last time I checked. And this guy died Sunday, and it just takes a long time for this to come down to the bonsai pipeline, I guess. At the University of Texas M.B. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, said, Joanne Gethon, a spokesman for the band. I wonder if she's kind of like David Gethon? She sure wasn't his wife. Williams who played keyboards was literally founding members of the Commodore's, which formed in 68. While all three members work in college at the Tuskegee Institute Alabama. Never knew that, did you? No. The group whose best known member was of course the Anxious Lionel Richie had a series of hits during the 70s and 80s, including Brickhouse, Easy and, three times a lady. Go. But. But, yes. I don't want to hear that. How about Easy? No. Oh. So, he's pressing it. He's hitting it suicide by. Williams wrote the band's first hit, My scene gun, man. That's the song. It's not. Oh, yeah. I know the song. I don't want to be a great instrumental. I'm going to go get it. It's a good machine gun, man. He was once twice, three times a brother, and we love him. He gave all that he could give to the Commodore. So, always be a member to band member Walter Orange. Well, Walter Orange was probably, uh, dark. Although, you know something there are a lot of those, there are many of the groups that, which is the one thing I love about those time-life informertials, is where they have clips of the different bands that you've never saw them before. You had some of them that you thought were black, are actually white and vice-versy. Right. And some of them that you never saw, uh, you never saw before. Actually, like, Bo Dawleson and the Haywoods. He was a pretty good looking guy, Bo Dawles. The most common thing is realizing how ugly a lot of these people were. Most of them, yeah. He is survived by his wife, a two-cent from previous marriages. The funeral began Friday in Okalona, Mississippi, where he was born, or being a memorial service in LA and August. Myelin B. Williams, the name would be nothing, but if I told you he was one of the founding one of the original comedors, you'd say, Oh, my goodness. Oh, my God. Especially in machine gun. You don't gotta do it. No, but I'm getting it. I had it on a red 45. You know, in a radio business, how we went back in the days when we played music, we used to get all those radio station copies, you know, all these neat colors green and red, and they are like translucent, you know what I mean? I did receive those. Oh, it's slick. Some of the clear sea through. Oh, yeah. Some of those really neat looking 45s. Well, anyway, I had machine gun on a red disc, on a red vinyl disc. Oh, man, I was something. I wish I still had it. I don't know what I'd do with it. Where'd I have what you play it? Oh, my best. I still have a turn to hit it. One of every kids best possessions in the 50s and 60s was the automatic 45 RPM. Not the one. Not the one to hit the different variable speeds with 33 and the even 78, but just the 45, the little small one with a spindle, right? Right? Absolutely. I mean, hinge right near and you'll load up all your 45s on here. That's right. Very dine-like flies. First you and Allison, and now this, uh, schmuck. Here's George's pull from yesterday, 997 votes. Or we can top that during the show today. What was that pull? I'm not even going to go into it because I don't, I, I, I'm afraid to ask. The one before the one that you took on a Friday for over the weekend. Because I voted, I hate this pull, and I see everybody else. Yeah, he has pended that pull. Josh saw it and suggested it. I thought it was a good idea. And everybody certainly in hell, all those words on here in a youthful run. There's some of which I'm certainly in positive. You weren't saying on the air. No, I was not. No. I was saying popping. No, okay. Oh, like finger popping. Right. Right. I don't hate fouled in the midnight, as it's finger popping time, right? Poppin it. Like a zitt. What do you miss the most, George, and here's the 897 votes? There it is. There's my schmuck, man. Oh, let's play a little bit of it. None of what we're listening to, guys. This is from the Boody Night soundtrack. I've heard that there aren't enough reasons for like that, really. Right. Maximum an inch mental is really cranked my chin, but this is one of my just like it. It's funky. That's all I got. That's all it's downloaded so far. Oh, really? I mean, that's all I got. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. It works my new disc, by the way. What do you want? What kind of disc isn't really lonely? Well, did I mention I know I did, but I gotta say it again. This blackberry. What's in number? 8700? The new one? I forget. This thing is slicker than, uh, which is butt, man. It is just the best. If you've got one of them old first generation libraries, just throw on the toilet. You get to a new one. 8700. I mean, it is phenomenal. I just mentioned that in passing. What do you miss the most? 997 low gas prices. 347 and by the way, four, you must have been psychic because the lead story here in the world. Gas prices in average, 297, a gallon of second highest. Level, ever in history. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low bargain basement prices of gas. He can't get a good gas. He can't get a good gas. He can't get a great. Don't worry about the differences. The average price consumers paid for gasoline jumped almost four cents over last week. The 297 a gallon. The second highest level ever. The national pump price for regular unloaded gasoline is up 65 cents from a year ago. And not far from the record 307 weeks last September after Katrina disrupted petroleum supplies. The rise of the public flux and increase in US crude oil prices. Right. Which accounts for about half the cost of making gasoline. They always have some excuse. And then a couple of months later, they'll say, oh, action and all the other well companies reporting record profits. Stop and think about that. Okay. If they're gouging to have other public and they're making record profits, then what what's the excuse? How can there be an excuse? That's why that movie that I said you, which you ought to be kissing me on the kneecaps for that. Well, we fight. That's what you said. That's the definitive movie about the world. Why we're in a ship that it's empty. We're just tools. We don't have a chance. That's right. We're in the war business. I don't know. Or my sheen mind. We've got to keep greasing that war. My sheen. Whether it's Vietnam, whether it's her back. And they're all based on a bunch of lies. By the way, and like I told you last time, I was on, then we do a great job in Korea. That's your accomplished lot. We would have any more problems over there. Right. The price for US or the delivery in August to record $75 and 78 set a barrel last week at the New York Merckon Tyler's change. And all of you people at the gambling channel by the way, CNBC, I still say you ought to be on death row. You ought to be in prison. Kenny Layhand, but these things you have hard to take and die. When you guys are going to do it, what is that? Maria Bartherromo, we're going to turn into her bags for a box. Bitch. And your buddy David Ted, Ted David, whatever he is with a two-first names. Never trust a guy with two first names. As soon as you know who is the best example. If you look that, saying up on, uh, what can p'd you know who this picture is there? Oh, no, no, no, no. Howard David, two first names. Never trust anybody. Yeah. Right. So it goes to show you. Almost dead. The pump price has a lot of way to fall before meeting the EIA's current forecast that cancels in the lab at 276 this summer. Yeah, right. What do you miss the most low gas prices to get it in 47 democracy, 261. I remember that. The land of the free and yachty. Team 690. Freedom of speech 93, that was my vote. I was almost yesterday. Good radio 73, which of course went hand in hand, I think, was freedom of speech. Also, with less of this, you know, corporate crap. Yeah, where a few companies, a few money grab and companies bought up every damn station in America. And the FCC said, oh, go ahead, never good time. Have a good time. Just top of all up, baby. When it doubts, top of up. And acid 33. So do you like better Timothy Lee or Dennis Lee? Oh, Timothy. That'd be a good, that'd be a good, good, pull question to take some day. Timothy was more fun than a party. Oh, I don't know. You have a good time. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Look for that to the old age. Do it for hours. Double doggerian. Man, it's going to be a lot of fun today. Just have that feeling in my bones. Might not take too many phone calls today. It's like, might not take any. Because the joke is fiery forward on the crap. It's been coming in and why would that surprise me, huh? I don't know. He's right around the wall. They're somewhere time with anybody with a half a brain gets out of that toilet. This is Neil Roger. This is 560. Two A-S. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. He's at me and goes down real hard. His sentence was ahead. His throat is hot. His sentence was ahead. His throat is hot. He wanted to go away. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. His throat is hot. Somebody wants it. They want a- His throat is hot. They wantinformation. Somebody don't get out of the water. Somebody stop it. That might be small again. Someone's water for you. That'shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I said, let's see how the business either croak. Okay, here's our poll today, and it's one of my usually fine efforts. I would say I'm trying to think of what inspired me to do this poll. I don't know all those people. I was surprised on the news I said about jewelry women and I just did. Oh, right. Yeah, he's my wife. He's my wife. He's my wife. Yeah, well, he's so sure of that. Now he's now he's got her one as an independent. Still, my hookup by Crook even if he loses the Democratic primary and the August, he's still going to mind if being on the ball. Just wait. Who's going to vote for him? 632 votes other than your president. You know, so I put your president. I had Eric underlined because he's not my president. I don't want nothing to do with him. Other than your president, the politician you made the most is, the tini was there ever any doubt 279. He's done on a france of votes 44.1%. What are the great crooks in the history of the US? One of the biggest liars crooks, the biggest bastard who belongs in no question in a federal penitentiary right now. 52279, a waiting news conference on deadly Boston tunnel collapse. When how was that? I didn't see that. It's a developing story. Is it? That's what they're telling now. Get out of here. There was a Boston tunnel collapsed. How the hell could I miss a story like that? I've driven to that baby as in in times long ago. 522 that he'd dead bitch. By the way, I have a story about her later on. It says even the Republicans don't want any part of that bitch. I know. By the way, you're about her playing all man. I heard that the rain in Spain falls mainly on her playing. 52278, 2048, 4046, Tom Delay, 44 Julie Rins' God. He's got a man. He's never any doubt in my mind. He likes to say he makes me want to scream. Rich San Torms speaking of screamer is 25. That's all he cares about. This is in Pagots. Rich San Torms. That's all he knows from. Feet is in Pagots. That's a medley of his agenda. But there is that homemade car's eye in Afghanistan with the Rumsfeld. What a good pair they are. A couple of stuages. How we need over there now is. No. I hate this poll 22. Ted Kennedy 22. George Herbert Walker Bush, that was Bush 1 or Bush 41 or Bush Show. 11. That's the partner of the Saudis business partner. New King, which nine and the only reason he's only got nine is because outside of the mind. They forget how obnoxious he was. He's a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like when you go there and then like I've left my school lunchroomado one after a round of lunch he ran and sureuke Warren about him just he's on a bad guy he just week year when he's gone camel with Hurray that's a couple of waffles many of really a certain of pismые off big times starting thanks for special color but I mean increasing really day high day not that's a great water거야 but a bit better wouldcos pies strictly never gives him it's all about a prolis Sure, Luke warm about him. He's not a bad guy. He's just weak. Do you know when he's gotten Kamu with Hillary? Yeah, that's a couple of waffles, man. He's a political key. Really, you're certain to piss me off big time. Starting. Thanks for catching up. No, but I mean increasing like day by day. That's a great waffles. Wow, that a meat bed of poop. That a map and she just she's strictly nepotism. That's all about a prolacename was Smith. There wouldn't be anybody give two. Wouldn't give two. Look at that bitch. That's right. But because it's a Bubba's wife. See, and actually what it really is is that the public wants Bubba back again for a couple more terms. But if we can't have him, we'll have the next closest thing. Let's just vote for Monica. What do you say? First, you have to admit, no, did you ever go out and get the word for that? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Shocked and dissonant. Now if she wasn't a walking cow, a running perking cow, a fishing cow, if she'd away at least 600 pounds, and I'm talking to my ass. Wow. What a gigantic monstrous she is. Now she's probably eaten her frustrations. You know, she went through a lot of issues. 641, oh, a diplomatic moves on going more developing stories there on CNN, and assure them uh, well, we did just make a dollar bills. There were cut up on a bunch of bills. There were hundreds. I'd take it more of an interest. More good news from a rack by the way. Nothing but good stuff going on over there. Am I right? Oh, we're flying every day. Gunman and Baghdad are accepted a minivan carrying her coffin to the Shiaid Holy City of New Jaf today, killing all 10 people on board. Another five people were killed in a double bombing at a restaurant near the green zone. The van was attacked in the volatile southern neighborhood of Dura by gunman and two cars. Moshmood and Captain Firas Kitai, who's Moshmood? Oh, Lieutenant Fira Moshmood. And Captain Firas Kitai said, those killed were Shiaid's signature, how did we buried in the Jaf, out of her mouth, south of Baghdad, a common practice among Shiaid. So we're just slup in a coffin down there. A lot of dead bodies, a lot of coffins. A park car bombed, followed by suicide attack around footstruck a restaurant, frequented by the police. The restaurant was about 200 yards from the entrance to the green zone, the fortified area that houses the west and the British embassies and Iraqi government offices. Let's get that bad news out of the way. We were early, throw it on a ground. There you go. I just heaved it on the floor. We don't want no bad news, no mower. It's hot. It's steamy. It's sticky. It's nasty. People don't want to be like inundated by this important stuff. They want important things like America's Got Talent. Isn't that what's important? What else is? And of course, these good calls too. WQYM? I'm on my plan. Sure. I already, I was already hanging up before I even, you know what I was saying? I was the finger was back on the button. WQYM? Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, yeah, I want me other than the second, I got the song that he was at, you know, about that the Commodore song. Do you want that we just played on the year 10 minutes ago? Oh, you did. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know, I hear, you know, I hear loser. That, you know, something right there is those two. Those two, pros and cons who needs to be by the way taken out. I'm not talking about taking out for dinner. I'm just talking about taking out. Well, we could take it about for dinner. Just, uh, no, bring us that amount. Yeah, taking the looies in a blind. So, both right. And then of course, this knit with who we did, he just got through a plan. If you're just went through all kinds of herniotic, domestic stunts, that was no trouble at all. To get that for us and to play that on there. And then this guy, well, I got the song that he was talking about, that much machine gun, yeah. And he else something sir, I was trying to bang yourself. That's what I would do. Do a Kenny Lade, do the world of favor. Croke, like a frog, as they send Montreal. One of the most distressing and disturbing stories is think about the, I just, if ever there's a case not just for capital punishment, but for vigilante justice, this one is from Fresno. And this isn't about those cookie-baking anti-warped, of 80-year-old protesters out there in Fresno, either. Remember them in Furnheit? Yeah, they were dangerous. Cookie-baking of grandma's. What was it those cookies? The rape of an 11-year-old girl may have involved as many as 10 men, most of whom are football players at local community colleges. There's that jock mentality again, baby. Literally, yeah. Why are people surprised at this crap goes on? I'm not a jock mentality man. We got to be Macho and beat the crap out of women and rape them and abuse them. That's the whole mentality. Remember the other day, in the other day, the other day, the other time we're talking about the fact that most jocks, even if they're not, they claim to vote Republican all the time. It's a macho thing, that's right. That's what it's all about. You got to be with a macho party. That's what we call me a pink olfag Democrats. But you got to be with a macho like a sharp and a hashton and a running Reagan. The real macho guys. Reagan used to be macho before he croaked with them again. He forgot about those days. Police arrested too many connections with the rape Saturday night and official said they identified eight others as persons of interest. Most of all are students in either Fresno City College or a redley college. Under Greg Weed's got something to do with that. The victim or run away from a group home went to a Fresno apartment complex Saturday night to visit McQuentin said police folksman Jeff Cardinal. When Walshia was inside one bayonets, he allegedly was sexually assaulted multiple times by several men. The girl then fled the apartment and saw help from a couple on the street who called the police. The victim was taken to University Medical Center for an exam. Nackie Davis, 20 and Eddie Scott 19, were arrested on one cut each of child molestace with the victim under 14 and oral population with the victim under 18, both being held at Fresno County Gail on a hundred thousand dollar bail. The rape allegedly took place in housing arranged by the Fresno City College football team. Davis and Scott were students that really may have been in the process of transferring the Fresno City. Calls and emails to Fresno City, I'd like to inform an automated leave return. Calls to readly also an unanswered. Can I imagine why I can you? No. That's a jock mentality, maybe let's get thousand women and rape. I'm just beat them up and make them black and blow and you know. Abuse them because that makes us help a lot more much. This is meal rush, especially with the famous 11 year old girl. These five, 16, 18, watch solid. That's my junior honey. I said I'm not that good. Here's all the supplies I've given. The 50s leave. They're all that's in that room. Well, the major assignment. Now what about the movie? That's hard. The movie? The movie? It was nobody's home. They're all crazy garbage. Nobody's the floor. The leaves are weak. All I need is a lady. Closing isn't always easy. Especially if you're only given the old leaves. What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board. Get the chalk. Hey, get the chalk. Put me on the Cadillac board. It's not too good to be true. It's the Glen Gary Leads. The leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them. Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on. Do you hear me? You've five it's no matter what kind of property you're trying to close on. Glen Gary has the leads you need. These are the new leads. And you don't get done. Unless you call now, 1-800-blender leads. They're for closures. That's 1-800-getta worth. That's 1-800-have-you-made your decision for Christ. Call Glen Gary Leads now. And you'll receive 6,000 dollars. And 1-800-blender leads. Close. Oh, I also... I don't care how many. They go get a what? Great's ball. Go and buy us. Come out on a one-word. 14-11 at 5-60WQA. And here's a fact from Andy and Miami Beach who says, all the day go getting one respawn boom buzz came out of the word. We're on Sunday and South Beach. It's that stupid ass World Cup soccer match man. The one where basically almost nobody scored after was 1-1. Really early. Lincoln wrote an ocean drive was packed with thousands of Italians. Actually there aren't too many Italians in South Florida. Just a lot of... Guido's. And there's a big difference. Although to be honest with you, that's soccer. That's soccer team. They were real Italian Guido's. Tonguing, screaming and pouring around with huge Italian flags. What have they got to realize that they're in America now? If I walked around Rome like that with an American flag, I probably would be beaten. And rightfully so by the way, oh yeah, they were going crazy at Eal Coliseaux. I see 1,600,000 crazy Italians out there by the Coliseum. Did you see that? No. Also, Suzanne. But here's the part we got to do a little homework. We got to look this up. We could p-d-a. What is it? We could p-d-a.com. Yeah, I'm looking at it now. It's been so much. I got an email from the guy while back, but I forgot to look at it. Who did? I got an email from the guy saying, hey, I just wrote a Wikipedia article for Neil, but I forgot to check it out. Also, I noticed that your Wikipedia entry has been finally filed. I had nothing to do with it, know that you will not be happy with it. It is easy to change. And if you don't know how to drive into it, thanks to Andy and my new dude. What does it say? You got it? Yeah, I'm looking at it. It's so far so good. Isn't that one of those puff pieces of one of those things that, because everything on the internet about me is always negative to it. Or W-I-N-Z, the city of Hollywood wants to get me a Rogers off the air and hell and they'll want some off even worse and stuff like that. That's it. That's the legacy that I leave behind. Everybody else who was ever on it, probably even the Crow has got a better well. Of course because he was a big jock, you know, he used to take showers with guys naked. Celebrity atheist list, I made that. It seems fine. Is it the right up? Very informative. I don't see it here. Go Hollywood City Commission chastises. W-I-N-Z is near Rogers 1987. Well, screw you, Hollywood City Commission, and Muragalante too, okay? Because life is a beach you bitch. I mean, if that's the thing, you're just going to look at it. Yeah, go ahead. It'll save me the effort. I don't feel like, although the good news for Josh is that my thing, my Alex, my Alex, my Alex, two of Mars got itself straight enough today. So I can very quickly email him 50,000 storage for him. Well, thank you. Aren't you relieved now? I am. Hey, listen, all those neat movies I'm sending you. Let me write it down. I've got to get fans so far today. But what? Have to. Huh? Not only did Tito write in the ad at what article about you, but at the very bottom, there's a link to the neolraders.com website. Well, good. We need all of, we got 247 odd friends there on our, my spacing. We're pretty impressed by that. Our goal is, our goal is a thousand. If we can never get up to a thousand friends, there are some chicks under it like six thousand nine thousand. By the way, speaking of chicks, thanks for the, you're one of the semi-dataumbradies asked for you there. I mean, yeah, you just have a uniform. I was kind of cute. She has a thing for Tom Brady's ass, I guess. And I heard you had a thing for Tom Brady. No, I don't. I don't have a thing for anybody's ass. Trust me when I tell you. Why did you just know what you did? Is he just semi-dataumbradies? You facked me. Sorry, Ron Page. This paid the revenue down here. Also, Andy and I meet Veech Facts. He's so fine. Yeah, we're ready to be here. That's a good way to kill those. I'm coming out, you know, I grabbed the wrong key. Okay. WQAM Hello. QAM. Wouldn't this be a shame if I find with a side-ticker collar, too? WQAM Hello. Hello. Good. Hey. Yeah, good. Uh-huh. Do do do do do do. Very weak. But that must have been curly. WQAM Hello. QAM. Mr. Rogers. Yes. I have a thought. What? This is a spy. I don't know how to blue. But why would any other country want to get rid of us? Who are they going to sell them? Bullcraft, too. Nobody buys more crap than this country. You know what I'm saying? So without this country, who's waiting on the cell that crap? China. Let's see talking about. Oh, here you go. New Rogers. The Wikipedia, the free and second-of-peter. We directed from the O Rogers. What does that mean? I don't understand what that means. Don't be a, whatever. Radio personality, Boba Bokke. T, you need to do it. No, wasn't February 76 was March 1. Okay. Okay. Worked in several cities including WQAM D or as weak they send it to a WQAM. His honor personality, a stick that may be misdescribed as constantly comic as your name, highlighting throughout his career until recently, of course, when the whole station's in the toilet. And he's considered somewhat of a local icon. Oh, I'd rather be an icon or class. Yeah, I couldn't see that. Can you? Yeah. Would you think about it? Ha ha ha. A typical Roger show consists of commentary of Roger's mixed with listener callers and his first with pre-recorded comedy, but he's been described as a shock jack. Although he's not so in a classic sense of radio personality such as Howard Stern while thank God for that. Who the hell wants 500 million a year or whatever he's getting in here? God. How can he have an ego when you're making that kind of money? I just astonishes me for the kind of money that he's making. I would check the ego in here and the nose at the door. Wouldn't you? That's just, that just for just like 10% of it. Several successful radio personalities could be protegease of Roger's included Bob Lassiter and Randy Rhodes. Well, Bob Lassiter. Bob Lassiter. I keep reading his blog entries every day. And what is it? Lassiter. What is it? Bob Lassiter.com. And lately, like the one yesterday about how he's, after all his business about his kidneys are failing and he might be a kidney still. He doesn't know. I'm hoping for a Bob L. hanging there, Bob L. Currently Roger's lives in Toronto. No, I don't live in Toronto. I just hang out here most of the time. We broadcast his show remotely. Ha ha ha ha. We're in the whole planet. Oh, yeah. When you ride WQM, everybody broadcast remotely. That's a good one. That's the best ever saw. Who did that again? Tito is Tito Albrecht, a local fan. Thanks, Tito. I wonder if he and MJ are busy with that one. March or monument to me over in Bahrain. We'll fix that one. Everything we can pay for over there in Bahrain. Okay, everybody else is taking a graph. Talk to my kid given. I needed to keep feeding those machines, man. I'm done with those machines. What are killing me? Six hundred, eighty-one votes on our poll today. Six eighty one. Do you think we're going to make that thousand? Oh, yeah. We can get up to 800 by what? By noon? I think we got it. All right. We can do a hundred an hour. Start liquid. Six eighty two. Who was it that said that? Was it Tom Hopkins said that? No, that was uh... Suds. Suds. Now, so I hear a spiry port that says it's been on with it. Who the hell does he have? I don't know. What are your five? Somebody says, start liquid. Oh. You want to my spy told me that he had says I'm Friday and I thought, well, what's new about that? Nothing. Does he on every Friday now? Well, like every other Friday, whatever he can make it. Whatever he can make it, wherever he can get some good things right. The feeding. Maybe Johnny Darkwood coming visit you. I'm sorry. It was really lucky. Oh, I got to play that jingle. Why? Which one? Johnny Darkwood. Yeah, that one. Poll. Oh. Oh, you said the first part. No, he didn't. He said the whole word. You're good. I got an article here that you are going to be squeezing your kneecaps. You're going to be so excited because I know that at least one of these people you hate like poison. Really real my pants. Oh, god. Yeah, rolled your pan. In fact, we're doing Allison when you need her. You can probably go through a case of depends. You're going to be just peeing all over yourself when you hear this. At the parents. Ted Raw. Somebody will help. I'm going to be in with. I just posted one of his cartoons today. It is a matter of fact. He writes dates and buffed a thousand times worse than canlay. How do you like that? OK. I don't have time to do it right now. I'll do it after the top of the news. Oh, I do have time to rip down Abrams and ants. First of all, he's an ants to begin with. Anybody who watches MSNBCL five of us. He's a real egotistical jerk who, you know, he's a lawyer in his father was a famous journalist. So he thinks he's a hot, he's hot stuff. And he's a jerk. And it shows us a real loser there on MSNBC. Like they usually do, it's kind of like how our primary KAT only on a much bigger grander level. Hey, Dan, how'd you like to be in the general manager of MSNBC? Oh, yeah. Let me see it again for the umteam time, the only thing that they have on that network is Keith Obermann. That's the only thing as they continue. And I did you watch out for Fost yet? No. Well, why not? I sent you that nice package of other young metal rezon here. And how can we have a watch out for Fost yet? I've been a busy man. Well, watch it tonight. I mean, if Josh did even watch a major interview. I mean, I was very heroes. Now, that one scene there. I mean, there was something, you know, I guess the kiss is probably a little bit disturbing. But you could kind of feel that coming anyway. So to speak. Yeah. I told George, I was just funny that my roommate happened to be walking in when I, when that scene came on. No, and he perfect wanted me to say again. Yeah, he, he, he, he, he, he's like, yeah, he's like, yeah. He said, yeah, he's like, oh, very, no, you're roommate. Right. Is this the Russian chicker? Is this a guy roommate? No, I got a guy's roommate. You got a guy and the Russian chick? I don't live with the Russian chick. Well, why not? Come on, man. It's some space, buddy. You live with a guy? Yeah. With all the big bucks that you're making. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And my guy, you got to be kidding me. Well, I kind of must interfere when the Russian chicker. I guess you must over to her. Who she live with. She lives with the parents. She lives with her parents. She lives with her parents. You live with some guy. Well, like I said. I know it's a good idea. I know it's a good idea. I know it's a good idea. Yeah, and what whatever the hell that show is, super natural. Super natural. I ain't going on. You know, we got rooms. Yeah. I got a news for you. If Sam was your roommate, I'd be over there before midnight. Push on the beds together. Yeah. Push in something. I you maybe, but I will. I'm not. Ha ha ha. So what are you trying to say now? You got a male roommate in your book. You're sleeping. You don't have double beds. You got a, what is this? You sleep in the same bed, did you say? No. In a hammock. And that would be your sand story that will take us to the next. 1090 votes on a poll. Oh, God, we're so I kind of heard you waiting this here today. We can make a thousand today. I might come back for a while on Thursday. This is a new Roger. This is this is five sixty two. A. This is a new Roger. Show. Show. Show. Show. Show. Show. Show. Show. Now, even Patricia and Tom Cruise. Look, you never know what I'm going to do. You're not going to jump on my couch or I'll break your arm. So now the story is, your marriage between you and Nicole wasn't recognized by the Catholic Church. Well, you know, maybe your wedding wasn't acknowledged because of your sex group page with young men. Who did I say that allowed? I've always been that way. You know, are maybe the Catholic Church just named cool with that whole scienceology plus set of eating things. Listen, I really ate the placenta. Whoa, I ate the gut soup. And I did a video tape and so I go back and look and see. Maybe the Catholic Church just named Tom with crazy people. It's not a patient. We'll be right back. You said. I don't know what it's five sixty. WCM happy Tuesday, July 11th. I got bad news. More celebrity death. Oh, no. You know how they always say celebrity deaths come in threes. Somebody said that. I don't believe it. Well, they're right. First it was a June Allison and then it was the guy from the Commodore's whatever his name was. Nobody heard of. Now, sit there. Oh, no. Oh, yes. Pink. Sit there. The trouble genius who co-founded Pink Floyd, but spent his last years in reclusive anonymity, has died a spokeswoman for the band said today. He was sixty over here as music. I don't know him. Maybe his own. Yeah, no, it's horrible. Oh, very lucky. Oh, kind of like my buddy there. What's his name been Harper? No, much worse. Really? Really? I didn't know it was possible. Oh, yeah. The spokeswoman who declined to give her name until the band made an official announcement can confirm me to reports that he had died. She said, very died several days ago. See what I mean? But he didn't disclose the cause of death. It's summer from diabetes for many years, oh, oh, d'an. d'an d'an. He had suffered from biabetes. Veracoph other pink Floyd 1960, five was Roger Waters and Nick Mason, wrote many of the bands early songs. The groups jazz infused rock, mint and dirlings at the London psychedelic scene, and the 1960s have albumed the purple at the Gatesed Dawn largely written by a bearer. Also five years before the release of pink Floyds, he also wrote. I think there's a word on this in here. Pink Floyd's most popular album Darcy at the moment. He was replaced by David Gilmore. Who is not related to Buddy Gilmore or George Gilmore or John Gilmore, even WWE Millmore. I don't think. Here at release two solo albums, the Mad Camp last and Barrett. But soon withdraw from the music business to all together. I hate Pink Floyd by the time. I don't care. I don't know. He spent much of the rest of his life living quietly in his home time in Cambridge, and where he was a familiar figure. Often scenes cycling or walking to the corner store. Unlike of course, some people we know who are like in the last days, act and really bizarre. Right, Kurt? Oh, yeah. Let's see that movie again. Let's watch this. Oh, yeah. Maybe we missed something right here on the ear. Maybe there was something that we missed about the whole of it. I told you that one scene there. I thought I did, so I backed up the end. I like it. I especially like the scenes where we watched the leaves blowing in the wind. That was really something. There must have been something symbolic about that. I missed being the stupid old fan of my friend is blowing in the wind. Oh, is that it? I thought he worked a little like Bob Dylan. Despite his weird, rare, bearish, fragile, wistful songs into his many musicians from David Bowie who can cover the bird tracks. See Emily play. The other members of Pink Floyd would cordon be album. Wish it would hear his attribute to their troubled bandmate. Fans, folks, instead of small, private funeral would be held and we'll let you folks know when it's going to be. So all you Pink Floyd folks. You know, just like the people who probably went to Jerry Garcia's funeral. Right. All the stories. You know, every group has got their groupies. If you got a group, you got a groupie. If you got a groupie, if you got a groupie, you got a groupie. Something like that. Speaking of it, it's Danny Williams as I started to say before Pink Floyd interrupted me. Boy, they're dying like flies now. It's unbelievable. How dying, how amazing. Incredible. We got seven hundred votes yet on the pool because we can get to eight by the top of the R by noon. I think we got a really solid, solid shot. 702 rhymes with Jew, Lee Rerman. Who's been pretty well on the pool. Oh, then the president, your president, what politician you despise hate the most? Dick Cheney, three fifteen boy, nobody can touch your vice president. Catherine Harris, seventy one, ten. Of course, sixty three. The wildly popular governor of Florida, fat actually have boy 63. We hate them. Lyr, family, a total dysfunctional family, hypocrite, BS artist. Hillary 51, Tom Delay, forty seven, Julie Rerman, thirty four. Rick Sandstorm, twenty eight. I'm surprised that many people even know who he is that. Right, Wayne Lunatic. Ted Kennedy, twenty four. That's bad. I hate this pool, twenty two. George Bush, the one, twelve. New King Rich, ten for Newdy. Rick, every New Julie on E9, John McCain, eight. If they watch that movie, you see they have a watch that movie. Why are we fight? They need to, everyone needs to. But they won't. Al Gore for Bill Clinton for John Kerry, only two. John Kerry comes in dead last. He did win. That's your president by the way. He won the election amazingly enough. That's fight of his very type of campaign. By the course, just like they did with Catherine Harrison, Florida, they had kind of blocked well in Ohio and they, uh, they rocked the boat. Can't rock the boat, fix it. Well, they sure are fixing MSNBC. They're doing a hell of a job over there. Just like our man's misdemeanor QAM, not. Then Abrams is shuffling the deck is ways and shuffling the deck. Because he's not going to be on the Abrams report anymore. Thank goodness, who is their new anchor on edit for in six and the afternoon? Mother Tucker Carlson, that's stupid right wing Twinkie with a bow tie. Oh my god, hey Tucker. You're pathetic. Just pathetic. The reason they moved him up to a lot of the clock at night is because the ratings were invisible on his show so they moved him up to when most people are asleep. And now they're going to reward him. I put him on a right and broad daylight when people are awake. MSNBC, the network with a death wish, the only good piece of news is that going off the air will be reed across the live and the record reed across the who has been doing the 10 to 11 slot Monday through Thursday. Hardballs, countdown and scoreball country remain intact. Countdown is keep over it. The 10 to midnight slot Monday through Friday's will be MSNBC Investigates and expansion of the MSC and date line documentaries which have seen summaries and promenarming Friday nights. Oh, you know, they have that on all weekend. I like those shows with John Singethar, we've ever seen of those? Yes. Yes. Yes, some of those are pretty interesting. But my god, they're on all weekend. That I just don't get it. That'll be like I put in the crow on from a seven to ten because the all story game is on. An active lunacy, an active self-imulation, an active self-destruction. We have a death wish. Even Charles Branson can't believe this radio station. We got a death wish, baby. Three hours. Three freaking hours of the crow. I liked that one. Oh my god. Have a you know. No thanks. This was not a decision by driven by the ratings for live and direct in the her off the internet. I'm talking about she's going to be on MSC and VMA. She's going to do all kinds of crap. This will actually enhance readers visibility throughout the network here. The total discussion that I can't stand, it means they put them in charge. It would be like putting clearance in charge of QA, a rubber greeper or both of them, an active lunacy, an active total irresponsibility. 719 votes on the poll. I think we're going to do it today. That will really, that will just keep me going right through the summer time. If I'm the 11th of July, I do want to hear this Ted Raw column or not. I do. Love Ted Raw. Well, we got people dying, man. It's more important when we hear that I'm dying on the here. I mean pink Floyd and the Commodore's and we got only those. Maybe the 1910 fruit gum companies, somebody from that group will die. We can only hope. Don't say that out loud. Ted Raw writes, gates and buffed a thousand times worse than Canle. He says Bill Gates warned Buffett and Canle all thieves compared to the world's two richest men, however, lay with small potatoes. So why are we praising them and kicking LeWa he's down six feet down? Yeah, yeah, I watched his documentary and run the smartest guys in the room. Leena sent him to E.o. Jeffrey's going to use bluster lives in a bunch of fictional Excel spreadsheets and an updated Ponzi scheme to create what appear to be the nation's seventh largest energy company. Even when the truth that Enron had negative net assets was about to come out, they continued to talk up his BS company and is fraudulently inflated stock. Sure, holders, many of them employees as retirement savings were invested in Terlion Enron. Believe his reports that the company's finances were solid. Brock solid. Meanwhile, while he lies through his teeth the thousands of women who be ruined because they believe to me secretly cashed out millions of dollars of his own. Federal prosecutor said that Leena's killing illegally built in run out of 182 million dollars, including company bonuses paid during their conspiracy to pump up the company stock and lays use of its line of credit to pay off millions in personal debt for our such items as a $200,000 dollar yon for his wife Linda's 2001 birthday party. When Leena died last week of a heart attack having been found guilty of fraud that led to the 2001 collapse of Enron, he had been waiting for sentencing. The New York Post noting that Texas law may protect Leena's estate from $143.5 million dollars the SEC had sought his restitution. Public or restitution, it sounds like a good song. Let's play it. Published one of its instant classic front pages pictures of the deceased executive and a coffin over the headline before they put Cheetos lit in Cheeto lays coffin in the grave. Check he's in it. How do you like that? New York Post before they put Cheeto lays coffin in the grave. Check he's in it. True, Leena was scum, but the ice put on your gray back is new phenomenon. Cool and everwish as tightens of industry. Typically we've saved the kid gloves people when they pass out of the great equities desk. In 1989, Steven J. Ross chairman and chief executive of time Warner paid himself a record 78.2 million dollars more than 9,000 times they have a salary of his employees thousands of whom he had cheerfully laid off the year before. When some cynics mentioned that Ross's victims might be jumping for Georgia the news of his 1992 death from prostate cancer, they were universally and loudly announced as rude and unfelien. Lays stole $43.5 million dollars. Ross over paid himself at least 78.2 million worth $121.9 million in today. Now consider investor Warren Buffett and Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates worth $44.5 million in respectively according to Forbes. Each one is accumulated 1,000 times more cash than Ken, number one, Bush campaigned on her lay. The worst supposed to like any even admire these robes. Buffett and Gates may not have broken a laws all the in Gates case to Clinton and suggested to Permathauty cheated millions of workmen and sumers by violating anti-trust laws, but it's hard to see how their billions are more ethically legit than Lays must be gotten millions. Sorry, but working hard doesn't cut it. I don't care if you say late at the office early night, work weekends and holidays, you're never going to vacation. It doesn't matter how smart imagine they were lucky you are. It just isn't possible to earn $44 billion in a single lifetime. Not honestly anyway. Gates in Buffett have created a lot of pain and misery on the way to earning their combined $94 billion. Bear in mind that's what they're worth. That doesn't include what they've spent. Gates scanned his dough the old fashioned way over charging his customers and underpeng his employees. Somewhere along the line of accumulating 50 billion doesn't occur to a guy that he could charge a little less than $200 for buggy instantly off the lease software or that it's time for a company wide raise. Take it even higher gas, they unionized him and remark in workers instead of building plants in the third world of relying on the slave labor of prison inmates. It's harder to drive direct line between Buffett's convoluted arbitrage machinations and the reduced incomes of thousands of other people, but anyone who's been downsized by a sureholder terrorized managing board has experienced the impoverishing of the workers whose employer is he targets. Now we're supposed to be shocked and odd by Buffett's decision to give $37 billion about 85% of his assets to Bill Gates Foundation. Stunning in its generosity, Arab Decriction Science Monitor. The scale of Mr. Buffett's philanthropy is matched by its good sense, timed in the Washington Post. Recent grants paid out by the Gates Foundation to include $100,000 for the Museum at Pearl Harbor, $241,500 of five sustainable public ancestors computer hardware and software upgrades to libraries in LA and $21 million to provide curriculum and support for teachers as part of a transformation in an infrastructure prepared Chicago public students for a success in post-secondary education. Good causes all but maintaining Pearl Harbor is one of the reasons we pay federal taxes. What is the national award memorial need help from Bill Gates? Long-canned health wonder where the LA libraries in Chicago schools might be less cash wrapped in the first place if so much of our societies well-hanven monopolized by America's tiny increasingly powerful oligarchy rather than going to city taxpayers in the former fairway using affordable computers. Factoid, the average member of the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans has seen this income raised three and a half times from $800 million adjusted to 2006 to 2.8 billion in the last one years. Meanwhile, the real income from more than half the population increase is zero, not a zip. The integrated Buffett acknowledges the rising income disparity. Where it's gone on in this country in recent years is a huge benefit to the very rich and not much to the relief to those below he told Fortune in 2005. The philanthropy won't slow the West side into third-world them and doesn't help the philanthropist victims. All things considered a $45 million tout like Canle, Herzim or Kales and a $44 billion one-like Bill Gates consider a burger who boost your TV and then thinking better of it don't add to it to an orphanage. His acted generosity beats the alternative keeping him from himself but you probably prefer that he returned it to you or petty and steal it in the first place. As your buddy said, raw, how do you like that pick it on for Bill Gates? This is new Rogers. And give me a moment that one buffer. The ride I am not a Nazi tire of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting its fair and balanced even though anyone with an IQ over four can see it's not. It's Fox News with a powerful prime timeline of so powerful that we're going to keep repeating the word powerful as much as possible. First it is. It's the O'Reilly fact. Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh you said two senses and I have not interrupted. Bill Bill if I could go on on on on. I'm not letting you get away with that. And at nine it's more debatable debate on Fox News. Kennedy and Holmes discuss the issues of the day at the top of their own. Tonight's a subject. Hillary Clinton, Issue at Frace, Twisted Livre, or just a vicious can I think bet. Well I just shut up, Ellen you. Come in. Then it's him. Fox News presents the edge with Polo's arm. We don't know why she has a show. But she's your little scut. Tonight on the edge we'll examine why two of W Bush is the greatest president in the history of the universe. And we'll hear from both sides conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans. Fox News that's coverage is always fair accurate and balanced towards our point of view. On Fox News Fox News we distort you decide. After then we expect. Yeah okay. 745 votes on that pool baby. We're going to make that 1,000 if it's the last thing we do. And then we got both camp or camp or camp or coming along with a big new camp from Dan Dowd to Soundfront of the Universe and he died. What for? How more could you want? And my dog three solid hours is no Marlin game because we got the all-star game and we don't have it. We don't care in the all-star game. Who the hell would want to have that wedding? Have the crew on for seven or ten, right? Right. I mean, what are the chances? You notice even on that and we got that embarrassing ad for sales people for our boy to room back there? It says if you're one of those people who wants to something about sports you're a little bit slow. That's what if you like taking showers with guys naked like Josh does with his male roommate. And to this day I never realized that that you lived with some guy. I thought you were shocked about that Russian chick. No man. Need to force. Space is good. Space is good. That's what it is. At least about two feet between those beds. That's why he's doing nervous about watching that show. The super natural. That's why he gets so nervous. It's like two closed to home. I always like that hell right man. Wait till he hears that it's you're going to love this. I probably should take some calls to where we're here and they don't know maybe one or two because your report hasn't been to uplifting. Plus only be an honest few hours. You know, every week. I got to make the most of it baby. I got to make the most of it right here. That's right. India trained glass. Well, 70 people live and they got over a billion people over there. So you know what's 70 more. That sounds insensitive and terrible thing to say. Do we do we know what the child is that Anderson pooper man. He sends me straight to the pooper. Oh god. He has such a fruity looking thing. You know hey Anderson. You're fair. God. He's just what what is the big deal with him. He's the new era parent over there at CNN. He's got a bad as MSNBC one. He's got connections. And that must be it. In the sack. In fact, maybe there are two beds. Our not a few inches apart. Maybe they're like connected. Maybe it's just one big one. Maybe a big queen size. US Senator Hillary Clinton took his shot a secretary state 10 black ball of Cincinnati Republican candidate for governor yesterday during a third visit to Ohio this year. Or did I just talk about came black ball in the still on Ohio election in 2004? Yes, just speaking to more than 3,000 people at an actual conference of a corn. The association of community organizations for reform now a corn and acute. Very. Do you ever eat chestnuts? That's that I can recall. You know, in the winter time, you know how they have like we need stands and big cities all around Europe have dogs and sausages. I have dogs roasts. But they have, yeah, chestnuts roasting on and open the spire in the Italy and wrong. I'm sure I've had that. Now I don't think I've right. Maybe when I was a kid I just not. I'm over the smell of them. Anyway, at the National Conference of Equal and Hillary prompted Wolves and Holler's by saying let's make sure that we count every vote in our elections. What a concept. I think they got service in Mexico, which they do. It's an also called for an increase in the minimum wage. If you'll have, if it makes you how about number seven voters will be asked to approve raising it from 515 an hour to 685. Well, let's see, you figured out. 515 an hour just narrow it off to 5. That's 200 bucks a week for 40 hour. We could have come to that 10 grand a year. Even Josh Cordes has been making more than that. Yeah, that's more than that. That's more than that. Mm. A couple of bucks. Referring to presidential races Clinton said this country deserves to have an electoral system that has integrity. I know there's been a problem here in Ohio and hope everybody from Ohio is watching this election like a hawk. Don't let them fill anything over your eyes again. Without naming blackwell, sentence said one of the people running for high offices actually running the election. That should not be permitted as a conflict of interest. We got to take back our democracy, she be saying. Carl Lollabaros, folksman for blackwells, given a Toro campaign, said Clinton is welcome to come to Ohio November and we'll make sure everything is handled on the up and up. Yeah, up yours, Carl Lollabaros. Remember what happened to Carl Lollabaros? Right, we'll see him do. Got on the car in a way to Vegas, no one said any of your phone commands in the back seat. Well, even pay him, he got leafgurited. Well, even pay for flight La Parro said as long as Clinton stands right next to the Democratic candidate for Governor U.S. Representative Taylor Strickland, Clinton was in Ohio last month to raise money for Strickland and U.S. Representative Sherrod Brown Kennedy for U.S. Senate. She also criticized the government's hurricane response license here in federal cuts into Washington systems. But you know something about her? I'm still I'm still going to say the same thing. Yeah, sure. She had to be working at the Waffle House. She's a leaf on the winds. She would just talk about it. Yeah, that's correct. She's a leafgurited on the wind. 775 and we're still alive for that thousand. He hit him with 18 shots and he's still alive. I just love the way Solato says that. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. You remember that? Oh, he was good. Solato, so Virgil Solato, but we don't know who the actor was. I think he's did it, probably. He like, well, I'll let the was still alive. That's the band of us. Well, I can't get over that. I have a easily trying to hold a grudge in life, but in his case, I'll make a reception. Even Sophia, I mean, you know, she can't help it better. Daddy was the, you know, director, director of the movie and that Daddy also had his daddy conduct a music. It would have to do with any incest and you're speaking a hell of a short. In sister relationships, man, that's what it's all about. A tempest in a peep pot. That's how June Allison wanted to describe it. For everything to her was a peep pot. It had movie where window really sucks, you know. I hate to say it. Well, no, listen, 1954, back in the day, taking an ancient style, that's the way movies were. Very slow and very hard-seafed, far-seeing. We saw a lot of close-ups of Grace Kelly, which she was, she was pristine, man. She was just gorgeous. That's who I was. And what else she was doing with Jimmy Stewart? I have no idea. He didn't seem to be at least interested anyway. Would her without the broken leg? Without the cast and that's right. He didn't seem to interested. He was more interested in watching Raymond Burr keeping. Well, Raymond Burr, you know? Okay. What does that tell you? What do not you? Al-Lateri, Lateri. Burr goes into the sea. And the sand part of it is we don't have any still also drop-ins. All the stuff. All we do? I don't know. That's not we don't have any still a glaring omission. We do have this. Look, we're actually streaming with the fishes. Right. According to a story in today's New York Times, representative James Sense and Brown, the powerful Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Republican Wisconsin, is the primary impediment to George H. George W. Bush's Times Federation Reform, according to Raj Story. The Times says that in the sense of right in 1963 can be neutrally described as a Washington piece of work, a big bellyg termudgeon, with a taste for old caddies upon tuned boats and enormous cigars, big stillies. He's equally at home discussing policy in my new show or the disgusting details of his Dalmatians' recent intestinal problems. You know, ordinarily we'd have some sound effects that we can't do it. Yeah. Surprisingly, Democrats on his committee, praised and subredder for his current situation, seeing willingness to heed their concerns. His conservative populism often rub his House Republican leadership many several Republicans in the Bush White House the wrong way. He's emerged as the chief voter of the House's enforcement first approach, emphasizing border security, criminal penalties for illegal immigrants, and sanctions against employers or higher than. The Congressman described by even his friends as prickly can't take risk and unpleasant as no tolerance for illegal immigrants. He even usually do it yourself car wash, rather than risk having his Cadillac clean by someone of uncertain national origin. And he's made. He probably would be asking for their papers for their birth certificate, their passport and whatever. Let me see up, papers. And he has made clear as refusal to compromise with the Senate and the President's friend offered me to say, path to say, you go Jimmy, you go illegal means just that lawbreakers, you don't belong here in a first place, go back where you came from, okay? And quit pouring across the border. Might as well be that movie with all of that movie. My tutor with Matt LePanzi and I love you Newton John. No, she wasn't in the movie, she was at what all, briefly. After she told everybody she was a die-combat and I told him that that would have lePanzi, something like that. Don't see him know what? That was pretty cute movie. My tutor, you saw it in the assetted. Nothing wrong with that movie. And you remember the illegal aliens who were like the Housekeepers? Yes. We tended to no speak any ways. That's your reminded me a lot of South Florida, a lot of that going on. Oh, no speak any ways. Unless of course you're talking about me or if it comes necessary at the moment. That's right. 27 past 11. That's pretty much. At 560 WQM finally a TV experience like no other ticket for me. Comcast Digital cable with on-demand is easy to use unless you take viewer control to a whole new level. With Comcast on-demand TV is on your terms because you can select to show on your schedule and pause every might whatever you'd like to. And for a limited time, you can get connected to Comcast Digital cable and HBO on-demand for just 34.99 a month for your first three months. Why is TV so much better with on-demand? Well, I'm glad you asked. For starters, you can watch over 3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On-demand is ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home and program shows, guitar lessons, and so much more. You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it. You sure can't get all this with satellite. So, did you dish today and get big savings up to 515 bucks? Plus on-demand, you can go to your own TV schedule. And best of all on-demand is free with Comcast Digital cable. So, pick your show time. Sit back and you wonder how you forgot along without it. Call today in order Comcast Digital Keeble and HBO with a power bond demand for just 34.99 a month for your first three months. In Vade call 305 Comcast or in 954 Comcast, call today for full-details certain restrictions apply. And then, who are you? It's a little bit more important. The mountain says, so, hey, I am not a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. I'm a senator. Oh, it's all the boys wars, all the boys wars to create a more I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! Over the dead toll in the India train blast rises to release on 3rd and 5th. Our treaty is pretty long. Wow! I'm going to do not know. I'm happy about it. Of course, we're not happy about it. They were probably in an instant hard-working career. 6-10-9 at 5.60W. We're almost at the halfway point today. My god, this four hours seemed awfully long to me. At least 2-10-60 more wounded too. And I was exposed to a deer wound by. Which used to be bomb day. What used to be room by? Well, and they changed it back again. Maybe it'll be a serlon again instead of Sri Lanka. Because if there's anybody listening from Sri Lanka, we hate you like, poisoned. Don't take it personally unless you want to. And if you want to feel free. I don't think I've ever met one. Well, of course, if you look at a map and you see that little turret under any other, it's like, dropped a little number there, you know? In the middle of the Indian Ocean. I don't want to talk to me started on Sri Lanka. Anyway, here's some exciting news for you. Getting this all hot off the press board. Thank goodness for my computer. See, one thing about me here. I never lose my service like you guys there. Yeah. I don't know. Why is that? Because I'm here in your there. Because first of all, I don't want to see you have bells down. 7-82. I think that's it. That's it. We'll be over 800 by noon. We'll get that 1000 easy. Like phone off a cliff. A federal judge heard arguments in a lawsuit arguing that President Bush overstepped, and that's a bloodbath bush. Overstepped is authority when he authorized the use of war on this fire attacks on Americans. Absolutely. The arguments came less than 2-way safety Supreme Court ruled that the Bush administration overstepped it's authority in setting up military tribunals to try war on. To try war on terror detainees. That's it. That's a new catch all. Clay Shea. War on terror. How do you less nabled based in Guantanamo? I'd get Mo. Get Mo for your money. Just get Mo. No, no, no. The ACAD you asked the judge and Detroit rule that the warless war attempts are legal because they circumvent the foreign intelligence surveillance act Pfizer, which requires the executive branch to obtain a warrant before engaging in the electronic surveillance of Americans. Those warrants are obtained in a secret court which has only denied 3 week course in nearly 30 years. Not 3-day men. Which allows law enforcement to initiate surveillance before the war is obtained. And that's what will see what happens there. The Supreme Court already gave me the old finger right up the old shoot. They stuck it to him. Although I think he enjoyed it. That's what I'm hearing. Wouldn't be the first time. You know that Bush family man. They sure like to courouse and drugs and coke in the war that we've got. Yeah. The bonesman. 788. And you can't say that no more of the. Which could be the Kingsman and he can't say that either because they did Louis Louis, which they're talking about, looking out whatever they're whipping. So any can't say that either. So I think that we've got about the. Fundamentalist Christians. What is that big call? Which one? Oh you know the one where you call. We can't watch this because this is easy. You know we can't. Oh they're like a two-bathed animal life. But there's the Louis Louis Louis. There's the Kingsman. And what not? It's not like the least 150 times in reach number one every time. Yes. And there is a rate. Off color word. Well that's good to see that again. Okay. It goes back to all these made up things. The germ. They couldn't understand what the other was saying. So it was a make up a bunch of crap and all of a sudden they. They heave it against the wall and some of its sticks. And that's one of those things were. Folklore tells us that there are Louis and that song that are like your really bad news. Of course that also was back to the period of time when it were a bunch of lunatics trying to sense things on the video. Look where we are now like 40 years later. Good thing that's over with. Yeah good thing they're not trying to sense or anything on radio or TV anymore. Let's say the Kings Kingston trio. I sure wish I could get the MTA. Oh boy. I'm not going to find that. I guess I'll have to go into the music store. What are you talking about? The Kingston trio. You don't have that. You've got time to do you. I'm sure. Because I know I got that. Let me see what I got. What I don't know. I don't know where you're. I don't know where you're. I don't know where you're. I like that. I like the Kingston trio. And they also did peak figures. We're all flowers. Well I just I just got the words off my lid. As I already. That's already cranked that baby on capital record. No one. So let me talk up and I can be very nice. What do I want the MTA? The MTA. It reached number 50 and the charts. Time to reach number one. Kingston trio. See that was back in the late 50s and early 60s when a folk music. All of a sudden when people started like and we had to protest songs and join by as in Judy Collins and all of these people in all the world. As opposed to the, well I mean we got a little bit of that today. You don't have the MTA right? I'm getting it for you. I don't have it. You have it but I don't have it. I'm gonna get it. Protest song written in 1948. How do you like that? I never knew that. Well, let me based on traditional folk song, The Record of the Old 97. As opposed to the record of the old John B. The stupid, the stupid, stupid John B. The record of the gold, the stupid John B. Oh man, am I losing it or why? There it is. Wow. I'm thinking we know we got soup John B. I'm there to see. I gave you like a second or two I stall for you. Thank you. I talked it up again and it looked like a really good spot. I'll stop for you know. Okay, that's enough of that soup John B. Now what about MTA? Are you getting it? I'm getting it. It'll take a while. Based on the traditional folk song, The Record of the Old 97. Well let me know when you got it. When you least stuck it. I'm not looking for it. I had it for you. Oh, he was really never made number one. Really? Well that's right about the Kingston trio. You know me, I'm easily distracted. The Kingsman rock group from Fort La Ragan Jack, Eli vocals and guitars Mike Mitchell guitar. Don Galucci, keyboard sounds like a greaser. Pod Norby bass and Lenn Easton drums. After release of Louis Louis featuring Lee vocal by Jack Eli, Easton took over leadership of band and replaced Eli as lead singer. And we never heard from them again. Well actually we did money. I mean money was, huh? Now that's Gurd Strong's money, right? Okay. That's remember Gurd Strong's and money. And here's somewhere if you can't find it. And then the Jolly Green Giant. Same tune, different lyrics as the Olympics big boy Pete. They're inspired by the Green Giant vegetable commercials. Hold, hold, hold, hold. Yeah, I'm gonna read number four. There you go. There's money. See that's a rip off of four, what's his name? Gurd Strong. And also the Beatles just wait a minute. They ripped it off. Right? There you go. And the flying lizards did it too. Don't make them out. The flying lizard's done. But anyway, really, really only got to number two with six weeks on the chair. And here I thought it was released like whole bunch of times. And maybe it's number one over and over again. But didn't. I like this. They're like, what? I love money. They're strong and immediately it's a snake. You don't love money like dog ate those. Like VG's and what about Warren Buffet? Warren Buffet must not like it. It's a must as he gave away all that candy. So we'd like him a lot. We still don't like it. So there you go. Very strong. I got that in the here somewhere. That all kinds of good. Oh, wait a minute since I mentioned that. It's from the 80s. You know. So many remakes. Oh, no. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, my god. The best things in life are free. You can give them to the bad and bees. They must be European. Who is it? The flying lizards. Oh, good. Let's Google them and see what a holiday can apply to. I can't imagine. Put them on some crap. Put them on Martin here. Or airline. Martin scared. So we would crap. You're lying. I don't know if anybody ever goes to Berlin. Do not go to the hotel Berlin Plaza. It blows. You know, I read. I read the reviews. In fact, I put a review on it. Or nearly I don't participate in any of those things. But I actually put a review online, where you can review hotels and service. Other. Yeah. And I read the reviews because the hotel I love in Berlin was a full-distance time because the world cup. So I took a chance and then I didn't have much choice. And I tried to set a place. It's a couple of blocks down this kudam. And this place, man, just horrendous. And so I wrote a skating. Very short, but skating review in very accurately. It looked like it's a step above a youth hostel. And you go in and there's like a tiny desk. No real lobby. You know. There's a size of a room closet and where the youth hostel. And then a hostel. I was hostel when I saw the room. By the way, something. Yeah. Is there a difference between Charlie on the MTA and the MTA by the Kingston trio? Do you ever return well? No, you got it. No, it's the same thing. All right. Mom, get them both. Well, okay. Let me do the break before we go in and roughly we would. And that's a good song. And especially if you ever lived in Boston. See, they don't call it the, what do they call it now? The tube. No, it's not the tube. What is it in Boston? What's the subway called? The tea is at it? Well, I haven't been there in a long time. But they had changed. But back in the day when I lived there in the early 60s, it was the MTA. The Massachusetts Transit Authority. I was the subway. And that's the way the song came in about a guy to get on the subway. He can't get off. Oh, I can't see that. Back in the day, we could see that. I think we could have done a whole lot more. But the, who was on there? That's a stock and kept it off. Right. That was Charlie on the MTA. 17 till noon at 5. In the 60s, WQN, this may sound crazy. But experts now say you can lose weight and you're asleep. Oh. According to ABC News and Good Morning America Medical Course, Bonnet Dr. David Katz says there's convincing evidence that a good night's sleep can really pay dividends in terms of weight control. Studies pointed two hormones regulating appetite, which are in balance after people have at least eight hours of sleep. So called dialometrist 1-800 mattress open till midnight tonight. Save yourself a few bucks and lose a few pounds too. You're so busy 12 months financing. No payments and no interest. Dialometrist has been ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction for years. And they are for your all-day and brands that you know and love like Celia and sort of. Simmons, King Quill, temperal pedicons, turns and foster. I've been using him for years in I guarantee it. This will be the smartest, the easiest piece of shopping you can ever do. And so I give an all worked up and spending that expensive gas and wasting a lot of time and cash, let's let it all over town. Just make the one easy call 1-800 mattress or click on my line, mattress.com. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the light and it's because it stands for Stooopendisaming. This is Neo Roger. This is 5.16. Alright, this is G Gordon Lydia. And they don't come anywhere else than Neo Roger's. Candle coffee is not going to try to concede in again. Oh god. Rock solid. Where are all the actors gone? This is a peering and that where the actors are all gone? From right to green, soon take off, will be done. This is the right for fun. The networks will never let's watch their gaming burn. Where has he the Chinese gone? Tooperating. Stair rather was a liberal fund. And Bob, she's a doll. Boy. Where has Mr. Broke gone? He's watching for food at home. We're not that worthy of return. Can't get work loose. Oh, that's all over man. Charles gives him kick and he's got his dance in his pants. It just hopeless. 11, 4, 11, 5, 60, WQM, how is the MTA coming with a Kingston trio? It's cooking now. Is it really? Yeah. Go on with something. I'll surprise you. Oh. You really going to have it? Yeah. Oh, you're loving it. Although you're not going to give me like 10 seconds of it. I don't like something other way. You've heard too. That's a finish. Oh, good. 820 votes. What did I say? We wanted 800 by noon. And we'd have it made in June. Even though it's July. It's one of the July. And WQM is still a stale last year's Mandelbread. Wow. I'm telling you one thing. My mother sure could make some good Mandelbread. Not too much else in her latter years. In fact, didn't she want to give you some video? I don't know. I don't know if I ever got any bread bread. It's not really bread. I never had her Mandelbread. Not that I recall. It's hard as a rock. But very good. We've been fighting for 22 votes on our pool today and our prestigious pool on needlerangers.com. We've got 300 and so on. Friends are on my space. That's a backslash by the way. I was thinking about that the other day. Not slang. She's backslash. What is wrong with forward slash? What is it? It's just a slash. That's what the guy said in a hollow man too. Right. She said, oh, let me get the duct tape. Steve, now. And how am I confused? The one that leaves to the right is the one that leaves to the right must be on fox. The slash and the one that leaves to the left is the backslash. 349 votes. The one that leaves to the right is the slash correct. Well, that's the one we got on here. That is right. My spit. Oh, I think somebody turned the thing around. Turn the thing around and the beat around. Oh, seriously. That was not that. It was a backslash. Sorry. Oh, no. I think I saw gaslight several times. Two out of nine votes. A friend's. That great. Only been on your 30 years. That's like what? Ten a year? That's not too bad. He just got on there. Just wait. I don't understand how they were. So in other words, these people are, I've got their mind space accounts. These are people who are good thing about this is that almost all of these people are living and breathing of the age of 100. These are people who have pages on there who are also listeners. Right. I know that. And so we're looking forward to that. The next probably I can't hear how audience. We got left now. What's good is that when other people are looking at their page, they will see your logo on there and go, hey, who's that? What's now about now? We're still building our audience one last time. And by the way, how about that tremendous promotional campaign? I don't know if you can't complain about our promotions because we don't have any. Unless of course we can get somebody to pay some money for it. That reminds me that whole scam booth. What it is, master. If you thought the OJ golf tournament a few years ago was bad and embarrassing, this thing would have disc that Miguel forced us into putting out this year. Yeah, that best of a three-fender. Oh my god. And then it then tried to like suck money out of our clients like Toppo. No part of they hit them on the verge of hitting a number five grand. Oh, that would cover my bad day of wood by yesterday. Oh, don't don't let me go back to those machines mine. Yeah, it's so with me. I don't mind going to falls to you in Niagara once in a while for last, at least they feed you there. And it'd give you like a nice room and everything over looking to fall so you can jump. But wood by anyone think they give you is like Ajuda. What a place. Oh, and you are absolutely wrong, by the way, I've been waiting for years, although I've had these stories before and you're still such a hard ass you want to admit it. But, circumstances in men routinely across Africa can prevent millions of deaths from AIDS, WHO researchers and colleagues who've reported yesterday. Or never did I that. Oh, so in other words, you want them to die in Africa. I don't understand. Yes, it is. It has to do with the mucus. Jordan is organizing a music recording or a USA against Africa. It's a matter of fact, you know that rumor that having sex with virgins, carers, rates, I started it. The analyzed data from thousands of children who have been circumcised had a significantly lower risk of infection with the AIDS virus, and calculated that if all men were circumcised over the next 10 years, some two million new infections that around 300,000 deaths could be avoided. It's well thing to be circumcised, but if they were also circumcised, expect on top of that, that would help as well. Researchers believe circumcised, and you know, that thing about those football players in California and Fresno with the 11 year older, they should be shot on the spot, you know, right? Which spot? The black thumb. I can't believe you. I can't believe you. Oh, there's a bunch of people walking around the world. They're all right. Just listen. And do crazy. They're right for the black thumb. They're all dressed like a bird. They're the young man. They're two men. They're the young bird. They're kind of relaxed. They're the young bird. They're the young bird. They're the young. They're the young. Oh. They're both the ones. That was not too songed at all. I mean, you know, you know, you know, you're a part of your boxing, you know? It's an iteration of an awakening of the sun, it's an awakening of the background, and you're just flung with the problems, but there's really an entry. So I understand that I thought I'd fire it off. It's not as far as I can, but it's not as far as I can. I thought I'd fire it off too fast. I got no. One, two, one. I think I'll probably get off a dad's ring. Oh, Jackie, Jackie, Edward Turntos, he may be turning around, and if they're still on the earth, he'll be on the earth. He may rise more and more, but he can't reach some boss, he'll meet the men, who never reach her. Now, well, I'll... Okay, that's all. All right. That's a good song. It's a great song. Kingston, too, or a great boy. It was a great group spec in those days of brothers four and Peter Paul and Harry and when Harry met Sally and good stuff. Joan, by Anne's, that dyke? Can I get back to my see or try it? I know why you'd fire that off now, because you're always trying to rationalize your foreskin. You know? Okay, researchers believe circumstances and helps cut infection risk because the foreskin is covered in cells. The virus seems able to easily infect. The virus may also survive better in a warm, wet environment like that. Thumb beneath the foreskin. Oh, God, and that's smigma. Well, so if men were circumcised, we would become infected and thus could not infect their female partners. And on a hot day when it's like 87 or 90 degrees in Italy, you talk about grease balls. You don't know where that expression came from, do you? You think it's olive oil? Well, guess again. So it's Popeye? The human, yeah, it pops at you. You'll pop eye. The human immunodeficiency virus rate, which causes AIDS. Now, in fact, close to 40 million people is killed another 25 million. It mostly affects sub-Saharan Africa and the main motor transmission is sex between a man and a woman. Percy slages his thing in it now. On y'all something, we have a bit for every, it's just amazing. It's the movie everyone is talking about. Meg Ryan and Alec Baldwin star in when a man loves a drunken fever. You take his man to be your lafoli wedded husband. Oh, I'll be. Yeah, he has straight thoughts. Oh, Lord. Yeah. I think I'm going to get him confused. He was the same time frame. Otis running in Percy's life. Sit on the bench and do it. See, there's another one we've got to be. There's an air-free. It's just amazing. Like that we're all flowers, but she never could knock you over the dignity of on it. There he is. There's a filthy slag. Not bad. What is that? Take time to the oven. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. He's saying so. Okay, that's enough of Percy. What kind of a name is Percy? Anything Percy? No. 833 votes on a pool and stream it up still noon. Are we proud of that or what? This audience comes through when he leased expected. You know, time for real quick call. WQAM, hello. Okay, that's a good one. That's exactly why I need to write there. I had about a half a second. Yeah. Hey, take care of yourself. Cruising the waters of this game, Bay of Sunset. The mommy's sky on off the bow. Mommy beats behind you. But wait, you don't own a boat. Well, maybe that's the best news of all because if you call club medical right now, you can rent one and do this smart thing. Call 1-800-BOT-Rent. The new club not a cool one-stop beat and keep his camera head. Top of the line, C-BOT's ready for you to rent. Exil rating power, Boats, new models, prepped and waiting for you. And there's C-Rays. These are the Mercedes of Boats. So call 1-800-BOT-Rent and club not a cool one. Get your all hooked up. Join the club at club not a cool and C-VIV and more. Boat rental after boat rental. They do all the work for you. No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance. No cleaning up when you're done. No fantastic cost. No hassles whatsoever. Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to do it the smart way by choosing the new club not a cool stuff. Beaching keep his game. Call 1-800-BOT-Rent right now. Club not a cool really does set the standard on a C-VIV. Call him at 1-800-BOT-Rent. This is new Rogers. This is 5-62-8. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8-M. My wife took their card at her home. She guides my view and gets you three feet off. I wanted my wife was gone. No way. I said I did well. I did well. I did well. So I'm just sick and not an adventure. Go away. I'm waiting for the family. But you take me away. I'm just sick and not a adventure. Go away. With my friend. I'm a good friend. I can't find the child. You're my child. I can't find the child. You're my child. But the boy is the only thing. All that good of you would get a test of me to do. The guy that hurried. He must be my child. Just give me rest in my phone. When they were my wife won't leave me alone. Please don't take over. But I never win. I just wind up slipping through the morning again. I'm so easy. I'm an adventure girl. Waiting for the lonely place to take me away. I'm just sick and not a adventure girl. With my friend. I'm a good friend. With my friend. I'm a good friend. I'm a good friend. I'm a good friend. 845 votes on a pool. Other than your president. The politician you hate the most despised. Like that. Think, Cheney. Driven the 76th. Think. Cancer and Harris 89. Jeff Bush 78. Your fan asked Governor. A real piece of crap. 10 to lay 59. Hillary 59. Todd would Tom Delay. In fact, she looks a little like Tommy. Have you ever noticed that? No, he mentioned it. She also looks a little like what's in name. Rebecca D. Morning. And every time I said that, you can very upset. I don't know why. Because she looks a little like she doesn't look a little. I don't know why he said that. The question is Evelyn is that the role that she played in the hand at rock or needle. She is. She's Evelyn. Rick Sand Jordan 36. Julie. She's speaking of Evele 36. The evil orthodoxy. Ted Kennedy 29. And I hate this pull only 25. Only a pulpy 2.9% they like it. They hated your pull on Friday, man. And justifiably. So you've gained reach 15. Her George Herbert Walker Bush, Bush, Uno 13. John McCain 10. That's because they haven't seen that movie yet. Why we fight. See what a total turnaround he's done. You know, total full time. He's saying all the right things. Oh, yeah. All the right things. They're only looking at him now. Sucking up the bush. McCain 10. Rudy Giuliani read on his ass with nine. Al Gore is only got four for Gore. Bill Clinton for. He's a very long period only three. The fewest people hate John Kerry like poison. But also the fewest people were interested in. They just want to see him no more. That's all. No one's saying as opposed to something like we do hate like poison. Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want to see no more. Now that's story about the because I was curious about that. Not the Boston tunnel. Three time concrete panels fell from the ceiling of the city's big dig tunnel. I know they've been digging that crap for years. Killing a woman in a car and shutting down a sex of the massive building project is become built to central route through the city and the source of construction concerns and cost overruns. The woman was a past year in a car hit by debris from the ceiling late last night late yesterday. A man believed to be the driver was able to squeeze out and was taken a hospital with minor injuries. Authorities say safety hasn't been compromised by problems with the. $14 billion big dig highway project which buried on on a three beneath downtown. Instead of Massachusetts term packed a little bit air for it. Massachusetts police said the stretch would be closed in definitely while authorities clean up the city's big green and spry theory. Speaking of term pikes by the way, can I go back to the Sunson. Maybe you can get the story. I'm going to have to go to Firefox. You're right. There's no explorer is evil. It's bill gates. It's the devil. Well there you go. I think your buddy Ted Raw had a good point. After all. Okay. Let me find a Sunson. I'm going more and more back to Miss Will of Firefax which I love it anyway. But the fact is I do like my my Alexa. We knew off that one of these day now. I don't think so. It's instant. You click on that baby and that's all you have to do. Where is that story? Or tank your crash into Sunpass lane. Here it is. Shut down the turn pack and both directions in Tamarack. Don't you feel we ought to be putting something on the ear like this? Okay. I mean since we are your news intensive informing the public or radio station. If it doesn't have to do with sports we don't want to know from it. I mean so they're putting planes in the buildings. What are we going to talk about? We got to talk about sports. That's what their pan asks to talk about. Can I understand? What are one of the most disgraceful days in the history of broadcasting and your buddy guilty was involved. He was the uh he was the chigrin of woodpaw. Talk and crap on a worst team. 9 11 21 and you turn on QAM and they're knocking down the world train center and flying Dog, hijacking planes and flying into the Pentagon and we're talking about ball games. That's evil. That should have been. That should have been on the axis of evil right there. Florida's turn pack has a tool booth north of San Francisco. There's been shut down in both directions. See and they talk about me being out of touch. Guess what? Touch this after a tractor trailer hit a barrier in the Sunpass land and began leaking fuel. The FHP said this. No injuries were reported in the 10 30 accident this morning. Your mark, my mark, 63. But some fuel was for a spill from the tankers 9000 gallon load. It was this field. The rig was formed by firefighters. It was what? Foam by firefighters to prevent any chance of fire explosion. Another tanker has been brought into offload the fuel after board the rig. That was at 10 30. Off just new now. You know these things take hours. Trooper said the accident occurred when the tractor trailer rig break to avoid hitting a car that had stopped in the Sunpass land. The rig hit a barrier, gaffing the tanker and spilling some fuel, traffic has shut down in both directions between commercial bullfight and the pump of the service fires. Not knowing how long the fuel offloading process will take. And this story came across the SunSend of Ireland 52. 60 minutes ago, so you can make your life on it pretty much. It still shut down. Oh yeah. Okay. Probably nightmare. Guys were there. They got a refalling in Boston from the damn big dig tunnel and now we got the turnpikes shut down. You're a tamarack, we're all the old farts are. At least some of them. You never say we're all the old farts sound so far. You're going to have a little over here. I'm going to be a senior citizen. I want to be a senator if I make it that far. Wow. I'm extending my contract by the way until I croak. 856. So it's like, I don't know how people to keep alive. You know, I've got to keep the old checks coming in. That's right. Put on this facade for you. 856. Plus what else did they got? You know, take a look. Take a look at Papa Janko. Look what we got. Oh my god. We got Kim Bo Kampo, a two mad dog for the seven. He's always rock solid. But then after that, because we know it's the middle of the summer. Who the hell we're going to put on the air? Okay. Probably what's his name may be available now? Slee? Oh, I don't know. But we do got. We rip. Mani. Ramirez. A crow from seven to ten. But the most interesting thing is you think you can't get any more embarrassing. If I let me take a look, I don't usually pay too much attention, especially during the summer time because I'm not on that much anyway. But let's see what we got on Saturday. Oh, 8 to 9. We got Saturday, Lennie Martins the morning after the nation, my golf exchange. Then we got three hours of that. Then you got the big. Oh, who's really rock solid. And then four to five thirty Saturday again. You got more to crow. Talk at hard balls before tomorrow on an astro game. Oh, my god. And then you got after the morning game. Oh, I'm running news radio. Oh, are you kidding me? The game is a six o'clock game. It'll be over by nine o'clock. Well, you ought to be in a studio on that take because you know what they're going to do? I give up. The game is over. They're opening the pot. Maybe you get some of it. All right. Now they just open the pot and put up. I mean, this is this. You know what? How I look at this. I view this is total surrender. Sure. It's like putting your hands up in a year and saying, okay, we give. We give up not to anybody else. And if you're not to guys across the street, they're like invisible. But just in general, you know, in terms of competitive nature. What is that? I mean, just trying to wipe some dust. Okay. There I fired that baby off, man. That all. Whooped up into a frenzy? Man. Talk about just absolute surrender. And I guess what we're figuring is that who'd I want to see her? I'm borrowing him on a Saturday night. So after we're just putting on that's for a news graph. That because we don't want to pay somebody to be there. That's right. And it's for. It's another cost cutting measure. Okay. We're certainly going to pay out of flee or that mission, the mission, myish and Pish and Pish. Spig in a fish by the way, Jun Allison died. Many imports of can tuna. Oh, I sure hope it's not that chicken to see or what's in it. We could just assume it's going to get off set. Many imports of can tuna have mercury levels higher than the federal limit according to Analization by environmental group. This is just a little word of the wise out there. Those of you who are people eating all that fish loaded with mercury. You know, where you go from mercury all the way to Uranus. Yes, it does. Quickly. The offenders of wildlife found behind you know, actually when I was a kid, they used to say that. And then they changed it to Uranus. That's really how uptight America. Yeah, well, I still say Uranus still is. Well, nobody else can claim it. Defenders of wildlife found the highest levels of mercury in tuna from Ecuador and Mexico. Country's known for setting that's where they see dolphins catch the large tuna swimming below. They tend to catch larger, more mature fish, which tend to have higher levels begin and being at the top of the food chain. Said Bob Irvin, a group seen the rest present for conservation. The group is a long time advocate of dolphins safe tuna. What does that mean? Dolphin safe tuna. I understand it. That means catching tuna usually means killing a bunch of dolphins in the problem. It was that nice, okay. But dolphins safe tuna, they take care of it. Actually, they don't necessarily. The West was Jason Taylor because his wife is dumping his ass. The group had a lab test, 164 cans of tuna labeled as being from Ecuador, Mexico. Costa Rica, Thailand, Malaysia, the Philippines, and US. Test were done by New Age landmarked lab. A Benton Harbor Michigan company, don't ever go there. There's been news about the federal government. Anvilization of the samples found average mercury content of US-2 was generally lower than imported tuna. Tuna from Asia had the lowest average levels of mercury and tuna from Latin America had the highest mercury levels. With some exceeding government load of 1.0 parts per million. That's why the average rating across the street. 1.0 per million. That's how many people they got. And considering this like what? 4 million people in South Florida got four listeners over there. The lab found higher levels of mercury even in light tuna, which the FDA considers to be low in mercury. How do you like that? Much of light weights. The FDA says it's safety, two meals a week of fish and shelters that are lower in mercury such as canned light tuna, shrimp, salmon, Pollock, and catfish. What's that, Miss Pollock? Pollock? Sorry. P.O.L.L. O.C. can't have ever heard that. I'll go order some new. What kind of a fish is that? Pollock? But the agency says to limit albacoire, why tuna or one meal per week? Because it contains higher levels of mercury. Oh, that's... In other words, if it's got mercury, and it don't eat it. Squid eaten that tuna, man. Squid eaten so much tuna. Right? Sorry. This business ability to buy. I don't need it. I can't remember last time about a can of tuna. I won't eat it out of a can anymore. How about tuna? 12.13. Oh no. At 5.60 WQA, how many votes we got? We're going to do that thousand a day. Over 135. Then it's a terrorist attack by the way. And you're going to do that with this. Yeah. You know what everybody's thinking, no sir? I give them all the countries in the US, England, everywhere. They're thinking better than that. Not that's all. Yeah. They have to act to grind with them. Although we did cozy up for the packies, which is a bad mistake. With that moushure of guy. 866 votes. Oh, we got that thousand like Josh's going to write down this risk and tell his boy for him. He has room. When he goes home. Now to see, listen to this show? Yeah. What is he really? And what is he saying? Got cost to comments to make her one. How old is your roommate? He's 26. Oh. What's he doing? What's he got 26 doing with the roommate? Well, or say this money, I would have thought. It comes like gay to me. I mean, you, I can see you by I mean, 26 minutes. Yeah, that's as I once step away from a 30 year old guy living with mommy. But maybe he's 25. Either way. Otherwise, you don't like to get him a birthday gift or similar to keep track of when his birthday is. Yeah. I wasn't what so bad about that. That's them, but they're not that close. It sounds a little bit. Yeah, I understand how long he lived with this acquaintance guy. Like two months. Oh, two months. Yeah. Well, for all, you know, he might, you know, watch it. You guys have separate bedrooms of course, because you're very upset about guys who have like, beds in the same room. Of course. You guys seem like you're a sneak in there. Like a two or more. Never. That you were aware of. Doesn't get lost. Doesn't come on. And so we'll have a little Josh is the one who always comes home and runs. So I guess we start investing in that. 1215 at five, 60, WM, you know, Brandeez is unbeatable. That's why Brandeez shoostores been around for a few years while the others have come and gone. How'd you like to have a thousand dollars for a big shoe store that's coming going in last 20 years? I'll take it and soft for it. I'll pick it to the only place to take your took season. Brandeez and Pomp and a beach. They carry all the top brands like four or shime echo. Muffisto, rockport, hush puppies, new balas. All the other name brands and all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes. If you want to perfect deal all the way around the best fit at the unbeatable price, then go see our buddy Arnie who gives you the right fitting shoes for your feet. Brandeez is located at a 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomp and a beach right between Atlantic and Copa's on the side. You can't miss it. Open every day the week, Monday through Saturday is still 9 and Brandeez is even open on Sunday's till 5. And the red tag sale event continues this week at Brandeez. Thousands of pairs on sale, famous brands, men and women styles to save you a lot of cash. So get your rest into Brandeez this week or do your shoe shopping online at BrandeezChoose.com. This is Neo Rogerace. Who picked up the day? This is 5.16. 8. 8. 8. 8. 2. 2. 2. 2. 4. Every home here on WQAF that would my obligatory raps on open so familiarize myself to you. The listening audience on this, my live audition on the air. Many thanks to Clarence and Greeper for the delightful dinner and date last night that was a wild grind under the shakilloneel post to offer my headboard. I say shakilloneel in order to distance myself from those who just say she act. In an attempt to establish my own identity. So thanks, fellas. You say I have the gift of gab as it goes to being ungifted in other ways. So let's talk in tense and sports now, shall we? It provides nebysheaties such as myself and Apple Tunity to feel accomplished in something they never could have come. They never could have accomplished in their lives. Even in high school when I would hide under the bleachers from the bullies and augle the jax. They can do the locker room to inhale yellow laundry. I am glad to be sitting down after last night with Clarence and Greeper. All day I have been walking like William Boyd. Will be right back with more broadcast professionalism after these wades from Astro Glide. The following program is brought to you by ASTROBAL. And what's he trying to say that? 11 is for the boys, is that what he's saying? I don't know. 877 votes on a full week got that thousand lick. Oh my god. What the was that? Oh wow. Speaking of that, your Fed asked Governor Jeb Bush's frequently said he won't run for president in 2008. But he's never rolled out of being on the ticket of somebody's running me. Oh god. And he didn't yesterday went asked about teaming up with a resume set of John McCain as Republicans hoped to come up with a ticket to keep the White House. I like Senator McCain. I think he's a good guy. Bush told reporters after returning from a holiday in Maine with his obnoxious family, with his grave robbing Crooked Ash family, with his coax sorting family, with his butcher his bunch of anyway. Crooks. Any potential GOP nominee would cover the 27-lightful votes in Florida where Bush enjoys a high job of approval rating among voters because they're crazy. They're bloopin' like that. They're lunatics. They're out of their mind. It was the time we know that. Bush 50 fee would also provide some age balance because McCain turns 70 next month. When private about the likelihood of McCain Bush ticket, Bush hedged just slightly, is all sort of time to worry about the 2008 election he said. Because he can't run a game for governor and his brother can't run again for president and thank God in both cases. Thank the CEO. Lord. When he says thank Tracy Lord indeed. 260 people wounded Lee, 135 didn't enjoy terrorist attack. I'm trained platforms. Oh we're going to keep showing that one bloody guy. He looks not too good. Bloody. This soccer stuff. I don't know whether I should waste my time. I'll have to go a dronial act to help him with this because you're the expert. You're like to call up the big. Oh. That's why you're running five o'clock in the morning Orlando. Not on between two and four when people are awake because you talk too much soccer crap. And because you're a professional Julio. You see the English speaking audience. I'd probably, you know, I've mentioned this before and I'll say it again. The English speaking audience resents that whole deal. They don't want a lot of your mom be in the middle of QAM. They don't want that. They don't want some militant Julio on the ear thinking that everybody in the world to be speaking a Spanish and talking about soccer and why I bear isn't crap like that. Okay. So five to seven in the morning you are barely adequate for us. So just stay there. Oh, you don't say it. Biggo. The last thing we need to hear about is soccer on the radio. How the strikers do them by the way. Let's see how many incarnations have there been? Soccer teams in the South Florida. There was the Florida. There was a mommy toros, right? The few right? This is where your Hudson Miami fusions had torch and I love the queen of so Florida and Neil Rogers should be in booking in palace but we'll keep him here. Yeah, keep him here. He was the guy where your Hudson was. He was funny. Fine man. He was a fine man. We're supposed to show you there's an exception to every rule. And he was the exception. With his monkeys mean, mean, back by a sense of brooding menace. And I have no idea how you say his name. Zinnidon Zizin. I don't believe in the creature. Zinnidin Zidon. Yeah, like I said, you were close. You just said you need a vol movement. But this is nobody you're leaving. Neil Neil nobody runs out of their screaming. Zinnidin Zidon has always been something of an enigma. So it is perhaps fitting that just like, what's his name? Robert Dubel says in the movie, what's that movie? The great Santine. Oh, this is I want to be in a enigma like a chink. Remember that? Yes. To the daughter? She says, Dad, I want to get to know you. I don't want you to give me a ticket. And I want to be in an enigma like a chink. That's a good movie. Very underrated. Did you ever see that? Talk to you. I have no. Oh, and we got to see. Let's see. Let me write these down. Fatso. And then you will like that. You're a guarantee. If you don't like that, there's something wrong with her. If you agreed, you're a great, you're a big fan of good comedy. But it's not all comedy. We're a little bit of a thing. No, I'm talking about fatso. Oh, no, I'm talking about great Santine. I know. Yeah. Robert Duel. And what's your name? Oh, God. I love her. She plays a blah, blah, jesus. Plays the light. Jesus. No, she plays this wife in there. Oh, my God. She's what's your name's mommy. You know, that was married to Tom Green. Right? Oh, she's not. What is her name? I'll look at it. Google would great Santine. Okay, because this is going to drive me nuts. Why is that? Flyed dinner. Who am I confusing her with? I don't know. Blift dinner. No, who is what's your name's mommy? Oh, no, no, no, no. Who is the actress at Mary Tom Green for about two more more? Oh, you're very more. You're very more, okay? I don't tell me ethyl very more. Who I can confuse with? Who's blinded? Is Blid dinner got a dinner? She might. Anyway, she went to the great Santine. Who I'd blinded dinner is going to the patrol's mother. That's why I'm talking about Gwenath's Taltro. What is wrong with you? Guy. I spoke a lot of dope. That must be it. Can we get back to Zinodine? I don't know who these people are. They all look alike. After a while, all like, bland. It's like a blur, you know? It's like a big blur. Just why did a man blessed his complete control of a football? Looney, the first of all, there was no football in that game. Okay? It's a soccer ball. And it was to me like a very small one too. It's a football. No, it is. No, this is go with two. So it's not right. This is in the British Times online. Looses head and head to violent matter. It's such a crucial moment. Boaring into the chest of Marco Madderazzi. As late keep us live some French paper. Some of the moments of madness with a headliner regrets H&L's a day of endless questioning began with many conflicting versions of the events Circling on the Internet and the world's media. The times and list of the health of an expert lip reader Jessica Reese to determine the process Nature with the dialogue that causes a dawn to react in such a manner. And I'm going to give you the skinning on it in a minute here after we do the hard work. I need some words that we can't. Yeah, well, they're even, they even asked to work them out in the Times online. You know, the stuffy, they're staggy brits. 27 past known at five, 60 WQAM. We got eight, oh look at that, eight ninety two. Well, I have 900 by the bottom of the hour. We'll go over a thousand easy man like slide off a log. And I said that Abelankin, remember the old log cabins are understood he's still not many logs. No, he was told man. Would lightning quick speeds, the latest features in security come cast ice speed. They're not leaves DSL in the dust called it ain't get yourself the best offer the year and had come cast ice speed. They're not for only 24.95 a month for you for six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to these super fast eight mega premium speed tier free. With an always on connection speed of up to eight mega bits per second, Comcast high speed. Their net is up to five times faster than DSL one five. And a hundred times faster than dial up. Nobody in their right mind is still doing dial up. It's like it's like men's two piece bathing suits. It's quite nickers. It's like white bucks with your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games. We're just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet. You get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast radio or FCD plus and up to seven personally email accounts to be naming a few. Not only that, but you also get free mac and PC security tools including So you can rest assured that your internet experience will always be safe and secure. And any of us savings of over a hundred bucks for the security alone. So what are you waiting for? Start doing more faster than ever before. Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month or six months. And they call them today a 305 Comcast or in 954 Comcast call for details today. And don't forget certain restrictions apply. This is a meal Roger this is five 16. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day will be over. The day will be over. The day is over. The day will be over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The days is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. The day is over. I think 17, 17, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25 Thank you, thank you 25, 25, 25, you're is inspired, I am inspired myself. Whether we are Window Home, but I watched it around the last night. Alright. Because they talk about movie user or tv show with that hold-up over a period of time and oh that are still entertaining instill shots at the end of her's lecture. As opposed to some of my previous situations, they saw about things that were very enjoyable, during the period of time. When we watch other videos, it is being compliant to people of Silicon styloL. How is this our great poll question for Thursday? No two dear stealing okay? Something or someone that seemed better years later than a really was is a great poll question good idea They'll be huh? Well, you're gonna fill in all the answers right? I'm gonna start with some record like we always do Well, what does that mean? Oh, because they ever answered the question right what did something like that could be a movie or could be a TV show Could be a first-food or could be a Yeah person-place thing all of these All of these things. I you know let the first team on QAM 26 to one at five 60 W QM. You're stuck in the mud station. I'll be a stick in my will we are we're stuck? You know I might as well take this one. W QAM hello No, huh? Was there any doubt none? No, zero anyway getting back to Zimbizidane After an exhaustive study of the match video and with a help of an Italian translator We explained that modern moderatzi calls it and the sub-attarious horror before adding just so just F off for good measure support in the natural assumption that the Frenchman must have been grievously insulted as the son of two Algerian immigrants the three four-year-old is proud of his North African roots see what I tell you about that French colonialism again in Africa Dedicating Francis 88 1998 World Cup window all Algerians were proud of their flag and those who have made sacrifices for their family But it would never abandon their own culture so such a slur would certainly explain it not just to buy his violent response When asked about the allegations on his return to Rome Metabathzi issued a vehement in a while sources close to the parent for size day and not been accused of racism ever before Pointed with post friendship with Oberfami Oberfoni Martins the Nigeria and Inter Milan striker A lot of strikers after on the pitch What a stupid effing game man. It's just pathetic. It's absolutely not true a moderatzi said I did not call materialist. I'm ignorant. I'm even know what the word means the whole world saw or what happened on live TV sedan was understandably keeping his counsel but his agents Elaine Miglachio indicated that he was spotted with stream provocation The reality of the midfield players expected to break his sounds in the coming days. Wow, who still gives a crap Real Madrid my ass As if that made any difference if France was gonna score a goal or I'll I guess he was one of their top penalty kickers I mean that was maybe that was the kicker there at the end Maybe it's still be kicking it because those goalies sure is homework. It reminds me of what we were talking about this last week of what like a cross Or they would they run up and down the field and they have those little like butterfly nests and they have one out They had that little ball in there that little Palota and we just heaved in the goal Of course at least at least at least it'll cross the goal as small you know, right and then he even there in a poor goal He tries to stop it like I said like try to throw a golf ball in the Atlantic Ocean. It's not really all at difficult You know, unless you throw a back over your shoulder It's probably gonna get in the water at least it's odd or nine hundred and six votes We're gonna we're gonna go so far over a thousand today that there is no stop on us now, man And we got three hundred and oh, maybe we got three forty two three four two hundred fifty two friends And I don't hear what you say maybe it was my fault. Maybe I wrote it on here myself Maybe I'm in a mistake on my spacing because I think I did forward slash Where's it going to back you did back? Well now I got it right. Okay, just slash okay Just slash just slash and Axel Rose and all the hope got some much bacha 1238 2241 we'd take some calls if we had anything, but it's like, you know see when you can't push in for it What do you think again? Oh, you don't have to push no five six seven oh five 60 Maybe they're I'm surprised we don't have a whole bunch of people calling in saying what we sure enjoyed Have a wee we went out and got that why we fight movie without a picture on the cover and it was fantastic Everybody oughta be forced to watch it included the one that got it called in last week who said he had it and he hadn't watched it yet We need to keep me calling us in watch twice Now you oughta be watching that every day did you actually that yet? I guarantee you that I have it So I will watch it very soon. Even you even a punk like you I realize that you're not, you know Autotable. It's an easy watch not boring at all. No, no, it's not boring. It's riveting it's an Agrobating it's very annoying and aggravating and all these others blood shouldn't all these people dry and for no reason at all because a bunch of much old men It's an eye popping and draw draw But so old men sending young men have to be killed that's basically what it boils down. Yeah for money That's correct. It's got to piss me off get me fire in the war business In that work and I movie they you hated so much when you said the world is a business mr That's right the world is in the war business. That's the biggest business of them all WM hello 2 am Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir? What thing you haven't mentioned the fact that the French captain was mainly the Mbp of the world cup Does that I'm glad I did that but he was he was there and Mbp of the world cup. Yeah, who cares? Look Get out of here. WQAM hello if you're gonna start with soccer calls. I'm in the calls right now. 2 am. No, no soccer calls. Thank you You ever hear a guy who speaks Perfect English but with Latin action all of a sudden just going to affectations whenever Latin name Sure, sure. It's just like of the newscaster is usually the females that we've had in South Florida, New York And I love how a squeak was famous for that and also easy about the castada all these affectations all this for cuz because they're pandering It's all well big old just with it last couple of weeks cut and add for some response or beers And he was talking about solid the Shakira read and I perfect English and all was something that came to say her a door of the kill and he's not out of the I don't think how is it? Perfect Shakira gonna hot out of that kind of kill. I'm like one thing with like three times on it I think if you ever met the big old he is he's available to the kiss out in in disguise Well, you know, he'll descent the best thing about a world cup soccer was it wasn't in the way? I mean, I'm watching TV and I'm fine I don't think a lot of it is and it's all it's gone But at least it wasn't not it wasn't clogged up my network if anything else I wanted to watch You know if you want to put on the SPN six that's fine, you know, you know, right important Not a station whatever heck it is, but you know with those soccer fans Let them watch it, but along with the stays out of my way. That's fine with me Yeah, let those staggy britch watch you man. It's their animals anyway. Let them lose their souls. Amen Neil see you pan. Have a good one Yeah, he's got a good point there in other words. It was not every channel like some of this crap light light Bush, you know like every time Bush has a Farter something we gotta see it on every day in Chandlie v. The comedy channel and all and by the way I know this business is a lot of the Saudi and so I don't care I'm too old to start pandering to people, okay? I don't care what anybody says But the daily show below is okay? Okay? I have tried to watch that so many times and I totally I saw the episode with What's your name Kevin Spacy was on there? You know, okay one day. I mean one day I'm out Kevin you're fairy Why like a lot he's a red actor, but it and try and Disgusting and they don't say you know that they kind of like hit around and like I told you last week The audience is all wired. They're all on acid. Oh You're whooping in yelling like the arcenio crowd and it's just garbage and John Stewart I don't know I mean does he write any of his own material? Is he got writers don't know I know he has writers I don't know how much oh He threw my god I know you that's not politically correct to say that All ministry that's why I got to get I got it. I was supposed to get this week's week's week You know I never went out and got the ministry song lies lies lies. I cuz I have a lot of ministry music I don't know if it's your bag. No, no, that's not the point I'm talking about to play on the ear like they will need a young is my bag either, but I got living with war You horror how about a war a horror for war? That's what we got that's what the boyfriend is. War horrors for wars and your buddy Cheney to For forever was that oh this I believe the title was that I Give you a case but I was kind of religious yes, what I lose is Just give you an example Why? Actually the big go I didn't want to out him, but he is Isabella Kassada and drag Yeah, I guess they already knew that and he's just annoying is what he is 918 votes on a full on I guess I guess he doesn't get invited those dinners with grief or in the clearance and no He's got Jewish oh, that's right. I forgot about that. He's not part of the sports nerd Jewish fraternity There we go. What do you think about that 1243 and of course Evan Cohen. That's why he was invited out He's not only fat-faced and Jewish but he's also a sports nerd And then Jim Sarny's got an Evan Cohen blow up doll. Hey, if you love to find the things in life like Tim Sarny Then you love Stowe me's now him is quintessential cigar shop in Kendall with South Florida's largest selection cigars Stowe me's who can't really sure to have all your favorites you like him. They got him So he's got over a thousand open boxes cigars food to choose from including our tour of one thing To draw a muddy crystal Romo and Julieta and lots more I like the way they spelled muddy crystal here. Just a beautiful thing who is this now Craig? We have no guy named Craig and sales. Yes talk about big fan. Oh good like I said he's a good guy Including a large selection of premium cigars close out prices as well as the obscure and hard to find brands come at the Stoweies today I'm enjoying smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the globe Join Stoweies every Friday for their wine tasting from five to late in the PM featuring some of the most delicious Bordos at France hands to offer you know that's France that just lost the world cup You'll find Stoweies at 116 12 North Kendall Drive open every day seven days week our call. Stoweies and we've ever lost your favorites cigars 305 598 98 20 don't forget when you stop into the shop say had a merry on the girls Sandway and Yoni and if you just know their names you'll get a free cigar the day just for saying hi and because they had big egos Stoweies 116 12 North Kendall Drive cover material five five nine eight 98 20 Is needle Rogers This is five 16 America loves to watch boobs and butch and biting I hate yard work first I have to hold a garden then I have to mow the lawn I wish there was an easy way to do both well now there is all you need is the new garden known Homeau the gardeney tool that both hose and moose You know I used to spend hours in the hot sun moan the lawn and send in the garden until I realized I needed a homeau the homeau Can suck up those clippings in minutes and drive in a jeep hole with one easy flick of the risk before you know it your gardening is done I was working in the yard and I saw my neighbor up back with his big tool and my husband says that's gotta be a homeau Who would have thought we'd see a homeau in this neighborhood? The homeau works in front as well as in the back and now with great factory incentives there isn't a better time to join the happy Homeau crowd your happy homeodiler will bend over forwards to satisfy you the homeau no home is complete without one You're fair Prop 48 at five sixty wq a m happy Tuesday to you Oh, don't tell me there's a fax come on. What's this is about minus vegan? Yeah, yeah, since the concert was this weekend and I was already talking about it in the Just about the past weekend the Sunday night is not a fact passed this past Sunday night Let's see it says ministry played last night in order that's a fact in our garden yesterday because I was talking about them But just the book is the anti-borsche anti-nossi's answer Republicans. Well, it's not like we're done in there. Yeah, it is But you can see on my amyases ministry rocks by the song titles what what they're all about Fear is big business senior color grow no W we're green blood great Satan waiting lies lies lies That means Mr. Danger you know this has lies by the liquor Bakker's now. That's right worthless wrong in WO N w oh That must be for Orlando as that Orlando blue more Orlando Elzacquiri Just one fixed these cabropance to what it said we're rained out stigma to Jesus bill my hot rod Oh and some 69 Son 69 you can't say that some Some day sometimes I feel that life is passing me by nine hundred 29 votes on a poll already boy This isn't even a swat this ain't gonna break out into a sweat like those respollotaniins are in the world cup Sir, so I know I mean you go to Italy which have been there many many many many many times have been in Milan over a balloon year for rinser role many times And yeah, you see some people look like them but they're a different I'm gonna tell you who is the epitome of what that soccer team looked like And that's the attending goalie who's supposed to be the best in the world by the way I'll take it over. I looked about 50 years old. Oh, it's speaking at 50 years old Josh would know this there's a guy what the I was watching a little bit of a baseball game I'm ashamed to say it was the Marlins and the Mets okay over the weekend and the Mets have got a guy who in next month will be 48 years old 48 oh Julio Franco and that's it Julio Franco just another Julio. He's actually he is 47 years old He's still doing good. He can still be a next month. He'll be 48 years old. He says he's gonna play till fitting Like central page right Charlie Reese in anti-war dot com as we've said he writes for America government of cowards Oh, amen Back in the 1970s Alexander souls and eats in one of the giants of the 20th century gave her commencement address at Harvard It was I believe the last public address he gave in America His criticism was so dead on that he quickly became persona non-grabma I've always thought that it's a permanent disgrace to discreet man who many Russians credit with bringing down the Soviet Union was never invited to the White House All sorts of stupid communists and other poll truths have been faded and dined there At any rate acropole they cured headlines one of the criticism see levit was that we as a country had become cowards He made it clear that he didn't mean the American people He meant the American government and the American establishment He said they bullied small and weak countries and appeased the powerful that was true then and it's true today Look for example the contrast between George Bush's rhetoric directed at North Korea and his rhetoric directed at Sodom who's saying Sodom he said it had been given enough chances It run out of time. There was no point in any more talk blah blah Cetra Sodom of course didn't have nuclear weapons even chemical or biological weapons with North Korea The president says he must seek a diplomatic solution and diplomacy of course takes a lot of time It's said it went so forth gosh we hate to see North Korea so isolated Much to difference Sodom was weak as regime was a toothless old hag and Votion is war hox knew it we could bully and invaded without fear North Korea high ever as a regime with very sharp teeth And as a fully equipped standing army of more than a million men and as artillery We'll be along the demilitarized zone even without its missiles nuclear or conventional War with North Korea would produce casualties in the tens of thousands and would do it a matter of days So your darn right Bush wants to use diplomacy But with diplomacy is so inept that it's not likely to work. We're not gonna attack North Korea even try a surgical strike in North Korea And knows this it has a deterrence officially strong to persuade us to let the sleeping dog lie on the Korean Peninsula You'll notice too that all the tough rhetoric about Iran is suddenly quieted down I think both the US and as we will finally realize that we have no military option with Iran Iran is in a position to cause this in unimaginable problems all over the Middle East Our failure in Iraq and the Israelis failure to cover the Palestinians have reminded both countries that the Middle East is not a good place to cause trouble In the place where conventional forces can move tactical victories, but not strategic ones T.E. Lawrence or Lawrence of Arabia if you prefer no to a characteristic of the Arabs It can be suddenly seized with an idea so passionately he said that they will willingly lose everything for it That's all the explanation you need for suicide bombers. There is a line in their psyche that Westerners would do well not to cross At any rate our government and our establishment rain is cowardly as they were in the 1970s Look at the great military triumphs in recent years invading Panama on Grenada bombing Libya and Serbia fighting towards with Iraq And we general who wanted triumphal procession in role-mact evictries that Teddy would have been limited to a single cart pulled by a donkey Probably we don't have a real peace movement in this country because one isn't needed We're not gonna fight anybody who has half a chance to draw in real blood We're never gonna launch a preventative war against North Korea or Iran and God knows not against China or Russia Perhaps if Bush ever extricates himself from Iraq and Afghanistan, we might have another go with Samaria We are just as soon as it needs and said the bully of weak countries and an appeaser of strong ones Amen to that But again, huh? That's that's very nice. Yeah, it is 941 votes on the poll other than your president Which politician you hate the most big chanie for 14 a dick don't shoot anybody now Watch it old duck hunting dick for I didn't hurt the 14 votes Half-year-in-herris 99 Oh my god if you heard about her plane you wouldn't believe what it's doing right now. But Burnin Yeah, fat ass jab was your governor 90 you know it's interesting when Fox news Remember they had that court case and a court rule that they can they can make up news They can make up news right? Yeah, but of course if you happen to be to the left of a total of the hunt you can't do that We ought to get fire for it Jeff Bush 90 your fat ass governor Hillary 67 Tom Delay 64 Rick Santorum 43 Mr. Feet is hugging Fagheater Jewelie women 40 talk about drag there's the there's a Connecticut drag queen champion Jewelie women now. Let's this wants to website where these kids are making up the Aussies I wish I would have written it down They're making up fully of political ads. Did you see that last night? No. Oh, it's great And the one for our leaderman is it the area East talking it's his voice, but they got bush moving his looks They got bush thinking and leave him talking it's a beautiful I think money They're making up fully political ads and they're better than the real political ads Maybe that was on the Keith overman Jewelie women 40 Ted Kennedy 33 I hate this poll 28 new King Rich 17 George Herbert Walker Bush 17 not to be confused with bandar bush John McCain 11 Rudy Giuliani nine outgoer four built foot and four and drunk carry still only three And he liked that I like it Well, that's our crowd, you know that's our county pink or liberal crowd. Thank god our a our heaven crowd Oh, we did a fabulous job at Afghanistan the letter pinned over night to the wall of the mosque and can't a harwith the Seat girls going to school need to be careful for their safety We will put acid on their faces or they're murdered and then the blame will be on their parents Today the local stands school stands empty victims of what amounts to a Taliban war on knowledge Remember how we got them we we wiped out the Taliban in Afghanistan not right no more problems there Right the liberal one of change that swept the country in 2001 is being reversed by the consumer Investment of Afghan president and unicale student Tom and Tarsai a hundred thousand students have been terrorized out of schools in the past year and then I'm a certainly far higher and many teachers have been murdered some being headed. Oh, no Those barbarians just like our good Saudi buddies with those beheadings in the province of Zabola teacher and female MP tour pelicai city yesterday There are 47 schools my province but only three are operating only one teaches girls It is 200 meters from a large US military based in the provincial capital across the South schools burned during the night According to a bleak report reason just like your cats and hers is plain Credit way bleak report released by humans rice wash say at least 200 schools in the store in the past year and a half They're black and shells many of the new buildings constructed with four need money are visible from ever more dangerous roads South the can to hire Of course on just you know we did a fabulous job just like we always do in Afghanistan Hit and run and the Taliban are back and of course the poppy ideal and then we had that story last week Did you see it about how cars are as brother is one of the top for poppy drug lords? I poppy no I didn't see that oh yeah, how many cars are the brothers? There he's just he's just a farmer and I'm sure on his craft Sure for throw it out 1257 at five 60 WM loves to fest his back every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald coast the best Chinese buffet in South Florida Three locations for the Emerald coast of in sunrise, Pemberpines and sunny house beach over a hundred different items featured on the Emerald coast buffet So try them all go in there with an empty stomach and by the time you walk out you'll be wobbling over there Start out with six gourmet soups then go for the New York state grill the order juicy and delicious the way you like it Han card prime rib they have a sushi bar all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad and See bar you wouldn't even know what he needs to them because just show it all down your push and They're deserved for a spectacitor during the weekly and on the weekends even more spectacitor a 40 inch chocolate fondle maker mouthwater you'll be drew them all over yourself as you hand if strawberries marshmallows Cheesecake other deck of the treats it loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect ending to a fantastic feast even the Romans It'd be embarrassed at the Emerald coast which is only healthy cholesterol freaking or oil and no crap no cornstarch No MSG so bring the whole family for a fabulous face real soon the Emerald coast Call of at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two and don't forget every Friday through Sunday It's lobster face back at the Emerald coast written each year hearts content without spending a lot of green nine five four five seven two thirty eight Twenty two says Irish to me This is Neil Roger what solid this is five sixteen All right, and I'll listen to the one the two are wouldn't be prudent at this time Hey You had a talking car drink too much while after bar he is tall with lots of way Be here Give a step to the left step to the right and try to take a fight on doing the I'm doing the home He was in the movie click and likes to drink until he's dead He's working on a wrap-album next to everyone in my rap I'll do the second to the right and try to pick a fight I'm doing the home I'm doing the home I'm going to the bar I do Iちは And there's just having yes, but why does it pay ban hapts sisters people wish that you would go away I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. Boy, he's in town or what? No, no, I can't stand him. It's 103 at 56WQM and boy, am I the best or what? Yeah, I guess what's on the way to you guys. I can be delivered tomorrow. I'm thinking that's so interesting. Oh, okay. Well, not for you, but for Josh. All right. All right. I'll come to you, but you're going to have to turn them over. I'll make copies. Well, that's what it says. And how can they do that? It says Order Day to Lylem and Shared delivery estimate, shipping estimate to July 12. That's tomorrow. Because I ordered one day shipping. Well, that's one day paid big bucks. Well, you know, these are very inexpensive when you order old movies from Amazon. They're like, you know, 699, I mean, did the press of these are embarrassing. I almost for free, you know. That's so like great-santiny. I'm guaranteed if you don't like both of those. I'll be shocked. Shot. All right. There's nothing slower upon to this money to one. Just another great line of great-santiny. It took to tumors in trouble. Bye, you know, you'll get it. And, frankly, over two more should have said George, he should have been in Fanzo. That's right. He should have been the one saying, That's the honey tool, yeah. Yeah. Well, you'll get it when you see it. It's good. 960, should we both sign a poll? And then the kid that played in there, no one tells his name. Michael O'Keefe is at him. Which father was the right actor. I like him in that movie. He was good. And more people. Michael O'Keefe. And then he was in some horrible movie where he played in Atlanta, Braves pitcher, who was married to some rednecky trailer, Transproud. I saw about 10 minutes of that movie. It was horrible. I think that's the pitcher's wife. Is that the name of the movie? I'm looking at that. The pitcher's wife? The sluggers wife. I'm sorry. Oh. That movie was the name of the movie? Yeah. And I was the one who I think we're talking about. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Rebecca the morning was the other. Oh, she wanted to know. I wonder if he looked so depressed and beat up. Yeah. Rebecca the morning. She was good in the movie. I've seen that about 20 times now. The hand that rocks the cradle. It's good. You don't like it? I like it. Is Josh the man? Yeah. It's okay. That's good. It's fine. I'm a scale of what? I'm a scale of 10. How many stairs were given that? I give it an eight. Okay. George. Yeah. I'll give it a set. It's not why we fight. No, but nothing is. And I'm a hard ass anyway. You know that. Well, do watch our Fox. We're that's the next one. Some of those other ones in there like, you know, be watching it today. The one about Iraq. Then that's pretty much a rehash. Also, somebody recommended fog of war, which was on my documentary channel over the weekend on the cable. I saw about the last 45 minutes of that. Save your time. Save your money and save your time. Get why we fight instead. If you're into that, you know, if you want to like learn a little about something. Because Fagga Hor is basically Robert McNamur just going on about how he and LBJ a screw-up during Vietnam. And how Johnson didn't know what to hell to do. And, you know, and he, he's in denial one time he's in denial. And then another time he's like, yeah, I screwed up. It's nothing. Just him rambling on about the 58,000 American kids of came home and body bags. Six minutes after one and five, 60 WDQM. Well, don't tell me the actual calls coming in the star. I sure wasn't planning on it. Five, six, seven, five, 60. In fact, during the summertime, you know what the best thing is. Never plan on. Right. And pound five, 60 me Verizon singular wireless lines. WQM, hello. QM. Hey, how are you doing sir? Okay sir. I got a movie I want to mention to these guys. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, frilky. Frilky. And we saw it. And we saw it. We've had it in about. Great. We all love it. Yeah. Oh, thank you. I bought it. I wanted to talk about it again. Thanks a lot, pal. You're not the only one by movies. I bought that just a Josh to watch it. It's good. It is. I want to back so I can copy it for people too. And I apologize for where window, but then again it was my money in the end. That's right. I don't think it was horrible. Good ending. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. He's looking at me. He's talking about the character Jimmy Stewart play because he's sitting there, he's like A captive audience. He always tell he keeps like,醒 and, you know, She's like he's hard to try and. Me. You got to have an octopus. He's talking to Raymond Burrie, right? Yeah. Maybe, but why why he's. He talks like that. It wasn't supposed a little 90 out of her little purse. Yeah. Out of her little suitcase. And then his detected buddy comes by and he's looking. It was very slow. It was fine. In its day 1954 a long time ago. time ago that's 52 years ago and I want to say actually saw that in the movie theater well how old would I have been I would have been like 12 years old why would I seen that well back in that day we didn't have like no R right all of that there was there was nothing yeah yeah there was no language and there were certainly no sex where I was Kelly wanted her to be but she was he was the busy a little looking what you look at her a little bit of really what I'm from our who was missed WQAM hello QAM yeah I speak to me I'm speaking Amy I you doing okay you I haven't been listening to for a little bit I was wondering if you could comment on the long-go straight if you haven't for ready oh well what's there to say I mean it's you know kiss of that she were gonna be a question man yeah that is I'm an X black Hawk fan I mean not X but they've been so horrible for so long so oh yeah and you want to like those are cheap cuz bill horses a cheap bastard they got a horse ball organization oh they're awful yeah all right you know good luck you pali and George did an awesome job like you're gone well what do you mean when I was gone I'm gone all summer long only on twice a week he's doing a fine job and that's all on Friday man that put him over the top man thanks John I thought it was a series yeah what I was just I did he saw it on ESPN so was it same thing I was already he was pulling over well mainly I hate this full which never that never happened yeah sure I would hop you the vote that day but I'm relieved to find that a lot of it didn't you know and then just moving along WQAM hello to I am they all great to have you back off yeah you're fading you're fading over here WQAM hello you are yes speaking hello hello hello hello why is he saying hello because I'm your talking to me and I keep telling you it's me and you keep asking is Neil there oh she's listening to the radio yeah you're listening to the radio I'm back take that thing and shove it down the toilet that way I'm waiting I wanted to tell you about a great place called you to that time where they have wonderful political cartoons okay you too that's the letter you as you're like the right why are you why are you I was hoping it wasn't so good you do you do you too you too you too you you too okay okay okay thank you now check it out thanks very much hello yeah she was great you too what is it you you come I want to all about it we've returned video the world's on there okay just relax now she was very nice I mean I started a lady call and okay hey we'll take it so first one and about two years that we've had on this show although we do have almost a thousand votes already you guys oughta be just nine sixty nine I didn't put this pull on till about ten o'clock last night nine seventy two I think I buy I fed a FedEx to yeah I I facted it whatever that thing is when you stick in the machine I facted to an American about seven and of course around ten he finally got it on it he's busy man he still got those far worse going for the fourth of July the far worse he was like creating there at the apartment house in Orlando nine hundred and seventy two votes on the full will make that thousand by the bottom of the hour I'm confident of that aren't you oh oh guys what's the what's his name from the Pentagon barber star as a guy I'm seeing it is there any doubt what's this in place that we'll see in that deep boy that's a guy what's like I told you all the right like in fact you remember years ago I don't know if you remember this Mary's in North Miami Mary's restaurant on four forty one member I totally years in the years of I live at Twin Lakes Rackacub yet four forty one the golden blades here and it was a fabulous I mean it was really excellent it's kind of restaurant called Mary's used to get pizza from their all the time ago there and he and there was a waitress in there who was a trans sexual okay with Harry arms I sure it was a trans sexual as opposed to a trans gendered persons anyway I mentioned that on the air and the person called in a year one time the person yeah the person called in on the air and then of course eventually with the changing neighborhood that Mary's long gone that was a tremendous what the person called the same thanks for noticing hi I don't know no it's just just saying that they worked there and they listened all the time and there was I mean don't go start knocking for you know they got their issues man they got their issues oh at least I'm pretty proud to have been in Germany and that's the dilly oh and the or city increases transit security in the way of India and by the way I you know what I forgot to mention today that whole thing about the plot for this is what the media does because your government continues with the fear tactic okay that whole business about and did put an article on there was a sure jar so over the weekend about that so-called plot to blow up the tunnels in the europe the link it on the hall in tunnel much of bullcrap it was just like the mimey seven they had no materials there was no real plan it was just some internet bravado by some of the guys who are they would have liked to have done this and you know and not even in the planning stages or the thing just talking out loud as your buddy would say build wreck don't know how I said this up on your crap but no they've got to continue to convince america that we're at an a verge of some another thing in the they're already exploiting that you're afraid like that we got you know like that things is be afraid be a very afraid that's the one that's nice 14 past one at five sixty wqm for a year's now a photo about a really tremendous place to take the whole game for an enjoyable meal and that's the melting pot they have found to rest around all of the town out if i've been to the pot for a while now is definitely the time to go back what's not to like about the pot it's a full four course dining experience starts out with a renowned cheese fondou and they serve up three different breads for you to dip and dunk in the enjoy granny Smith apples you know that's always one of my favorite combinations and apples in cheeses and crisp veggies too next come to choice alive we salads and your office included combination of lobster filet mignon see you cage in season chicken pork duck port about a mushroom and lots more cooked in all of raw and don't forget the meldic pots homemade dipping sauces they really make the fondouers for in front of that's to keep the whole deal you're not just eating a meal you're dipping and dunking in the food too and here's the clincher top it all off with their famous chocolate fondou desserts with fresh strawberries bananas pineapple cheese cake brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crust Oreos our grim crackers were dipping only at the pot my blood sugar goes up to 50 points every time i just think about that you'll find a pot all over town is a melting pot in coral springs north Miami Beach Cooper City for a lot of the candle and of course we'll throw it on be sure and tell me the old meal since you've got a for a really fantastic experience at the pot this is meal run this is five sixty two meal goodbye to me we're dancing on your grave they all to pay that over with the roadside trucker stop to give everyone a chance to squad in a stream in to thank you all for your apology and in these times of seeing justice always there is the only way we'll see it grow we'll find the district hotel to appreciate your money now I hope they glorify over the road and You're fair. 19 at five, 60, WQM, we got 996 votes. We'll have like I said before the bottom there. We paid down the debt. Oh, there's Harry Reid who finally somebody woke him up. They tapped him on the back of the neck and woke his ass up. Well, the Democrats are so lame, man. It's so lame. Guess what I just got, I'm a email. I got an email. You just got Amazon. Oh, saying it's on its way. It will be there tomorrow. Wow. How long have they do that? It's already 1 o'clock in the afternoon when I ordered this stuff. It'll be there tomorrow. Labor or tight shit. They're great. I'll tell you one thing, man. You see how much for the VBD's? 699. Wow. For the great Santini and for France. So because they're old, you know, they're like, correct, right demand. So it's 699. In fact, I'm spending more for the one day shipping than the right. The two DVD's together are 1398 and the shipping in handling is 1497. So 2895, about 30, man. I can handle it even after yesterday. Even after somebody bad my sheans mine. But there you go. So it's on a way and you'll have them all. All right. Tonya, even your roommate might enjoy them. 9997. Oh, man. We don't want to overdo it and get over that 1,000 too fast. We wouldn't want to like 9998. Sheader. They're pouring in by the ones. And that's got to be the whole audience. Doesn't it this time of the year on the 11th of July? They're supposed to tell me about their 80 nobody around. Nobody in town. W2AM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey man. You say that they call the average cheese. W2AM. Hey man. Yes sir. I was into the show. You were talking about that transgender person at the restaurant. Yeah. And I was wondering if it takes them. You ever thought about doing like a par like what's your favorite like movie drag queen? Favorite movie drag queen like how many are there? Well, this time. It's really stopping think about it. There's actually quite a few gone back like to the 60s. Such as. You're out with the, uh, gone by. No, gone back like, go. Let's see. Someone like your hot number jack lemon. You listen drag. Right? Oh, you're talking about people like Milton Burl people would dress up in drag? Yeah. Like that. I said, well, it wasn't a drag queen. Somebody who played a role he was in drag Tony. Well, that's quite a lot of men. I mean, like a rude ass. Yeah. I think it's bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 don't you? I never wore the thought of it. Well, that doesn't make it a bad pole. That's true. Although I'm really relieved that Josh is the one responsible for that. That's not his responsibility is poor ideas. Yeah, but I thought it was a good idea. I should mention he's don't do it again. 999. The next person who will be our 1,000 photo of the day and that person we thank you profusely, but you're not on our yet. I keep refreshing it and it happened in yet. If you've got a thousand yet, but sometimes you're hit all over. Usually I'm a head. I keep refreshing and not even any green. That's what I got. 999. I clicked with again and again. They're just holding back, you know. Still. I've clicked this thing about seven times. I clicked this baby. Took my big, but if he turned it upside down. Oh, no. 6, 6, yeah. Let's get off of that real fast man. You're on thick priesthood without it again. At least he's alright. You are the antichrist. Just like a still 999. Maybe maybe the thing is frozen now. Have you ever seen anything like this in your life? No. Maybe Eric took away the four digits. Yeah, it's like frozen on us, you know. To put us in the kind of QA and mold everything is like in frozen. It's suspended in time. 1,000. 1,000. 1,000. 1,000. 1,000. 1,000. 1,000. Wow. That is shocking. When I took a little while there, I'd say it. When I ordinarily, when there would be like more than 2,000 people in town, we'd have gotten that immediately. We'd have been up for 1,010. You know what I'm saying? But we're playing with like, I think considering everything we're doing just fine. You know, everything is relative. And considering the fact that, you know, the numbers around us are like, almost invisible, especially the ones between 2 and 4. How do I think, if I'm managed, I'm screaming at them like, how many trillion do 2 to 5? This can be on there now. Now, you know, instead of following 2 hours a day, every day, with all due respect to Bow and that, you know. I mean, take a look at those numbers. If you can find them, they'll begin with a whole. Oh, holy moly. I still say that if anybody would have ever told me that during the era that we're on this radio station that we could have had a number in the middle of the day time, forget about like overnight or late at night. And the middle of the day time when people most of them are awake and living and breathing as much as they ever do. And then we could have a number that began with, oh, how to say, you're crazy. We could put grandma. We could put Joyce farting on the ear for 2 hours and do better than that. Oh, right. We don't. In fact, maybe that's part of the new format. Maybe as soon as we can out the iron out, Joyce is farting problem. Or guess who we're going to have come out and do it. So what's his name? My boy from crash. Ryan Philippe. Oh yeah. Well, he has a farting problem. You know, that's what I heard. WDQAM Hello. Hey, really, how you doing? Okay. Hey, Josh, let's just wait and see what we got to change the spoon or four. Yeah. Oh boy. WDQAM Hello. George Rodriguez. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me say WQAM Hello. George is my friend. See that. Then there was, there was a, it took care all three of them right there. It was good. Let's spend time together. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, and leave a rise in singular wireless science. What happens when you got around 80 to minute delay? Just one punch in it. They all vanish. Fucking just in here. I can't even hear. WDQAM Hello. Oh, yeah. I do it. Okay. I can mention I know this briefly, but about the, the five of the work. Yeah. Yeah. Fire, fire, fire, it's on. I mean, yeah. You know, he doesn't know if he's like begging for forgiveness or not. It's just a fire. Why don't we just, why don't we just come on and say we screwed up and I'm responsible for a whole lot of for thousands of meetings of people dying and I should be on death row and the same with the, you know, Johnson was already died. It's a, you know, like that. That's the only way, if you only lay that we would have been just the fire working with him in the prison or on death row. Right. That's right. I'm so glad. I'm so glad that even if it would have been like 299 that I could spend money to buy that piece of crap. I'm so glad that it was on the fair on the people. And I saw about a half an hour that was more than enough. You know, I was just hoping that we would eventually, you know, say this is how it, I'm a little near culpour there would have been nice, but didn't happen. Not, not even. Oh, but, you know, you guys, you talked about the rumors. The I've been listening all day. You guys thought what the rumors of, well, can't you wait for it to death? Faking his death? Yeah, there's some story circulating that, you know, I'm pretty sure the corpse of a speaker and they're, you know, they're kind of faked. And keep in mind what a Japanese criminalist who was here, where did Bush take him to Graceland? You were thinking about that, maybe maybe it's Elvis and Kenny Lays of Kai. I think they're throwing up to like, they're, I'm gonna need that show. He's a stalker. Okay, probably. Yeah. Yeah, that's, and then of course we had the article on there, which was tongue-in-cheek about the Bush have Kenny Lays murdered because that's what the right wingers would have done. That's what they did with Vince Foster, remember that how Hillary killed Vince Foster. That's right. Right wing lunacy man. That's just paranoid about lunacy, hasn't it? Yeah. Oh, and you see Bush's first video is going to be on STEM style research funding. You see that? Uh-huh. Not beautiful. The, as the Stone Age people continue being in the Stone Age. George says he'd prefer to be in the Stone Age. Speaking of that, I got to story about the mystic mushrooms. Excellent. It's coming. In fact, the stats you can also be on the way. Does that mean that? Twenty-seven past-wanted five, sixty-w-w-m. This may sound crazy, but experts now say that you can lose weight while you're sleeping. According to ABC News and Good Morning America Medical Course, Bonnet Dr. David Cass, there's convincing evidence that a good night's sleep can really pay dividends in terms of weight control. Studies pointed two hormones regulating appetite, which are in balance after people have at least eight hours of sleep. So called dialometres at one eight hundred meters, open till midnight tonight. Save a few bucks and set a few pounds. Dialometres off as you'd probably must find answers. No payments to no interest. Dialometres ranked number one in the world in the overall customer satisfaction, and they offer you an all-around deal that's totally unbeatable. And they have all the top brands that you know, who love to, like Steely, sure to, Simmons King Quarrel, Tevere Piedic, and Stearns and Foster Hewitt. I've been using them for years, not guarantee it. This is one of the easiest, the smartest pieces of shopping you could ever do. So if you yourself and your waistline and your back-to-bake favor, call 1-800-metres of your shopping on their website at mattress.com. 1-800-metres of your shopping. We've got the license as we could have stands for Sensational Savings. This is Neil Roger. Now, what this is five, 16, 15, 18, 10. Who's going to get a break of hope? On the 9-11 widows, an in particular group that had been outspoken in critical of the administration. These rods and millionaires lie and eyes gone TV. I've never seen people enjoying their hostage death so much. Yeah. And called to celebrate the day. She is full of hate. Next everybody, and great get the left pros all worked out. Wish it'd better foth still the game. Because it's gone downtown. But if she ever landed on a main thing, no one would get at all. You could be a widow, you could be a priest. You know that's enough time. You'd be able to disagree. You wonder what they say again, but drop in the ballbones. She's a poor thought so too. But I've had these great-day ballbones. Can you say you're going away? Can we break your skin in this? We wish it's other days. What a ballbones in your way. She won't let anyone hate. One thing we saw each other in. And dogs are not afraid. And dogs are not afraid. Let's hear the music, they hear the speaker. They hear the speaker using the fact that they're widows. I'm sending in somebody who will allow their response to. We always have to respond to someone who just had a family member. I think that because that was a little slow. You're questioning their offense. They were using their grief in order to make a political point. These grudds are a millionaire. Yeah, you think they're quite straight for you. I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much. They're all over the news. All over the news. By the way, the syndicate that publishes her crap, a s-s-an-coated and replaced your rights for the column, but raw story says more possible plagiarism is found in her book. They like, wish to the wall, that's what I say. Keep that after him. Whatever it is. Talking about drag queens. What is it? It's a true angel. People who took an illegal drug made from mushrooms, reported profound mystical experiences that led to behavior changes, lasting for weeks. All part of an experiment that we caused the psychedelic 60s. Many of the 36 volunteers rated that we actually were single-dose of the drug called Sino-Sibon as one of the most meaningful or spiritually significant experiences of their lives. Some compared it to the birth of a child of the death of a parent. See, there we go again with that spiritual crap. What does that mean? I don't know. Maybe they're calling it for a like-script. Relative. Spiritualistic, significant. In other words, stone-authorized. Yeah. Such comments just seemed unbelievable, said Roland Griffiths of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine Baltimore, Maryland, the studies lead author, but don't try this at home, you warned. Absolutely, don't. Absolutely. Almost a third of the research participants found the drug experience frightening, even in a very controlled setting. That suggests people experimenting with the elicit drug and their own could be harm, Griffithset. Don't go to Amsterdam and don't go to the land, those shops that they sell a magic mushrooms. They're all over the place. Okay, well. Viewed by some as a landmark, the study is one of the few rigorous looks in the past 40 years that they hallucinogenes effects. The researchers suggest that the drug someday may help drug addicts kick their habit or aid terminally ill patients struggling with anxiety and depression, kind of like working a QAM anxiety and depression. It may also provide a way to study what happens in the brain during intense spiritual experiences to scientists. I don't know what that is. And you know what people are thinking? That's because you're just not a spiritual person, Neil. I don't even know how to define that. What is a spiritual experience? I've had some heavenly experiences, but they're like, you know. Maybe like that. No, you know, like when you feel the music, you know, it was like, oh God, that's good. Yeah. No, I had one of those recently. Funded in part by the federal government's research was published online today by the Journal, Psychopharmacology. I'm sure you read that. The link is in the description. Good. Salah Sivan has been used for centuries in religious practices and in stability, produce a mystical experience is no surprise. A mystical experience. But the new work demonstrates it more clearly than before. We have the Beatles and what would be one of the, um, about magical mystery tour would be good. But that's not the one I was thinking of. There's an even better one one. Some people in the sky with diamond. Very good. No, and magical mystery tour. I closed the freaking program. Even too much after taking the drug pronounced, oh, I see, celosciven. Excuse me. Celosciven. How celium me. Most of the volunteers have experienced it. It changed them in beneficial ways, such as making them more compassionate, loving, optimistic and patient. Family members in front say they noticed the difference, too. Oh, there's nothing like you could mushroom. Charles Schuster, a professor at side-cime, trained behavioral neuroscience at Wayne State University in Detroit and former director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse called the Work of Landmark. I believe this is one of the most rigorously well controlled studies ever done to evaluate celosciven or similar substances for their potential to increase self-awareness and sense of spirituality said he did not participate in the research. See, unless you've experienced it, you know what it is. Maybe that's why I never wanted those head shops in Amsterdam. Never got no magic shrumes. So maybe next time I go, they're going to have to stop by and get some. I do like shrumes report back. Celosciven like LSD or Masculine is one of a class of drugs called hallucinogens or psychedelics. While they've been studied by scientists in the past research for his largely shut down, after widespread recreational abuse of the drugs in the 60s, some work resumed in the 90s. We've lost four dairy go. Four years of potential research experience with his whole class of compounds. Sorry. What? Sorry for what? Why is it a little hot? No. Now with modern-day scientific methods, I think it's time to pick up this research piece. By the way, our, our, we glad that we don't hear anything. Thank God. The study volunteers had an average age of 46 never had used hallucinogens and participated in the submarine religious or spiritual likely such as prayer, meditation, discussion groups from religious services sounds like hoax pocus to me. Our focus. Each tricillus had been during one visit to the lab and they stimulated meth better known as riddlein on one or two other visits. Methyls penetrate a phenodate. How do you say that? That's how you say it. Only six of them are. The six of them are on tears. They were never getting soluble Simon. Each visit lasted eight hours. The volunteers lay on a couch and living room like setting, wearing an imask, listening to classical music. They were encouraged to focus their attention inward. A class has like a scene from a clockwork orange. They're wearing an imask. I wonder if they were listening to music on their iPod. Maybe the music wasn't quite as loud as in the clockwork orange. Still seven to five slices for up to six hours. Griffith said 22 to 36 volunteers report having a complete mystical experience compared with four of those getting mental frenodate. Riddlein. That experience included such things as a sense of pure awareness and emerging with all of my reality a transcendent said this sounds like Howard Beal, a transcendence of time and space, a female a secret miss or a woman that one scene. I'm in touch with him and he birds nature. Do you remember that? Sure. And then of course he passed down. Of course he was always passing on. A feeling of sickness or awe and deeply felt, well there's that snake in the door again. That's all. And deeply felt positive mood like joy, peace and love. People said they can't possibly put in the words Griffith said. Oh let's get someone in the shrooms now. May be maybe Amazon will give her a sum to them off. Too much later, 24 of the participants filled out a questionnaire. Two thirds, Krullarash and a civil servant, one of the five top most meaningful experiences of their lifetime. Another measure, one third called the most spiritually significant experience of their lives. Another 40% ranking in the top five. Just like Diana Christensen said next year we'll have all the top five. Remember that? Yeah, the number one show in television, that was two is good. What did you get back to you? Diana. About 80% said that because of the civil servant experience they still had a sense of well being or life status, face to face, or very much. And some probably very, very much as in, I have no line. I think that was probably one of the criteria for being selected for the test. I have no line. Let's get somebody's call. Let's get prosack run off that prosack and get them under some of the shrooms. What do you say? I wonder if that'll make them five. I know what we can do with them. Just send them over some toads, tools are being good. Or just some tools. Oh no, I think he's got plenty of those. And usually sends them our way. 19 till 2 at 5, 16, 17, 17, 18, 18, let's watch that again. Okay. Looks like I haven't seen that in a long time. I meant that song that should be answered soon. Pop-alarm. That is Jim? That was one man. That was one man. Oh, then the doctor, and I keep forgetting the doctor and I'm moving when I stopped wasn't in Caroline. Those are some of the stuff because he had that bad arm. Right. That was the guy that played the pedophile in happiness. That is correct. Wow. He seemed to be nauseated by the side of that thing. 19 till 2 at 5 and his arm 2. How is your leader doing? Don't see too much in him no more. Yes, I do. He's a man. I'm just released a night off. I'm just banning. I know that. He's got a video that's on a lot and he's keeping busy. He's touring. I think. He's not able to hurt. I'm pleased that Josh liked that movie. I had some crappetation about that. Whether you'd like it or not. Because, yeah, I'm a little... And by the way, Josh isn't gay. His roommate might be. Oh, no. Well, figures. Makes sense. It's the ecstasy. That's it. I'll tell you that. I love that speak for itself. 18 till 2. We got Kimba Boe camp for a two. We got a hardball with a crowboy. We got a big pair of woken. We put that on for three hours. Holy, moly. An edicate in a clock. A hurricane season is here. Make no mistake about that. Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home. Hurricane, shutter outlet, has your do with yourself. Hurricane panels. This is the smart way to go. Why bother with those big home improvement warehouses when a hurricane shutter outlet is your complete source for hurricane protection. They've got all the things you need to get to job done. And save you a ton of cash, too. They stuck all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. They're cut to your knees and ready for you to pick up or deliver. I'll products are date, Browdon Palm Beach County approved, too. Contractors and stores are welcome in accept all major credit cards. They Browdon Palm Beach County approved step by step instructions included. So why would you want to pay all that extra money for installation? When the hurricane shutter outlet can get you all the things you need to do yourself and save all that cash. You'll find them at 600 Anson Boulevard in a hall and Dale on the east side of 95 between a hall and Dale beach Boulevard and Pembroke Road. Call them at 954-237-703 or log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com. Tell them that you'll send you by and get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet. That's 954-237-703 run a wicked web hurricaneshutteroutlet.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5602A. The work of my engine that you're writing is Italian. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I wish to get in half. You don't even find somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants? It's amazing. It's amazing. Right now, Jay, I love how they come and back. I'm tired of considering a little bit of a big contract. If you want me to know what I'll send you from shut that transmitted sound. Why that's easy? To the fuel pump, for us to be in this house. I think I'm fine. What do you mean is no? I don't have a way. For me, there's no way to go forward. I'm not going to be in this direction. I think you're all trying to actually tattoo the bank. I said my rating's a part of doubt in this bank. My radio has a re-loving tool for the gay and civil war. And we did it. Yeah, for you being too proud. How can I get in the room? Oh, you being so proud. You being too proud. You being too proud. Oh, my God. I don't think I can move my head to be a bite away. I'm just holding it to be an empty seat. Why are you going to go fire me? I'm going to have a couple of rounds on the wall. Okay, 147, a few. I'm going to speak in a wiki Williams. If he kick in a lane style or what in the CFL haven't heard. Oh, wait till the air this. The Toronto Arganauts are sticking to join up. And their game is patch week in. He got nine yards and six carries. He's doing his making strides. He is kicking it. Lame style, like I said, week, week, wiki. Molly Ivins writes to politics agreed. She says, I don't get it. What's the percentage in keeping the minimum wage at 5.15 an hour after nine years? This is such an unnecessary and nasty Republican move. Congress has voted seven times to raise its own wage since the last minimum wage budget. Of course Congress always raises its own salary in the Dark of Night. Hopefully nobody will notice. But now it does the same with the minimum wage, quietly killing it. Anyone who doesn't think this is a country where the rich are getting richer in the poor, getting poorer needs to check the numbers. This is Bush Country, where a rising tide lifts all yachts. According to the current issue of mother Jones, one in four US jobs pays less than a poverty level income. Since 2000, ever Americans living below the poverty line at anyone time is risen steadily. Now 13%, 37 million Americans are officially poor and they didn't even cloud Josh. Bush's tax cuts extended until 2010, say those earnings between 20 and 30 grand and average of 10 dollars a year. While those making a million are saved 40,000, 700, let me read that sentence again. Bush's tax cuts extended until 2010, and 10, say those earnings between 20 and 30 grand and average of 10 dollars a year. While those making a million dollars is saved 40,700. In 2002, Senator Charles Grassley, Republican of Iowa, compared those who point out statistics as the one above to eight off Hitler, surely he met Stalin. Bush's never had 750 million to help he merges by shifting funds from a social service is mostly child care. Bush's proposed cutting housing for a ramshole income, people with disabilities by 50%. A series of related stats, starting with the news that two out of three new jobs are in the suburbs, shows how the poor are further disadvantaged in the job hunt by lack of public or private transportation. Meanwhile, for those who have been following the collapse of the pension system, please note a series of the most regional by Ellen Schultz, taking a hard look at executive pension obligations. Benefits for executives now come for a significant share of pension obligations in the US, and average of 8% of large companies. Sometimes the company's obligation for a single executive's pension approaches a hundred million dollars. These liabilities are largely hidden because corporations don't distinguish them for overall pension obligations and their federal financial findings. As a result, saving their companies made by curtailing pensions of regular retirees, which have total billions of dollars in recent years, can mask a rising cost of benefits for executives. Executive pensions even when they won't be paid into a year from now, dragged down the earnings today. And they do so in a way that's disproportionate to their size because they're not funded with dedicated assets. It seems to me that we've seen enough evidence over the years that the capitalist system is not going to be destroyed by an outside challenge who like communism. It will be destroyed by its own internal greed. Green is the greatest dangers we develop on increasing the winter take-all system, and voices like the Wall Street Journal's editorial page encourage this mentality by insisting that any former regulation is bad, but for whom? It is so discord you can watch this country become less and less fair, just as for all seems like an inversively archived tag. Republicans have rated a lot of real life in this country in which we don't even know about yet. The new bankruptcy laws unfair, the new college loan rules are worse. The system has been stressed so that large corporations have an inside track of a small business and getting government contracts. We won't see the full consequences of this mean and careless legislation for years, but it's starting to affect us already. You guys are making a big bucks-wise, you know. How many votes we got? Oh look at that, a thousand sixty. If we were to really give it a big push, we could have made 1100, but we don't want to do that. You want to set the bar too high, especially during the summertime? Thousands sixty, I'll take it, other than our president and in your president, excuse me. The politician you hate the most is, Dick Cheney, 470-year-old, the heptick. Captain Harris won away, and of course remember the president who left in this race, Dick Nixon. See what I'm saying? Captain Harris won away, Jeb Bush, your fat ass governor 97. Fony as a forty-two dollar bill. Hillary 80, Tom Delay 69, I'm sure he won't be pleased here that. Rich San Torham 47, Julie women 45, head Kennedy 38. I hate this pull for 31, Newtiggy Rich 19, Bush 1 19, John McCain 12, Rudy Giuliani 9, Al Gore 8, Bill Clinton 5, and John Kerry 5. Well at least Joe John Kerry, at least he got a little recognition here, you know. He moved up with Al Gore, about time. And they do have something in common, they both were left in president. 152 or 560 WCN, somebody bye bye.