Lama donoramadanwaramadanwaramadanwaramadanwaramadanwaramadanwaramadanwaramadanarg Oh oh oh ... From erroramadan wäramadanwaramadanIt means I am starting to run away With I can play when it falls I'm a dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb I said this is true and the same with the Josh steamer they stunk the joint out and tell you how the game and the other tremendous comeback they took the lead and then they blew the end lost you know on a field goal with two seconds left in the game and then of course the quarterback see I wish his daddy I wish him's daddy would get like his clean out so we have to listen to him oh god I think he was doing the bill's just game wasn't he? Yeah and it wasn't bad enough to pay for his thing to join up and Madden has got diarrhea the mouth now my god this never shows up man so anyway got some ratings coming across already wow so this kind of changes my whole plans now why didn't you do more to put that laden and I'll kite out of business when you were president so you did fox's bidding on this show you did your last little conservative hit job what I want to know what I want to know what I want to know what I want to know what I want to know what you don't know that's a legitimate class now it was a perfectly legitimate question but I want to know how many people in the Bush administration you asked this question if you ever bought boxing in Sunday sir I believe you asked them and we asked plenty of questions they didn't ask that did you tell you what they asked call tell the truth I wouldn't it they are asking us plenty of stuff that you said this meeting up because you're going to get a lot of criticism from your viewers because we've been working on the change and you came here under false pretenses and said that you spent half a ton talking about you said you spent half a ton talking about what we did out there to raise $7 billion plus in three days so we have to wait 20 minutes before that has to be prefaced by Katie correct as Ricky Licky to condolese we've seen to be willing and joining to and there's condolese applying to piano and she's sitting there with a three friends who get together once a week to a oh god did I just put a pathetic that's doctor right to you Neil doctor right and we here's the a trans from June July August hot one oh five is the number one baby replacing radio on more so maybe this isn't quite is uh who you are intensive is the other one who knows what about it and then this is still this is still a crappy old schedule we had before we got that new morning sports show so what does it prove right threat let's see how our morning show at least 12 plus might be like a little indicator 12 plus do we have any number at all wins that's a era America 1.2 whatever happened to that back of c5 and then ever happened QA on point two tied for 24th oh my god and waxy 1.1 right on the hump resets good thing we made that change too bad we took so damn long doing it god that was embarrassing mid days 12 plus this ought to be pretty depressing come on you want to see a three one a state about some three out of a two six we dropped like a rock how do you like that the earth crescest George by me now June July August I guarantee it will still outdo the rest of the day though wouldn't they have in a morning one two and we had a one two point six one it's but that's 12 plus who cares about 12 plus right let's make that that's the whole audience and it goes like little punks and all old far it's like me you know like me and Joel find her anybody I don't know why you send me these 12 plus we always do that for the guys I've had as well in person Hugo Chavez accused his American counterpart judge W Bush overnight of ordering his assassin age we always do that for the other guys I've had as well in person Hugo Chavez accused his American counterpart judge W Bush overnight of ordering his assassination for calling the West leader the devil during his feet to the u.n see it's okay abortions running around slapping his guns calling people evil doers and actually serve evil in all this other crap that's fine but when somebody also opens him out and tells it like it is then that's bad the devil appears very self-recent a few people said that he's given the order to kill me Chavez said during a speech before scientists in West and then at the wayla many of concern friends have called me saying that because I said devil over there the one they've sentenced me to die they will not kill me I have much faith in life mister Chavez added and by the way how about this falling gas prices just before the election it's a coincidence of course the left is finished with a leader called Mr. Bush the devil a liar and a terror during a speech at the u.n general assembly on Wednesday after the US president spoke from the same podium Mr. Chavez again showed a copy of hegemony or survival overnight a book by US academic known chomsky that he had first held up during his address if you want to simply he said he had to wash the book with holy water because he had put it in the same place that the devil put his papers the devil put his papers in the same that's all right so he had to wash it off and the book too oh no is no more paper and I see you in the heart for this one moment please what an idiot okay let's see if we want to do even care about these I mean we're killed some good time I'm thinking audience cares about this here's the poll from Friday who's your favorite communist or cometator by the way genomali Ivans has cancer no I did not oh she just buried her good friend and Richards and she also has cancer but she's okay for now who's your favorite like to reva favorite communist or commentator Keith overman kicked ass baby he just wiped the floor up for the competition 507 we have 1659 votes don't have one two 90 more in down 179 Michael more 85 I hate this poll 80 Mario Evans 54 Bill O'Reilly 53 oh Doug Thompson capital hill blue at 53 Al Franken 51 do Domes 44 Rush Limbaugh 38 Paul Craigman 35 Greg Tolaster D3 Frank race 33 Arianna Huffington 29 and Colbert 18 oh what would we like to find them too round them up Tom Hartman 16 how about that crowd of adults and gay man yesterday they must have been mostly were like invisible raincoats yeah about 16 thousand wow every I didn't watch much of it but every time I flipped over there it was like oh they must all got out for a burger or something because nobody there Thomas Friedman 12 Katrina Brandon 12 10 George will eat Robert Novak 6 Bobber physics six Michael net vids six that's disgusting they would corn four David Broder 3 David Brooks 3 Edna ha had to Bill press had only one and John Nichols I've almost 17-year votes had oh none so they don't read I guess there's no point in this putting his articles on there from the nation because they don't read him or maybe they like him okay just not as much as say like you know and coder the credible people Let's see three to seven to him. Aradio Amor but we must have had a really bad the August you know and of course you know we got the story we can say oh well that's what we can't do that that's what we got where that format we change it all around so just wait till next time course next time we'll be losing drop it off that big June something of the summer book is gonna be at the center but that that's just what I'm thinking you know me a little bit too honest for comfort look at that afternoon's right uh 2.2 for i and z that's a scare America and q a m a 1.3 oh my god that's because they got all the wolf first and waxy a 1.1 so we just barely edges them up but again nobody cares about persons 12 plus I have no idea what it was my facts paper gotta cut down all these maple trees very depressing otherwise see the panthers lost again last night at least they're consistent they have a one next to mission they're only a submission game they have one one yet though we need to win one you know will be good just to make it look good any interest oh wow marlins made a hell of a running bite away jasha apologizes for giving me bad information to make me look bad on Friday when I tried to tell them the schedule is wrong the schedule is so they played at fully on Friday and Saturday then at the land on Sunday and Josh jumps right in there oh no it's so that's right the schedule is right they know and I guess what listen I just get you a schedule yeah well you mean you haven't learned your lesson by now parents wouldn't know a schedule if you shoved it up is and it would be the first time either let's see seven a midnight we care about that oh no and then who the hell did I hear going on about oh I was Kenny Walker or for Kenny about how you know the marlins doing great with their numbers on radio and TV no they're not there the they're doing great with their numbers on radio what numbers are you looking at Kenny if nothing to suck around man but cut their crap I had high hopes for him too but now I realize it's a spark show by the way bit ladden's dead Castro's dead our morning show is dead I'll do that but boy we got mad dog it's too we got we're back it's from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. and we're gonna kick some ass right and it's next trend yeah what did we start August 28 maybe that last month of the summer book he's going to goose us back up there again because when you look at 12 plus and we're tied for like 24th overall tied for 24th you have any idea how bad how embarrassing that is or did I make a mistake on it no I know we're 23rd excuse me we're 23rd we beat out error America by a full tent of a point 12 plus 1.6 to 1.5 boy how the mighty a fallen ice going Joe I'm telling you one good thing about this crew man they don't know waste any time they come right in there and I like a house on fire and they really started making moves and doing you know they didn't and they still haven't got a clue that's the sad part here's our poll today against not really all that sexy I guess you know you're gonna have to come up with some great pull ideas for us the politician I trust the most is and uh uh uh Eric I don't want to bust your balls Eric beginning of the week but it's not supposed to say no if it's supposed to say none as in none the above and he writes nope they're all crooks and I don't have the heart to call him on a Sunday say hey you idiot you slob how can you put up and I look at the fact I said I'm it's very clear in O'Nee Nana none nope they're all crooks 296 you'll put in 185 who had the balls to tell Chris Wallace were just sticking ice going by the Algrow 101 rust fine gold 74 Bob Graham 48 Barack Obama 27 you want to summa get Obama I think our summa's dead or maybe not LBS 519 George W. Bush 19 2.2% out of the first 847 votes say George W. Bush is the politician they trust the most that's pretty sad John McCain 17 Rudy Giuliani 15 I hate this poll only 12 Ted Kennedy 12 John Kerry 10 Nancy Pelosi 7 swore only 4 Hillary Clinton wow those fist one and all inspector of the magic bullet theory fame oh he's got the big old he's got none more funny more video 560 in the transition George the new movie death of a president have you seen it I had to say it it's a fictitious movie about to have a haven't seen the movie about your death do you know what the word fictitious means not really it means not real because you're not dead I know that yeah some people say that you're brain dead I simply do not agree what's your IQ 300 billion really what's your IQ 13.5 whoa I don't have intelligence sense of problem oh we don't have a problem let's ignore it we're working over the weekend well he's been talking a little bit too much truth you know I'm sure it's just a coincidence just like those dropping rapidly dropping gas prices pretty still in the room I'm here in his week before the election they're gonna like give you a dollar account excellent instead of you pin they're gonna pay you a buck no time is there's more numbers coming over there I can't imagine what it would be because I got the many team plus which is very pressing and very bad yeah what are you sending me now person 2554 oh just for a minute I'm gonna be no story that I'm gonna be no saying boy oh boy I think it's a good thing that the new management we got didn't wait until the audience was just about gone and they had destroyed the whole video station until they finally got off their dead ass what they did um many team plus let's see word number 800 man and we're pretty proud of it and the guys across the street are gonna be saying see we're making some real inroads all of our own list of them I don't want to say crack a two in one day part of two do we deal no I think we got a two two in two parts big deal again let's see man 18 plus the overall week QAIM is gonna 2.8 we're number 16 on QAIM that's a 6th and the midnight in man I'm a sports station number 16 is that incredible or what and you see they they don't want to get the message it's like the marlins make this big run you know unprecedented run after being 20 games under 500 they've done your pull out a wildcard play off spot any other game of the chan they run out of gas but uh and is there anybody been going to the games there's no interest no interest man you could go bowling at those games and have your whole own section just like that dolphin game yesterday all this whip up friends you oh there's anybody cares about there's nobody there sell out my ass I wonder what kind of a skin they had a poll to say that thinking was sold out maybe Wayne had a well of course I hope he got somebody to bail his kid out yeah I mean if they're like the marlins they'll did buy the tickets themselves yeah that's it that must be the deal it just make the numbers up your eyes were deceiving you all let's see if orange you saw that was just a lot of people dressed up in orange anyway and last season number 23 now what were we 16 you 16 oh yeah they went from a one one to a 1.6 and that even before the dolphin stuff they're on the move across the street baby they're moving it they're shoving it they're pushing it five mornings many team plus hot 105 is number one by a mile 7.6 they've been number one for a long long time and they're still number one isn't that time join of the hardest work in whatever he is that's him you fall WSDJ all right like I told you who he owes him the exposing shows 6.5 number two out of nowhere WSDJ is number two in the morning man radio man b number three radio man b no speaking lace a key a radio on more also no speaking English i.e. 5.6 to number three big here still doing it they can still do it with no western on here run in the well now that we got our morning show on man never get the new sport show when you think that these people would get the message I'm not gonna go into an opening aside or by body yeah tied for third with radio a more is big run and old Paul man or whatever their names are CMQ FM is number four in the morning QBA no speaking in grace radio swave that's the Colombian station oh speaking in lace so on a first page you got you know what you got mid days man were a drop in like a rock and sorry about that what hey listen you still got you still got I'm sure more than morning and afternoon drive combined did I even get I never even got to the QM that did I not that many pages into it yet in fact in the morning I guess the guys across the street Joe Rose little dog had a two two up from a one five we had a two two down from a two three so it's an anger thing we made that move when we did because boy we were dying there in the morning as if that was a bulletin just dying a terminal death I got a spot on now anyway midday is radio a CMQ FM no speaking in grace number one in man radio mum being number two but again against M18 plus clues a lot of old farts top one of five is got a four six their third radio on board for you talk about heavy duty ethnic man do they talk to anybody who speaks English with these diaries oh my god you are a fifth fourth time for fourth QM is six to number six in mid days and then four four but that's ten to three so if you go ten and two we probably got a five right right and then that's a 18 plus after no one's been 18 plus the radio on more is number one did I tell you what they across the street they made a big move there we got a four four they got a one seven oh for a decade yeah they won from a one one from 25 to 22 you're moving Joel big time that's did the kid and the afternoon's radio on more is one followed by love 94 that's pretty sad love 94 holy cow kind of a man listens to that yeah top one oh five big radio is swave this is all a sposin whatever I suppose and the afternoon's three to seven PM and this trend is his June July and August two thers of the summer waiting book kiss that bonus money goodbye guys yet especially Josh's big bonus damn uh two seven for i and z for skera america maybe they won't go over the edge with a bankruptcy QAM 2.5 down from a two seven in the previous month to five time for nineteen and waxy a two one so the mad dog still led to the mountain includes that two to four hours is probably a oh point something zero whatever and of course Kenny Walker going on about the great radio the great ratings the marlins have had I'm pretty sure was him that was saying that maybe I just had a nightmare well they do well on tv and tv ratings were good yeah but the red radio saying why would anybody listen to when I came on radio when it's on tv for free you know 2.9 tied for 12th night i mean i'm over a takes your way better than the panthers are going to do the panthers will have a oh when something zero and what do they have across the street at night can i find out the on the list here they even come make the cut oh yeah 0.5 uh haha 27 save the juice baby a Joel save the juice turned it off shut that baby down to some transmitter maintenance goose up that nasty old signal there we're got we got nine hundred four hosts on the poll today already and of course now that we're not taking calls anymore i guarantee we're going to be dead a little one share pretty soon you know what they deserve it how low can we go that that ought to be our goal for the rest of the year how low can we go you know limbo limbo rock oh and i got all these pages of print and you're running out of a toner or something over and that's how i got the originals i can't see my car oh very very nice very nice very pretty 2554 overall qaima's that type or 20th oh my god nice going joe bell baby you know what's like it'll be like let's go on and find out this is the spot where the Titanic you know finally went down and i'll start throwing some life rafts i don't know it's a little bit late you know what i'm saying uh you follow my drift so to speak drifting yeah oh and thank you got that gaming to world and stuff and it got to super don't fix the hospitals in the schools in all those neighborhoods now those people are still off source man they got nothing but thank god we got to super don't fix the net ball game tonight there was all about that so i think we can play football there's a bubble he's pissed off man Chris Wallace there's a two many didn't pull out a gun in shoot him right there on national tv that would run go that when it would be great i would have been i'd have just played that over and over again and i want bubble shoot him again Chris Wallace my ass anybody that's a sell off there on that fox garbage man how to be ashamed now let's see person's 25 if you are guess i'll do this after the break continue then we can kill 50 minutes or so with us that's not what i don't have a very fine pile i'll let the Titanic roll for the beginning by the way get the really gross thing they play like a blindier we'll see next week form Turn over, enjoy alone! Make you watch, give and cook. Turn it over, do it, turn it and cook! Hear how, all of your multiplies run home alive! Americans, people, don't have some of them to fight. If it's voir, it's real. I just think that we got to stand up for the fight. And if you will, the must continue to sacrifice even a life, to pay a main chair for the promise at the end of the month. I think it does over five times by dying at better conditions to do. And we probably will desire to make no decisions to realm and land up the war. And if you will, the first thing, war, the United States hasn't got to stomach for the fight. The United States hasn't got to stomach for the fight. And it's day and two, four, and it's day and two, four, and it's day and two, four, and it's day and two, rest. And two, three, and still high, high, and two, three, and flesh. And the war, there is no doubt that it's not on the same, now it has weapons of mass destruction. The United States hasn't got to stomach for the fight. It sounds to me, although the vice president's got a bad summary, doesn't it? Or he's got about everything, doesn't he? Yeah, he's got about ten thirty two and five sixty. But he came, I got a real bad attitude to myself, looking at these numbers man. And looking at these pages, I wish we had TV for like five seconds. Yeah, they were holding these, hold up to the audience, they could see the crap that you're faxing me here. They would be black stripes down the middle of the square, some of the pages were the numbers are. So if you're a black striped on the middle of the square, some of the pages were the numbers are. So if you're a black striped on the middle of the square, some of the pages were the numbers are. So if you're a black striped on the middle of the square, some of the numbers are. So if you're a black striped on the middle of the square, some of the numbers are. What's it, when you're making a copy of this is going to look better by the time it comes to the machine? I don't know, obviously. They got a good machine, man, but it could be making a look better. You know, the pages in the front don't look like that, so maybe they didn't just, you know, they didn't notice until it was all done. Wait me by that. Get outta here, this is crap. I can't even read some of these numbers, right? Probably just as well. 25, 54 persons, men and women, June July August, hot 105 is number one man. By a mile. Sad light radio is followed like a rock and a cutnut and traditional radio is dying man on the vine and the bill vines. Radio on more is number two. I'm ready to do a one-handed two-handed three. How do you like that? Coast is number three. The coast in men are in persons. Actually, we didn't do that bad midday. In person's 2554. Got nobody will trick I told you. We got a 3.9 share, so you're like, care, but that's got to be like a four or five anyway. If you take that awful two or three hour out of there. So that's four or five you double an ass. That's an eight something in men, 2554. And probably still good enough for number one. So if the Kenny and Bowl morning sports show can go to seven. We got a lead in the morning and the last month of the summer book. We could still salvage a few bucks. How do you like that? Wouldn't that be a miracle? I'll look at me dropping off a big June. This is with a big June. You call him, moly. I said, eesh. And of course, parents has never bothered sending me the monthly because, you know, he's, we have nothing to do with sports. He is just, you have to go, both of you ought to go and on. Both of you ought to go in a hallway right now, grab him and just, time up, put him up on a ceiling somewhere. And everybody take a baseball bat and just beat the crap out of him. Just hanging from the ceiling, like a pinata. Yeah, that's right. Everybody comes by and gets a free shot or two. Yeah, that kind as well. Go, go and go in a four, forty-one or stop at the pawn shop and get a few pieces. Five easy pieces. His blow his brains out. Wouldn't it be it? But of course, Joe and the Joyce, they're sold on Clarence Man. He's the, er, a parent. He's the, er, until his leader. He never even bothers sending them monthly. So this is basically meaningless anyway. I think, I'm a fear we had a humongous June and when that drops off on a whole summer book comes out, we're going to have a minus in front of our number. Great. Hot 105 is number one in person's 25. 54. WQA, and that's our target demo is men 25. 54, but in the trends they don't separate them. So we double it. We don't always subtract a little tiny, but because we don't have any women. Tie for 20. Let's share it. Or tie for 20. With a 2.0, what does that say? 2.0? I can't read these numbers because the black stripes are like right down over the numbers. Waxy on the other hand is made a big move man from number 27 and number 25. A 0.7 to a 0.9. Man, are they doing it or what? Oh, so in other words, what they basically got in this trend was a bunch of old men. Nice going, Joe. Old men. Christ, even I don't listen to that crap. Mornings. Do we want to take a look at this? Why not? Why not kill a couple of men and share the audience. Poor people. I'm very proud they learned. I'm very important. That formula. What? You use it or sell day long. The sports formula? That numbers formula that you do. The pad them formula. Yeah. Let's see 1.5, 25, 54, and morning, and 1.5. So that's about a free share in men. It's weak on a sports station. And Waxy, a 1.3, so it would be about a 2.5, 2.6. We just edge them out. Just barely. Boy, it's a good thing we got to humber back in the safety of the afternoon. Man, we're going to be safe. We're going to be, you know, they're the product of reprinting this. Do you want the legible? No, no, no way. No way. For a little bit. For example, they can't read it either. I mean, that's how it is. I don't care. I don't want to read it. I can make it out. You know, I mean, I can just barely make it out. I'm holding up like I'm squinting at it. And believe me, when you got numbers like these, you'd squint a lot too. Middays, Persons 25 to 54, hot 105 is number one a stocion in a market baby. With a 7.1 share, who in a right mind would listen back crap? A radio on more is number two. Anybody believe it? No, no. Cost number three. Life, life, the music of your life slush. See everybody who gets in the doctor and dentist office, they get five diaries to fill out their a listen to life or listen to me, Michael Bolton records. CMQFM is number five. Love QAM middays, when number seven. Persons 25, 54 down from a 4.6 in the screen. But a 3.9 is almost an 0. In the screen book, we had a 4.2. And here's the 3.9. So not bad. And again, keeping in mind that that 2 to 4 that 2 to 3 hour is an abortion. And abortion, you know, we had on most of the between 2 and 4. That's it. An abortion man. However, did that deserve a spanking? Let's see, 3.9. What have they got across the street? I'm sure they had a gigantic number in this demographic. The first is 25, 54. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking on this page. Even wins had a 1.2 wins. Scare America. Isn't it? It's a 25. A 1.0. A 1.0. Oh, oh, that's a solid number. That's up from a 0.6. So they're going to say, oh, we got a story. We got a story. I have a story as you guys still suck. You got to end the boy. That team you got man. I hope you know, this is many millions. This year on the dolphins as you had last year. Especially with a little girl Jimmy Ciflis called in the games. Had a squeak by. Had a squeak by a bunch of blind kids. They played yesterday. They played with a little blind man from Tennessee. The school of the blind. So we didn't do all that bad. George, you didn't. I'll take a little blame for it. Three. This is, of course, that's the program. We showed off the phone and we might have that great lead. And now that news for sure we got where they're talking high school football. It's going to change everything. You think? Right. You're so negative. I know. If they fail, it's going to be your fault. I don't know. I like Kenny Walker. I think he's going to be. He could be pretty. I like Kenny Walker, which they would let him do the show. He wants to know. Yeah, which they let him do the show that he could do by a real show. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. He wants to know. When you can't read the number, it kind of like his little bit confusing. But I do. More as number one in person's 25, 50, 40 afternoon. The more we listen, the more we get sick, I want to pukar, guts out. Oh my god, probably playing a lot of what's your name, because see that cruise. See that faith. That's what Joe Bell and his crowd did to us. They see a lot of faith. And Chris Joe is man. He's he doing a heck of a job. Heck of a job. Browning. They're parling every piece of business I ever had on this show into oblivion. Let's begin ready for the new format. It's called OTA. You know what that stands for? Out of town. Pop the year. Oh. QAM number 20, something. Yeah, I can't read it. Can you? Number 23 with the 1.2. What? That's afternoon. That's afternoon. So you double it. You got a 2.0. That's and RAC is right under us. They're right behind us with a 1.1. I believe. 1.1. So both stations. They're going to be together and you still don't have a number. Is this a market for sports or what? No. It's not a sports market. It can't support one sports station anymore much less too. So that's the hell of a job you'd under Joe. Basically what he did easy to go week number divided by two and not everybody's sucking wind. Okay. That is really sad. Although wait till he hear the stories that Allison was telling us about. The biggest name. So the best. How's it going to be? You'll rock first. For Shwitty of 560. 2.0. And. The Rogers God. 30. I'm not telling him. No. You must be jealous. Oh, does that make me a friend? Hey, no need for yelling. Let me get my supervisor, Ellen. Sir, are you yelling? Or your question is going to be? Let's see what the doors are smelling. Yeah. There was no jell. Or your talking with your infiddoments. Let's go and get low. You'll be dwelling. Oh my God. It's enough to make me want to listen to blind melons. 5. And 5. I got some blind melons in the drawers of my drawers over there. Good band? Yeah. Whoever said you had bad music taste. Yeah. I'll show you what thing you're doing. What? What is that blind? I'll get a thing during the next day. This might be pile over by the water. Anyway, sticking over that bit I just played. The government's relaxing is bad against carrying liquids and jell's in on the air line. There's been a lot of fun going on to air lineers. It's too bad after a plot to bomb just thought about a by that phony plot. All my security department official speaking of course I've been a management. I said that most liquids in jell's that air traveler's person's insecure areas of airports will not be allowed on planes. In other words, you go through your security checkpoint. Then you buy your liquids at the air force stores. Take them onto your plane. And it's going to be OK. OK. So the goose up business real good. Probably to be a whole bunch of little shops. Convenience store type places opening. You know, you're on the same after you go to the security. Uh huh. And then you'll be safe. Wow. A document drawn up by the French DGSC Intelligence Service in May public on Saturday alleges that terrorist mastermind Osama Yamama died in August of Typhoid. French president Jacques Chirac confirmed the existence of the document which was published by the French regional daily East Republican when he told journalists in the city of Compian. I'm surprised that a confidential document by the DSDE was published. He surprised. And a guy, did you see them interview this guy who was behind the story? No. And he stands by it. They say, but it would put about. And the Saudi say, you're full of your mama. And all of a sudden, it says according to a usually reliable source, the Saudi Intelligence Services, I said it would require the information that Osama bin Laden is dead. The information is lean by the Saudi's indicates that the head of Al Qaeda was victim of a very strong attack of Typhoid in Pakistan, August 23rd of this year. The document goes on to say that bin Laden is the aggrantical isolation rate at all medical assistance impossible. And that the oldest and closed a partial paralysis of his legs. It also says the Saudis are waiting for more information notably about where bin Laden was buried to make an official announcement about his death. And also they want to notify the family because they're all really tight. You know, the Bush family, we were over there and paid the last respects all of these things. Is it really making a difference whether he's dead or alive? Oh, of course not. It's all symbolic. And I don't think he was engineering too many attacks from the cave. You know, from the bad cave. Although maybe he had, you know, in the bad cave in Batman, he had all that fancy, schmanzy stuff. You know, I take crap. Uh huh. So maybe maybe in the bin Laden cave they're in Torabora, they had a bunch of crap. And of course, you know what Baba said. He said, don't feed me no more bubble mice. He's never told Chris Wallace. He said, he said, what do you think I was going to do? Just see if you're making a monkey. I mean, yes, when you were president. So you did Fox's video on the show. You did your life's little conservative hit job on me. I think it is. He took enough crap already from them. Okay. He isn't taking any more crap as basically what he's saying. He ain't running for nothing anyway. Plus, so probably do whatever you can to stand by. He'll resign aspirations all up. He probably wouldn't be what might be in the first guy. But when you call, what would you call him? He decides Baba, the first gentleman? No, I'm pretty sure. But I call him a gentleman. The first man. I thought the first man was Adam. And then there was Steve and God created Adam and Steve. 971 votes on the pool. All we did number one we get to a thousand. But I was pretty impressive already. Especially when you consider yesterday was all Adam and Phil stuff. I thought there was supposed to be a game last night. But one of the teams missed the bus to the stadium. Now it's one thing that you'd be bad like to have to take a beat of a home like that real bad. Oh, God, that's Denver man. They got your number. They do. Tom Brady is one in five lifetime against the Broncos. If Denver tried to lose the game if they tried to fix it, they didn't take it. Still couldn't beat him. If they gave a say, handicraft, you know, like about a 10 point lead at the start, still find a way to lose. Leaked out. There's a Hugo Chavez. You knew hero. Disgusting to see a head of state come to our country on the top of our country. Oh, cut that crap. Come to our country and call it on tell the truth. So nauseated with these people. That's a guy from Sikko. What do you expect him to say? Or his Brian Murray. You know, he would call it even called Sikko. Don't say it. Leaked intelligence report rocks bush election stance. US by agencies have dropped a political bombshell six weeks before the national elections. Oh, my God. The leak of a classified report, including that the war in Iraq has spawned a new wave of Islamic radicalism and increased a global threat of terrorism. The intelligence document yesterday rocked a central pillar of the Republican Party's campaign platform ahead of the November elections. That the 2003 invasion of Iraq and the after Assad, who same made America safe or not weaker. Guess what? Wrong. As if this is some surprise, as if it takes some kind of a study to figure this out. With opinion, full-showing president Bush's party possibly losing control of both the political forces of Congress and the midterm polls. Oh, right. In large part due to one happiness over the war in Iraq to report states categorically the opposite will make for painful reading of the White House. Bush's argued repeatedly in pre-elections speeches that Iraq is the central front of the war in terrorism and that demands for a US troops withdraw from the country by offices in Democrats under the scores while the center left party should not be trusted with a nation's security. Center left party. The security of the civilized world depends on victory in the war on terror and that depends on victory in Iraq, where said in one speech August 31. Such assertions were looking decidedly shaky yesterday after the New York Times the Washington Post released details of the classified national intelligence estimate. The most comprehensive assessment yet of the war based on analyses of all 16 of America's intelligence agencies. The report called Trans-Ingulable Terrorism Implications for the US says the Iraq war is made the overall terrorism problem worse and official of the document told the times. The Washington Post said the report described the Iraq conflict as the primary recruiting vehicle for violent Islamic extremists. discuss how to do that. 31. Do not know what the action is if we did not know that. As if a blind deaf- and dumb dog could not already tell you that. While US is suzerly damagedbed by the possibility that the terrorist주세요 avoided a worse andererweight expansion in the country that will easily use his ways to control the situation too. was part of graphic was disgusting. Katie correct my answer. This is a journalist. He's got credibility. Not only for the journalist on TV, you can count him on one hand. Chris Wallace. Sean Hannity. Bill O'Reilly. Democratic leaders were quick to jump on to reports conclusions as two evidence of the failure of Bush's policies. The intelligence documented put the final nail in the coffin for Bush's phony argument about the record. Senator Ted Kennedy said the fact that we need a new direction to react to really win the war on terror. And make Americans safer could not be clearer or more air urgent. Yet the administration stubbornly clings to a failed state of course strategies said. Kind of reminds me of Joe Bell in this station, man. Month after month after month as the audience was vanishing jumping running away from this radio station like we had like we had radio leprosy like we had very, very like if you test that knob on five 60 you get like I said to the tumor. The White House while reiterating its traditional stance of not commenting on classified reports of the New York Times story is representative of the complete document. We've always said that the terrorist started to term and keeping the pressure on and staying on the offensive is the best way to win the war on terror. A White House spokesman had it right. But the leaked intelligence report is hardly good news for Bush and Republicans coming on top of a messy revolt by top of Republican senators against the Bush plan for legitimizing how the US interrogates and prosecutes and tortures terrorist suspects. The Senate rebels, rebels who include possible candidates to succeed motion 2000 make, reach the compromise of the White House late last week. But the unsimely, we're already never intention away from Republican efforts to present a unified front on the issue of national security during the final stretch of the election campaign. There's stretch in it, baby. Republican leaders tried to brush aside the intelligence document which they said had been seen yet. And Senate majority leader Bill's fist expressed confidence US voters would not be swayed by the intelligence report. We're a Shulou so long. Next thing, you know, they're going to be talking illegal aliens on Lou Dobbsho and CNN. They're going to be killing. They're going to be shooting. And, and Lou's going to be doing the shooting, too. Can you just see there with a six-shooter just like just like why Burke, man? Can you see it? I'll know. It's like Gabby Hayes and we're Rogers. Shulou up, Lou. 993. Wouldn't be great to see Lou do a little kung fu. Like who made you? And Stiffy old school in New Legal Alien. Back across the border, Shulou. Shulou. Shulou. Shulou, yeah. Shulou, no way. Like who would have fly swatter? See, now you're going to get into now. You're going to start picking on the Mexicans again. I know you've got that prejudice. Oh, yeah. Now, you know how Rodio Swabba is getting a little bit of a number. There were that. Well, when does the Mexican station start doing a number? We're going to have some Mexican stations to our. We might as well. We've got all these other stations, those beginning ways. And they're doing your sternarily well. Hello, Bob, and we're doing it. Thank you very much, Jo Bell, for bringing us down for allowing Clarence to Drag us down into the desks of the spear. And once we have that June drop off, it's our, I'm telling you, man. If Clarence had the fall to bring you the de-monthly, as you would puke. Because knowing that July, August and September is the summer waiting book. And we're going to drop off that big June. We haven't got a Chinaman's chance in purgatory, man. And speaking of Chinaman's chance, I got a big article here. You want to hear the headlines from the BBC? All right. Be jeans, penis, and porium is the headline. Really down. And now we do the subheading. It says there are many thousands of Chinese restaurants around in the UK and everyone has their favorite dish that's favorite with the you. But only in China itself that this is a chef's specialized in a range of slightly more unusual delicacies. Ah. Ah. And of course in Spain where they like those bull fights, you know what one of the delicacies is there. We said, fried figures. I'm not going to say it. It's called fried bull. That's a loot of f***ing shit. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Thousands of hosts. Let's hear how we can go home. I'm going home. Oh. Hey, like that. That's more or less than you got 24-7 Joel. Each or hard out. Each or far, it's a part sound. I'm going to play Farts sounds all day. Just this is a protest. The sounds of protests. You've heard of the sounds of silence. I'm going to play the sounds of protest all day. Yeah. There you go. Let's trump it. Our big success. It is the latest trends. So I was only a trend. You know, it's just two turns of the summer book. I bet he doesn't have the balls to bring you the monthly. Okay. I'll put it a request. Put it a request for the monthly. I just can't wait. I want to see men 25-54 and many team-plus. I want to see those monthlys for the last three months. And when you see him, what a big month we had in June man. We have such a bogus. I mean, it's a great month in June. And when I think draft stops a lot, Augustine, September man, you are going to be able to find an audience with a search party and Shylaw Call. I spell it for a challenge. And if you support me or Rodgers, you're selling words when you're feeling so sad. You ain't in. This is the new Rodgers. I'll hold it. I'll hold it. This is the brain. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Any questions? Yeah. Uh-huh. So just set here. They had to use a photo shop to take off the way I got to put CVS on top. I need to look young and hot wall when they use the photo shop on my publicity shot. Jimmy curbs that I don't got. Hey guys, thanks a lot. Whoa, go on a diet. Don't be a joke or won't save on my stomach like our rookner. Ever since my waist, so I don't look sadder. Make me sexier than Dan Radar. Here's a new slash. This just ends. They also erase my extra chin. I love 20 pounds overnight. I just got hit on by Walter Cronkite. So let's start the photo shop. And don't you ever stop. Now that I got the anchor's fly, I need to say young and hot wall. Baby curbs in his hours. And these feet are not those. I got hit. I suck job there with kind of leaves. And that was pathetic. I'm surprised you didn't sit on the panel stool with kind of leaves and play it to wet. That would be sweet. It would have been real sweet. Kind of leaves. Although you're 82 and you've never been married honey, you've got some time for dating or you're thinking about, oh yeah, no she's with that right wing. Would have self-hating nasty Peter McKay in a Canadian. Anyway, so here we go. Sixth of the day here. Curris sends me the monthlys for waxy and for us boy August. They got a real love bonus. I mean they got really a good kiss there and obviously me. I see that. I kissed it. Yeah. And supposed to watch and always boy did we take a real I mean wow. Back though. You can be asked. Right? Maybe they're on the move now. What do you think? Oh, I see. Just like here ago, April. You know, every once in a while, they get one of those months and they say, hey, now we're on the way. Another night. Yeah. And we did not have a gigantic June. I mean it was okay. We had a 4.8, but it was down from May. With a big May. But that's already vanished. So like a little July a 5 or 4 week kick some serious sets and men that's 10 to 3. July was the big month man in July. August and September is December. But let's hear it. So we still got a shot of what you did. These September now that we got that morning show man at morning sports show. Turn it around. So you say that's our cast of play because you don't believe in it. You want them to succeed. You want them to succeed. You want them to succeed. Really? You want them to succeed. You want them to succeed. You want them to succeed. You want them to succeed. By the way, the Marlins. Three nine in July, but an August a 2.8 when they were making that big run in man 18 plus a 2.8. For a team that was vine that was winning like 80 in a row. Trying for the wild card and putting all that excitement in there. The talk of the town everybody was hooked up and it was my look at those Marlins. They broke an all time record man 20 games out after the first 30 some out games. And they come back to where a gamer 2 over 500 till 8. So until they fell apart. How do you like that? And did they get a number? Will they ever get a number? Will the Panthers ever get a number? Is there any increase in this crap? No. What? Not a lot of fun. What was funny? You were delivering it. I'm just telling you man, nobody cares. And then this business of trying to sell Halifah in Saudi Arabia man. They don't want it. They don't like it. You cannot sell Chinese poop who played it with the North Pole. What if there were a lot of Chinese poopers? What? If there were like one? If there were like one. If there were like one. If there were like one. If there were like one. If there were like one. Or they were like one. Because they don't want to get to this penis and poor young story. Why we still can. It's very important. The dish in front of me is gray and shiny. This is from the BBC, so it must be very intellectual. Russian dogs says my wife is Nancy. Big dog I reply. Yes, she says big dogs. Venus. We're in the cozy restaurant in dark street in Vigin. But my appetite seems to have gone for a stroll outside. Nancy has brought out a whole selection of delicacies. disease, they are draped awkwardly across a huge platter with a crocodile carved out of a cure does the centerpiece. What a crock. Nestling beside the dog's penis are as climbing testicles and beside the giant salami-shaped object. Donkey's is Nancy good for the skin. She guides me around the penis platter. There you go. When you listen to me and stuff and everything, this is important stuff. Snake very potent. They have two penises each. I did not know that. Sheep, horse, ox, seal, excellent for the circulator. She points to three dark-srival lumps which look like the liquorice all sorts. A special treat apparently rain-beer for Manchuria. The ghoul is one. Restrock claims to be China's only specialty penis-in-poor in Manoda is not a joke. The atmosphere is more exotic, spot-and-boost. Nancy describes herself as a nutritionist. We don't call them waiters here and we don't serve much alcohol. Only common people come here and get drunk and laugh. But she does offer me a dear blood and vodka cocktail which I decided to skip. The restaurants grizzly menu was drenched up by a man called Mr. Ghoul. He's not 81 and retired. After fleeing China's civil war back in 49 he moved to Taiwan then to Atlanta, Georgia, where he began to look deeper into traditional Chinese medicine and experiment on the appendages of man's best friend. Apparently they are low in cholesterol and good man then there's picture. Ah, ah, ah, great. Good not just for boasting the male sex drive but for treating all sorts of ailments. Lapture trickles through the walls are our dining room. Government officials said Nancy, two of them upstairs they're having the penis hot pot. Most of the restaurants guessery the wealthy businessman or government bureaucrats who was Nancy puts it and been brought here by people who want their help. What better way to secure a contract than over a steaming penis fund do? Disquestionated as sure it is all the tables are in private rooms. The grotesiest one has gold dishes. Some of them like their food served raw seasonanty like sushi but we can cook in a new way like. Not long ago I particularly rich real estate mogul came in with four friends all men. Women don't come here often so they shouldn't eat testicles as Nancy solemnly. The men spent 70, a 5700 bucks on it and especially rare dish. Something needed to be ordered months in advance. Tiger penis is Nancy. The illegal trade and tiger parts is a big problem in China. Campaigners say they species is being driven toward extinction because of its popularity as a source of traditional medicine. I mentioned this definitely the Nancy but she insisted all her tiger supplies come from animals at a dateable age. Anyway we only have one or two orders a year she says. So what is it taste like I asked? All of the same as all the other she says blightly and does it have any particular potency? No people just like the order of tiger to show off how much money they have. Welcome to the People's Republic of China, Tigers Beware. Oh yes she has the same group also ate and aborted reindeer fetus. Very good for your skin and here it is. Oh boy. Another nutritionist walks in during something small and red wrapped in cling film. My appetite is heading for the airport. Still I think it would be rude to have to try something. I'm normally okay about this sort of thing. I have fried cockroaches and sheep's eyes so there's a small bowl of sliced and pickled ops penis on the table. I've picked up a piece with my chopsticks and started to chew its cold and bland and rubbery. Nancy gives me a meat and bacon least smile. You could have this one. He says she should be in every day. Oh god. What they say a doctor away. Who says that? I don't know. Some people I know. That's what what's his name? Fulme. James Franco. Oh. By the way I'm final apologize to myself again for the free single genie. I'm sending back anybody want to even have it. That's the most I watched five minutes of one episode. That's for like a little kid. It's pathetic. It's like a whole bunch of little rubber greepers on there. You know it's just tragic speaking of a rubber. Nice going on. So like Waxy had a big month there in August. You can imagine a big party there having over there now. Look at that. Overall and many had a two five course old though. Many team plus two point eight in August. Two oh and June one eight in July and a two point eight in August. You know it's bogus. Mid days they had a one four one three and then a two four in August. Oh boy they got some wire diaries and August no doubt three to seven one nine in June one eight in July. Two six in August there on the move baby and at night all my god at night in July they had a one point oh and then August what a turnaround at 0.1 oh that's a real turnaround. Now how did we say that all we down to real turnaround yeah from a one point no to a 0.1 you can't turn around much more than and how did we do with the violence from a three nine to a two eight in August. It's an August minute we're making a big run Joshua and all those exciting games run and they were like right there within a couple of games at a wild card or close to it that is correct sir. Two eight. They skwad. And what do we have in August three oh but that's 10 to three keep in mind okay 10 to three it includes that two to four those two hours in dead air transferred maintenance that we still have no idea why the hell they insisted I'm putting him on in your all 10 that was carrots is call I guess so I'm not really the one made that decision to put that on the air and put a little funny. What in other words if tariff your tight with parents may you get a lot of air time even if you have like a minus in funny number like minus six year six below zero that's the way we're sir at QM because he's got the case at the kingdom and the naked pictures make them a steak above that he must have he must have they're enchanted with him he would know a radio if you stuck if he took my old RCA my old Emerson radio and stuck that in there and shoved it in there with a with a crowbar a small amounts of liquids and gels to be allowed now travel size three ounce containers of eyedrops lip gloss makeup javing cream whatever you need that fit and seal comfortably into a one court or less zip top baggy the second change concerns drinks you buy before you board your flight because we are confident in our increased security measures throughout the airport passengers will now be allowed to purchase drinks and other items in the secure boarding area to the checkpoint and bring them aboard their flights for instance you may buy bottles of water cups of coffee chop a duty free as long as it's bought in the secure boarding area past the checkpoint those are okay to bring on board your aircraft so two changes that recognize some common sense security point oh yeah small container everything saves me size and unlimited amounts don't pose a real threat there you know we got a relaxed thing because it's even close to the election we want people like that oh look at the great job they're doing baby they're doing a healthy they saved our lives and now being convenience is going to be a lot less in the gas prices to give us a dollar to take each gallon and everything is just great all right wait to like November 10th when it's like five bucks a gallon and when they say they're going to like strip you naked before the literature asked on the plane 141 votes oh Ireland in a specter finally got one don't feel better for him oh yeah let's pay our leniel about that magic book oh sorry the politician I trust the most none Eric finally changed that from nope nope rhymes with dope none they're all crooks here to 54 that's what that was my vote I'm first in the they're all crooks a total vote bill print in 237 he's still a crook here I like him but he's a crook Algor one 18 rust fine gold 89 Bob Graham 59 he shouldn't have been on there but I put him on because you know he's an expolitish he running on Barack Obama 36 George W. Bush 24 2.2% of this prestigious audience trust him the most in echo to show you there's a more unborn every second Elliott Spitzer 23 I'm surprised that many people know who that is he's your next president by the I hate this pool 21.9% John McCain 20 how could you still trust him what a sellout Rudy Giuliani 18 10 10 of E 15 John Kerry 12 Nancy Pelosi 8 Wimp Hillary Clinton only seven and Bill fist now inspector have on a piece Hillary's only got seven 10 I want you to have a talk with that child looking which one with Hillary maybe he can't open condom leases 29 almost 0.56 así 35 L A Hey everybody, the game's on. I'm just here watching the remote. I support watching. I support watching. Looking at me, guys. I'm alive. Oh, my. Oh, right. I support watching. I support watching. Look, the pattern there must now. Rectom. Ooh. Sky 하�好不好, hog. I threw away. I don't have toys. When I saw my first page. I got it, too! I'm so scared, folks in place. Ready, drive. They wear a dress. Watch the DS CAT. In this Fend Bar. Away! Oh! I was gorgeous. Well I have a Fortnite hot tenter. I'm a sports watcher. I'm a sports watcher. Don't you try it no but now. I'll try to be a vegan without a paid man on the guy this far. I like it. You know the Indian chili. That's over. It's the over and underwear. Right. Yeah. I give you a classic example. I guess today's dolphin Tennessee game. We'll still work here in hell to win and if we're for the penalty they will be on 3. What what is there to say about that? Is there any more that needs to be said about that? I've been in a was or what it was. It was a piece of crap and they're lucky in hell. I have a win and it means nothing and they suck. What else is there to say? Josh. Well, you could go the route of, and this is just going on a live. This is not what they were talking about in the morning short. But you know, Dante, you know, his confidence is going to be up now. He sucks because he ran that ball in for the T. He says mobile is the stance of liberty and he went head first. So, you know, he's got confidence now for the next week. Yeah, okay. That was on the morning show. I thought it was supposed to be an entertainment show. Are you telling me it's a sports show? I can't pay that up. Oh. What the hell is that? I don't take a pay down to George's book and be a Schmitzist. It fails. It'll be Josh's fault. That's correct. Just write that down folks. If the morning show our new morning show fails, it's going to be Josh Curtis's fault because he refused to go along with a cropper. Well, look at that obvious man. Oh man. Wow. If you believe this, then Mr. Godlater wire diaries across the street. A one four in the morning in men. A one point four, reaching a new low. I guess the last because they knew that, you know, was the, the hump or was the lame duck in the morning or did duck. And then he read, moving along. Come and move along. Get off that stuff. Just the point of just you, you're never going to talk these people into what out of anything. There are as stubborn as a muel, as stubborn as your mother and my mother as stubborn as the mother of a net will be trans American. That is good moving. I don't think Josh is ready for it. Now, did you say you, you keep telling me different mixed signals either you saw you think you're pretty sure I saw some of it. It's it's really actually pretty good. And what I saw, yeah, was very interesting. I was not put on or anything. Oh, oh, it's not like that. Only short moments. Blair turned blind eye to a racquet intelligence and bush meeting says the London dependent. Tony Blair turned a blind eye to a intelligence and failed the challenge George Bush over claims that Sodom was saying was developing nuclear weapons according to news claims published last week. A note of a private meeting between Mr. Blair and President Bush and January of 2003 shows that Blair failed a confront Mr. Bush when he claims Sodom and tried to buy aluminum tubes for nuclear weapons production. Mr. Blair did not contradict the president despite having received private briefings, which indicated that the aluminum tube, or more likely to be for conventional weapons according to the new edition of a book by the International Lawyer Phillips-Sans published today. The claims in the new US edition of the book, Lawless World, will raise fresh questions about other Mr. Blair playing a secondary role to President Bush. When Bush and Blair discussed the aluminum tubes at their White House meeting on January 31, 2003, they appeared to have done so by turning a blind eye on a never-you forgot to pick up my blind melon. David, to intelligence that had been made available to them, was on a health under chosen course of action. The book says assuming this to be the case, it can only reinforce the suspicion that mutual convenience present to the leaders to Mr. represent the intelligence to sure if they're a criminal or you can play it there. I don't want you to play it. I'm going to find my is this. Why? Can you play an olive for it? I'm ready for this. I'm going to get chunky. Who writes the words of the new? Let's just get it. All the dirty clothes. All one tear and sad gold, all so. Who is a luxury house at all? Some women always pray. Some who cares if there's a problem or when the problem is not obtained. What do you go for? Go see your show for. Tell the truth you go. Don't see you look good a birthday. Are you letting the town the bed get any time the new format? That's not the end of the morning show. Start in this week. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Are we dealing with blind melon? What are you selling? That he's melon? Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I can say. Oh, yeah. That's pretty fine. Okay. That takes here at that. At least I found it at school because it wasn't in a place where I supposed to. I still can't find my standing in the shadows of Motown CD and I'm pretty Peot about that. I'm pretty porky about that. Okay. So there's the monthly is which means I don't know. What is it actually say? Hmm. Huh? But it would be put a bit about right. In other words, July we'd end fine. Let's see how you done. This is mostly you and this summer book even mine. There was only on two days a week. July we were specifying. Can we be a five point slower man? What were you doing in July? Oh, it was like a big cause you were taken. Oh, yeah. But then an August down to a three point. Oh, and it's not so snow. No, I guess it got old. So, but we got July August and so it's all September's worth hanging. Okay, and then I keep in mind that's 10 to three. I'm going to tell you what they did to us with that two to four and then have them four mad dog following two arms a did there. Remember I kept saying you off here. When are they going to move him up already? I mean, they could have put him on two to five anytime they wanted. They could have put courtesy in between five and seven. Did they do it? Oh, they make a move. They actually like they were like paralyzed paralyzed. Terrified to make a movement, baby. He who hesitates is lost. So we'll find out September. Whether the guys across the street continue the gigantic move. They made an August, which I'm sure that they're all jumping up and down doing a Kazan's computer. Hey, more power to you guys. Whatever you know, try to talk yourselves into it. Comming yourself your like broadcasters. This story here, it makes you want to just throw your arms up in a year and say, what's the use? Okay, when I saw this and I put it on our website all along to get anybody's reading it. Why do we, you know something Josh, maybe we ought to just take the weekends off? I agree. You know, I saw there's some websites like we can. They don't we didn't change much of anything like capital hill blue. Pretty much leave stuff on the weekend because nobody reads them. Let me let me take a look here on our stats page and see how many people read the stories that you and I worked out. Brain off there goes blind mill on the floor. Sir, oh no. They don't go the game. That's enough. Let's see, posted on yesterday. How many people read that? 162 to most reads. 135. This four, and I didn't say that many of this week in the trailer like makeup for that bed day. When I sent to 800 stories. What? And I said it. I was just a little bit scared. Bush raided. I'm not feels above Lord of the sulfur. 200 and three people read that one. And I guess it's okay. Son of dolphins only gets deal time. 183. That's because, you know, we got a mean skirted bunch out there that wish Wayne would croak anything that bad happens to Wayne. I like it. I go along with that. So I guess we'll continue. But just not so many. I guess, you know, just a couple here a couple of days. Yeah, just tot it down to them. Ha ha ha ha. Like dolphins when. Oh, a little girl's blind team man. He squeaked one out. They actually were saying things. Good things about undanti call pepper. You got to be kidding me. He sucks. He's embarrassing. He's almost 100%. I got news for it. If what he's played is almost 100%. Now, that doesn't vote well for the future. After they get them pounding up on Houston, little girls team. I think the game after that is the one in the England. What that's going to be ugly is the picture is going to start getting a little peoed. I think a lot of games are going to be ugly. Really. I want to alter my early season. My preseason prediction. I'm thinking like maybe five and live for the dolphins. Which means another multi million dollar loss across the street. Twenty seven oh anyway the store and didn't get to it yet today. What's that? But why don't you get you so depressed? Great. I'll tell you what. Put a big smile on your face and hold it until after the break. They will get so fast. Then you think I'll rock you. Or you'll be a 90 to the issue. A M. It gloves the watch. Bobs and buch and biking. Oh. I don't care if they made a switch. I got half a new president to film in the country. I hear that you're not on the street. I think surprise, winning thoughts. Did you suddenly work in the office? I'm just working on a car ball, yeah. The exciting day like I'm a couple. Winnie and I's in my team with the cars on it. Who is these loyalists? Will hit your heart. I reckon it'll taste to be if you're someone who's in good spot. Give me a car ain't always cool. So have the show fucking in first. Don't you feel for me now? The car ball. The birthday is on a car ball, yeah. Turn that chill here, yeah. The car ball. New president, let it watch out for all those car bombs, yeah. So that weekend, keep great things out. Don't have to discover empathy. A new empire has already come out here. So one day that I took over two and got some good stuff. And there are Katie Fumes over newsroom buzz about a potential new collancer. And Mayor of Vier is already as sparring with Al Roker. Okay, sure. We try to step on him a couple of times. Got all kinds of good stuff in there. And the new and choir aren't you excited? I'll get all that. And the other good thing that happened was, I discovered jazz diet Pepsi. You haven't seen this? No. Well, let's go in. I've been telling you for many years. Now it's the shift like our de-mentality. You take basically the same product and you jazz it up a little bit in different ways. And you have like 85 varieties. And the more varieties you have, the more a product you sell. Jazz diet Pepsi, strawberries and cream. Frasé et crème. We, yeah. It's everything here. I got to have the label in the English and French because of those damn frogs and Quebec. But it anyway, it's pretty good stuff. But I don't know if you're in a like it or not because you said you don't like it. I mean, you got your lemon and lime Pepsi now. And now we got the jazz. And they got the sugar free. I like that. Keep it by the gap. Mmm. Oh, man. It gives you like a real good clean grifts. I like that. And I'll get to the bad news now. Sorry. Couldn't put it off forever. A recent New York Times CBS pull reveals among other things that nearly a third of Americans, still believe that a reiki former reiki de-cavis retamocene was personally involved in the nine-loving terror attack. I heard he was quarterback of the jazz yesterday. You realize how many closed games that we yesterday and not because it was good, but because teams are so bad, just like your game. I mean, I disagree with you on that. But a lot of bad games and a lot of bad quarterbacks. Oh, my god. So many bad quarterbacks in so little time. You don't agree with that? No, I don't think that there's a lot of bad teams, but oh, there are. And yours is one of them. I can't argue with you. Last month, President Bush stated in the press conference that the former reiki de-cavis had nothing to, in fact, we got it. We got him a Senate. And then we get different. What he says, what anybody tells them. We can we can stick it right on the NL. What did the racquet do to the what? Nothing. Nothing. Nobody's ever suggested that the attacks are September 11th were ordered by Rack. Last month, he stated in the press conference that the former reiki de-cavis had nothing to do with the attacks, despite previous statements by a vice president Dick Cheney. The Boston Globe in 2003 said Cheney asserted that the administration is learning more and more about connections between Alcatan and Iraq, before the nine-loving attacks of pricing aimlessly. The U.S. The U.S. The White House also has a web page which credits some of the confusion to former CIA director George Tenet. The lengthy time CBS survey was just over a thousand Americans found that there was their average IQ. Over 80 questions covering a wide variety of political topics. Highlights, when asked if they approve a disapproval of the way the president is doing his job, 56% disapproved, 37% approved. When asked the same about Congress, 61% disapproved, 25% approved. 60% said things are going worse today than they were five years ago. Only 18% said things were going better. 19% said that men's men's about the same. Come see come saw. One question asked the respondents was what they thought was the most important problem facing the company today. He had were numerous choices 14% chose the war in Iraq and 14% terrorism in general. 7% said the economy. 4% including Lou Dobbs had immigration. 2% health care, 2% the environment. Education religious values rate are only 1% the respondents. 20% was for other. Other crap. Not even leaving enough stuff like that. S with the November elections 96% said they would definitely probably vote only 3% all year. 96% are going to vote. What are they going to say after we have like a 40% turn out? Where are the other 56% percent? All I lied. I lied. Talk about giving a PC answer to polls. That was a show. A polls are full of crap including ours. The expectation for November, my response was that 54% of Democrats would see 32% of the Republicans would have the upper hand. Probably a hand from a king there and I'd move a Tristan as old. The M10A. What is it that you saw that was so bad? You said that you saw floggle. Everything you said. And Josh said you said to see the jackass instead. He called you a jackass for watching that. Both. He said you said you saw the jackass. He said you saw the jackass. He never stole a free train. He was pretty good. And Thomas, however, did not farewell. 77% of the respondents felt it's time to give new people's a chance. Only 12% supported Congress for your election. 42% of Democrats were more likely to make the right decision about the winner. 37% of Republicans responded to better decision making regarding terrorism of a GOP. 42% to 37%. The picture, which has been probably featured in recent news, is never justified in the 15. 56% of those poor. Well, 35% said it was sometimes justified. And 5% said it all depends. I'll book out whether June Allison stand by with the fresh box of depends. 59% felt the president is mostly telling the truth, but hiding something about how things are going for the US and Iraq. While 12% feel he's telling the entire truth, 25% called he's mostly lying. So, what asked if they thought of themselves as evangelical or born again Christians, nearly a third said yes, 68% said, oh no way Jose. No way, you crazy best thought of going to you. By the way, happy. You was New Year and happy Ramadan. And a Pope says he takes it all back. Oh, what they sure got to him, fast, didn't they? He is talking up heavy duty now, man. And then those fences just like Kenny Kirk was stuck it up to kind of legalizing. That was what about disgusting pieces. And if you don't believe the way they manipulate the media and take them over, you don't believe nothing. Just pathetic. Wasn't better if they got Danny rather not only off the news, but also off the 60 minutes. But now we got this tough piece bitch on there with her black eye who's not only doing the CBS evening news, but now she's doing suck up tough pieces on 60 minutes. Oh my god. I wish you would have seen that. You would be so happy Ramadan glad I did. You may have about four pounds now from just you can your guts out overnight. Man, what a tough piece. Why not just come out and say the president's bull like Secretary of State. You know why not say it? Oh, you may have went out there, Katie, for America and the whole world and oh, good. God, even Mikey knows she's ducky. And he likes any of that. That's cute. Brother. Of course, you know, now that we're going to have a gay governor in the state of Florida, Charlie Christ. What's wrong with that? It's golden around. They were taking over. And we could use in the gaze. It's pretty good. I think the church is taking over next. I'm going to tell you right now, if you want Osama, if he is still alive and they're making you want Osama, you better relax Obama. He's done a couple of things that I thought were like, you know, I haven't agreed with last few months, but nevertheless, he's the man. You mark my words. He's going to be big. He's going to be huge. Huh? I'm all for it. Yeah, he too. He's got my vote. Certainly better than that. Sorry. He couldn't win a face to like you. There's too many people. She, you know, she is, she's like they are female Michael Dukakis. Guaranteed loser. You can just see the Republicans rubbing their highlights together like a big grasshopper. They're just hoping that he gets the nomination. They're praying for it. Because that's what they were rubbing. They're rubbing them. Just like Katie Kirk was sitting there with kind of leaves. I got one of those with how they were scrubbing and rubbing. God, how this stuff gets on the ear. I mean, this is these are all over the world. People are watching this. Like this is a representation of something for real. Like this is for is real. And of course, that never got mentioned in there either about the slaughter of all these people which he's got plenty of blood on her damn hands too. In fact, would have been appropriate if Katie would have said, well, do you, how come them in the face and the rest of you seem to be a little black but your hands are all blood red? That would have never been a good question, yeah, but. But you see, there's very people got to big few big gohons to go off and like, I want to know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You don't know what that's a legitimate question. It was a perfectly legitimate question. But I want to know how many people are the Bush administration has this question of you. Everyone watching this on this earth. Believe you estimate. And we asked plenty of questions. And then that said, let him have it. Let's stick it to him. Pull out our shavings. Just stab him or she's a part of it. Oh, what's right now? Because you're not allowed to have a heart if you work on Fox News. 18, don't know. If you haven't got the mad dog at you, they power our time to take a real heavy shower with hanging in my dog on property of body wash for to five. Hoppers got two salar hours between five and seven. The marlins were going to have a one game set in Baltimore, but they decided not to do it. How you got sucked into that? Listen, man. Listen, I'm sorry. That's your little thing. I'm here. He's trying to tell me I was wrong. I knew them well. They don't play two games in Philadelphia. They go to Atlanta for one game on a Sunday. Whoever heard of a schedule like that. Even Bud Light isn't that crazy. And just because parents put it out of the sea, they're getting two and now they're starting to get two. I'm not going to pay you to say that. It'll never happen again. Seven and nine. We got Hurricane Hotline at Game Workshop. It's on said place. Nine and ten. We got Craig Mish tonight. We got between seven and ten. Kind of a Mish Marsh. And then ten o'clock at Zidi Kay. In fact, the episode that I watched about five minutes. I was like, it was called Nashing and Mash. No, it was not. Oh my god. 17,000,000 QM. And right now it's time to took the stress and worry out of last night of Hurricane preparation. No geek caught short again like everybody did during Wilma. And it's still only September. I'm going to get a long way to go in Hurricane season this year. The Hurricane Shutherrout led manufacturers. EZD use a courty and shutters. Now they provide you with expert installation. To if you like. Call them at nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three. They feature rule downs. According to his panels, just like our friends at the hurricane. Shutherrout led customers make it even in Stuller shutters for you. Call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three right now. And get yourself some real peace of mind and top match protection. The hurricane shutherrout led their family owned and operated. They are licensed and sure and they grow it in Palm Beach County's approved as well. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and luminent panels. Cut to your specifications. Or ready for pick up or deliver them right to you. And like I said, if you liked, leave them in Stullem for you too. The public and all contractors are welcome. Major credit cards accepted. And if you mentioned my name, tell them that the Elijah toward the call or since you buy. They'll give you a hundred bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet. The hurricane shutherrout led to get yourself that protection. You've got to have if you live in South Florida. Call nine five four two three seven seven o' way three or log on to hurricane shutherroutlet.com. The biggest name. So fast. The first is the O'Rodgers. The fourth video five sixty. See you again. Hello YouTube and on on on on on and YouTube again. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, y'all records. Walk you here about to RB, the roles and what they've done is that fire just assured to some just the shotgun him. They say they're not really violent They say they're not really mean All the problems I've made They're the excuses They're the good shit Steve And what the pity's saying They make those moments so hungry And at that point Maybe it's because They come to me They tie to shoes and wear them as they They're the bad at it, shit Steve And they have protested in cash, real They're all so many things They say they're the problems I've made They say they're the poor people All the problems I've made They're burning at my shoes All the problems I've made They're the bad at it, shit Steve All the problems I've made They're the bad at it, shit Steve Yeah, but he's suckin' up heavy-knutin' out Maybe they want to get along They want to be along He wants to say a lot They don't want to know more dead Christians You know, at least Catholics anyway For again Christians you can kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them You can't kill them There's a big black stripe right down the middle of it Time to change cartridges Right there you go Time to go Good thinking I can't but tell me that I mean good Far where you got it anyway Thinks of this And it's a horrible piece of copy By the way the new Hank Not Hank Goldberg's But our new Hank wasn't in Guerrero What if he's in the Piedro Guerrero I don't think I don't think he's in the Piedro Guerrero But at any rate he's cool Cool us Cool us and cool us And I'm probably this Chris Jones man We got him sales Remember the last sales manager The lump whatever we call What do we call him? Steppy Steppy that was Hank's name for him The little steppy Steppy is a genius compared to this guy And didn't speak with a sudden draw or y'all I'm just in the call me a bigad And I am but that thing with a sudden draw I'm always kind of get to hackles They hear on my back of my neck up in a Cahanna Wow We got over 100 votes on the pool Toletisms you trust them 140, most people say they're all crooks Or at least 34% said that And that's the right answer Anybody who thinks that they're some altruistic Wonderful person out there Just waiting to save us You're full of crap man Because they can't get anywhere Being honest in politics and going to get anybody in place That may be a very, very, you know, cynical view But it's also the correct one Jeff Cohen No not the pizza guy The founder of the Media Watch group fair And author of cable news Not confidential my misadventures in corporate media And you know why I love this article I remember how I used to talk about Crossfire Yes, and how they always put a real week liberal on there Starting with that old code Tom Brady This is great Jeff Cohen writes for an us working chip For two decades I've been preoccupied with one issue above all of us That both ends of the political spectrum Got their say in the media One reason among many that I worked so hard We tear George's WDV2 2004 Was my nightmare that a defeated John Kerry Would be hired by cable news To represent the lift they have today on a TV debatio Fox News channel often gets blamed for the standard format That puts forceful articulate right wingers against wimpy Hulping liberals Fox is pairing a variety of hard-throb shun Handedly with back-pettling barely left the center Alan Cones As a prime example of this law-sided format A mismatched depicted in Al Franken's book Henry and Cones But it's wrong to blame Fox for television centered right GE to GM spectrum That format was firmly in place years before there was a Fox News The real culprits have been CNN and PBS Take crossfire The first part of the CNN and the 82 is the only nightly four Monashinal TV, reporting to offer an ideological battle Between co-host on the left and right Crossfires co-host on the left for the first seven years Was a halflessly in the factual center's Tom Braden A guy who makes Alan Cones look like an ultra-left firebrand In CNN's eyes Braden apparently weren't his left discredentials By having been a high-level CIA official Ironically enough in charge of covert operations against the political Left of Western Europe Braden was paired on crossfire with the ultra-rightist Pat Buchanan During the Braden Buchanan years, LSD guru Timothy Liri told to report her That watching Crossfire was like watching the left wing of the CIA The baiting the right wing of the CIA It may have been Liri's most sober observation ever I guess it several times on Crossfire with the tyrant 70 something is my alleged ally What's as I took my seat on the set saying Braden totally kicked up with makeup My first impulse was to reach over to take a pulse My second impulse was to flee the studio In an 188 crossfire reference when I criticized the conservative tilt of TV punty In debates restricted to right versus center But you can it could not only a feeble defensive brain What do you think is sitting next to me? What do you think this is a pot of plant? A healthy fight against observed a mother Jones right it would add more balance The tabo against genuine progressives as host was even clearer when crossfire needed Substitute on the left and shows CNN shows belt-wise centrist like Jodi Powell President Carter's press secretary and Martin Conzrackey Yes the guy who is now on fox and no he was no more progressive then These were men who would never occur themselves to be on the left and rear Life they seemed to win when CNN made them say it on television On both CNN and PBS one of TV's longest running standings for left has been Mark Shields even while his promo material denied any ideological leanings Mark Shields is free of any political tilt they would say When John Roberts became our country's chief justice Shields wrote a scolding attack not on the right wing judge who we actually praised But on a feminist leader who opposed Roberts Shields is a smart articulate guy But he's no more an advocate for the American left I know Gibson is an advocate for reform Judaism Seeing liberals on TV backpedal night after night in the face of the big cannons and Hannity's helped create a public image of the American left as weak Evasive lacking in values and the American right as clear form and moral Pundit TV is the final not only a skewed spectrum of debate But a roadmap for defeat of liberal politicians just as score and carry Imagine if the American right of it represented year after year on TV not by the big cannons and Hannity's But public and public and public's allied with Christine Todd Whitman and Arlan Spector Moderates dismissive their party's activists now imagine that the American left of the Represented on TV not by the braids cancelling in comms is the power progressive Punnits like Barbara iron-wreck and Jim Heitauer. Needless to know he was easy to imagine Which is a lot about the real bias of TV news There's no bias in TV news that's why Katie Kirk was on their shut up to kind of leave on 60 minutes last night Kissy kissy kissy kissy. Wow. I got that story about Katie I think it's time to let the break you in the inquire stuff. Okay. Well, they liked that Yeah, I want to think they're teeth into a baby. Just like I thought Katie was going to stick her teeth into a condolese I'm sure that's something was going to happen something sexual was going to have her right there on the spot on the set Maybe on the piano maybe they're going to do it on the piano Think it's possible because kind of leaves was sitting there tinkling away a fan of it Tickling the keys and Katie was tinkling all over Format is still in the queue and we got the mad dog it to right back God looks after that august month man like we made our move just in time Or maybe like I said a little bit too late like I've told you I've been using dry concepts in my home for 21 years And you wouldn't dream and either what I've used anybody else if you got a brain don't trust your purposes I'm a slack master that you find in the yellow pages and don't forget just because you can't see the dirt and mold in your carpet It doesn't mean it's in there. It's in there. All right deep. It's in there deep and stuff. We tend to go long periods of time without opening windows Which can bring unhealthy conditions more reasons to dry clean your carpets on a regular basis your carpet last longer because It takes the crap out of the fibers deep in your carpet. This copy. I so help me God I'm going to kill somebody whoever wrote this. It is so bad. Remember what I had to go through to get this copy? Yeah, I just want to sit here and put my head on the table and cry. I just don't cry Don't cry anyway your carpet stay clean or longer because they get even the deep down dirt and the fibers your carpet up And they will last longer too comes out. Sock that the colors come up looking brighter in your house mels lemony fresh afterwards And dry constants has got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy and a fresh into cost a regular cleaning for you Two you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call my good friends a dry concepts. They will do it for you And they'll give you a written guaranteed price up property for those they're doing their unbeatable job Calment Hank sent you by man. They will pee in their pants. That's Hank Guerrero called dry concepts at nine five four three seven Oh seventy seven seventy eight. That's nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight don't forget clean today entertainment with dry concepts The feasting so best challenge to this is for your Rogers for Shredio five sixty you This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q eight Um At five sixty W Q a have your advertising dollars will be well spent in the capable hands of W Q a M's crack itself Yeah, I take this call. I got to steal some some guy for me. Yeah. Oh, this is my big chance Gills gonna hit the same time boy Hello, I'm in your thin buying spots on the George Rodriguez show The other guy all that might not be a good idea Why well, he's not a proven talent and he can't be proven with only two shows a week and Would be unacceptable see he he doesn't have hold the high moral standards of the W Q a themselves staff And we'll say how about some nice page you wouldn't want to buy any spots on reruns of meals show Yeah, I mean we already heard all those shows. Oh sure there's so much easier to sell it and I'd really like to go home now No thanks Wait We're running a special on old best of tapes with Alan Burke and Mark shine bomb Oh Hello, Tyler holler Oh, not again only W Q a have has tapes and tapes and tapes and tapes and tapes Five time on this and it'll make our job easier Come on, too. Yeah, make it easy. I don't think they got any job anymore. Just look them the address concepts website You know drug concepts dot com yeah, but this this piece of copy somebody ought to be behind bars for what they're doing on our radio station There needs to be a major forget about what's happening in Iraq what's happening with Iran forget about all a Who killed talk Robin? It needs to be like a major congressional investigation into what school are on over there Cuz I just only had the brow number. I thought to myself. I'm sitting here wondering will those there's some kind of a change over there No, there's not in Dayton Palm Beach. They still got the same toll free number 1800 248 5071 and their website is still dry concepts dot com not what you course made this excuse for a piece of copy See that was where I made the first mistake last week when I started pitching yeah, come I don't have a man was where I made the first mistake Because copy and us with this new regime we got Seriously, that this is scandalous you ought to be you ought to be up and running up and down the hall right now screaming like a child maybe a war person. I'm bigger part maybe if I cared Well, I hate to break the news to you but some of these accounts have had on the year for like 20 and 25 and 30 years I love you I love them. They're great people and so to why and I'd like to hang on to what little I got left Man, oh man. I got news for you. Okay, Chris Jones whatever kind of crappy playback there It's unacceptable. It is absolutely unacceptable Hey, they have turned a keys to the game. What have I been telling you since way back early part of the year and you're like that and you're right I don't care. Sorry. I forgot I don't care But when it comes to stuff like that Katie Fumes over newsroom buzz about the new cool anchors says this week's October 2nd National Enquirer Katie Kirk is seeing over rumors that her bosses at CBS want to bring in heart-hitting newsbed when Cristiana Amman tour the booster-sacking ratings You know that old back Cristiana Amman pool See, just your 95 What was that oh my uh lunch Christian 48 who don't look at day over 98 has worked for CBS in 60 minutes it might be text is a special force Punner or and what would be a major investment to 49 year old Katie as her co anchor on the CBS evening news sources Oh my god Christian is a tabloose of the Thuron Katie said the source Katie hates being compared to my hands on newswoman Who does more than look cute and read the news out loud out loud While her much hyped and publicized September 5 debut put CBS in first place in the network evening news race She slept the third place by 9 11 She took back the lead the next day, but it's questionable what a viewers will stick with it when of course they did not To be fair, it's too early in the know of Katie will turn out to be the ratings move miracle They're banking on other CBS instead of folding in choir and newsroom Katie is all smiles But the last thing Katie wants to hear is buzz about a secret backup plan including Christian Amman pool Although Christian is a contract with the Atlanta base CNN her name has been floating around at CBS since December when a tough Secrets survey revealed the viewers favorite Christian over Katie is a trusted news source trusted news source My ass Katie correct is a trusted news source CBS tonight's any survey took place as the inside of a the whispers exist a Katie can't pull off a ratings win without a solid news report around her team Oh, a bothers can't even more than introducing Christian isn't even news correspondent is the idea that CBS could bring her into New York periodically to co-anchor the program For the time being CBS is sticking with Katie said the source of the world of television You can never say never they're sticking with the shabam wall like three weeks after their pan. You understand Seriously, is that Hank Guerrero anywhere around her because if he is I'm authorizing right now to put a bulletin where his brain is supposed to be Okay, I mean this is it's just amazing to me We have people who don't get it and this is what happens when you bring in people off the street when you have a revolving door and you say Poop you are sales poll, you know Poop you are salesman They haven't got the foggy side deal what it's all a boot and I take it back. I do care I'm starting to care again. That's bad news, but I do care. I'm just nauseated kind of flowers. Do you like pansies? I locks Lilaks right straight from across the lake baby in Rochester from Kavisil and to Randy's been part I like them lilaks Mmm, she's next good about tulips almost is good. Are you gonna start with that crap again? There he starts again. Don't go Jesus that Jazz diet pepsi baby indulge your senses exalt a bosin It's and it's also got natural artificial flavors. I got a lot of those chemicals in there To make sure that your tumor grows nice and like big and round strawberries and cream Jazz now pepsi it's good stuff. You never heard of it did you nope? See I would drink the quantities great new products Meredith beer is already sparring without roker Today's your weather man. Alroker isn't pleased after his first on-year run in with Meredith Vera in the first 30 minutes at her new job Meredith compared the good nature now to a dead hamster Meredith put al on the spot by saying I'm especially fond of you because I had a hamster named Alon I was growing up Al, let's end your fed one of the show seem to be taken off garden boarded out. Oh really? Big Al continued Meredith. Yes, he did die Hands to name big Al. I'll try to get into the spirit of the strange story by commenting He went toes up. He's in a coffee came in your backyard. Okay, Matt Lauer stepped into change the subject for behind the scenes. Al was embarrassed and thought he and Meredith had gotten off on a wrong foot Al was also where then interview prior to joining the show Meredith had praised Matt and Anne Curry But never even mentioned him. Al sees himself as far more than a weatherman He considers himself the glue that holds the team together often providing the humor that Titans have a moment's explain the source He felt a hamster there wasn't especially funny and then Meredith wasn't showing him the respect He deserved. Oh light not about yeah He did Now here's my favorite picture. He's a lot of pictures here though, which we could show just look into speaker in your radio Okay, hold it up. Amy Grand me winning hip hop hotty Fervey and her black eyes piece bandmate Apple V app kick off the NFL season with a performance of their jump up and dance hits on Let's get it started My God, is there any hope for the human race No, none Put it out of her misery baby. We sound like she's in big pain Uh-oh more stress for Christie break me as her daughter collapses any injury Your girlfriend Jessica and I'm meltdown Sit back since Tingers singer. I know what tells me And then we're here for you. Jessica a series of emotional and career set backs over bomb Jessica Simpson and elect her friends worried that she was close to a meltdown The singers had to deal with one staggering blow after another her love affair with rocker John mayor her first real romance and stavocing Nicola She blew up because John couldn't stand the intense publicity critics pan to new CD and sales have been disappointing She couldn't sing right about paper sack So and it make matters worse of vocal cord injury effort is singing during the all important first week of promotional appearances Her today show performance was it is zaster She barely got through two numbers of a three song set to the close source Who reveals pals are worried Jessica's been hit for a total meltdown Meanwhile X has been mixed to welcome took off faster than hers any ended up soaking her in the divorce home Which we told you in front of yeah, true Last year, initially offered him on point 20. I we know that he ended up with about 10 million in cash and assets As Jessica faced one of the darkest periods of her young life He supports who she had come to reline was no longer available in force and it goes on a poor Jessica Meanwhile Nick and Vanessa are almost inseparable get that later on Nick and Vanessa I was excited about that no Star Jones has been walks up who could blame him hey Our Reynolds who was able to smell buddy Mel Gibson's daughter wedds and everyone stays sober. I bet you she and Mary I do you that oh There's That's pretty medium. We'll feral feels a love a tomato film festival here. He gets kissed on both cheeks Dustin Hoffman and left Emma Thompson in the right his co-star is near coming comedy stranger than fiction Which looks really bad. Yeah, well, he's in my dear big will feral fan on a like will feral boat I never saw him again because he's in the early bag Robin Williams leaves rehab to save his marriage and if he ever makes another movie be sure missed that Very funny guys another one of those guys funny guy, but movies his movies are pathetic else stinko Man You made good morning Vietnam and that's when you should have said let me go back to stand up Steve or when death photos And then just got three pictures here, which we fight out of artist recreation They're not photos after all What really happened to the crocodile hunter cracking? He pulled out the bar but next one he's gone You reached in there and yank it up reenetted and feel so good. Josh and Fergi anybody care about them Josh I don't even ought to say his name do haymel nobody knows who they are. I don't know seven heaven said turns in a hell on earth What is a picture obviously some five or six years old towards stals? Wow It's an old picture. He don't look so good. He'll ring her about nice got Jason get Rick syndrome old before his years The mood on the set of seven heaven has hellish these days after ten years on the air budget cuts have resulted in less We hercel time and longer work days for the show stars and they're adding to others trotes They're ready to others trotes. I didn't even know they were still in the air. It was canceled after last season after ten year run But never can executive change their minds and brought it back again Everyone seems sick of working with each other said the insider and there were these others trotes Whitney is devastated is planned to get Bobby back backfires Man a stuff that we're supposed to care about and Vanessa Manillo Which the exciting part of it is that Josh actually knows who that is. They Neo Manio that's right well, excuse me Me scoosing Vanessa Manio is white hot romance with Nicholas. She is getting a chilly We see from her bosses at entertainment tonight. They recently came down pretty hard on Vanessa I bet she he did too part of the problem is that she's been taking too much time off since relationship with Nick began And again, we'll be up here to about that plus the fact that she's really me as she's mouthy looking and oh brother He can do a lot better than that. You can do better than that Nick I think Jessica I think important that that's probably one of the most ridiculous comments I've ever heard you want well the picture Her maybe very bad. Okay, maybe it's a bad picture Josh She's over here and not in one of the three of my wooden you wouldn't give her a second look if she would be looked like Oh, it's not maybe she'll let us know. I know who exactly I know exactly who she is and I'll give her ten looks yeah Well, I'll give him a look or two too. I like that. I just announced it out over in the house He's getting kind of schmussina. I wouldn't touch him with your hand. Our James Franco. That's another story. How about Francisco Franco? You have how about Frank for American. I'm an idiot. It's been Hank coming in a apologize yet for that piece of turntown 506 you Feel This is man rather formally of CBS in the news now of something called HD met We can see I was reconpotted mark in my face, but till and gave I could get so so be it Anyway, you may have heard that some girls has taken my spot on the CBS even news now Unless you've been living under a rock you know it's Katy Kirk. I've only met Katie once She's not upon me, but I'm purpose perhaps, but she pops her pee just when she does Stip eyes never direction Let's just hope the cameraman Aware and sneeze yields do not take my complete and total honesty for bitterness Well, okay take it for bitterness. They put me out to pasture and Katy Kirk sits there in my chair with my butt in print and says We're gonna give you a different way to look at the news Okay, I'm here to tell you that's how I wound up working for HD met I say stick to the facts Short of that lose your top and peer-shawnyples because you ain't got a prayer here's hope and Brian Williams grabs you by the feet and each you like the shrimp Then rather reporting formally of CBS news now catch me on HD met some time between one and three in the morning I Funny pass no don't take the Lord's name in vain like that Danny Boyd. Oh, thank you. I saw fear anyway DNC chairman Howard Dean is a plotting president built Clinton for standing up to Fox News is right wing bowling and propaganda machine I like that and that he didn't know if he was here yesterday morning on Fox. So see you hit This show you did your last little conservative hit job on me But I want to know Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a question. You don't know that's a legitimate question. It was a particularly legitimate question But I want to know how many people in the Bush administration CBS this question do you ever watch Fox News on this? I believe you asked him and we asked plenty of questions They didn't ask that did you know you did not use right wing suck up and a statement said to roster I did declare as the president Clinton that exactly with Democrats need to do in this election I told you how is the man, baby? We got Joe Bell we need Howard Dean. We got Joe and Chris Jones, man I really have Joe Jones. Remember Joe Jones you talk too much. You talk too much. Yeah, you do How much you got that song right there? I'll be a little stash of crap How he deans his Democrats need to stand up to the right wing propaganda machine until the truth month There you go Joe Jones And Chris Jones And hey, Guerrero man and watch your purpose in the glam we got back to the results I'll be doing 10 to 20 for impersonating a sales group man. Oh man James Why is that keep doing that? Oh, because that keeps top it. Oh Washington man, could you try to screw me up? Washington Republicans attempted to twist history and recasted truth Did not help us win the war on terror bring us closer to capturing or saw me a mama the mastermind and not out of tax Dean continued President Clinton stood up for the misleading tactics of the right wing propaganda machine Dean said as the natural intelligence System that was reported on today showed Your back war in a Bush administration's failed policies have hurt our credibility when the war on terror In fact, made us more susceptible to those are more dangerous place You're gonna take a genius to figure that out. No, it did not Let's see, and look at I definitely want to change the cartridge in there your cartridge No, there's nothing wrong with my cartridge. Don't you understand? I just put a ton of cartridge in there a couple days ago It's not on this end. That's what I'm trying to explain you. All right, I'm this in. There's all right Let me excuse me. What was the last time there was a technical problem on this end? What what what's such we was that in doesn't mean it's not gonna happen someday But it hasn't happened yet and it isn't happening now All the way there's it isn't happening now round cow Say we repeat after me. Okay, but there's really nothing on machine can do to generate that line on this end Okay, I'll send you what have Eric facts me something. Okay, all right anything You're telling me that this louder and didn't you tell me on the log that there are all these black lines before anyway before you said it to me? No, no, I'm not waiting white lines. We kept going back and forth I said it's faded out the lines that they were giving me were faded out Please end as you answer this down in street.org you need a little love it. Okay, whatever you see Are you gonna have Eric your facts me something this is thanks? I just told him Bush's church urges pull out of US troops from Iraq. How do you like that? Bush's church says went and pull them out and the troops too President Bush's own troops is called for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq and his urging direct action to end the war Rights Mark's show of junior United Methodist Church leader helped launch a week of protest and civil disobedience against the war Iraq by sending a declaration of peace in the capital urging President Bush to pull US troops out of the country The declaration of peace out and on September 21st It described as a call for nine violent action when the war in Iraq the Washington DC if that was when a 350 stays nation-wide If we want the peace initiative more than 500 groups almost half of them faith organizations are involved in the declaration of peace Ever which recently retired Bishop Susan Morrison said includes acts of moral witness to seek a new course for our country We need a moral witness. We need the parliament's missing out on a testifying By signing the peace document in front of the White House the United Methodist and other protesters also hope to influence congressional races in November 2006 by forcing candidates to outline where they stand in the war Speakers at the DC rally accused the president of lying about Iraq possessing weapons and mass destruction and launching what they call the illegal offensive Better late than never our demand is a movement is to end the war now to Bishop Morrison the declaration calls the situation Interact and endless fire consuming lives Resources and the fragile possibilities of peace and it's all coming by the way While in generals are telling rumsel that they need billions more for the army and they're away Way in short and that he's a crazy person to see that high-side Where's that facts Eric? He said it would take him a minute because his machines got a warm up whatever that means 34 protestors attempting to deliver the peace statement to Bush and an active civil disobedient This obedience where arrested and charged with the certainly conduct none of the United Methodist protesters participated in that fourth of the basic activities The declaration of peace initiative provides away for the faithful to vent their anger about Iraq Morrison said there were a lot of frustrating That method is South here. We don't know where to channel it They're pissed off who fired up They like that his own church says cut the crap W and they won't do it. They won't cut the crap course none The worst be sure in a day Frank rich writes stuff happens again in bang that But this is long. I have time to read it now for the break course I do have time to read how can any Christian support the GOP that's a good idea I Gary Vance in your pants. I'll take a chance. This was on a smirkling temp All right, should any Christian support the current version of the GOP this might seem like an odd question considering how How so many have come to things GOP stands for God's own party Do you have any of these for you? Fuelling this no sound have time to do this. Okay. See, why did you let me start doing that? I don't know I didn't know how long it was sabotage and Eric still hasn't said the facts now There's a lot riding on this fast when this comes over my machine if it's my machine It's got a recently put in their brand new What do you call it drum drum? I'd like to see to be shook in or something Shaken me let me ask you this if that's the case how come the log came to their like nice and pristine Christine I don't know what he was doing it then who was it? I mean different okay, we'll see I did for what it's worth I just unplug Plugged our bike and took the car to doubt shut it around. I'm gonna tell you know that Hank Guerrero in sales Yes, I would take that plug having drop his pants then right over and stick that plug and the whole of a Facts machine right there E Real Try to broke in Naim Itffroody is No You took the onions and bite. And somehow I think you've just foreshowed. Seize the people who have the door to time. You fail to make peace with Israel as a better start. You're missing this boat on the side of the sea. And I'm gonna go back and fly this wild day. Come on, dear to my core. We're making a sad goodbye, bro. The most of the time I've followed is that I was in the final phase. I'm actually trying to get rid of my time, but that's... Yes, please one day, guys. But there's this wild day, bro. But if you go so smoothly, two or four days ago, ready to be the future of the No Sees Fire. You don't have to let three to catch the sea. She was to all the fairs, what tiny characters to our journalism. You got it, kind of reason. The chief fixer teeth at some point. Who's that, kind of musselies, or they still all get me? No, no, she's got all new teeth now. I think she took some of the piano keys. And she snapped them on her. I guarantee that one of both of them had an orgasm dream that in the interview last night, I'm 60 minutes. Jay, maybe both. Anyway, I got the Eric Spax and I hate to break the news to you. As usual, you know, I just... No wonder your mother hates you like boys. That's all I hate my life. And your kids. And your dog. Right. Here it is, from Eric, and this page is as white as your pasty face. Other than the Pradana, which our read very clearly, it has no black stripe. It's got no smudging, no mudging, no problem. It's a clean machine, mine. I'm trying to tell you this. Okay. And yet everything you do, haven't even been there long enough to realize that everything in that place is a piece of turd. Don't you understand that? I do understand that. Don't you get it? Have you had enough experience with that machine there, man? Sitting to your left, the piece of crap. But see, that's not generally the way things work. Except at WQAM. In fact, you know, something in life. And that's pretty much the way it goes. Things, the way things work in life are generally not the way they work at QAM. A lot of fact, machines will print us stripe on your taste. Just like when you asked somebody for a piece of coffee for an account that you've been doing every 20 years on the year. And then they would go back and they really would make sure that they had all the correct information on there. Instead of just putting a bunch of words on a piece of paper to try to pass and find me, which is the new routine here with a sales crew. By the way, when was the last time Chris Jones came in there with those updates and how all these accounts are vanishing like crazy up in there? Yeah. This is not just a game that couldn't shoot straight. This is a game that ought to be shot is what it is. Shot as in March. Remember her? Trash does. Yeah. And you remember March. Sure. So there it is. A nice clean page. And he roges in Toronto. But September 20th. Bye-bye. Thanks, Eric. For our justified mile existence. Okay. That's not on this end. Don't you understand? God. You're still not not hearing it. No, I heard what you're trying to say that there's no way that you can generate that. Well, guess what? Something in that might seem odd. There's no way that that's not usually the case. When you got a print thing like that, it's usually on your printer. But it's always on that end. This isn't the first time this has happened. This has happened many, many. I would say. But 30,000 times. This has happened. It's always on that end. Don't act and I won't tell. Am I supposed to be some kind of a maven on fax machines, on generating black lines, on what pages? What's all the minor about such crap? Not at all. All I know is I have two fine machines here, man. Both identical. And they both worked just fine. You know what I'm saying? We call we're fine. I'm saying cut the crap. Okay. How many votes we got on here? Cut the crap, Hank. You're we're off. By the way, I want that child in there tomorrow morning. Before the show. Okay. I was playing the pious machine back in there. I'm just telling you. I want to have a discussion because this this you know, I may say you I don't care, but there's certain things that you can't not care about. When people are spinning their heart and money and some jackass back there, he's just thinks that if I put in a bunch of words on a piece of paper, that that's getting a job done. Raining somebody off the street. Okay. And putting them at a desk doesn't make them a salesperson. Okay. Chris. I hate to break the news to you people. That's not the business that that's not the life we have chosen. Maybe it's the life that you have chosen. What I want you to do is a tour clock. I want you to call Greyhound. And I want you to find out how much it is very one way of person to me. For a one way trip to Rally North Carolina from from Miami. Okay. I'll pay for the ticket. Okay. Put it on my credit card. Does it have to be bus? Pack up two salami sandwiches which Swiss make sure it's safe. 253 votes on the pool. The politician I trust the most none of them. All croats 429 over a third over a third. I got the wisdom to say that in the courage. The Kohonsman. The big balls. The big sweaty balls to say it. Bill Clinton who's 79. He's still peered. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll tell the truth. I'll go 128. Russ flying gold one 12. Barack Obama. Graham got 78. They would listen little Bobby. Barack Obama. You marked my worst man. He's the dark horse. That's not a play on his skin color. He's dark. He's the man. Can you even imagine Barack Obama with Howard Dean is running Made? How do you like that? That would work. That sounds like you're great ticket. I'll get the other way around personally. Barack Obama. What? How about Barack Obama? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. If you think that I was Inkig speaking an older önce but if you finish it I'm really beard with you. Do you think that the conversation would ease your problem? I'll ask if I'm doing good. Alright, you better understand him in the future respect, when you're still upstairs. Yes, that's right. This is awesome, ah. When you think you're a mountain student, USB I have already heard about that. What's being said, you know. It's just things that are going to be definite. Let's just talk to BMW. Still they're shooting off. aware if there's a problem in my machine it's still going to generate the same big dark black ugly line right down the middle so I can't read it in thing okay okay and here's here's your testies and it's got a big black line down the middle okay yeah from your machine all right something to do with you don't even know my she's got you even new car for dinner maybe needs a new I don't know I don't remember what that thing looks like nor do I want to know what it looks like beige kind of an almond think it looks like some of the stuff on the Chinese restaurant menu no not like that that's tripled oh there he is again he's a formula tomorrow they did not try I tried so I tried and failed there he is he just I love it it's about time somebody got mad you know like Howard the old said I don't know what to say what to do but first you got to get mad right and nobody said Josh and then we'll be a lot twenty-seven first you got to get mad that's what you got to do and then you got to go to the window open it up in yellow and there's no such a thing for you come out from sixty two votes none of them they're all crooks can I get back to the poll I just would like to read it once four hundred thirty five they'll put into seven nine areas he's forming at the mouth he's got purple rage a quite a misfudge I'm sure misfog just seen a few things that are he's seen the color purple um-hmm Algor 130 rest-fangled hundred and twelve Bobby Graham seventy eight for echo Bama forty five George W. Bush thirty five two point seven percent of the audience the politician they trust most his George W. Bush Collins Coliseal and see what you get a group of bottoming for those two points seven percent John McCain twenty eight lawfuler sell out I hate this poll twenty six and he's against the torture unless you know he unless it's politically a speeding John the way for the cello and Elliot Spencer the attorney general in New York who's going to be on New York's next governor by the way and we'll be the next president twenty six and you're saying who the hell ever heard Elliot Spencer how can you be president whoever heard a Jimmy Carter whoever heard a belt Clinton see what I'm saying right really Julie and he twenty one no chance they're going to take Bernie Kerrick and wrap him around his neck like a new ten Kennedy seventeen John Kerry twelve where he doesn't do well any of these polls that you know considering the fact that he won the election Nancy Pelosi nine nobody days come to a country and speak about our president like that oh god Mealy mouth bitch Hillary Clinton seven just plain bitch Ireland specifies got a pair he's got two bullets to both on the stretcher their apartment hospital and bill's fist is got one yeah he's really honest and trustworthy there's to get a sold a stock they didn't know he had just before one the tank you know he didn't know he had it but you know enough about it to make sure we unloaded bill fist as one out of twelve hundred sixty six quotes we're gonna do like fourteen hundred I think today maybe close to it on a Monday on the first day of a Ramadan and right after and right between Russia Shona and you him kipper and I got news for you have to see those numbers here at QAM every day is you him kipper 50 things four-year five six-year-old okay but There's a bad thing for me. No strippers are mine. That's a looser. I do self-improvement when they seduce me, you'll just a good eye too. To go new. There's a fresh sunlight, finding another half-wise eye too. To go new. To go new. To go new. I'll wait and see if I can see you. If I can see you, they may cross. Yes, I can see you. Guess you've got an appointment with my suit with you wounds. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good day. It was a good night. It was a good day. It was a good day. Beautiful. It was a high day. The sun is shining. Coming off. Take the money off. Go to bed. Naona and my baby you're president in Z還ting House. This years old. A machine in Z還ting 73. It wassamada for me. The claimed line. Are you in grateful for the fact she wore gray pants. I think she'd wear gray shoes. Not better today. I'm going to fix your ass, men. I'll send you 600 stories. I'm going to send you stories from the weekly reader from readers digest from better homes in gardens from men's life That'll teach you men's life. You know what kind of people are we that magazine? Why not all the Democrats do a bill Clinton did right. Sank you girl He's co-host of the young Turks the first level radio show to your nation. Why again a serious satellite radio is first original program And is now nationally syndicated available on iTunes. Oh, it's big enough. I choose what happened to all our stuff on our Did we find out about that on my space? What about what how come everything disappeared on our my space page? Oh, what did we let me check it? It's gonna still be the same. It's like a clean and pristine like all it you They were probably doing some maintenance that happens a lot. Oh, my space. Yeah. Well, screw on your mama Your mama's so socks in hell you idiots you lunatics and in this to which yesterday we had 619 friends now we got 618 we lost one maybe somebody died Maybe chicken they throw back it is yeah Oh, oh, yeah Anyway, this is short the sweet right at the point of what we were both to say in a moment ago Is there anyone who watched the bill Clinton if you on Fox News channel who didn't cheer is there anyone who thought wow that seems like a bad idea I wouldn't want to do that no everyone loved it So if everyone loved it, why don't all of the Democrats aggressively challenge the right way? Me do like this amen So about freaking time what do they afraid of? There's no excuse for not taking these guys on we have the facts on our side We should be crushing them like this on a daily basis and sir you happen to be We correct sir. Thank the reason everyone is having such a positive reaction how bill Clinton took on Fox News channel during the interview is because we're Star for it all the current politicians do his soft pedaling capitulate kick their ass for the love of God We love it our politicians supposed to do things that appeal to people I know one other Clinton. I might be able to learn a thing or two from this Clinton Nobody's led the way again. Please pick up on his cue in fact as Marcellus Wallace would say in pulp fiction Take up a lead type and blow torsional. Let's go to work on these guys. I love it if you didn't see the kind of interview And it's got some such a we've seen it anybody wasn't seen it's been Been busy watching football Watching Michigan State blow a 400 point lead against Notre Dame for at least my boy Brady Quinn came through See I can't we say that right even though I don't believe that How can you keep turning I mean and they're just there are just some teams that have a curse you know Michigan State always blows big leads to Notre Dame the and of course they what happens is they get on the bad fall with a Pope And he says a couple of Brussels like that and then they put the curse they put the Vatican curse on there Even though the game was right there when he's lancing same thing with a Patriots in the Broncos man Jake plumbers got their number He's probably got naked pictures of Tom Brady and I'd like to see him Comment or eighty eight votes on the poll. Well I've right up around 13 ever by the top layer We can do 14 today when that be nice to start out the week with 14 number that be something and by the way We can sure use a lot more poll ideas so got some good ones here still from Sean on that last Thank you very much Sean God bless you, but they're easy you're right about that That's the only tough thing it is plus following another sports show that's not easy You know well I'd say in that August month wow did you see what we had in the morning in August? At least yeah, according to that we won some holy moly a one eight I believe men Wait, we could do that listen We could play that From six to ten more and we better not leave Maybe be the song this this intro Yeah, that's right just put on in the swoop and just play the I mean instrumental Lionel So he's been rained out Why would you think I didn't like blind me? I've played that before I don't know cuz I'm not that well I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about Josh He was in a vacuum he was shocked well because I know your music taste is Oh yeah, yeah, so It's not new I know you But he it's my yeah, I don't worry But if you didn't want to sit here and scare play in hip-hop crap Hey that rules man you're crazy. I'm not playing that garbage. I don't disagree with you. Well good good Thank God for that. I always knew somewhere there was like a way of hope Can I please we decided on my very Gary fans in your pants? I'm gonna be scared of David Vance You know Dave fans used to grab it buffalo race way and Betabi down No, that would be a real hootsom days to like rent a car and drive down the buffalo and drive down the hamburger to buffalo race way When it peace something I wonder how stuff is doing the destroying that account there a pumping of park I wonder if they're still open What if my buddy wally hinnices still having a great year nice going hey wally what a percentage he's got hangovers I'm sure you've been watching that Shree's not getting parked the whole mile like Brad Pramer out there come on Brad hit him again beat him with him See don't start with that harness racing for me Man you just blow the whole audience away when you do that. That's bad. It's really bad Next you're gonna be talking about how this and Billy Rieger on here and then the audience is really gonna get upset Gary fans say should any Christian support the current version of the GOP this might seem like a non-question Considering how many of come to things GOP stands for God's own party The evidence refuted in this notion has become overwhelming the times come for Christians of every step For reconsider who may endorse and vote for many of them are credit candidates have become more open about the religious faith through mislection cycle And an attempt to appeal to the Christian values You're been voting block quit it's on the right ridiculous evidence being nothing more than shadow in since the religious grandstanding These skeptics are obviously fearful even a minor Exodus in the ranks of the once-loil army of conservative Christian voters will cost them dearly They should be afraid very afraid The GOP record has become so broadly defiled that every genuine Christian should readily disabile support for the Republican agenda Is the Democratic agenda any more compelling to voters with Christian values in the Republican one the answer is yes It's quite of the fact that many Christians do most of the classes being on the wrong side of issues like a Boston game marriage Those same Christian need to wake up and realize our Republican Congress and President haven't passed me We've been for a significant legislation on those well-able issues the Democratic positions on poverty health care human rights the environment Men and women wage torture and equality for all citizens are much more compatible Which genuine Christianity than what the GOP offers The GOP has been perpetually deceiving Christian voters with empty talk and promises Meanwhile they go about their dirty business of encouraging the rape of our environment Waging anonymous at necessary war under false pretence illegally spying on American citizens while immorally detaining and torturing prisoners and secret Gulag's they do all this while cutting taxes for the wealthy denying a living wage to the working poor creating unprecedented national debt and sizing funding for vital programs Assisting the poor sick and elderly This is the harvest route from six years of our Republican controlled federal government Jesus said we would recognize this followers by their fruit Democrats can and will do better when he say Jesus was a fruit Jesus Christ There's nothing Christian about this current perverted version of Republicanism Geopian systems and flying the Christian flag over green and evil of this magnitude only shows them to be cynical hypocrites at best and blatantly Anticrist and worse Elante Cresco baby all my god George W. is the antichrist How do you like that is that like LD Ablo? LD Ablo that's that who you all? Your well-baby. He says they want to keep him yep. There he go. I'll guess this is he would like to meet him now Who don't Tomsky that's it no Not no chance Oh yeah, I did the google again on at the Mohour David thing under wikipedia Yeah, now maybe automatically my goes to like wikipedia.ca or some I don't know or today rate I did see that it's cute Yeah, it was very cute although mine still has got those cost to come in to about you and the fact that although you did a Helbert July man August they got those Harvey and I actually The whole space was weighed on notice if you can't when a whole thing goes down like that means we just didn't get any diaries They got some wide diaries across the street you know what I mean? Well, they didn't get blame for it. No, there was like once every year when a half they get a month You know what I mean sweetenweight another year and a half and by then they'll be well I'd say it Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is now under new ownership and new management at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano It doesn't matter what time and month you purchase a vehicle whether it's the brand new 2007 E-Class they're full on a convertibles or they're large selection of certified pre-owned cars When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano you've got over 200 employees Advocated in providing a comparable service a complementary load of vehicles and complementary car washes Browseau indirects go with over 150 new and used vehicles or click on bends Pompano dot com that's V-E-N-Z Pompano dot com Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is open every day Monday through Friday's 9 to 8 Saturday's 9 to 6 and every Sunday noon to 5 Experience the difference call 1 800 new Benz located at i-95 and copains road that's 1 800 new Benz Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Everybody's really sick of talking to the crowd Mercedes-Benz is a party for Gishy-Cy Let's take a no time rock and roll and it's me, ladies The mission and possible cop animals Everybody's really sick of talking through the food Who is being sorry? That's it, baby, baby That's it, baby, everybody's really sick of talking through the food Don't stare me if you've been the Scientology I told you, I'm in the night, while dogs is moving Jumping up and down on open sounds like a fool And what he said, I bought for his not very cool It's not as bad as what no but she said, I'm not used But everybody's really sick of talking through the food Who is being sorry? That's it, baby, you can't That's it, baby But everybody's really sick of this food Hey, man, hey Tommy, you're fairly One or two or five six feet, you only got the man dog coming along and I'm sure they're gonna be cruelling the dolphins One again, I'm right, against the old girls team But nevertheless, we can bet on it Retired military officers today are gonna blow the accused of fence or contrary to Donald Rumsfeld abungum the war in Iraq And so US troops were sent to fight without the best equipment and that critical facts were hidden from the public How do you like that? Absolutely correct Or in other words, absolutely I believe that Secretary Rumsfeld others in the administration did not tell the American people the truth for fear of losing the support for the war in Iraq Retired Major General John RS Vatiste will say that they based on remarks prepared for a Forum conducted by Senate Democrats a second military leader retired major general Paul Eaton will assess from scholars in Competence strategically operationally and tactically although other natties great Mr. Rumsfeld and his media team must be replaced or we'll see two more years of extraordinarily Bad decision making not just bad decision making but extraordinarily bad decision making Estimate prepared for the policy forum said the section is being held six weeks before the November 7th midterm elections in which the war is essential issue I'd like that that's extraordinary Where did Georgia go? Is he doing an hasten do you know he's he's busy on the phone right now fixing the facts machine I'm getting what I mean by a facts repair thing. I'm almost done. Oh, okay. Take your time Because that's a bad my sheen mom is nothing worse than getting stuck in a bad mind Doing surgery on it. Yeah, yeah, give it a good blow man. Queue. That's it speaking a blow Jerry Falwell blow hard big fat-faced turd Nothing will motivate conservative evangelical Christians to vote Republican in the 2008 presidential election More than a democratic nominee named Hillary Clinton not even a run by the devil himself so we say Is fat-faced jury that was the sentiment expressed by the Reverend jury of Falwell long time evangelical icon in other words Crazy person and father of the once-parfellan moral majority during private marks Friday and church fashion's Activist as part of the values voter summit hosted over the weekend by the country's leading Christian conservatives in other words A.K. A far-bissel of glam A recording of foul-well's comments was obtained by the LA times. I certainly hopefully hope that Hillary's the candidate Falwell said according to recording she has 200 million so far But I hope she's the candidate because nothing will energize my constituency like Hillary Clinton He says cheers and laughter filled the room as foul-well continues if Lucifer ran he wouldn't Whatever that means I guess no words he wouldn't energize as much as Hillary got it got it Falwell's voices end round out by hoots of approval but two people in attendance including a foul-well Staff ever confirmed that Falwell said that even Lucifer the fallen angel synonymous with Satan and Christian theology would not mobilize His followers as much as any or senator and former first by another or even LD Abelow wow Wouldn't motivate them as much as swirly I'm sort of the hate that bitch One critic who has been observing the conference said Saturday that Falwell's words offered a rare glimpse in how religious Concertive leaders are planning to inflame opposition to the Democrats with below the radar messages He was calling Hillary Clinton a demonic figure and openly arguing that God is Republican said the Reverend Barry Lynn Director of the advocacy group Americans the United States It's hard to know whether people thought he was joking or serious but once you start using religious imagery and Involving a politician this way. It's not funny said Barry And they default also said Saturday the Lucifer reference was an off-the-cuff comment and that Falwell had no Intensions of demonizing her and the past he's described Islam's prophet Muhammad as a terrorist and said abortionist feminist gays Lessbians were to blame for not loving attacks in other words. He's a Crazy person as if we didn't know that Falwell's remarks about Clinton were part of a 40-minute address at a private breakfast and included theervances that God would preserve A Republican majority in Congress and then moderates such as former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani cannot be allowed to win the GOP presidential nomination No, we have to have right wing fanatics Just like what we got now like Bill Fist people of that. Oh my god Who's this pasty face brought who looks like she's got a mustache? R1 was actually captured in Indonesia in 2002 was being she's got a pretty with a little bit of makeup, but she's got a mustache Last year British forces are now saying that they killed him in a raid in the southern city of Washington British forces kill a suspected terrorist what be theirs one of the holy month of Ramadan it is normally a Time of peace for Muslims across the world, but here we are Ramadan weekend has only brought more violence and actually very little hope amongst Iraqis that there would be I guess somebody forgot to give her the memo you know the normal talk about no it's just unlike previous years when maybe Ramadan was a time of peace Now it's a time to kill some people right I like that a rat Was it very attractive whoever that broad was but she had a mustache Maybe she was not will be trans America was something about I think Josh might actually like it I don't know You have a pretty good track record of recommending movies to me. No, I think you might like it. It's cute It's funny. It's got some very funny stuff in it Anybody anybody has Securing their masculinity as you are isn't gonna be worried about our so-called trans America who cares? You know you know like his funny it's got a seven-thous point seven baby how many movies are I? MDB you got a 7.7 That's a high number man. It's got a high number. I give it a nine Frank writes this stuff happens again in Baghdad It's not just about torture even if there'd never been an obu and I have to never been obu got a great Montana more in American presence a terminer rewrite the Geneva conventions America was still be losing the war for hearts and minds in the air world Right Frank our first major defeat in the war happened at the dawn of the Iraq occupation before the Taney of you centered our language the stuff happens moment at the National Museum in Baghdad Three and a half years later have we learned anything you have to wonder as the looting of the museum was the first clear warning of disaster Soon to come so the stuff that's happening at the museum today is a grim indicator where we're hidden Iraq America is empowering the various limeric radicals this will were supposed to smite But even now we seem to be avoiding our eyes from reality on the ground and Baghdad Our blindness back in April 2003 seems ludicrous and retrospect as the looting slared in oblivious president Boystoldy wacky people in a televised address that they were the era of a great civilization that contributes to all humanity Our actions are more accurately our inaction as the artifacts of that great civilization were guarded away spoke louder than those pretty words as spread equal the Reagan administration Pentagon policy chief for sit and Thomas rich The escrow America lost most of its prestige and respect in that episode That disaster might have been mitigated if our leaders hadn't dismissed the whole episode as a triviality But down the runs for a lesson to chaos to be aftermath of a soccer game and joke that television was exaggerating the story About recycling video of a single looter with a vase for a race as in interface General Richard Myers defended our faded win of in a manner of priorities We had protected the realm and just ministry after all the 10-in general William Wallace Countering a wildly inflated early claim by a former museum employee that a hundred and 70,000 artifacts have been destroyed Put the number of objects still on a counter for as few as a 17 the actual number turned out was close to the 14,000 The worst many cheerleaders in the press fell in the line and keeping with the mood of the time administration forces like Charles Coutham or Andrew Sullivan dead mr. Umstold's critics as fatuous Feat's exploiting a passing incident to denigrate the liberation of Iraq and a column in salon title If you see it the week that it would be me Mr. Sullivan asked for it perfectly who was right about the alleged ran second museum mr. Remstolder as critics Rummy of course. He said he almost always is of course Zeroed rummese what me worry take on the museum was the tip of how I'd be running about everything that would follow And we acted with exactly the same decision in difference to the insurgency happening on a result knows and to Avugar right there would be a hasty corrective to the looting at least a heroic marine reserve kernel Matthew Bogdano's commanding the team that ultimately tracked down a bit more than a third of the vanished objects It was too late to rescue tens of thousands of additional treasures interaction national library national archives both alluded and torched But Mr. Roosevelt stuff happens proved indelible because it's so reasonably said fourth and enduring theme of the occupation that the Americans in charge of Iraq were contemptuous of the local populist whom There was so grandly equating democracy another fruits of civilization The capital American reaction to the museum looting was mimicked in the twenty-two billion dollar rich instruction effort and Orgy of corruption and waste that still hasn't brought Iraqis reliable electricity in a new account of these subidination builders in the green zone Imperial life in the emerald city and the office name is a gut aid and relivers in it from the Washington Post details how L. Paul Bremer and his underlings Enlisted cronies and apparatus rather than those of my actually know anything about the country's people or their needs That's what we settled Iraq with Bernie Kerrick GOP fund raises and politically connected young ideologues So is no more qualified applicants in new era, but they saw Iraq is a guinea pig for irrelevant and doomed experiments Including an anti-smoking campaign and an elaborate American style stock exchange The book while on fiction is his chilling and indemited America's tragic cultural myopia as Graham Greens pressure 1955 novel of the American debacle in a no China The quiet American our diplomacy efforts were equally toned after Iraqis near neighbors nearly going the state department Herdee medicine Avenue was who made sunny TV testimonials about America's love of Muslims These ads won no hearts or minds, but wasted tons of money and even more valuable time now This job belongs to Karen Hughes the presidential flag who's patronizing photo up toward the region last year and mostly ridicule Our broadcasting outreach there is supervised by a long-time Carl Roe pal Kenneth Tomlinson who last month was found by state department investigators to be using his office literally to run horse racing operation Hahahahahaha Wonder Mr. Tomlinson's thoroughbreds his name Karzai and supposed it on over the Afghan president. I think I better stop at that voice too long I'll finish it after the break, but first yeah, I said another test that it come through. No nothing happened Okay, how long would you do this? How long like five minutes ago five minutes ago? When you want to hear what it says on my fast machine nothing there's no facts on it. They're right now nothing on it. Let me take a look at it No, it says the Shalathan sleeping kind like our management 1336 votes on the poll in need 64 and 47 minutes to get to 1400 during the show today on a Monday on the first day of Ramadan I'm the like right after Rushshana when everybody's getting ready to do a blow the chauffeur I think it's pretty damn impressive go to you Yes, it is and bubble by the way still like Foming it to mouth. Hey, love it. So in that clip who did fox's video on this show Yes, he did you did you did your life's little conservative hit job on me. Oh, what I want to know That's a legitimate question it was a perfectly legitimate question, but I want to know how many people in the bush in the destroy US is question you are here you go and of course you ever watch positive and of course I'm sure you would say I don't think so my sister got that kind of like silver dowels 8h They were, their buffered nigh running it buffer and they do twice time at 1750 the first time it. Two or of the first. First of all, yeah, he's going to tell us anything that might even resemble the truth. So you send me three coffees of this test and the good news is each and every one of them are just absolutely as clean as a whistle. Obviously, I wasn't planning on sending you three coffees. It just fell. Well, but what's the reason that all of a sudden it cleared up so nicely? Well, I want to thank you. It couldn't possibly be that I was right and that the problem was uned in, you're bad my sheen mind. Could that be it? It's possible that you were right and my machine was dirty and Mark from J. Marlaiser industry's called up and said that I needed to clean my strip. So he told me where to find it and you know, clean up your act as clean as a whistle now. Thanks Mark. Thanks Mark. God bless Mark, man. Thank goodness we got somebody out there and those as asked for my elbow. You are so freaking stubborn. My God. Clean your strip. Clean it. It's good. Not that long queue and clean that baby out. And I don't know why it wasn't vaccine. But when I plugged it back in, that's when it sent everything that was in the buffer. Well, it was it was wrestling, man. Everybody needs a good rest like me. I'm going to take a few months off. But the kind of played my life with these bastards. No seriously, that thing. I want that sales manager in the tomorrow morning. I'm telling you right now, good this business of playing hide and seek like his predecessor. That's not going to cut it with me. Can I get back to Frank Richardson's along column, but at least you know, it's worth it's worth the, I know they're not paying attention to anyone. All they want is you hear the sound of my voice. There you go. See how the sound is. No, as long as they know they hear my voice and they know they're still alive. That's the soft load of test. How do you know you're still alive? You hear, uh, hell, God. And radio. Our broadcasting outreach there. He's talking about a rack of course and supervised by a long time Carl Rowe felt Kenneth Tomlinson, who last month was found by State Department investigators to be using his office literally to run a horse racing operation. One of Mr. Tomlinson's thoroughbreds his named Karzai and supposed it under the Afghan prison. If that's his idea of lifting America's image in the Muslim world, he might as well be on Al Jazeera's payroll. On Wednesday, ABC News reported the bottom line of such PR misfires. A confidential Pentagon survey found that 75% of Iraq's SUNY Muslim support the insurgency up from just 14% three years ago. Speaking before the U.S. We didn't want, well, maybe they're run up to our new war. Mr. Bush was still on his battle for civilization kick, flattering our rainings as much as he had the Iraqis. We admire your registry, your vibrant culture, and you made a contribution to civilization he said. All our rainings have to do is look at the Baghdad Museum today to see that such words are worth no more now than they were in 2003. It's symbolic of the anarchy throughout Iraq's capital at the Museum's entrances are now sealed with concrete to keep out new hordes of killers and thieves. But the violence would seem to spiral with each declaration of new security crackdown as old news. More revealing is the other half of the museum's current flight, if not in hand to correct version of the Taliban. That's said, development is another symbol, standing for our defeat in the larger war of ideas. The museum changed hands and august when Donny George is longtime administrator and the chairman of Iraq's official antique sport fled the country, fearing for his life and for the first reason is care, both at the Museum and the country's main archeological sights. Mr. George was a Christian and a good reason to fear. The new government minister placed in charge of the museum, a dentist, is an echo-light of the radical Xi'ai clerk, Nuktana Al-Sadr, who is goal is to make Iraq a fundamentalist deocracy. The mystery of Saddu in his followers, the museum's legendary, his lamenting, takes, parking back to the ancient civilization's immaculate patemia, are infidel idols to be sent. You might think, given Mr. Sadr's radicalism that he's a fugitive terrorist on the lamb as say, abumous avals or cowy was, after all, Mr. Sadr's militia, they must be armies of thought of death squads, at the heart of the sectarian warfare. He's in the enthusiastic ally of Hezbollah, besides. But he is instead a major player in the democracy we've installed in Iraq, controlling at least 30 of the 275 seats. Stop, turn man! In the parliament and system and ministries, including the power centers of transportation and health. Back in 2004, the, and maybe he's came with off-made chalobide, too. He's probably good buddy with him, bunk-bud buddy. In 2004, the Americans made plans to take down Mr. Sadr, but as Larry Diamond, a scene advised that the coalition authority in Baghdad writes in his book, squandered victory. Those plans were shelved for various reasons, including political calculations and washing them. American forces arrested some Sadr aged last week, but such period of scrimmishes not with standing is influenced continues to grow. He has a crucial ally of the Prime Minister, Nuri Al Maliki, who would not be off his without his support. In the past few days, both Tony Snow and Condy Rice had reaffirming that the administration has what the Secretary stayed called enormous confidence in Mr. Maliki, despite washing in chair of the contrary. How did she rely on you to understand? Through those teeth. One of the first Westerners to one strongly in the danger of someone like Mr. Sadr was Gertrude Bell, the legendary archaeologist, the store author and British political officer, who master-minded the unlikely covering together the modern rakey state after WW1. She wore that as she at the accuracy in the new country would be in a very devil. This had happened, it was also Gertrude Bell equated the Iraqi National Museum in 1923. The fortunes of her museum once considered the finest in the Middle East had been synonymous with a fate of a rake ever since. That's because, like any such national institute, it's not merely some building the houses art, but a repository of a country's heart and soul that America has stood helplessly by as Mr. Sadr folds the museum into his orbit of power as his ominous and predicated of what lies ahead in this war as was our Calist reactionary looting of 2003. For all of America's talk of stamping out a murderous ideology and promoting civilization in democracy and a rake, we're now handling the very devil-handling, the very devil-vackeys. Elviablo, here the keys we'd art, drive safely. How do you like that? I'm Tana El Sada, my ass. That's a double stuff going around. Yeah, a lot of devils, baby, the devil may be doing it. The devils in the details. Elviablo. 1361 votes. We're going to make it to 14. You know, you can try to live on at one month again. This is a year and a half after that bogus April, they got in 2005, across the street. Like I said, who don't know how we'd talk, you know? Talking day parts with ones and twos. What kind of numbers they even were as well as doing that one and a two or not. Yeah, that's what he's doing. And his grave, he's rolling over, thinking of ones and a twos and a even like, oh, and that's cross the street. What's that? All right, 12, baby. Get out of here. All right, our small team, huh? This was a bit. Is something that poor people appear as? How cut up. That's a little sad, how cut up. Yeah, nice and sad. My last riddle in poor people appear. I know that song is, I'm, yeah, I'm pretty new being. How cut up, which is now known as? No, what is bombay now? Bombay. Bombay. Bombay. Bombay. Bombay, jumbo, jumbo? Yeah. Those good with gumbo. That's what you know. We got the game in there. All right, thank God. They got the superdermal set for the new all in scenes in the NFL. People in the hospitals, high schools, grade schools, people living in their rack and he houses. Those people are still off-sourced. But man, we got the superdermary. The biggest name is the time you know I'm getting. The real rocker for Shwitio 560. Oh, oh. For nothing. I have a dream. A dream that one day there shall be a failing reality show called survival. And to save the show, they shall take little white children and little black children. And little Asian children and little Hispanic children. And say, grugate down from one another, I have a dream. I have a dream that these children will one day live on an island where they will not be judged by the color of their skin. And the children will bother the ability to eat a dome beetle with a vomiting or a hammer dream. And when this happens, black senquites, Hispanics and Asians will go and hands and sing in the words of Jeff Post. The club has spoken, the club has spoken. One 2-2-3 media. Again the coach of the Five-Sтора did theloghip of the two club club to get the power. prettil for the five tigers this every hit with 4-5. Yeah there is a fish smash on the one you were saying to mom's cool knuck. Your tibuck and Jo really doesn't. Oh, לא tไ tö prnuber bletime s one. and he said, T-buck as in rhyme with suck. And then what you said, I said he wasn't a pronunciating very well. Oh. So in other words, let's get some semi-literate in our ticket with ex-sadolfins on here. And this always worked very well. Look how well it worked for the juice across the street. He's still on here? Oh, he bailed. Panarchy rumors of a coup swept through Pakistan yesterday after a power outage interrupted national television broadcast and later plunged much of the country into darkness. Oh, my God. Wow. Reach out of the darkness. Reach out of the darkness. I can't believe I can't. Don't tell brotherhood. No, get out of your brotherhood. My ass. Reach out of the darkness. Give me a clue. You got it? That's not the name of the song. Okay, how it's not. Oh, look at it. I've booked out. You both are you. Oh, friend and lover. Never know what I thought of that in many years. I was mentally of their smash. They were one at one. There it is. I watched the call. We talked to the dark. Now what's it called? We talked to the darkness. Hehehehe. Nice laugh. Nice laugh. We did it. We did it. The president of general covert was sheriff away. I'm the senator for the US and Canada, A at a time of original sentence and growing insurgency and neighboring Afghanistan. Many Pakistanis speculated even over throw to the have sense you have. But the Chairman of the National Park Administration to recomm it said in the Tempia news conference in Lahore that the outage was caused by technical problems and no sabotage had been involved. Thanks God. Information ministry officials accompanying were sheriff on his visit on Sunday night that the president was in good health. Because he he listened to their offer. They made him an offer he couldn't refuse. They said he'd be part of the coalition of the willing or other going to bond them back in the Stone Age. Chris they wouldn't have for the go. The head is. Islamabad the capital is quietly in the night and there were no signs of military vehicles or troops in the streets. Also in the reports of unusual military movements in Raul Pindy, a city in New Islamabad with the armed forces are encoded. But for hours with power flickering on and off in Islamabad and have to country still without electricity by a lady. Maybe they thought I got moved to Iraq. Rumors continues to roll a possible coup against Mushirah, the army general who sees power from Pakistan is less to less to leader in 1999. As part of that good democratic aircraft that we're trying to build up in that part of the world, you know? Our generals who sees power and and coups, things like that. Kings like in Saudi Arabia and in Jordan. Good old Middle East and democracy. Like in Israel where they blow up less be an on into little pieces and butcher a whole bunch of people. Especially all those cluster bomblets that are all over the country. Now like in the olive trees, so thick and it'll teach them to attempt. Yeah, they're like slim-pickens. Speaking of that bit we just played three former Collins football team mates, the senator George Allen of Virginia say that the Virginia Republican repeatedly used an inflammatory racial epithet and demonstrated racist attitude toward blacks during the early 1970s. Surprise, surprise. Allen said he came to Virginia because he wanted to play football in a place where he knew blacks knew their place. So Dr. Ken Shelton, they white radiologists in North Carolina who played tight end for the University of Virginia football team when Allen was quarterback. He said he used the inward on a regular basis back then. He wanted to play football in a place where blacks knew their place. A second-by-tingators spoke on the condition of anonymity because he feared recognition from the Allen campaign. Separately claimed that Allen used the inward to describe blacks. It was so common with George when he was among his wife friends. This is the terminology he used. As in the jig is up. Oh, that's not good either. Rimes with. You could have been contacted separately. Also spoke on Kinesi Man and the Committee on Fear by being attacked by the Virginia senator said he too remember is Allen using the end. We're always said he couldn't recall specific conversation which used it. My impression of him was that he was a racist the third team. He said no. Makaka. Kaka also told Solana that the teacher said it to give him. You know all these like Jesse Helms and all these other settings, Strom and Thurman. Why is this such a surprise to anybody? I guess these people have never been south of Binghampton, right? It's not a surprise and everyone's pretending like they don't know. They don't know. They just have arrived with them. They're from the South here. You're using the inward and you're a bigot and a racist and a narrow mind and hateful piece of turd. Shelton also told Solana that the teacher said it to give him nickname Wizard because he shared the last name with Robert Schoven who served in the 60s as the imperial wizard of the Fufuqx plan. The radiologist said he decided earlier this year he'd go public with his concerns about Alna for report or ever called about four months ago when he heard that Alna was a possible candidate for president in 2008. Shelton began to write down some of the negative memories of his former teammate. He provided Solana excerpts of those notes last week. Yesterday morning, Solana spoke with David Snep, a spokesman for Alun Senate office. Solana's response to the recollections of the former teammates. Email and phone message were also left for Bill Bozen, a spokesman for the Alun campaign and deck of the waters they campaign manager. Needless to say, as a matter of fact, Chris Levite can sell to the Alun campaign, hung up when a salon reported reached him. He came back after who he is today. Additional tends to conduct the campaign worked on successful. Let me say it again. On successful. The rape-related news of Alun, a once formidable presidential contender for two thousand data becoming an issue in his hired contested relation campaign against the of web former marine and author of the U.S. The first time in the world, he was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. He was a very young and very young and very young and very young. Each age, a human age, requires new intelligence, to perform and toне and to do action, must not only do your role as young and very young, but also give good choreography for them making it clear. So I could bear to hear this first part of it, because he was also my original leader and I could not do what he would do. He said that he's been tired. Perfection. Every young and very young people, I can communicate. I control the institution and I do hear that I may enjoy that. out. My name is Daphne. Can leave us out. Have all your religious wars. Can each other have a good time. Do what it leave a little something on their plate through the rest of us. And leave us out. There we is Gary Lewis. He's Jewish and the playboys. Now when he came back from B.M. and that was he traumatized. There was a family because he found out that Jerry was his daddy. So he came back from Vietnam and he was in the speed for like months and that is not a world. Yeah, Shalsaka. He was that. He found out that the Jerry was still alive. Ladies. You know, you'd be a Shalsaka too. Especially when his head blew up. Oh, speaking of that, I don't have time for that right now. I'm going to do the break. That's the some things. I don't want to get back to that inquiries stuff. I wasn't very impressive this week. You know, except for that part, I'm in judge group. We all been out of shape about what's in name. I love. Huh? Next new squeeze. This is Nessa Manillo. Madia Manillo. Okay. Don't have to get angry about it now. Man, I haven't heard him so animated about anything. If she must be a fairly illucor. Mama. He's all in a hurry. Okay. Well, there's two pictures of her now. I re-enemy her shoes. Now the one she looks pretty good. But the other two, she looks nasty. Maybe she looks like J. L. O. On doggy downers. Is something she don't look like her. He means while I was starting to look really. Oh boy, the one a porphy side. Of course after all that time, it's Jessica that would drive this to about anybody crazy. Maybe he had too much of that chicken of the seed chicken. You think that's it? No comment. 13. I'm sure you did because you got the inquiries. Thanks to many. She looked pretty sultery. Yeah. When you read she's all right. Yeah. She's our hug. She is. Right. 13. 89 on the poor. We're going to get 1400. Easy man. Just like sliding into first base. We're going to get a break of hope. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. I'm on a job. 146. Our next photo be our 14th. The next photo be 1400. If we could track you down, we give you a $1.00. We don't know where you are. That's good. That we don't. Because we'd have to give them a $1 or two. And Chris Jones is going to give you the money. I'll be a revenue that we're going to bring in the next year. Everybody told me about that. Hank. I hank the railroad. And about how thorough he was. He's going to do this. And he's going to be put. He's full of cramp. Both of them. I know something. I might. I have seen on a square of Sherman. I've seen bitter copy. Then nothing that he affects to a twice. Still 1399. Are we stuck on that or what? I would be bad. We fresh it or whatever. I'm refreshing. I'm refreshing. I'm spraying it. I'm squeezing it. Third, we got right to that point. Other than 1400. Oh, thank God. I just googled Macaca. Yeah. Macaca. When you listen to me, Macaca, physical artists. Excuse me. The long tail of Macaca. Long tailed or crab-aiding Macaca's are found in southeast Asia from vermouth of the Philippines and southward to winter, China, Malaysian, Indonesia. They're also found as far east as the Timor Islands. They're ecologically diverse. They're like little strange enemy. They're like little monkeys. Some of the habitats in which they've been found are primary forest. They're stirbed and secondary forest and river reen and the coastal forest of nippa. I have no idea what there's of mangroves. Long tailed Macaca is the most successfully indistirb habitat and on the periphery of forests. In Thailand, long tailed Macaca is a current ever being forest bamboo forest and deciduous forest. Oh, God. I haven't seen that words in high school deciduous. Not exciting. It's true. I have no idea what it means, but I see the word. Deciduous. Now I know why they taught us that word because there's some they may be reading some boring crap on a year and it'll be deciduous. The body for a long tailed Macaca tends to be gray brown to reddish brown. The nose is flat and the nostrils are narrow. I don't want to give them too much. Still much of that. Wow, that's not good. More that George Allen crab. Amature modest and almost scandal-free George Michael for the stage in his first solo concert in 15 years are too excited. But the pop star couldn't resist making another controversial dig at George Bush. At the end of the first set, Michael sang his 2002 kind of pressure anti-bush song, shoot the dog during the number at enormous balloon depicting a cartoonist George Bush rose out of the center stage drawing hoops in the else from the crowd. But the real surprise came when Michael leaned down to ones that the balloon's trousers and not popped a British bulldog drape with the UK flag. The dog was stuck to the balloons and faded crotch wagging its tail. Think there might be a message in there? Maybe. There. Let's see. Here's a fact that I can actually read it. Now the face of Michael or whatever they got. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark in the dark. Hit one out of the park for us. The spudger nasty. Hostility. It's not your way. And it couldn't possibly be on this. There's no such way it can transmit you right. You got to clean up your act of it. You're clean up that cue. That's right. It was my strip. Your strip? Yeah. But I'm dressed now. That's all right. Now what tell us this? This is what is this? I don't know. Susan McDougal, which we love Susan McDougal by the way. There is a lady with the biggest pair of balls in his been human race. No question. Clinton Business Partner at Confidence on the few people who serve prison time as a result of the whitewater controversy. She spent 18 months in prison including several of some salvage her confinement for a civil content of court after refusing to answer three questions from independent council Lee, Anxious Kenny Star before the whitewater grand jury. Sure, thanks today to very embodiment of the ordinary citizen whose liberty is used to by a coercive government. Her talk in book signing is taking place today at 7.09.730. The event is at the Travis Center, Cohen Poverty in in West Palm Beach, Parking Admissions or Free, book is available at Barnes & Noble. For additional information called L. No Laugh, at 5616-6660, or go to El No Laugh, either I can't read all that. At any rate, there are at 9.730 at the Travis Center, Cohen Poverty in West Palm Beach, Parking Admissions or Free. If you want to see one of the truly great Americans, somebody who had the guts to stand up and was willing to yield for the courage of her convictions. Not make a story to satisfy Kenny Star. She's somebody in fact we ought to vote for her as writer in for president, write her in for something. Write her in for governor. Hey Charlie, how's Charlie Christo? Is he still... Yeah, oh, not to understand who wrong with that. Oh, and I got to strike a bit of a statement for tomorrow about the gospel of youth in the Sun Sentinel 20 something shy away from that old-time religion. Oh boy, if you're not keeping Kosher you're going to burn in hell, I'll say that right now. Am I right? Absolutely. Oh, I mean, absolutely. Time to kosher the house, baby. Just in time from young kipper, so I don't have to atone for quite so much. Although a good triple cheeseburger, bacon cheeseburger from Wendy sounds awfully tempting to me, doesn't it? But that's not good. Would you rather, would you rather take a chance on going home? And then of course there are those who say, well, as you don't believe in heaven or hell. There are those who would say that. But I'm not really sure about those for a bison, you know, about the alpha orthodox. The ones who wanted to give out a reward for shooting a somebody in the gay pride parade that crowd. Fourteen hundred and ten votes and Bubba's the only one. Well, I mean, Al Gore's got about half as many votes. But almost 35% say we don't for us any politicians. They're all a bunch of crooks. Roger's force radio 560. It's very quiet. It's all dark at 560. W-U-N. Oh, oh. Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day. And for those with automobile's alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down. Hi, London, the Middle East. He has got a level not seen there in decades. Israel is vowing to crush the militia called hands-belonged. They have bombed the home and headquarters of the leader of has balock. Zion Hassan-Naswala says his group is ready for open war with history. Let's go out as a war is which I'm so full to teach. One back down in the Middle East. To the south and south in religious respect while artillery and war blanting back. The radio either won this coupon for weeks or even month. We're terrified she said this suffering going out is too change. So you did foxes bit you on the show. You did your life little conservative hit job on me. What I want to know is a perfectly legitimate question but I want to know how many people are to be interested in talking about mainly Egyptian culture as to what guys referred your