If you're listening to this message, chances are you are not at your computer or watching your TV. You are listening to the radio, which is interesting because you are not engaged in anything word about to discuss, watching your TV on your computer. Which means this could be- We're not expecting change. The following program is rated BU69 by the American fact contains graphic violence, religious blasphemy, dissenting political viewpoints about our Lord God invested. I mean, faster, patient, partial nudity, frontal nudity, employee but nudity, naked women flying in another balloon like birds. That's nice. Adult language, meaning great big words that only few adults would know. Huck a dancing, oily knobs, and a hostile huleo that is cues daily talking points. Most of you may never see his point. It's hidden from view in a very dark and secret place. So send your children out of the room. Make sure your wife isn't home. Lock the door. Remove your pants and slip on those panties you took from her drawer. As you write a complaint letter to the FCC, while enjoying the joy-dried reggae show. Some body watch told me, watching, can't turn out wrongly. I hate this sharpest tool in this shade. Then the crap said I was done with the fingers and their thumbs and the shape of a W on their forehead. Now, the scammers are coming and the don't stop coming. Never should have let dick chain a girl hunt. It makes sense to give out the poor stuff. I try to put Harriet minus on the court. I'm a little gray but scooter, little baby. These are the things that do not help me. You never know how it'll go. I've never seen Paul's this low. I know. Hey now, I'm a lame duck. Sitting here with no friends. Hey now, I'm a lame duck. Waiting here for the end. I'm all a friend in this car room. Even he says this is getting a world. I said, can turn his on. So I see it here, collect him home. Look at his right off the bat. I don't even have a chance to say the time. Turn on one, five, sixty QA. The other is getting drilled, filled and crowned and capped and whatnot. Not all of these things. What I meant to say. Here we go with a three-page We went over this before but let's do it again right now since I'm in a bitchy mood. Okay. And so I got this head cold and I'm stuffy. Maybe later it'll get exciting, Josh, because that took two of those little red pills. Well, I took one earlier and it didn't seem to have any kind of an effect. I knew they did the formula 44D that I've been drinking for breakfast this morning. Along with that, you got to come up with the name of that thing, man. We're going to hold pennies. Penies? Penies? Penies? You want to run that by Joyce? Can we even say that? I like my pennies, man. I know a lot of people would be interested in hearing that. They're called pennies and the new melts. Penini, okay, over at the... That's a good... Over at the Wild Beenery. I know it's called the Wild Beeners. Cafe, it's not really a cafe. I don't know why they call it that. See if they had called it the Wild Beenery, that would be a little bit funny and clever, but you know, don't leave it to corporate people to come up with anything funny or clever. And they're great. The computer makes them. Sort of. Sort of. Or they made by robots. They kind of look to them, right? You punch in the order and a computer, a robot makes it in the back room, like the Jetson, and it falls out of shoot. And it's great. What do you call it? An omelet in a pocket? Yeah, I mean, you know, they got lunch ones too. I don't know how they're done. Like they're in an omelet with bacon and cheese and stuff inside of it. Different kinds of omelets. But it's sandwiched in between bread, sort of. It's like a tortilla kind of thing. Ask square. That's pressed in a mold sealed all up so that you can actually hold it. Nothing oozes out the sides. It actually works. In other words, I'm like, other kind of pocket, like hot pockets, for example. I don't know if you like hot pockets. I like hot pockets. But when you're eating the hot pocket every once in a while, they'll start oozing out the back, you know? Oh yeah, see, these things stay together all the way through and they stay hot. Yeah. I got to know how long it takes. I mean, I know it's only two blocks away. But those things are great. I could have one of those things every freaking day. Yeah, I've been addicted. It works. And it's not greasy on the inside, too. I don't know how they do it. Like I had this extra not greasy bacon on the inside. Good stuff. Well, I have to ask the robot. And if I had a clear head, I could actually taste that thing. By the way, Miguel, thanks for this little liner all. I'll read a lot. 12 to two today at the grand opening of advanced auto parts. That's where Miguel will be at the van. Look what I had to do to sort of read this thing. I had to write in big red letters under what he wrote. Like, why don't you write these the way that people would read it, Miguel? Under what he wrote, I had to write other things so that I would be able to read it for example. Miguel will be at the van in an arrow pointing up to the line that I have to read that would normally be red first. And then the stuff that I added to that I can turn it into a sentence into a statement instead of just leaving it up to your imagination, the kind of assembly pieces together while you're on the ear, Miguel. We should actually have Miguel do the show just once on some really obscure holiday just so that he can relate. Everyone who has to support the airstaff should be forced to do at least one show so that they can relate. Just doing that one Labor Day show years ago for Neil opened up a whole world of understanding that I had to apologize like the very next day. Sorry for here's a list of things that I was doing that I didn't realize, you know, we're incredibly annoying like talking to other people while the show is going on. And if not necessarily like your fault Josh or the person in there, people come in and just start engaging you in conversation in the middle of the show. Like London, Lee for example, how can I forget that? Who is never heard of him? I had to call Book of Brian and it inspired a bit. I'll play after the next break. Hey Miguel, if you're out there, since we can't talk about the shield, unacceptable that he did not see it. That's so much to talk about. The shield is getting so good. Well, getting so good. It is so good and getting better. Like they just keep topping themselves. It's very tough to do. They could maintain the same level and I'd be happy but no, no, that's not good enough for them. Unlike the soprano's, which we were talking about this morning, where are you know, we're going to watch it. I'm going to get another watch that we're going to shuffle my feet to the TV, sit down and with a very deadpan first lip expecting nothing kind of a face. I'm going to watch it. Well, like I said, too, there's nothing else on Sunday. There's nothing else on Sunday. Well, Rome comes back. Oh, yeah. Please, we need our fix. What are Titus and pull out wait? What are Titus and Lucius going to do next? You know? Yeah. What are those two going to get into next? But the shield has been just so you're watching it. You know, it's hard for me. I know you got a girlfriend. It's not that. I just, I never watched it. You know, I hear we go again. Episode after, you know, an episode here and there. So I don't know really what's going on in the whole thing. Hey, area code 305, 223, 1, 2, 3, 0. Stop, facts, things stories. Here's what I was starting to say about the stories that people like to facts stories all day long. There isn't a story in existence in the world that Neil is in a wear of. All right? If Neil is interested in it, he has already read it three times by the time you've read it the first time. And by the time you've facts that it's been posted read and taken off of the website for three days. You think you're important. You think you're helping yourself in important holes out there. This was a seven page facts that I just canceled. And why are you all waiting like you're paying for the paper? No, I'm not the company. Some of us would like to get a raise. We don't like the excuses that we get while you're so budget is already so high. And the cost of this and the cost of that and the facts paper, you know, they'll throw away re-excuse in your face to try to get a raise. Have you gotten yours yet? Yeah. What are you doing? Mine was doing January. You know, so, you know, we do our job to try to keep the company from wasting money, wasting all this paper, wasting this very expensive facts cartridge that goes in here. Not that, you know, not that that's the issue. The issue is this thing grinds out paper all day long. And out of out of 20 sheets that comes through that machine, maybe one of them is worth sending along the Neil or even acknowledging stupid questions, people who think they're funny with jokes that aren't complaints, wrong numbers, news releases. This is like news agencies to get throwing out press releases. Not to mention the spam facts advertising that's going on. And then compounded on top of that. See, all of those things that I just mentioned right there would keep this thing grinding all day long. And it does. But then you got these people that these self-important, look at me, I found a story that you guys might be interested in. Yeah, we might be interested in it except guess what? You're already read it and it's probably already on the website. And if it isn't, it's because he didn't think it was worthy. So stop facts and stories every one. And although it's always at something that we already have posted, almost always. And if it isn't, we don't care. How's that? Stop factoring stories. And these people that are factoring from their computers, print to facts and facts to the number. And then you cancel it and it reprints Mark. I don't want to mention anybody my name. We understand that's the system you're using and understand this. I understand that's the system that you're using. And I don't care. All right? Just because you facts that way doesn't mean that we have to accept your facts that way. Go facts yourself. All right? Go facts yourself hard. Stop factoring us. But hey, what's that got to do with the shield? Which was so damn good. Today's musical guest will be cabed all the way. And there's a reason for that. You probably never heard a cabed all the way in your life. I don't think I had. Boca Brian doesn't give you any credit. He doesn't give anybody any credit. He expects young punk's like you to be aware of all of the great things that happened before you were born just automatically. And I tried to defend punk's like they were shared with me. Not used specifically because right, but punk's like you. I tried to defend you and saying, look, the the punk's today, even the the well-intended ones like Josh got no chance MTV is assharing these things with people. There are no channels telling the children of the world about the cool people of the past. And most of the punk's today wouldn't give any of that kind of stuff a chance. And those who would like Josh have no chance. So it takes people like us to bring you together with people. Now cabed calories way before my time. All right? All right. I first became aware of cabed, Calaway watching the blues brothers and movie the first one. Did you ever see the first blues brothers movie? Yeah, I did. Okay. Very good movie. I thought I saw it in the theater and I didn't know a greatest car chase ever. Only car chase that I know of where God was actually involved. Can you think of any other? I mean, I've seen some good car chase scenes and movies before. That one topped them all to date. Think of any other more involved drawn out mega car chase than that one right there. I mean, that was a chase. Yeah. Everybody was chasing them. The cops, the red necks, the Nazis. It was as terrible. It was great. Cabed Calaway was the black dude that was in the orphanage that taught them how to play. Remember they went to visit him at the beginning of the movie and then later on at the concert when they were late. Cabed Calaway filled the time by performing many the mouture one of his songs from the past. Remember that? Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, hi, the audience went, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, Adi-hadi, remember that? I know that. All right. Well, that's Cabed Calaway. First time I've ever heard of the men. I'm sure that the people in the audience who were aware of him from the past were all really impressed. Whoa, hey, look, that's Cabed Calaway. Nothing to me at the time, but recently I became more and more aware of Cabed Calaway, including seeing something on either the history channel or biography or one of these things where they were showing footage of all of these big bands from the past. The ones that started redefining the way that things were because you know there used to be in the classical music phase, there was this big orchestra. And then you know that they had people like Glenn Miller and Lawrence Welch where the orchestra would play something danceable and the old people would go out there and dance and it was pretty lame. And certain people like Glenn Miller, for example, who you've heard, you've heard in the mood. That, that, that, you know, where they started to innovate. They wanted to live and things up a little bit. They started rearranging the music to make it a little bit more danceable. Anyone who does that, of course, the old people complain, like, oh, what are you doing? Right? You know, why are you going to try to take it up and not? Right. They get complaints and they complain about Glenn Miller and they complain about Cabed Calaway. Cabed Calaway a lot because look what this black man's doing, except they didn't say black man. He's singing about drugs. He's singing about prostitutes. That's all in many of the moods. That's about prostitutes. And he's saying another song that I wasn't aware of in our friend Adele from Feast to Hayton Fear.com who was sent us some weird stuff in the past. That'd be something that I'm going to play in a little while and I'm going to play the reform and which I have played before. Cabed Calaway singing about refer. The song that I'm going to play was from 1940. And now certain things are starting to make sense. It'll make sense once I play it. Cool. Because I talked about something before. Remember I told you about my stepdad and yeah little character he told me about. Of course. And one of my favorites. And I'm thinking you know, my old stepdad made it up and I was given him credit for it. Pladrist old man. Rock, old man. You playedrist old man, ripping off Cabed Calaway. 1013 and 560 WQA. 1013 Here's a man on every tongue. Grandpa Grandpa M. Yon. What's the fuck with all the bouts it just? Time to find out. Who's you hooded? Who's you hooded? Someone please lend me a hand. So this mystery if you can. If he's my son if he's man. Who's you hooded? Who's you hooded? One dice night, but half past three. I thought I'll open a tree. He looked down on me. He was it me. Who's you hooded? He meant Hoover's getting moody. God is men on double duty. Trying to find out who's you hooded? Who's you hooded? Who's you hooded? The little man who wants to die that he hurt him on the air. No one seems to know from where but who's he hooded? Other than the biggest little part in the world is here. The little one is called the bill. Remember Miguel will be at the grand opening of the band out of part. 7701 that's been over for this. But we've already know 12 o'clock. Still two as TV. The teachers, $40 each. All proceeds benefit of that and pet rescue and four a lot of data that's in. No kill animal shelter, a doctor or not. I hear you hooded. You hooding is everywhere. I don't know where you start singing here. I haven't heard this so all my throat. I don't even have to play it by ear. Lord tap. They've never seen this guy at me decide in the blue brothers. Some of the footage from the younger years. I took her to call me. The very good guy will Very cool guy, what is it means to Mustafa and kisses. Very cool guy. Oh, that means the stuff on your head. Someone's gonna eat that. Who's getting money? Got his man on double duty. Trying to buy a new jewelry. Woo! Who's your own? Who's your own? Who's your own? The little man who once passed. And he heard him on the air. No one seems to know from where. Who's your own? So Clarence La Roy Wood III, my former stud, a stepfather who's dead. You're a plagiarist. You ripped off cab, Calaway. I should have known. Everything out of that man's mouth. He's either stupid or made up or stolen or something like that. Full of crap old man. Because remember I told you that the whole you hoody thing. Because I told you hoody out of my ass one day when we were talking religion. And I don't remember what I referenced it to. There's just as much evidence the Jesus was born as you hoody or something like that. Yeah, I got to kick out of that. Not what got to kick out of it. But I thought I was the only one. Funny sounding name. It was cab Calaway that made that up. The funny man, little man, who wasn't there. See, my stepfather Woody would say that you hoody was the guy that opened the electronic doors. When I was young before I realized that the guy was an idiot. Who thought he was funny and liked to make things up. I asked him a honest question like, how do the doors open at the supermarket? The automatic doors? And I didn't know if it was a pressure pattern. But obviously it was the pressure pad. And he gave me the song and a dance about there that invisible little man named you hoody. Now like no really it was. And a pressure pad or is it, you know, radar sensor? Come on old man. But he no no it's a you hoody. Little guy and he sits above the door and he opens the door when he sees people coming. And that's going to be our new church now. Thanks to cab Calaway. Now that we have a hidden. How do you like that? These are our L runs all coming together. You know what? Why is good for acronyms like church of you hoody could be coy? You know, you hoody is gag. Right? People ask you about that when you have a lighter. You have a lighter. What's a gig? So you hoody is God. All right. Just as much evidence that he existed as as Yashki as Jesus. Jesus. Don't give me this to a seaface business. Somebody I forget who. Maybe it was you hoody sent me an article about the whole Josephus thing which which which It's nice to have it written for him because I had seen that on one of these histories of the Bible and stuff like that. Josephus the Jewish historian who was who supposedly wrote all about Jesus. That was inserted way after the fact and it was proven at the time and every generation afterwards is established that that paragraph was inserted. They know the name of the the guy of the the monk that inserted it. He was criticized at the time for doing it. He was criticized afterwards. The previous historians that wrote all about Josephus somehow even the Christian was didn't find that passage that just appeared 400 years after Josephus had wrote it. Because little treat us there on the history of the Jewish people. And he only and it's just one little paragraph how amazing that and all the writings. But we're not going to get into religion today because we have so many other things like this facts from Mike and Melbourne. And Mike the the answer to your question he said you say asking why do you still use a paper facts machine well because that's what Neil liked what he was here and he has one up there. And I wanted to have a computer. Backs machine kind of thing but we haven't gotten that yet now Neil had an old computer that wound up over an engineering and still stuff stuff. So sorry that's the best I can do today. Can't really tell him to be like three pills last. So I had a coffee stone in the middle of the night last night. I didn't think I was going to come back from just chunks of lungers man. Cops so hard I almost pute you ever do that. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Red eyed coffee in the sink there. Oh. Right. We have a paper facts machine because because all right because we work here. That computer that wound up an engineering I asked them about that and I said hey you know that computer that Neil replaced and that you guys took it in here to see if you could get it back work and did you ever get it back work and then we use it as a computer to receive facts is on all bring an extra monitor. And we can use that to receive facts is and just connect it to the printer we have a facts or printer scanner thing here. And I was told by fix it all we use that computer for parts and you'll say we couldn't. That's it. So much of that idea. And so here we are. And you know what I canceled the facts and they refaxed it in seven pages. Okay. We're going to do it all one in the garbage and you're just wasting your time and our paper and our ink. But hey whatever. Right. Why should it bother me? What's that got to do with the fact that I can't breathe through my nose today? And I wasn't able to taste that. What is it called again? I'm going to write down a penini. Now a P A or P I or P A P A I and I and I and I punini. But I'd over here at the wild being recast I at the BP gas station. I hate going to the BP because they cat me out at 40 bucks with the gas. Have you noticed that? Oh, try to get gas over here. I got the I got the diesel going. So I got to go. It's start. Well, you got a Volkswagen. And how many gallons does that take half a gallon? Half a gallon? You're tanked. It holds what? Have a gallon of gas? Yeah. Getting like because my holds a hundred. I'm kidding. I'm getting dodged. Greg. I'm sure. What is it? At least to fill it up. What it was when the gas prices were peaking. My record was 68 bucks. I don't know. That thing up. That was how much a cost of her. So I think yeah, it's like 50 gallons. But it collapsed me at $40 over here. And that started during the hurricane time. And they still haven't taken the the ration setting off of the pubs over here. And I keep forgetting that. I come over here to like 40 bucks. Dude. It gets me just a little bit over half in this tub. This tank that I'm driving over here. Yeah. And not that I'm the only person to say this. But since the since his president's been on in office before he was in the cost me 19 bucks. Yeah. Fill up my car. Thank you, Mr. President. Now it's like 33. Those low gas prices right. Absolutely. Oh, don't go get me. I started 20 bucks. That's all I'm saying. Don't go get me started. Watch that freaking loose change. We got the link on there. You could also download the file. It's out there. People have it. If you have like the bit toward thing. I downloaded it. Download an ABI file. The Rocksio Easy Media Creator. We'll take that ABI file and burden it into a DVD for you. Sweet. Which I have already done. Q. I am a low. George. Yeah. Hey. I said to him. You haven't talked about access to this warrant. Yeah. Yeah. That's nice and safe. I wanted to tell you guys appreciate the fact you guys put that loose change on. I've seen an on cloud block that plays you and talked about. Yeah. It's Dutch. Apparently. I said it was German. What do I know? The difference between Dutch and German. I don't want to especially when I see a written. So it's Dutch. Apparently. But I couldn't read when it said all of those pictures. Yeah. Or something clicked on it. the fun is clicking on links and you don't know what you're going to get. Exactly. But I sent you over a bunch of other links. There's one for scholars for truth. 9-11 truth. Okay. That's a very good website as a fan. I think it's ST911.org or something like that. And there was another one for a question 9-11. Okay. And they have a bunch of videos. I would miss 9-11 where there's these helicopters flying over and they're not the rest of the people. But they're, you know, acting strange and there's bombs going off inside the buildings. What if you're... The helicopters and things like that don't convince me what convinces me is exactly what Hunter has Thompson saying at the beginning. Who stood to gain from this? Who had the ability to do it? The desire to do it, the will, the intestinal fortitude to do it. In other words, who had no conscience whatsoever to do it? And who stood to gain and who has gained since it did happen? Who has gained since it happened? There's a lot of me who are on there as well. Let's think about it logically for a little while. Exactly. The corporation, right? The people who are on their money, see a lot of people are losing money right now and have them during these past six years. But a lot of other people are making money. And over it. Right. So think about that. Think about who's making the money, who's benefiting right now? Because we're not. Because we're not going to go in the break. Yes, we do. John Morther. John Morther, you got it. And please add that to it. Oh, Chuck Hagle. All right, Chuck Hagle, we got it. All right, man. Thank you so much. Thanks for 29 on all you hoodie radio. 560 WQAM. Hello, here. Oh, we'd have to do. Yeah, let's do that. The name is not in me. And I wouldn't very much like to see nails straight away please. I have this package. I wish to do it. The new is in Canada. Please, though. I do can't go with her. I wish I was on. I actually didn't hear me the first time. I am none other than London Lee. Your dress like Austin Power. Yes, well, actually he dressed like me. That was my ass. I was quite the damn to you, though. Thought it was time to jump on the old bad wagon, shall we say. But movie came out of yours, I got it. Quite simple, really. I was frozen long ago. You got from this bloody battle. I don't have the signal. George, there's a man by the name of Lee. Lee here to do you. No, don't London Lee. Now see here with spoon face. I'll have you know. I'm London Lee. Be list and I guess both of my Douglas and Murdgryton show. I went with a great, nice taste off and Carol cooks. Somebody get full character in here. We haven't heard of the having a call. Does John Binner form? Samdine Baron Ring about us? Oh, last hit all. What's the situation we have here? This hood again refuses to let me see the erogist. News of here, man. Doors this were a fucking hell of a new fruit. I'm having a fruit. I'm just gonna go with that. Ten to the least of time. They didn't know who I am. Yeah, I always have the same problem. No, came and asked the goal, but I thought they would know. You're more. I'll have a casual package back. I can't. You didn't leave it in the afternoon. Oh, okay. I like it. This thing needs a little bit of an explanation. It's funny to everybody in the studio here. So I had to bring Miguel in because we had a little bit of an incident yesterday. Actually, we had two and they were very similar kind of things. And I'm gonna be talking about you in a minute here. Pete from Red State Riot who is not my friend. By the way, remember that call yesterday? Neil said, oh, I think this is a friend of yours. No, it's not. Pete from Red State Riot who we played. Some of his music back during the election because they're an anti bush. I remember public and band sent us some CDs here recently. They got a good going on. So he decides to ambush the show and Neil and and and and plow a plug for himself onto the year. And and and starts the call off by saying, oh, hi, George. It's Pete from Red State Riot. Never met you Pete. Did your favor played your music. Talk to you up. I guess it wasn't good enough. So you call and you represent yourself. Like a friend. I mean, that's not what he said, but that's of course what Neil is going to presume when somebody calls them. Because hey, yeah, all right. Good luck to you, Pete. Very similar kind of a situation. You know, people because I and I know I bring it on myself, right? Because I encourage people to send stuff and I'll play it and I promise that I listen to it and if I like it, I'll I'll play it on the ear and I'll talk about it. And I don't regret that, but I know that that gives a lot of people the wrong idea and I don't know why people just presume a lot. I guess that's why. So here's this guy, London Lee, who I had never heard of in my life. And apparently at some time yesterday, what time would you say it was more or less Miguel yesterday? 10. 10 o'clock. This character, whom it all describes is what like a, a midget with melanoma, a sun fried five foot tall at least. Or when I exaggerating was it used to be like four feet tall or four eleven. Was he okay, he was four eleven. If he were four ten, he would technically be able to classify himself as a little person and receive, you know, medical disability or something like that. He would qualify for the Americans with disabilities, the ADA, to a side there. Yeah, good for him, good luck to you. But well, he's he's not an American apparently. He's English. But, well, I'm going to explain to the history of this guy to me. Apparently he is a character who would appear on the Murmgriffin show. Very minor bad comedian who surfaced around the time of the British invasion when British stuff was really hot and popular. He capitalized on that by by being a Brit guy who would do some comedy. At least he called it comedy and he would wear a lot of ruffles. He would wear the ruffles shirts that those British fans of where in the days, you know, with the lazy sleeves and the ruffles shirts was he wearing that kind of a get up. No, when he came here yesterday, but he showed up at 10 o'clock and he brought a CD and talked to your ear off. Why don't you take us through what happened during incident when I brought out already man? Come on. No, sorry, bring it back. You didn't watch the shield. You could give us at least this much. So this guy, he comes in. Yeah, he comes in. It's kind of clock obviously. He can't see me. For two reasons. Right. You know, three reasons he's invisible and he's in Toronto. So, you know, I tried to climb him off on you. Right. Well, you're obviously you can't bring the guy in and you try to explain that to him. And then you're having a little bit of a still that wasn't good enough. Right. He wanted to, you know, if you're going to the conference room or wherever anywhere, the CD player. Yeah. So I can hear two seconds at least of the CD. Whatever it was at a song, we'll never know. No, never know because he took it back up. He took it back up. Well, let's not get ahead of the story. And he talked to you for a way too long. How many way? Way, way, way too long. It was probably like five minutes when I felt like there. That'll teach you to talk to people. So, they're trying to tell you that people suck. Well, I have to talk to people every day. I know. I know. You're going to me. Is that a fact from new to two? Please show up and just talk to Miguel a lot. He loves to talk to people. Maybe London Leal show up. Maybe you can trade him a best of meals. He'd for that CD that we never got to hear. Maybe he was playing in the car. Maybe he was the greatest thing in the world and now we'll never know because the guy is just a crazy person. So, he leaves the CD with you. Which I do like I say. I gave it to you. You explained to him that I wouldn't be able to listen to it during the show. Correct. Someone who even killed in the CD or did a live radio show, and I'm not going to listen to a comedy bit. He's on the air right now. He's off at two o'clock. Right. He might listen to it then. I might. Or he might listen to it first thing in the morning. Right. I might one way or the other. He'll call you back. If it's funny. He'll call you back. If it sucks. He'll call you back. Right. That's what I said. Well, whatever. That's up to you. That's actually half true. If it sucks, I don't call them back. Okay. Because you know, and I found good for me. I love to tell you my reasons because I used to call people back and say, Hey, thanks for dropping this off, but it's just not our thing. And here's how that goes. Yeah. Yeah. Here's how that goes. Which wrong with it? Well, it's just it's not our style. Why? Why isn't it your style? I've had a hundred of these. Well, I'm exaggerating a little bit. 90, like 30, maybe. Whatever it is. It's always the same thing. Here's what I don't get. Thank you for taking the time to listen. It's more than anyone else would have done. Which is true. Right. All right. It's more than anyone else. And any other radio station would do. And thank you for at least calling me to let me know so that I don't have to worry about where's, you know, getting a response or what the house going on from there. That's what I should be hearing, but I'm not. I'm hearing. It's real with it. And then you try to tell them in the nicest way that you can. Because I am a nice guy. I, you know, stick aside. Air persona aside. I try to be nice. I'll actually, I don't try to be nice. I don't try to be nice. I try to be mean because that's the only way that you can survive down here. This is a horrible place for nice people. But I don't get that. What's wrong with it? You said, well, first of all, it's a little bit long. And, you know, most of the stuff that we play is a little bit shorter than that. And, and it's not funny. And that's the worst thing that you could tell somebody. Well, what we go for is funny and your stuff while the subject matter. And this is usually the case because it's usually someone quite, for example, political humor. And the material is in the right place, but it's just not funny. It's just like a droning preaching to the choir kind of stuff that we wouldn't really waste our time with. And so you try to explain it to the person who, who, who, that is very funny. I played it for a lot of people who laughed. I'm a mon last and I played it for the dog and I played it for my cousin. And then they all laughed and everybody's in a pain for told me it was funny. Why don't you think it's funny? That's what I get. You know, and then they basically paint you into a corner where you have to say, look, I'm sorry. Our standards are our standards. Feel free to take your CD over. Yeah, Paul and Ron and they'll be, yeah, take it. You know, somebody, the era America will play it for an hour and wave about it. But we have our standards over here and we listen. We go through a lot of comedy. We listen to 20 bits for everyone that we play. All right, between the stuff that we get from Boca Brian and the two satellite services that we have. We have a lot of internet. And KJ and Guitar Man is a matter of fact. That's one of the reasons that Guitar Man doesn't do things for us anymore is because he didn't like the concept that he would spend a lot of time. We're going a bit that he would not get paid for because we didn't think it was good enough to play. We wouldn't play it. We wouldn't pay for it and he would get all bad out of shape about it. That's not the only thing to bother him about that situation. Royalties with another one. And I don't blame him for being bad about wasting his time. He felt like he was wasting his time. You know, and you can't really talk to artists. This is something that came from their hearts. And for you to tell them that it's not good enough is an insult. Well, if it came from his heart, it wasn't wasting his time. Well, it's not going anywhere. It's not going to get played on the air. No one's going to hear it so basically he wasted his time. And he's not going to get paid any money for it. So he wasted his time. All right. And it happens to Boko Brian all the time. But that goes all the way back to square one. And as a matter of fact, Boko Brian's response was the opposite. He actually thanked me. He said, look, I have no idea. This stuff just comes out. And I have no idea if it's good or bad. Thank you for at least listening and letting me know if it's good or bad. Because I would tell Boko Brian straight up going all the way back. It's a 15 freaking years ago. It's like in the first time that I told him something about it. It's just like this is that, hey, I said, you know, that fits pretty good. But you left out the comedy. He forgot to put the comedy in there. And he laughed at that. And he said, oh, oh, okay. I'm sorry. I'll do it over and I'll put some comedy in it. Just let me eat it. He read it the entire bit. And this time made it funny. And look, he's going around and look at that. He's still around. Just go and show you. So this guy comes in. We're getting late for the break to be continued, I guess. Well, I'm out for me. Not for you. No, no part two has to do with Josh. Because Josh, we had two encounters with London League yesterday. I didn't enjoy either one of them. You had out. You had part one. Josh had part two. So part two. Yeah, because in next time, I'm going to tell you how to fix that from desk. Oh, I took it out there. And they took my curiosity's peak right now. Yeah. Believe me. You don't want it to be 16 to 11 to be continued on WQAM. Hey, y'all know the name by now, Drive Concepts. I've used them for over 21 years in my homes. They're the best cover cleaning company in the world. So before you go out and spend thousands to replace your company, give Drive Concepts a call. You'll be amazed at the way they can bring most carpets back to life. Look, and just like brand new, when they finish doing their fantastic job for you, they leave your Carpet's vibrant and color, soft in the touch and stain free. Drive Concepts is the only have it I would call the only one you ought to be working with too. I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't. Drive Concepts also specialize in breakery cleaning, a post-recleaning, deep cleaning, a very expensive leather furniture and lots more. And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job. And without a doubt, one of the best things you can do for Oriental or area rug is to use a quality underlament. It's essential for a standing life and video of your area rugged provides critical cushioning and prevents skating and hard floors too. During the month of March, called Drive Concepts and get 15% in savings on all underlament padding. Drive Concepts always professional always on time. Carpet cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, and lots of I pulled the cover up over my head so I could breathe. But your role must keep in the way. Even though I know you never shave under your arms, I've been trying my best. Not complain reminds me of my toilet dream, but... Hey, your hair and wash your back, I'm brush off teeth before your redness. I'm speaking for your armpits, your so stinky. It's no like I can't be on my sweater, for the real life I understand. I think I'm gonna get you a letter saying you're so stinky. When I'll drive and hold in the air, just believe. Could you smell like someone's Bob, it's mixed with steel beer. I'm stuck in your sun, get down to the field, just a little bit higher than this. You come up in my perfume, you know it doesn't exist. I don't have any blessings left to my name. And for like moldy wood when it was, check your calls, you smell like a corks bud. Leave your hair and wash your back, I'm stuck in teeth before your redness. I'm speaking for your armpits, your so stinky. I can't be on my sweater, although real life I understand. 10-55-60WQA, which is at a Jimmy Carter the poll, and I should probably mention the poll. Neil started this last night, I actually had a poll idea I was gonna do today, but I'll take this and just save the original idea I had. I'm gonna tell you what the idea is, go for it. At the risk of people wanting to put stuff on it, don't do this yet. There will be many vacation days, many vacation shows, and that's the hardest thing of all. It's coming up with a poll that people can wrap themselves around, yes, it is so to speak. And I've got one I don't think that we've done before, and it actually sounds a little bit like that. Something that you haven't done but would like to do. Have we done that before? No, but imagination can run real wild, really easy for you. Well, I'm gonna have many things, but just something like that. Right on into my head. What's that? Skydive. Right. Things like that, Skydive, bungee jump. We got three sums, and then for those people who are curious, you know, we could have the old same partner sex for those people. Somebody just throw some money out here over here. Yeah, you know what I tend to do. They just see me and they give me money. It's great. How does that happen? You know what I got to gift, man? People just see me and they give me crap. You see? I don't want to. I'm afraid with you. No. Who does? So this poll that that Neil started last night, I'm really glad that he did 996. We're gonna be over a thousand before I even mentioned it. Who is the US living politician, or which living US politician, the most admire? Bill Clinton is winning with 356, I mean, big time, 35.7. I actually, uh, and I don't know if this was an oversight on his part or what, but Dean Howard Dean was not on there. So I added it on there this morning and then voted for him. Uh, for whatever reason, I don't know. I mean, I kind of knew Bubba was gonna run away. Yeah, I figured that he would, but since he's not running for anything anymore, I wanted to vote for somebody who has a chance. As fans have stick, is it might be a chance of being president someday? So we got Bill Clinton with 356 done. They're all crooks 247. John McCain, 59, Russ find gold, 44. I like Russ also. Brock Obama also, good choice 38. Dennis Cassinage 38. Also 38 for Rudy Giuliani. GW has got 26th head Kennedy 25. 24 each for Howard Dean and I hate this poll. Al Gore has 22 all known for 18 Dick Cheney 7. Listen this. You got the Dick Cheney hack going right now. You got the Dick Cheney hack, you got the KG. Six each for Elliott. What is it? What is it? What is it right there? Epitzer? What? It says Elliott Epitzer. Epitzer actually doesn't even say Epitzer. I can't pronounce it correctly. I can't pronounce it. No? No? I don't know where that type came from. That's weird. Have there a change it? I don't know what it's supposed to say. How's that? I'm sure that's wrong. Tom Belize has got six Hillary Clinton six. I'll sharpen five John Kerry five John Edwards three John Martha two Jimmy Carter, who just went on there has won and Chuck Hagle has won. Look we have ten cent. We have one thousand ten votes right now in the poll. And I will a little bit later. Get into the woman that you most desire. Did you hear that Josh? That was a little bit punish. That was a good way. I read it there. Because once we get into that poll, they'd pull from yesterday. The women that you desire. I have a feeling that we'll just tangent off and never come back. Yeah, which by the way, so hard. We will wax the nostalgic. We will wax the lately nostalgic all the way to the end of the show. And the other cab Calaway song. I'm going to save because you know how we have to place some music towards the end of the show because we have the short show today, which is good. We got Marlins on deck coming up at 1250 and leading up to that. We're going to play the the Reeferman Cap Calaway song since he is our musical guest of honor today for being a cool old dude. Back when it was hard to be cool. So maybe it was easier than it is right now. So we got no good movies from the 40s, but now we have, you know, we're still searching for good movies from the 40s. The case you missed it, I tried to watch Casablanca again. And by again, I mean, while I was watching it, I realized that I had already tried previously and that this was, if not the movie, one of the movies that got me to dislike. Humphrey Bogart, the 40s, hats. People talking with drinks and cigarettes in the same hand. The entire genre of the Waki-Talky movie. You know what I mean by Waki-Talky? They're just walking and talking. Which if I might tangent briefly, good night and good luck. Good, important subject matter. Very slowly presented. That's my review of Good Night and Good Luck. An important piece of historical documentary, let's just say, that is slow. And delivered to you in slow motion with slow, ponderous dialogue about like this. Okay? You could really, you could put this movie on and read a book at the same time. Or, I don't know, do your taxes. Something to keep you awake while this movie is good. It is a killing. You're putting me asleep, important to sorry. Sorry. I know my voice had its normal pace, but people asleep. QA hello. George, who's that George? What's up? We're going to produce the London Re-story after the next break apparently. Okay, George, I got a story man. Can we hear a couple of the QM boardops to do 911 minutes? I think you're right. I called 911 for emergency and a phone no lie. You're the phone rank for five straight minutes. Well, that's because I think our boardops actually do substitute for 911 operators. I think that's why that's happening. I mean, a rank for five minutes, no one answers. Maybe you like 10 minutes. That's what I was talking about. We did that poll like who's employees stuck the worse. And we put the, you know, I put 911 on there apparently. No one understood what I meant by that. I was talking about the operators. They get you know, $5 an hour of patience to work on there. And they're like slacking. Yeah, exactly. So, so the phone, my phone, my cell rate's back in. The radio phone, the phone, the said, Yeah, we got to hang up from this phone number. I'm like, I was like, what the, I didn't hang up. I called, but no one really answered that emergency. And she said to me, so where's the emergency? I said, I'm along, I'm from the emergency. I can't get up. I'm not in emergency anymore. Everyone's dead and they're all buried already. Exactly. So this is, excuse me. You know, well, I'm very sorry because you know, we're understaffed. Yeah, you know, we don't have enough employees, you know, that the answer is falling. And I mean, this is what I call, this is a couple of months ago. The second incident I called, I got the, uh, please wait. You'll call or be answered in order to receive. By $191, not after waiting line, you know, for whoever else they're helping. For me, you know, and you can't prevent me. You're about to die. You're doing a good job, man. The moral of the story is just to take the line here on hands. You might as well because, you know, the concert just run and rate or anyway, they're not stopping red light runners. Yes, just to get an application down there and, very, go. If they're understaffed, maybe they're hiring. There you go. Job opportunities. We're late for the break. Thank you very much. I probably pay better. Elliot Spitzer. Do you think you could get Eric to change whatever it says to Elliot Spitzer? I'm sure corporate busty. That wasn't me, by the way. Great. All right. Well, it's a mystery. I know who was, you hoody. 11 on 560, WQAM. Hey, say it's like that we all know no no. I'm hearing me all the way. Hit me, call me, say it's okay. Don't you dare. Oh, hey. Those weapons and mass destruction got to be somewhere. We've obtained photographs that officials called Desmond and proof of WMV's. What that means for you, we can't. You're right. You're right. You're right. Now have to. Now make it long. You're right. Now have to. We don't get through the ramp. You're right. Now have to. Now have to. Now have to. I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous. Now are the ones who don't. Sedong was saying. Was a threat. Don't you follow me saying, Shut up. Try to pass. Holding up my hand, shawt, either carry a bridge, or a fancy, come on George Floyd, George Floyd, that's the way to my feet. Then it's hard work. And it's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It is hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. I know just hard work. Now I know. Now I know. Now I know. Now I know. There's a piece of law. There's no has no. To the risk of making me move your hand. Now I know. Now I got the balls. Now come on. Let's go shoot something. Now I got the balls. My dad let me shoot it catch. Really go to the kitchen. I love shooting a nail gun too. Here we are dad. Chef. Oh, what's your people? Well, I mean, most recently you never heard of this guy. I didn't know his name. You might have seen the movie. You heard this song. Yeah. You know the guy who does the song. Because it's out of the park. So Isaac Hayes did not die. Oh, okay. I was like, well, so. And then, and no it wasn't a shaft, but it was the other director. The shaft director Gordon Parks 93 though. He got up there. Gordon Parks who captured the struggles and clients of black America as a photographer for Life magazine. And then became Hollywood's first major tractor director with the learning tree and the hit shaft died Tuesday. If Emily member said he was 93. Parks also wrote fiction was accomplished composer died in New York. He's got a few Charles Parks that himself on interview from Lawrence Canter. So there you go, Gordon. Just because, you know, why is he important to us because obviously he made this movie. And because he made this movie he needed the theme song. And because he needed the theme song he called up Isaac Hayes or somebody did. And said, you're I did. I'd like to do the theme song for this movie. But it's like the second. He said, you should, you know. And talk about Jeff. Can you dig it? And of course we like this. And I know I'm tired of complaining about it. But how come we don't have the walker walker guitar anymore? Like we have here. I didn't get tired of it, see. I know it's not it. But I didn't get tired of it. See normally you get tired of something that's not doing it. It's going the way and that's fine. Maybe you get untired of it. You want to hear it again? I didn't get tired of this in the first place. You want to go away. Walk the way. I can hear that all day or. Well, we have the ability. But I'd like to hear it apply to something new. Since everybody's sampling these days, since we have sample artists and I'm doing a close thing with my fingers. How about sampling some of these tracks that the walker walker guitar go in? Boy, you could read three car commercials, a weather cast and five lost dog reports during the intro to this company. Yeah. I have no problem doing it. I have to make you the Isaac Hayes greatest hits coming in. God, I've got top of the other. Here goes. No, I was wrong. Of course I'm like a hear today. I do much better job doing top of us. I'm getting tired of it. That's enough. Okay, that's enough. We got to finish the story about London League. So at 10 to 2 yesterday, we got to call from the receptionist saying George and Josh says it's not George's Josh, but that's that's every day. And the receptionist that I guess it was not so under this boy. It was. God says there's this old grizzled sun-fried midget here that's no, it shouldn't say that. First it started out with, tell George London League here to see him. I didn't know who that was. Right. I said okay, I'll tell him in a second. You know, Neil was on the air. So I had the opportunity to slip that to you. Right. And I said, I ordered it around the corner here and, you know, not that we are supposed to be having these kinds of conversations during the middle of the show, but it had to be dealt with really quickly. I say as quickly as I can. I'm not going to see this guy. I'll get back to him in due time. I'll listen to the disc when I can and I'll call him when I can in due time. And Josh conveyed that to Nostlan who conveyed that to this sun-fried fossilized midget from across the pond. Who responded to Nostlan? And we should, again, hurry in here. Just to sit around. I'm saying, I get her to take her shoes off, maybe, you know, pain or toenail or something. But to get what she actually got told by him because the next thing that comes through the little intercom over here is, well, he just wants the CD back. So why don't you just come out and give it to him? Think in that that's all you're going to do. I did. During the following break, you go out there or something to just give the CD back. But, oh no. Oh no. Storyly mistaken. London wanted to go into a little bit of a conversation. Uh-huh. Started out with, well, did he listen to it? The basics, which I expected. Right. I knew he was going to ask me. I'm understanding, of course, now that you heard Miguel side of the story that he was told that there would be no opportunity for me to listen to his CD. While the show is in progress, you grizzled old fart from show business who should know how these things operate. Go ahead. So, you know, he goes into that. At first, and I'm thinking, no big deal. Let me just tell him, you know, no, he didn't listen to the CD. He'll get around to it when he can. You know, obviously, I'm getting it back to you, but he hasn't listened to it just to let, you know. Kind of start turning around as if I were to go back to the studio. Yeah, you're trying to, you're just walking away. I was trying. Okay. Then he starts going into stuff about Neil. Mm-hmm. Saying, oh, well, I dropped the food off for Neil. Do you know me? I'm London. And then I go, sir, Neil does the show from Toronto. He goes, what? What do you mean? And who took the food? It was this guy. I'm like, oh, this guy? That's like, really? Because Neil's in Toronto, sir. That's all I got for you. I'm doing a show right now. So, it's like, you're going into the movie. I'm just a part of it. I just about, about you. Can I come in? Can I come in the studio? Can we listen to this right now? Isn't the show almost over? I'm like, yeah, but we're in the middle of it right now. And I told you, it's not a good day. I'm trying to get to, you know, somebody can take it here. You do the work, right? See? Some people. They're called people in Florida. Yeah. You know, when you try to get a point across, and I was being really light, right? That doesn't work here either, I've noticed. And you know, and then, you know, Nosslyn, you know, it's a her credit after five minutes of conversation with this guy. I'm like, listen, I'm on a break here, pal. I got to get back. And she says, hey, listen, you know, he's doing a radio show. And then at that point, I just turned around and walked away. So I could do that. Yeah. Perfect. I mean, he would have had me out there all day. Obviously, he's a crazy old Gatchke. And these kinds of things, I mean, this is the most, I mean, it happened yesterday, the most recent time. These kinds of things have happened before. Both ways. The incident yesterday, also, where we're Pete from Red State, Riot called up, you know, Leslie, his way under the show. By the way, you know, in the case you're listening, Pete, and you know, I was thinking of calling it a apologize. I don't bother you know what you were doing. You know, the address, you've sent stuff in the mail. You know, the facts number. If you wanted to, to get a plug on without approval, you would have done something like that. But you just jumped on, you know, you just muscled your plug on for yourself, which is fine, you know, but just don't, don't expect it to happen again. Hey, George, it's Pete from Red State Riot. Like, that's going to endure you to Neil. And just like invoking Neil and saying that you're an associate of Neil is going to endure you to me. Like, I brought Neil food, and I don't know how many times, at least, a hundred somebody, you know, that has called or come to the door saying that there are no other people who are going to be in the middle of the door. And then you know, you know, you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to the door and then you're going to have to go to your door and then just come back and then you felt stuck out of the window. And then you are going to have to go to the door and then you're going into thettmony of it. And then you're going to have to go back and then you're home to have to go back and you're going to have to go to that door and then you're going to have to go to it. Oh man, I had to do it again. It doesn't matter. There are more wider everywhere in the sitting orques in the chair. I don't run like a girl But I do punch like you already beat her I run like a man, but it punch like you got to run around them I punch like a girl you know the C army is darkness. Yeah. Yeah. Remember the skeletons. Yeah. Looks like that But just picture like oh really rough. Oh, no, no, my skin. Did he have like green I'm going inside By the way, when people were the glass like the dark as oh, yeah He totally is unblocker glasses the ones that the over glasses that you wear over your regular glasses and everything Yeah Typical old South Florida, Codger Just thought would share that amusing story because apparently this is a big man in the business Or at least used to be or think all right. Thanks. He is well. That's a that's according to him I mean that explains his attitude He's used to just walk and write into places, you know, just throw in his name out there and just doors open magically in the the carpet rolls right out You know Because he was on TV he was on with more grip and I'll have you know That was the inspiration for the book of Brian bit. I mean, I just suggested I don't know there's a bid here or something like that But but Brian was all over that he knew all about it. By the way, I'm sorry that bit Yeah, good stuff that was good stuff The book of told me the whole life story He told me every guest appearance that he never did on every show so he knows him or he knows of him. No, he knows of him He's he's seen him on TV back then. It's you know That both is all about all that stuff You know like how we are about stuff that's on comedy, central and everything like that But you know, Boke was all over that that kind of thing in his day Or Griffin everything that was on back then so he knew all about London He was in he was in stitches when I was selling in the story So it's not surprising that a bit came from that Q. I am hello. I'm your friend Q. I'm hello Q. I am hello Q. I am hello Hello You're yeah That's funny you should say it about that man. No go Q. I'm hello Hello Yeah, talking to the phone Oh, yeah, he's going to be brutal the past month You're talking about the 40s movies. Did you ever get into the spot for girls with a Earl flint or anything right? Yeah, I think you were those. I mean Robinhood was 30 something wasn't it? Well, I like 30s of uniform. Oh, yeah, didn't say late 30s. I said 40s. They may have 40s movie something something for that wasn't that didn't suck Okay, what is a few out there? May one The thing I wanted to bring up to you, but you know why I never heard it to me is Juliani He was the guy that cleaned up that building in Boca He owned the company that cleaned up the the infractor He was building yeah, yeah, and then he bought the building But no, whatever no one ever mentioned that okay, you know was that little inside the trading or you just did? I don't know 1115 on an I don't care radio 560 WQ a and On the on a is the music of the world Classical jazz moves and some black and blues Now you can enjoy this timeless new masterpieces from the artists that inspires the call to bring the world together and Inspired a call to 911 Yani mind soul and domestic abuse the multi-culturalist Explinder of his gripping or testimonialings intertwined with a whipping and first lap They make us Yani's find this composition yet Yani's music carries you away two options Where you can almost feel the song spray and feel the assumption And artists that blends the most uplifting elements You'll know from the first truck and the first last one the music is Yani Relax and enjoy this inspirational new album while you're thrown into peace and tranquility Like he's music taking away while the police take him away Yani mind soul and domestic abuse CD available on slash co-records 1121 on 560 QA I'm you heard that story yesterday right Yani's lots is bitch up which I think is kind of funny Well, there's nothing funny about domestic abuse, but I think it's kind of funny You know anything about Yani? I got one Yani story here. Do I know anything about him? Yani did I place piano it's kind of new age you kind of stuff I mean I know what I know now. I don't have a like I don't have a person. Yeah, like a wall He you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he's you know Well, it was his girlfriend. He was trying to get around to the house and so I'm kind of a sympathetic towards him because I feel your pain Yani and sure it's hard out there being Yani she feels your pain now too I don't know what happened, but if if any part of that story is to be believed that he wanted her to leave the house and if it's his house Then she should have left the house. That doesn't mean that it's okay for him to snack her up You know what I mean? But that kind of thing happens all the time. It's like what are you gonna do? To get the bitch out of your house. Are you going to leave the bitch in your house? Not if you value anything right you're gonna come back as all gonna be gone remember that left eye Oh Jesus thing yeah, exactly what she burned the house down exactly See, that's the kind of thing that's going through your head if you leave the bitch in your house and he wants the bitch out of his house I'm sure it's his house. He earned it. He's got a very successful career. He's got all these CDs out every once in a while one of his songs will be on these Chill out discs that I like so much that have you know things like mobile on there and It will be a new trun bomb and all the which are cool. Listen like driving music. You put it on. Yeah, it's got a nice melos got it like you know a serial kind of Drum machine nothing wrong with it. Yeah, kind of stuff. I mean it's all there. You're not gonna go out of your way for it But it's fine. It ain't offensive But here's my yani story. It's kind of what the years ago. This is years ago and this was when yani was just coming up I and I think it was at a advanced automotive. I had to drop my car off to get worked on somewhere at a car dealership I'm not sure where it was and I didn't have a ride home. It was gonna have to spend the night and I said well, you know You have a loner or do I have to call a cab and the guy said well I think we can have one of our employees take you home if you don't live too far and I didn't and so he asked the reception girl Are you following this? Who happened to be at the nominal looking and smelling really this is important. This is all part of the whole thing She was just beautiful charming Pearl tooth nice smile Beautiful beautiful young lady and The the owner asked her you know, would you you know you're getting ready to quit right? This is at the end of the day the car wasn't done yet sure. I'll take him home on my way and She you know takes me home so we're in her car and she's like like yani And I said it on don't think I've ever ever heard of the of yani, but I'm I'm cool with anything You know me I'm I'll try anything once for the most part and And especially puts yani on it was some unobtrusive ethereal Cano we by the way he self taught so that's If he self taught that means all that money's his bitch and his house is his so get the Get the yani out here get the joys out of the house if he doesn't want you there. All right, so not to slap you out as house leave Please scruchi So we're listening to this yani music and the conversation is is Snap in I'm funny. She's laughing you know what I mean. I'm doing well in other words I'm already married at this point. She's taking me home to pepper pines to my marital apartment And she smelled good and the car smelled good. She had some air freshener I don't know what it is while cherries something it just it smelled good in there in the yani music was all Part of the ambiance you know what I mean it was like working romantic It was all working the atmosphere her look and and the smiling as she was smiling a lot because I was I was on man I was being funny. I was I was fired on all cylinders. It was working I kind of gone somewhere from there possibly you know how it is when you're when it's working you know Right sometimes the game is tight sometimes right and then we're gonna like a and you know We get there just left here right there and you know while we're talking and everything's connecting and it's going through good And yes, we just pull up to the dumpster box So that's where the sidewalk starts to take me to the apartment. He has pull up right here That's this is good here And you know and it was painful to open the door It was like okay Bye thank you for the ride and bye, you know See you again sometime next time you get your car fix never happened never sorry again and I was like I don't want to get out of the car but I have to spy See you later Bye and you know I open the door and I close it as soon as I close it that's smell and the music disappears And then the dumpster is right there. So you're a big fan So I smell the dumpster right there Like no as soon as the door closing the car pulls away there's dumpster smell and I walk into my apartment and there's my my lovely wife And I'm back into my life, you know, so that's my young story You know, young is all part of that whole memory there. So you got nothing but love to the young No, no, no actually I hate because that's you know, youngies like part of this whole unrequited Something I didn't have Memory like I don't encourage youngy and then whole memory from my brain You know, it's a little sunshine of a spotless mind kind of thing just just take that out of my head I don't need that up in there. Yeah, I mean I couldn't recognize a youngy song if you played it Well, I know no no, but They're out there Nothing I have no problem with y'all. He's just you know, it's like generic ethereal new AG stuff Q. I'm hello Hello Q. I'm hello it ain't just that I can't be just that's Q. I'm hello Q. I'm hello I said not not to call hello Yeah, I have to judge you are George, don't respond work and join in the car because you are married You're right. It's like that's so vesterence we get cartoon when he swears off birds and all the birds come land in on him I'm telling you it's disgusting you get married often these girls want you for everything you're single lesson happens Yeah, oh I can't say nothing happens. It just it just felt like nothing was happening. It wasn't happening frequently enough That's that was the problem All right It's a horrible story to tragic story Tragic tragic story. It's like no no my apartment isn't here. It's Wherever you're going I live right next door to it. Don't worry. I'll just I'll walk away together listen to y'all Yeah, let's just keep listening to y'all and driving around all day 1128 on 560 Q a n Jack what i do put the bowl in a basket that What I do put the bowl in a basket that wa do put the bowl in the basket that word, R B do what if we put the ball in the this what if we put the ball in the basket what are we put the ball in the basket. That we're ready, do That one I do put the Baolin a basket that what, I do put the bowl in a basket That's what he does. That's what he does. Yeah, I'll dont want you do Lets open the door and to put the bottle in the basket. That's what he'd be doing. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. That's what you would put the bottle in the basket. That's what you would put the bottle in the basket. What do you do? 26 till 12, 5, 60, WQA. I'm the we're 26 minutes away from Miguel being at the grand opening of advanced auto parts this time. It's 7701. This game Boulevard in Miami. Just south of us here. Now this game Boulevard. That's, you know, it goes through all the neighborhoods, right? So it doesn't matter what hood that happens to be at. It's down thereish right by La Migraism. Matter of fact. I'm sorry. Just a couple blocks blocks. Blocks. Let's see 77 that would be just south there, right? Just south of the INS building. Okay. Just right across from, I don't know, there's like a little canal or something right there. But we used to drive right down 79th street to go to the old radio station. Back in the olden days. And it's right down there and that's a high traffic area. And I know we got listeners in that area because every stripe, every shade, stripe, and ethnicity. The entire cast of the crash goes through that area all the time continuously. And if we don't get a big dollar amount today, even though we have a short show, Miguel will be there until 2 o'clock. Guaranteed. Very nice. We're going off the air. Where is it? 12, 12, 15. Ooh. That's excellent. But he will be there all the way until 2 o'clock because he's got to be. How's that? And if we don't have a decent dollar amount today, we're all going to get beat up tomorrow. Miguel, Josh and most especially me will get beat up if we don't get like close to a grand least over 500 bucks. I mean, let's just stay humble over here. If we don't get at least 500 bucks down there at that, at a high traffic area like that, then we're just, we're not going to hear the end of its tomorrow. All right. And don't just think about us because I know you're not going to think about us getting beaten the face by Neil, but that's not going to be entertaining past the first half hour, right? And you're going to get four hours of that tomorrow. So please go down there. It's four of the puppies and the cats to a band repat rescue. Great people that's a no kill animal shelter in Fort Lauderdale. Taken in dogs and cats, strayes even parakeets. Even duck build platypuses. Or is it platypie? If it's plural. I don't know. Do you know that they have a poison spike? Really look at that little thing and it doesn't look dangerous. They've got poison spikes on the back of their feet. On the back of their feet. On their back feet, they got poison barbs. They're poison. So, and they'll take them into. $20 gets you a CD. $20 gets you a t-shirt. $20 each. It's the 30th anniversary CD. Great stuff on there. Bits from the past. Bits that we were never able to play on the ear. Bits that have been banned from the air forever. Uncensored versions of bits that you've already heard on the ear. Bits we got fined for playing on the air and some new things to including like the moe, the doy, the gildy, you know, some of the good fresh bits that are on there too. A nice mix, a nut for you there. Put it in the car and oh, oh, almost forgot to say. Some outtakes from the show. Funny little moments. The Jamaican lady calling Neil the bridge tender for those of you who aren't tired of that yet. The scooting lady is on there. Neil does it just claim her at the beginning where he says, you know, all of the words several times. For those people who like to hear Neil curse, that's the first track on there. So, please, not only the frorcharity, but you get something too. You know, the CD is free with the $20 donation. And the T-shirt, the T-shirt, nice graphics, it's got the same album art. If you appreciate the show at all or the charity at all, go down there, contribute. I mean, we're not just going to ask for money. We actually give you something back. See Miguel, ask him to tell you his London Lee story. We look it up. London Lee. And so I was going to tell you that did you know that I walked away from a star. You know, he might never come back now. 71 was that his last broadcast appearance? This is true. He did. He did. He did. He showed with Johnny Carson. A movie called The Gamlor. And is that to Kenny Rogers movie? He was 70. Now 74. Kenny Rogers. Oh, look, we got a couple of grapes of wrath 1940, which I have not seen in Casablanca. 1943. I just got done saying I tried for the second time to watch Casablanca. As you said. Good God. Rick and in good Bergman and the Nazis and just snores Nor talking. QAM Hello. I'll check out parts of Rathom. I was asking where's the location for the, uh, what's the feedback today? I don't know. Go ahead, sir. Keep talking. Where's the location of the band today for the CD and the T-shirt? Yeah. 7701. This game Boulevard. Okay. All right. In Miami. And they're there until 2 o'clock, right? There will be there from 12 until 2. He's on his way there now. If he's not there now, he'll be there within minutes. Near minutes. You should be there already. All right. Thanks. You'll take you. You've been a nursery. I made a donation to Pet Rescue. God bless you. Yeah. Thanks. Also. 30 years. Right. And I gave $10 a year. You're just spectacular. He's worth more than that. Yes he is. Okay. Thank you. All right. That was nice. QM low. Hello. Hello. George. Collar. Um, when he's going to bring the band down a home set or a rental, rental, so I'm sorry. Yeah. Don't talk to me about that first of all. Uh, I'm sure Miguel is listening to you right now. And I'll, I'll, I'll tell him to take it under advisement. You know, my heart belongs to homes that in Lea, city and the Redlands because uh, that's where I spent my formative years down here. Right. But I have to acknowledge that it's the hinterlands. And people are relaxing to go down there. Down past the Kendall packing plant. There you go. That's the end of the day. Dude, the Kendall packing plant. I got blood on their cement. All right. All right. There, that my cracked my skull on their loading docs. Ha ha ha ha ha. I rode my bike through every square inch of that packing plant. There you go. Little on the night or nobody was there. Hey, if the management of Kendall packing plant is listening, y'all guys got a great sprawl in there. I really liked those little strips that you have over the refrigerated sections. And it was your night watchman, Clarence La Roy, would the third that let his punky stepchild run rampant through your factory in the middle of the night. While he was supposed to be protecting it. Oh, right. All right. But you might want to know. All right. Take it easy. Oh, and he also used to flop the time clock thing. You know, night watchmen, they have their time clock. They have to go to certain checkpoints and they have a special key in these checkpoints. And they stick the key in their little clock that they carry around and turn the key and that marks the clock on the inside. Now you're not supposed to be able to open that and your supervisor opens it and sees what time you turn the key at each location, each location has a different key. You following me? Gotcha. All right. Now what my stepfather would do? See, it would pick the lock on the clock. The lock clock. The clock lock. He would pick it. And then he would go to each location. And he would turn the key several times for each time that he was supposed to be there. He would line forward, click it, line it forward, click it. And do that at each location and then go take a nap, then go sleep. All right. So hopefully they have a better system now at the Kendall Avocado and Line packing plan. QA and hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing? How are you doing? Air. Amania. You're on the air right now. It's amazing. Cool, big. No waiting. Hey, what's that player around? Why didn't you get a star? I don't know what I was looking for. But I found this Canadian theory that's outrage. Called trailer park voice. That's one of SUDS' favorite shows I've seen. One episode, it was great. I want to see more. I keep forgetting when it's on. It's listed. It's on cable. It's on like me. You see America. Check it out. I'm wearing a download from line-mine. Oh, that's how much I'm going to. I'm going to check it out. I'm going to buy a story. Okay. With it. All right. Okay. Talk to you later. I'm out of my house. Take it easy. SUDS was all over that show. And I'm supposed to be watching it. And I'm not. Because I suck. QAim hello. Hey, you're a dad of the gun. How are you doing? I'm doing. How are you doing? I'm kind of deaf. I'm a small stuff stuff. I can't breathe, but other than that. Hey, you and me both were both married. So that's the answer to all the father. Right. I got way more young music than I even knew I had in this computer here. I don't know how I got in there. And young, he always put it in a little bit of a night. It doesn't flip right in there. It's pretty good. Sure. I got a very big fan on the 1930s and more of there. Rosie, I would agree with you with Casablanca. It's very... You know, I mean, it's good. That's the moment for the most part. It's definitely just the fastest. That's okay. But one of the movies you have at the beginning is a big sleep. The big sleep? The big sleep has hopped the bird garden in it. But it's a very, very good movie. And the most deep out in our apartment. Right. I said a little bit of that. I already saw how it ended. I highly recommend that. All right, Peter Lauren in that, isn't he? Please, good. What's that? Peter Lauren in that one? I'm sorry. I said have a great day. You too. I... That phone. What's going on with the phones? We're getting a lot of that. I don't know. And I'm wondering if it's us. You know, we don't... I mean, I have no control. I know. I don't know why it's doing that lately. And it didn't use to be like that. 16th, so far, on all Yani Radio 560, WQAM. Stadrink. And it over. I'm fine. I do this all the time. That's exactly why I'm not going to let you do it now. This man is a designated dialer. Let me just call her. I know. She still loves me. She doesn't. She's insane. Your drunk. And there's a restraining order. Give me your phone. When you are blind drunk, a designated dialer will keep you from calling crazy former girlfriends. Vitter XYZ. Or that but ugly freak who gave you her number right before closing time. Dude, who are I? I browse. Kind of hot. Give me the phone before you do someone you'll regret. Okay, here. You did the right thing. Be a designated dialer. Because friends don't let friends dial drum. I love you, man. About 1.5. So, five, 60, 20. By the way, that's the... We don't play the... Yeah. We don't play the... Same Patty's fetish scent. Oh yeah, well, I'm saving that up. I'm sorry. It's a song one. So I want to, you know, like the top of the hour kind of thing. Play the jingle again. By pattern, that's to be predictable. But I am... I'll be doing that. Don't forget Miguel, 12 o'clock. He might be there already. Yeah, I think he'd be getting reports. Grand Opening of Advanced Auto Part 701. This came Boulevard of Miami, CDs, T-shirts, and stories. Stories about his brush with greatness yesterday. With a grizzled sun-fried British widget. QAM Hello. I should read this poll. Should I? QAM. QAM Hello. George? Hey. Oh, the boy. Are you doing? Subatement. Listen, uh, I just want to let you know that, uh, your voice got parallel. Yeah? You've got a spot open, uh, how were the series radio? Yeah, we know. Yeah, I'm an A, man, off the chain, man. The guy on censor is like, whoa, man, you don't censor this. It wasn't pretty. He wasn't very sensitive on the air. And that's why he, uh, you know, he's not working with. When you, when you actually get to listen to the beat, I did a lot. And I got to listen to him on censor a lot. Off the road, you can know what I mean. And I make that every day. If you think you, uh, you like series radio? Big sound like a part of the world. I've never heard it. I mean, I, I don't, I take that back. I was at a card dealership once. And, uh, you know, they had that little display radio right there. We were doing an appearance and we're right next to the display radio. We got to write the, uh, the series one and the XM one. But I don't, I don't have one. So. And what is it? What's your channel for it? It is because you're not because, well, because, uh, number one, a cost money, number two, it costs money. Uh, yeah, it costs money. But you're paying also, remember you got a few payments for a program. No, I, I, I, I, I don't have a personality. Uh, I understand, but see, uh, first of all, I'm, I'm a fan of local radio because I like to hear people talking about what's going on in my town, call me a fashion, if you will. Oh, no. And I, I know, I know they got some, uh, some music channels on there and everything like that. But I spend a lot of time listening to CDs. For example, I started the show talking about how I listened to a lot of stuff that people send in and we get music people like, uh, like the real labels sending in real boxes of CDs. So listen to CDs a lot. So, no, no, no. Have I used to listen to you guys a lot on a screen? Should I buy my series radio? Yeah, there's no reason. I said that. I don't know. I don't know. I understand. Fairly turned off. Because just a problem. I'm not. I'm not. No, I understand. Yeah. I've seen a series radio never listened to, uh, Tresco Radio again. I can remember. Yeah. Here, my amy also. I know. I'm not. Real radio. What the hell? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not on this. And only. For all great, and Tresco Radio sucks. Never, never. Yeah. By series radio, never listen to Tresco Radio again. Absolutely. Right? No, here. Right. The point sucks. There's absolutely no reason to listen to, uh, AM or FM ever, ever again. Now that series and XM are on there, okay? And be sure to call back tomorrow. And we'll spend five minutes promoting satellite radio over what we're doing for, you know, maybe we'll do it for 10 minutes tomorrow. What do you think, Josh? QAM alone. Hey, QAM alone. QAM alone. Oh, great. That's right. Hello. Hi, Paul. QAM alone. George, are you fine? How are you? I'm terrific. Because you're running connection. I heard it guy. Hey. I heard it guy call while I go. I would, uh, like for there to be something going on down there. But see what's going to have to happen. Is someone or someone will have to convince Miguel that there is enough of a desire. There's enough of an audience down there that area to war at the bench, slumping all the way down there. Well, a couple years ago, the last thing you put out of a disc, uh, they were at a, uh, all the fly was advanced all the way. I mean, run on a highway. And then traffic was a mess because everyone was stopping in there. Really? Yeah, I was a zoo. Okay. I don't know how many dollars it did. But I mean, when I stopped in there was like 10 people in the front of me in line. I'm all for it. But it's not my decision. I'll put my plug in for it. How's that? Okay. Well, put my plug in too because I met Miguel down in, uh, and homestead one afternoon when he got to the bench. His homestead enough of a compromise to satisfy leisure cities, redlands. Well, the last time there were down this way. Man, uh, yeah, the last time we down this way, they were actually in, uh, I guess it was like, the ranger. Parker, go right there by the fake jet. No, no, no, no. Father and work in that. Really? Yeah, the last time you see, I think he was down about, uh, they 268, three in a highway. Okay. And homesteads like three in a street. All right. And I've got to go. Here's that Miguel. Yeah, Miguel. Listen up. Homestead wants you. All right, man. All right. It's easy. It's a matter of fact, if it's season, you know, you could bring back some, uh, more of those sticky, send abouts from Nostory. He's sticky, he. Yeah. Yeah. He. He way him, hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, George. Hi. Any, um, I heard that caller earlier talking about a nine one one. Yes. I have a crazier story than that. I was in downtown Miami doing deliveries. And I was sitting at a stoplight and you can play. Look, I'm hitting the back by the PC cruiser and the guys just took off. Oh, yeah. It's a nice. And then, uh, exactly. And I called nine one one. To, uh, you know, have an officer just passed the file report. I wait there for like an hour and a half. And, uh, I get to do myself on rings. And it's nine one one calling me to tell me that we can't dispatch any officers to file report with you at this time. I'm liking the entire county of Dave. He can't get it. I, I, I, I, I like three cops pass down this road. Right. Last 20 minutes. So I have to line up going to the police department and filling out a. That's the way an accident report. Great. I mail with the tele-happy. Basically doing the officers. Yeah. So I'll clear this. Murdered. Murdered. Murdered. Murdered. Murdered. Murdered. I got a lawyer to do about the red light runners. I mean, should I just, should I just get out of my car while they continue to flow through the intersection with my police flashlight? Because I have one and just start smashing headlights as they drive by. We don't know far now. All right. Take a minute. You know, we took that poll and they came in dead last. What did they get? Like maybe two votes? I think maybe the numbers scared people. Or maybe people didn't know what we were talking about. Maybe we should have sculled it out a little bit better. You know, the 9-11 operator people. Because we were talking about the employees. Remember the poll who has the worst employees. And we put just 9-11 on there. Should we, we've put 9-11 in the parentheses. Emergency services. The people that you call. To help them identify what the hell we were talking about. I don't think it's so what it helped. He way of hello. Oh, I have a couple of movies from the 40, I think. Okay. And one of them, China Smith. China Smith. Yeah, I believe it was a guy named Dan Durier. He was an actor in it. And then there was a good one. We'll put me to sleep. Got something going on. These are just people wearing hats, walking and talking. 50. That's who. 50. 50. That's who. Is bigger for that movie. Next one. Oh, is 52. 52. Okay, well, I'm in an outpost in Malaya. We're doodly. And I don't know, you know, his real busy is army kind of movie. And there was people trapped in the Ford and the middle of the jungle kind of thing. We're looking. We're looking. Okay. All right. That was close with China Smith though. It was pretty good. My gosh, outpost in Malaya. Outpost in Malaya. It might have been Malaya, but I think it was Malaya. Oh, whatever. Just put outpost in Malaya. Here we go with the weird. Get back. The enemy music again. Oh, I forgot I was going to play me on. He like under us. We do the cab. Cowboys. There's to be our musical guests that I have. 52 also. Oh, I got no do your own fact checking before you call us again. Please spare Josh some effort. 4 till 12 on 560. Whoa, whoa. Uh, bow. You QAM. With lightning crisp speeds. The latest features and security, Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL and the dust. And right now, you can get on board for just now. 995 a month for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL15. And up to 100 times faster than dial up. Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video playing online games, but just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Graft City Radio Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you get macophied security tools, including so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what you'd be waiting for, start doing more faster than every four, sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 995 a month or two months. You'll wonder how you're managed without it. And date call 305 Comcast or in Broward 954 Comcast. Graft Pas 1iceps Korn Love the YouTube As older sorting with the happy CJ Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Goaz. Loads. It's safe ass day. We're drinking whiskey, cause it's safe ass day. We're getting real tips because it's safe ass day. I never thought it was wearing green because it's safe ass day. I'm in the pub. In a cinema by us on another round, cause you don't want to talk. And is it corn? Me being a retiree scrub. Since I've been saying it's corn, let's drink, got to learn all. You can tell me on the scene. A few scourine cream called in, sit to work. Got there at 19th. Two is a morning, there's one, and I'm gonna leave. I can tell you, I'm on March 17th. Don't try to act like you're really Irish today neither. If you're wondering being a pub all the time, so fun, I'll tell you about that. But first, would you be so kindest of buying me other points? And your shots, and if you're treating makeup at doubles. You know, it reminds me I wanted it to give London League a message in his native language. Bugger off, wanker, or bugger off, wanker. Nice. How's that? I got off. Might. I didn't even tell you, but I found a little hole in the wall bar. That's right by your, or in your neck of the woods. I wonder if you've heard of it, the fields. Never heard of it. No. It's an Irish bar. I like it. They got a guy with a bagpipes, a lady singer, and I'm got on violin. No, no, I mean, like real people. Oh yeah, they're all from Brooklyn. I mean, from the outside, this place looks like a shack. Right. Inside's big. They got on the edge there. The lady who waited on us was from double. They said it up. Dude, the best beer I've ever had. It's fail. No. American Smith wicks, but as a person, we say, Smith. Smith. I get it. And they, they're lying in front of the head like the Prologue. Do they have the Irish brog on? I didn't see any of that action. Because you know how I love the Irish music. Like the, the folkier, the place for you. You're pretty, you're folkier, the better. I like the modern, drop kick, Murphy's in Flagan, and I like the old, old, traditional stuff. That's like Irish. This is actually like very, very, very. No, yeah, we're all of it. I like the Irish. Every, I love the Irish man. I know I'll go and see and hates the Irish. You want to hear him say it? If you must. Here, just, I hate the Irish. I'll take his portion. How's that? Because I love, I love, I love the Irish. You know, get this, I'm hanging with my friends. Then I got two Irish friends, both Dudley and Silent Sam or Irish. Silent Sam? Yeah, he doesn't say much. So, really, I thought he was a toddler. You remember service merchandise? No, wait, wait before Jay and Silent Bob. Yeah. When we met Silent Sam, he came and is a pair with a friend of, like, he was a friend of this other guy that we met. And Silent Sam never said anything. Like the other guy always did the talk and foreign. So, I didn't, I thought the guy was a mute for a while. Like, do I sign to him? You know, do I, how do I communicate with this guy? And then the friend went away and all of a sudden, you know, Sam found his voice. But just to every once in a while, when he needs to say something like, you know, he's that hitin' things like that. But the other day, we're hanging and I notice, you know, we hang out a lot and they don't drink as much as I would expect to an Irish person to drink. And I said, play that bit for him. Right. And I said, get this, you'll think this is funny. Maybe. I said, you know, y'all are the pair of the y'all of a couple of the driest Irish men I've ever known in my life. And they're like, wait a minute. I said, no, it's just that me what's in a while, you're having a beer. How Irish is that? That's not very, but makes you guys Irish, except for your last names. And then look at each other and got all puffy in the chest, you know? Ran out and got some beer. Immediately, it's like, we'll show you. Well, we're not Irish. So it's like a challenge there. We don't like beer. Watch, we'll drink two at a time here. Get a smithx, right? So let's set that up. Let's go over there. Yeah, I want to be more of a writer in the neck of the woods, man. Little hole in the wall. I'm pretty great. Beautiful. That was seamless. QA, hello. Yeah. How are you doing? How are you doing? Don't forget Miguel right now. 7701. This came below our grand opening of advanced auto parts of the T-shirts and CDs by some. Yes, sir. I'm there. You're there now? No. Oh. So while I was fast. Well, I'm getting there when I ain't there. I'm 40 movies. Do you remember mission citizen came? Oh, please. There's a word in between. Oh, and please. Oh, you need to be a little buff. It was ground, Bryce. Citizen came. All right. They, they broke the ground to put the camera in the hole. The cinematography was great. But what the most overrated movie in the history of the universe. First of all, it's not a movie. It's a, it's a mockumentary. It has no plot. It's just a mockumentary. It's just, it's just an, and granted the guy had it come in. But it's just Orson Wells attack on this guy. Yeah. Yeah. So, and great. Congratulations. Orson, you attacked this guy. Who was a big dog. What's his name? What was his name? I can't think of it right now. The real guy is, the real man. That's right. I forget when he was calling. No, I forgot to. And I watched that after everybody said, Oh, the greatest American movie ever made. God awful boring, a mockumentary where they're just, there's no plot. It's just a, a narrator saying, you know, this and then this and now this. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, but just teens. I'm not sure the year on this one, but how not to kill a mockingbird. I don't think it was 40s, but we'll check it out. Yeah. All right. That's, that's, that's an acceptable. I will, I will give that movie a good. But what remains to be seen is whether or not it was a 40s movie. Okay. All right. Okay. I don't have to crazy if the intro. Don't worry about it. That's right. When they won. Yeah. Well, so, but see your job. I see two. That's not even close. Not even close. And I went through the same thing. See movies that I thought were 40s movies that I was making long. Just because they were black and white. So I just automatically thought they were 40s movies. Turn out not to be. Like the day the earth stood still. Turn out to be 50 something. Which you, you still haven't seen. I'll work on it. Don't, don't, don't go break it a sweat. Just fail safe. Just catch up on that. Finally. Because it's, it's tense. But see the thing about like, movies started in the 20s. Really rough, right? And there's a camp quality to watching those old silent movies and stuff. And like, metropolis. You ever see the original metropolis? And they're actually in a silent movie in my life. Really. Well, I think I've got the original metropolis. But I'm still trying to get the, the splash up spritz stop version, which is the one to see. They kind of splashed it with color and put a modern soundtrack to it. And that is called a watch. It's kind of like a movie that's a music video. And it's very cool with 80s music. Hmm. It's cool. And all of the music is good. But the original is interesting too. And then in the 30s, they made a lot of movies and talkies started in the 30s. But get this before the haze office. And I think maybe because, and this is just theory. Maybe because they didn't really have it down yet. The assembly line movie making process. You know what I mean? It wasn't a formula yet. They didn't just have it down like, okay, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, That every movie that they made was more or less unique. It's like a bit of a story between a handmade car and a factory made car. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So there's all this roughness to it. And the screeniness and the women weren't wearing any bras and they're being melodramatic. And there's a certain charm and a camp quality to those movies. And they're different. And there's there's an actual story there. I'm talking about the 30s movies. And gone with the wind was 39. Which was in color. So I don't know how everything in the 40s was in black and white or how that happened. I'm not sure. But then the 40s hit. And the wife watches all these 40s movies. And it's like, oh, they're all the same. They got the same freaking pattern. The matter where it hats and those ugly ass suits. You know the ones that talking about with the cancer really tight. Very square. The hats are down over one eye. They're drinking and smoking and talking and walking. Walk in while they're talking. Or somebody will come in from the scene from the left and somebody will come in from the right and they're walking and talking. And then over all of it. The tortured cat violence. And then over all of it. Which by the way, we've seen that stars. And as the scene as somebody will deliver line. And they're all the same. So by the way, what? No, I was just going to say that's what really annoyed me about these past awards. When someone came up to give a speech. They have this a happy, a smooth line. Yeah. I just, oh, yeah. You want to get one of the gag. You know, they're going on about for 15 minutes with this. Yeah. And it's just like, oh, what are they trying to do? No, no, no. And I know it's just like clothes and music and we go through our phases. And 10 years is about, right, you know, like you got the 70s has a sound and a fashion associated to it. Right, you know, nothing. There is an overlap and going on. But you got the 80s thing and you watch the VH1. We love the 80s and stuff like that. And it breaks down with the 40s. The 40s was in a trotest time. Sorry, with all due apologies to Boca-Bron in my wife. It was a, it was an atrocious time. A bad, bad product. Why does Boca-Bron like 40s? I don't know. I don't know. He just didn't know. I'm going to ask. So I'm going to, you know, I don't know. Now the Alfred Hitchcock movies. When the whole were those made because they were good. I know he made some of the 40s. And I got the whole collection and home. I got to watch it. The old collection that he let me. But I think something the Alfred Hitchcock movies that we like a lot were like 50s and 60s. So even that says still hanging out there. Q. W. M. Hullo. George. Yes. A. Two stories for you. Okay. Oh, you remember the phone thing again then? You were talking about that one after later. Yeah. Yeah. A horrible experience. And I was trying to be a good Samaritan. I was trying to catch the super people moving through Miami. And that's a good report. It moves stupid people. Yeah. Well, they, the stupid elevator got to spin. I called 911. I said, you know, because you're emergency buttons on the Metro move. That's what she's working. I called it up and I do that. What's the address to the people who are stationed? And why you can't miss your trailer? I mean, you're physical address at the Metro move. Right. And then the lady hung up on me. I'm about to do like I just did because we got phone problems. And I don't know why. We turned all our monitors down here. And the studio because I thought maybe it was my monitor with the open microphone here. And it wasn't. It turned it all the way down. And I could still hear it coming from Josh's room over there. The same feedback was still going on. Wasn't a Josh. Yeah. So I don't know what's going on with our equipment. Or if there's something in our vision that shouldn't be on the board or something. I hear it when kneels on, when kneels not on. We have no pots open. That shouldn't be open here. And still we're having the stolen feedback problem. And it sounds like hell. That was line nine. I'm keeping a little mental list of what's going on down here. I don't want to spend all day long on the 40s movies. Remember when we come back? Because we got a couple movie reviews. I already did a good night and good luck. Haven't talked about Munich yet. And both of us got to share our feelings about Napoleon's night and night. 12, 12, on 5, 60 QAM. And what's the width you'll go from a spoke? The following conversation is real. It took place between a mob star customer and a mob star representative. Moth star, are you doing? Are you doing? Listen, I got a problem. You remember that thing? You'll mean nothing with our friend. Yeah. Well, not for now. What he's kicking his screaming in the trunk. I think he's going to bring the heat down on me. You want some bolster take care of him. But boy, you want to stay? Oh, I popped him three pies. What if my party's going to go like a bowling ball to die? All right, shut up. I've got to see your location. Is that bombed a lot under the bridge? Yeah, so yeah. So I'm going to roll over to a trunk. Why you go back there? And pop three more slugs in there. And so the job is done right. All right. All right. It's done. Good. Turned like it had north. My star always there always ready. Capiche. Hey, hey, thanks, my star. Hey, forget about it. No problem. Here's a fact from Mark George. The problem with the 40 films is half a decade was eaten up with World War II, which produced a lot of bad hokey films. And the reaction that came out to the style of cinema later held film noir. Yeah, not all about it. These films send to the view hard, moral, and cynical, not hokey at all to the best are double and definitely 1944, which I've heard of. Don't ask for what I heard of it. One of the best to the genre was Fred McMurray, and Barbara Stanwick, I hate her as murderous lovers, awesome ending, and also out of the past 1947 Robert Mitcheman. Kurt Douglas both are undone by an unbelievably hot ten fatale Jane Greer. She's just incredible in this film of these movies don't do it for you. Give up on the 40s. I'll take care of your facts, Mark. And, you know, go looking for these. Terrier way. Not going to rush right out. It's not something that really bugs me about them, and it's not a big deal, but it's just common to all of the movies. And they have no excuse because they've already been making movies for a long time at this point. And I don't know if you ever noticed this Josh, and let me just set up one of the one of the typical scenes, and you can apply this to pretty much all of them. The chick is going to shoot the guy that she just caught cheating or something, or the guy told the chick, he doesn't want to marry her or be around anymore. So she pulls out her girl gun. They all, all the girls had guns in these movies. They're all pretty in shiny. So I throw them all in the ball. And they hold it like this. They hold it. If the audience would just look at how I'm holding my gun right now, that's out. That's straight out the way that you would hold a gun. And I know that they knew how to shoot in those days. And somebody in Hollywood had to know that that's not how you hold a gun, but they hold it up close to their chest. And then they squeeze the trigger and you hear the gun sounds. There is no smoke. There is no kick. There's no nothing from the gun at all. To show you the viewer that it's being fired. They show the guy getting shot. There is no bullet entry effect at all. Just the guy goes, like, just like, plushes his chest like somebody punch them in the chest. And he falls over. You know what I'm talking about? And they're holding the gun and letting it like, and that's every single freaking movie that they have a gun. And it doesn't matter whether it's a guy holding the gun or the girl holding the gun. But it's especially disturbing when it's a girl holding it because like if a chick is going to shoot a gun. You're going to see a kick. It's like, come on. Hello, actor. Act like you just shot a gun. Kick it up in the air a little bit. No, no. Yeah, they just squeeze the trigger. There's nothing coming out. You know, just end in the guy falls over. It's like, why are you even bother with the prop department? Bring it a gun. You know, why not just have the finger out and just pretend it's a gun? So speaking of movie review, some unique. And since it was Steven Spielberg, I'm going to give it a thumbs down. You know what I mean? He has no excuse for making a movie like this. Steven Spielberg knows how to make movies. And it was someone who has established that they know how to make a movie. I don't allow them to make bad movies afterwards. He did, he did ET, right? He did Freak and Shindler's List. So he knows how to make a movie. He knows how to paste them. See, this is what would be a good movie. Important subject matter. He treated it fairly. He got both sides in there. He brought off some issues. Eric Banner did a great job acting. They had some really gritty violent scenes. They did the way that they did it was good. Like they did the whole Munich event. They portrayed that in flashback fashion as well. I'm trying to say through my deathhead. The movie actually starts with the the Munich event had just happened. And the Israeli government is getting this kill squad together to go after the terrorists that killed the Olympians, the Israeli Olympians. And so there's moral dilemmas and everything that come up. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They go hunting these guys down and killing them. Which they do. And is there really so of course. And then they're showing the actual Munich event in flashback form periodically throughout the movie. So by the time the movie ends, you've seen the entire Munich event with the helicopters and the blowing up and the shooting the hostages. A lot of gritty violence in the movie. And between all the gritty violence and these violent scenes and not all of them were done correctly. Some of the scenes take place at night and the pictures who dark and you can't really tell what's going on. And is this one of the good guys shooting one of the bad guys and who's shooting at this? Who's that guy there? You know what I mean? Like they didn't spend enough time setting up who this particular clown was? It's like wait, who's this guy shooting? And who's this guy he shooting at? And there were some scenes that were just too confusing. That's not the bad part of the movie. The bad part is and just like in good night and good luck. Every time there's a conversation the movie grinds to a halt almost backwards. Like you can't, these guys can't have a conversation and make it snappy. These guys can't have a conversation where the scene is edited. No, no, it's got to be drawn out and slow talking and really quiet and really morose and just taking forever to get to the point. What do you mean? Like I'm kind of the way I'm talking right now. Interest person there. So like you're trying to like this movie and you're interested in the story and what's going on. But you've got to just endure these long, slow, conversation scenes. And for someone like Spielberg to deliver that it's an excuseable because you know how to make a pre-con movie Steve. But what does that have to do with Napoleon Dynamite? And how I want to curse all of the clowns that called up and suggested that movie to me. Because there's been more than one, not just the people that called on the show but people in my life and said, hey, you've fully denied Dynamite is funny and they knew it was an epitemic. Yeah, people are in the same world. Same thing happened to you. I totally agree to, oh, Napoleon Dynamite funny. It's like I understand where they were going. I understand what they were trying for, but they failed miserably. All right. Halfway through this movie I'm thinking and going like, all right, when is the movie going to start? Yeah, okay. I'm set up. Here's this character and here's this friend. All right, I'm set up. You all are already established. This is the geeky guy and this is his geeky being a friend. Okay. All right. I understand that now when, when is the movie start happening? When does something start happening? When does something call any happened? Okay. I kept asking myself something funny would be good or something something would be good. Something like an event. When does something happen other than these guys moving from one location to another? Talk in about nothing. All right. Because basically was just once he left or another with dudes talking about nothing. That is all that that's a movie. That was it. And then the credits roll and there was then any did an amusing dance. Yeah. He went out on stage and danced and that was cute. Not cute enough to cause my mouth shape to change. In other words, from from just you know, where it normally sits at rest. Right. I know. I'll slack jawed with drool coming out of it. I didn't curl a lip. I didn't, you know, break a half smile. None of my face skin wrinkled at any point during that movie. And I, you know, I don't know why you but I, I've asked the people that claim that it's so great. Two questions. One, what is so great about it? Mm-hmm. Okay. And you know, anybody can answer that. And and two, what's funny about it? Right. What is like, I watched with my friends, they start dying. I was like, I wasn't. I wasn't crocheting or playing a video game at the same time as this movie. I, you know, I was in bed and I was just watching it and nothing. And it was like like a, I might have well, might as well stare at the blank screen. Yeah. TV. I might as well watch the much music channel, you know, the song plays and they got little artists information coming up. That would have been time better spent. I'm watching the polio and freaking dynamite. And with a name like that, talk about me thinking the wrong thing. I'm thinking that at some point, they're going to make this guy over, right? Something, the Mexican and his friends are going to, are going to pump this guy out, right? Something is going to happen. This was a movie where nothing happened all the way through. And in my opinion, there was nothing funny. There was nothing funny. There was no, it's like they shot a lot of film. Yeah. And there was a lot of words written. And it didn't start anywhere. And it didn't go anywhere, but it took a long time getting there. QAM hello. How are you doing, George? How you doing? Here we go with phone fun again. George, I have four screens. I have been for you from the 40s. And I heard you talk about his first American release. It was in a 40. It's entitled Rebecca here. See that film? No, I don't think so. Good stuff. The treasure is here. My page is a wonderful film. Okay, it's Westerns. How about the era? I've been on you for months to watch that one. The era? Yeah. The era? Did it wear hats in that? This is the era. It's with Montgomery Cliff and Olivia Diablo and she won the best actress. Montgomery Cliff isn't either one with a light bulb head. Big bulbous forehead. Montgomery might have had looks like the cliffs of Dover. No, I don't think I think it would be because her have somebody else. And one movie that's just the United States is Red River. There was the River, heard of it or seen it? I heard of it. Is it another Western? Yeah, but the classic. I've sort of got the good one. Turn the bad ones. All right. Is it better than outlaw Josie Wales? No comparison. Really? It's a classic film with John Wayne among Montgomery Cliff. You've never seen outlaw Josie Wales? Watch the movie. Did you see Shane? Different. Different type of scene. I just see Shane. Now, come on. Man, right in down. Watch him. You haven't seen Shane? Once again? Shane? You've seen him back. Yeah, I know that I know the phones are bad. No wonder he never saw outlaw Josie Wales. I hope you was saying that outlaw Josie Wales was better. No, he wasn't saying that at all. That's what you thought. 1228 on 560. Can you hear that? A loan here from Yani. While you're cueing that up. WQAM. John the Baker has been around a time for a long time over 30. I'm 30 years in a few different locations. I believe North Miami worries to pick out there all the time. And now he's got two great locations for you. John the Baker is in Pembroke Pines at 125 92 Pines Boulevard. And he's also in the Cooper City at the corner Sterling in Pineau. Leave an AD 35 Sterling Road for take out in Pembroke Pines called 954-431-4315. And in Cooper City called 95-425-2091. The food is fresh delicious. We can be gigantic portions. And of course the prices are teeny and tiny so you can pick the whole family and time and time again. For truly great attending goodies and fantastic some of the best pizza you've ever had. It's John the Baker in Pembroke Pines and prestigious Cooper City. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. A lost solid. espaasmaley Why did you get that bunker? Parked up. Mav Obedra. And never ever as reckless you can find. OIN who I should hear as I go what the hell did we do don't keep this light on without hanging try to search on who she's a bully she's a bully yes I am who's a guy who she's a bully who she's a bully I've got you story you don't know that I need to a home to wait stop with all this matter but you must not go say she's a bully she's a bully I don't know that I need a bully you went play, she's a bully she's a bully and that's just a bully you're a bully you're a bully 1233 56WQM Miguel is at the van right now 7701 busking Boulevard at the grand opening of the Vans Auto Park C.D. T.S. shirts and a grand total of 220 220 we're only going to be on for like what 10 more minutes are change and we've got one more break in the middle of that so please since he's going to be coasting from this point out go down there now hear me now and drive down there later by the CDs by the T.S. shirts give them to people good stuff on there as an artifact it's a nice sampler this year reaching all the way back into the past the bridge tenders on there that's where 20 bucks have nothing else just so that we don't have to hear you requesting any more there it is play it to death where the groove out on the CD I know you can't but you can wear that out hey I got to get a movie for you if somebody has a copy this movie called the People next door get me a copy and I'll copy it and give it back to you because I'm watching this movie and I just realized the origin of the word groovy everything about it I guess not no we like it it's a good word right screwby that's groovy there's the original well not the original but wait a minute no no it was army of darkness that I thought was weak okay he will dead too I've seen 20 free can times man well he's dead in army of but he made it popular there I mean our army of darkness is obviously there attempt to milk milk the madness continue milking the success of evil dead too which was it's a classic I mean that's a keeper for the ages evil dead too funniest I don't know what you call that horror movie ever you know what I got so many purposes hysterical the hand thing I don't know which part I like best probably when he was fighting with himself was the craziest part of the movie where him in the hand we're going at it it was good yeah yeah it was movie so I'm watching this movie along time ago this groovy movie the people next door and the chick says when the parents confront her about her drug use and she pops off at them she says are you ready for this because I had not being a drug use I was bored in the 60s but I didn't you know talk because I was only bored in 64 so I didn't know the lingo back then so the chick says to the parents she says I've tried all the grooves even horse meaning heroin but as it's my scene because she's talking hippie talk right and I've all that I tried all the grooves then it hit me oh yeah grooves as in record grooves that's what they called drugs in other words whatever drug you were into that was your groove that was working in other words that was the groove that you followed like a needle follows a groove on the record you follow that the groove in the record is a wavy track you got that okay you're on drugs you're in a groove you're grooving if you're on if you're on drugs if you're say on an acid trip that's your groove you're into an acid groove that's what that met back then okay I can't I kind of knew that but I didn't really think it through so groovy meaning tie how do you like that everything's a free-cand drug reference I like it all based out all of that and I never really thought about it before but I was just thinking about that movie the other day because we've been thinking about movies lately and that's one that I got to get for you it's like one of the one of the first like anti drug movies at least of that period I mean I'm talking about the real ones that those refer madness ones are cocaine fiends not those historical laughing ones so I never did read meals poll the the desirable when the one let me do this in order who is the US living politician you would mar the most built-in for 125 I mean that's it I'll tell you why don't admire him the most he shouldn't lie about that monica thing I don't embarrassing bill I know that everyone lies about that kind of thing but look at what you would have avoided and what the nation would have looks like with the nation would have avoided if you just said yeah sure you know honestly I that's not what I thought you're gonna say well I mean I think it's small potatoes I thought you were gonna say I don't admire him because he got caught well I don't admire him because he has that taste I mean look at what Kennedy was this is true Kennedy had some great action going but I mean come on bill and especially if you're gonna get it into a ringer over that over that fact trick which which man's me I said I spent half hour here yesterday doing some things watching date my mom and one of the daughters was fat the guy didn't pick her which is too bad because he was a deal and I wanted him to pick the fat girl but he didn't and in the previous episode mom flashed him really so guess who he picked yeah yeah smart choice the daughter was even more phenomenal than mom but she said don't think that I'm gonna do that mean mom's the slut that's how I was born speaking of TV have you been watching drawn together the season yeah oh it was a really really stepped up one last these several steps beyond a lot of work was very hit or miss but they're not missing or not just off the hook they're there there no were near the hook man yeah they love the hook way behind it's great and if you just watch south part and drawn together right on after it it's a hand-compliant quality hour much like watching the daily show and the co-variant for congratulations because I watched the co-variant for where he did the decolberic code predicting the Oscar winners and he nailed five out of five wow yeah and so I watched the one last night where he was celebrating and reminding everyone that he got it right but my daughter actually reminded me right after the Oscars said by the way I don't know if you noticed co-variant called all those because she's a big co-variant cool and he did here's the old pole from yesterday who is the woman you most desire Jessica alba 211 a faxer did some research force remember I was asking what what is she's got a a tint to her right she's got a shade yes what is she oh yes you come from you want to know who she be she's Mexican French English Dutch wow yes combination they cocktail of all kinds of fun things but the the caramel color comes from the Mexican bean so there you go Jessica alba 211 followed by Halle Berry it's a good day to be that color 100 and there's 177 Angelina Jolie 148 Charlie's there on 130 Scarlett Johansson 122 thank you none I'm a straight female 74 none I'm gay 63 Natalie Portman 61 I hate this pole 57 even on Gory 49 Britney Spears 47 Jessica Biel 46 Selma Hayak 42 Jennifer Connelly had soft 32 Adriana Lima 31 Jenna James 26 Jessica Simpson 23 Pamela I leave a slime trail when I walked Anderson 23 Sandra Bullock your sweetheart 17 Catherine Zayda Jones and a cornacoba and Jennifer Tilly each got 15 Shakira and Paris Helping got 14 Maria Menudo 13 Jennifer Aniston 12 Vida Guerra 8 also Tyra Banks and Cien Miller got 8 Maria Sharpova and Jazeal my underwear is bunching 7 Monica Blue G6 Terry Hatcher Michelle 5 for also got 6 for each for Gillian Barbury most annoying person on the planet Gabrielle Union Naomi Watts and Pam Greer they all got 4 3 to William's 3 Emory 3 Janet Jackson 2 Michelle Rodriguez 2 ugly Molly Ringwald 1 and Eva Leroux got one out of 1,561 it is 18 So one game coming up very shortly at least Marlins on deck is coming up shortly Marlins in the Red Sox from Jupiter coming up at 105 Jim Manich after the game Panthers preview at 630 Florida Panthers in the Ottawa Senators at 7 o'clock at Kaplan after that game on WQAN Hey, I have to go on when you're shopping for shoes that's scandalous if you're going anywhere beside Brandy's because you're getting ripped off you're certainly not getting the deal you're going to get a brandy's and I couldn't Solution and you're certainly not getting the personalized care and treatment that you get a brandy's they treat your feet like gold man they find a little and they practically kiss them and your feet too and Brandy's professional shoefingers make sure you get a perfect customized fit every time at the right price of the top brands and business like rock port floor shine echo the fisto new balance essay us all the other top names Brandy's even special And why what's if you got biggerly fat feet Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place in town so don't forget that unbelievable combination That makes Brandy's heads and shoulders above the rest comfort style fit value and selections always brandy shoes and Brandy's you'll find it that same great location If you're going strong for about 400 years 1290 North federal highway and popular beach Brandy's open daily to line Sunday still five minutes week. They continue with that new balance deal It's a great time to buy new balances we get Brandy's because all great men's women styles are 10 to 20 bucks extra off So save a lot of cash by getting the rest in it this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com Goodbye world Get content in the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East Seriously okay, no money. We're good at making nice and Herring I need to check your cargo container very carefully I hear something big what have you got in it my friend What Come on My sports world when it comes to save four preparations We're Are you me coming soon next the con drug lord's will take over borders security and Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind sure What at 13 till one o'clock five sixty w q a more turtle out there at the van 240 All right, we'll take it please You That's the reason why Orange is there 1932 that's how the way I threaten you with So you know who people use to live a long time ago another dead They were out there Miguel is at the Grand Opening of the Advanced Auto Part 7701 Business full of art in Miami. He's got the CD he's got the T-shirts 20 dollars of he's Marlon's on deck is next And you guys with the stolen the pages out The mean it's step on you either If you don't want to say it, I will never know how you want to guys No, it's game time if there's an instrumental fellow The cool talks more What if we can say What if we can say We said what we also need a time he takes a note and close up to people They See like this The signal I'm saying this but I didn't know it's here You ever met this funny Reboomer It's man Of the 2016 Oh And you know you talking to that people man And you have that's what's easy And you ever met a funny Reboomer If you take the second thing you want to give you friends You know you talking to the Reboomer This is from 1913 You ever met a funny Reboomer If you ever met a funny Reboomer If you take one speedy spending But you won't tell me a landing Then you know you talking to that people man Just what you were about