New, God! Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq, and it's important to make this point at the outset. The President of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence. American soldiers and Marines serving an Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falset. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the President lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business, and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of the sub-subject life. The President and his administration ate our country and ate deliveries for which we stand. They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare, and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality. The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible. None of us should want it any other way. I'd be a movie very much. Too well, I'm right. Well, it's a press that's there here. It's given the President on a suit here from Dick. Anyway, somebody facts this in. Who keeps sending me this way in Madsen report? But don't stop. Yeah. Like Google the way in Madsen, he's an investigative urinalist based in Washington, he's seen. I say, he says, in form sources in Tallahassee of told WMR Wayne Madsen report that, Fadaz governor, Jeff Bush, was fully aware of, as representative Mark Folley's conduct with underage male pages. But sat on the information to protect Folley in another top zero pre-floor official. A 20-general Charlie Chris Gay, who was currently running for governor replace Bush. Today Bush said this meaning yesterday, he hadn't previously known about Folley's behavior with the pages before being informed by House Speaker, Fadaz Denny Hester and later day that October 1st. Bush said he was dismayed and shocked to learn about Congressmen Folley's unacceptable behavior. Oh my God. However, says the Wayne Madsen. According to our Florida sources, the FBI and Justice Department informed the Florida governor's office attorney general Chris and the Florida AG Child Protection Subber Crime Unit at least a year ago about Folley's predatory emails and internet messages. WMR was told that Chris conflict of interest in the case stems from Chris and Folley's involvement in Gay Sex Party, some of which took place during 2003 in front of the coconut grove. No. I don't believe that for a second. Do I? Yeah. No. I don't believe that for a second. Do I? Yeah. No. I don't believe that for a second. Do I? Yeah. No. I don't believe that for a second. Do I? Yeah. No. You fairly clean, Matt. But anyway, I'll be going right along. Here's some of the, let's get that bad news from Rackworth. The way, you know, it's all the stuff has gotten to Rack off the news and up there. Everything. What a wrap. First we had that shooting that Amish deal. And then of course we got Mark Foley with all kinds of salacious emails and instant messages. A suicide bomber, unleashed a blast and bagged that fish market today and two or yesterday and two she had families were found slain north of the capital as violence across the Rack claim that at least 52, so Mark that down for yesterday 52, not bad. The US military meanwhile announced that that's of nine more soldiers in two Marines of what's been a deadly period for American forces in Iraq, the announcement brought to least 15, the number of service members killed in fighting since Saturday. And this was yesterday. Four of the soldiers were killed and bagged that on Monday and separate small arms fire attacks and other four killed the same day in a roadside bomb attack and their patrol north west of Baghdad. The night died Sunday when his vehicle struck by a roadside bomb. The capital of this map is just talking to all where fly, Bob Sheeper would say. By the way, I've never turned that fish back on again, which one on CBS news. Oh, that bitch never turned that guy up. Listen, I think I have no interest. I'll take it like one since then. Here's our poll result from yesterday which best described as Miss Mark Foley. Pettophile, 526. Now let's see, wasn't the boozer was it the fact that he was molested by a priest as a child? Well, well-behaved. You know what? If Steve's dues were to set to another, we obviously, these two aren't flying. Nobody's buying these two. They'll have to be something else. I'm against a devil made him do it. But that's it. Hippocrite 486. Perfect 203. Great Republican 182. Crazy Fag 147. Stupid 111. Who's Mark Foley 81? 4.3% of our audience doesn't have a TV set. Old troll 52. A myriol troll? He said, don't call me Mary. 22. I hate this poll only 16. It's 0.8% that's like the number they have at night across the street. Desperate 16 and careless 13 out of 1855. Democrats lead in races for 111.15. Crucial Republican L.D. West seats in the house. A month before the elections of 7. Let's see, yesterday was Tuesday the third so it's like five weeks from yesterday. It's election day. Putting the Democrats within reach of season control in the chamber according to Roya's army polls released today. Republican incumbents are in particularly high-risk polls found with seven of nine treading their Democratic challenges in the high-stakes battle for control of the West Congress. But let's judge the agman will come up with something you'll see. Believe it be about Kaffron Harris and there'll be something come up. Now, this is a classic example of your hard tax dollars hard at work or somebody was hard. Former Congressman Mark Foley interrupted a vote on the floor of the House in 2003 to engage in Internet sex with the high school student who would serve as a congressional page according to new Internet instant messages provided way we see news by former pages. ABC News is now obtained 52 separate instant messages changes which former pages say were sent by Foley using the screen name M.A.F. 54 to two different boys under the age of 18. This message was stated April 2003 to approximately 7 p.m. according to the message timestamp. Now, I'm not going to read this on here again like yesterday and you're going to open all the fans of mother. Foley, I miss you. Team, young me too. Foley, we're still voting. You miss me too. The exchange continues in which Foley on the teenager both agreed to describe having sexual orgasms. Foley, okay, I better go vote. You would have this effect on me. Team, laugh out loud. I guess, team, you go vote. I don't want to keep you from doing your job. Our job. Foley, can I have a kiss? Good night. Team. How do you spell them? Well, you have to see it. Just like it says. Oh. The House voted that evening on HR 59 emergency wartime supplemental appropriations. This is for the war in Iraq. But, of course, Miss Foley hit in the right bed. Vote on the floor of the House to go take care of business. Another, according to another message, Foley also invites the team and a friend to come to his house near Capitol Hill so they can drink booze. Well, he didn't have a drink in problem. Maybe he just didn't have enough drink in buddies. But, buddies, team are you going to be in town over the Veterans Day weekend. Foley, I mean, I mean, be not at your coming. Who you coming to visit? Team, ha ha good stuff. No, no one really. Foley will be adjourned by them. Team, oh good. Foley. By then we can have a few drinks. Foley, laugh out loud. Team, yes, yes. Foley, you're not old enough to drink. Team. Foley, okay, team, that's how my ID says. Team, laugh out loud. Foley, okay. Team, I probably shouldn't be telling you that, huh? Foley, we may need to drink at my house so we don't get busted. As if he didn't know that he was underrated to begin with. Right. So what's worse, the fact that he wants to do a little number on this kid or the fact he wants to booze him up a little. Well, you know, he wants to booze him up first a little bit and see what develops. I'll suicide track, bomber attacks and rakey army headquarters in Ramadi, just in. I'm certainly not news that work. Oh boy, Carol, I'm a sweaty pressed. Speaking of all this, uh, Henkey Spanky going on, a sacred document which sets out a procedure for dealing with child sex abuse scandals with no conflict church is examined by BBC's Panorama. Crimin, Solicitation Testiomas was enforced for 20 years by Cardinal Joseph Razzinger before he became the Nazi Pope. Crimin, Solicitation Testiomas. It instructs bishops in how to deal with allegations of child abuse against priest and has been seen by few outsiders. Critics say the documents been used to evade prosecution for sex crimes. Crimin and, of course, your buddy Bill William Donahoo was on one of the top of his teeth were just, I thought his teeth were going to pop out of his mouth and he was just, you be in spitting blood. It was written in 1962 in Latin and given the Catholic bishops worldwide who are ordered to keep it locked away in the church's safe. It instructs them how to deal with priest who solicits sex from the confessional. It also deals with any obscene external act with the use of either sex. It imposes an oath of secrecy on the child victim to priest dealing with the allegation and the witnesses. Breaking Metoth means excommunication from the Catholic Church. Reporting for Panorama, Colm Oguorman finds seven priest which had to be allegations made against them living in an around Vatican city. One of the priest father Joseph Han has been invited on 13-Malstation charges, Brough Bagrandger in the USA during filming for 6 grams in the Vatican, Colm finds father Helm is finding extra distance in order from inside the headquarters of this religious order in the Vatican. The Vatican has not compelled him to return to America to face the charges against him. Maybe the spirit of Christ will compound to do it. Come home to do what? Return to the US to face the music. Oh good. After filming father Helm lost his fight against the expedition but fled the headquarters and is believed to be hiding in Italy while there is an international warrant for his arrest. Colm Oguorman was raped by a Catholic priest in the diocese of Furns and County Westerod Ireland when he was 14 years old. A sound like Miss Foley. Father Fortune was charged with 66 counts of sexual indecent assault and other serious sexual offense relating to eight boys but he committed suicide on the eve of his trial. Colm started an investigation with a BBC in March 2002 which led to the resignation of Dr. Brendan Kamiski, the bishop leading the Furns diocese. I think he wants to name the city, after that priest. Dr. Kamiski. Colm then pushed for a government inquiry into Wood's led to the Furns report. There was published October 2005 and found a culture of secrecy and fear of scandal that led Bishop to place the interest of the Catholic Church ahead of the safety of children. The Catholic Church has 50 million children in its worldwide congregation and no universal trial protection policy although in the UK there is the Catholic office for the protective children and vulnerable adults and some countries this means that the crime and solicitation illnesses the only policy followed. The Vatican has refused to repeat a request from Panorama to respond to any of the cases shown in the film. We missed it. We showed October 1st Sunday October 1 on BBC 1 while we did a little bit of a mistake. He took keep an eye peeled for it. Between the Catholic Church and of course, Ms. Foley says he was molested by a minister. Of course, it has to be a priest and Foley sounds off. Irish Catholic to me. I like it. That's right. So that must be the excuse. That must be why he's got the hospital for 16 year old pay to her to give you a pass. That's right. There she is. Well, Foley or the attorney provided you more information. Be more background on the allegation of molestation and I guess the problem of that is is he blaming the molestation for his behavior with the pages and what do you think? He answered that first. No, he's not blaming that for his behavior with the police. He's putting an advice. He's a coincidence. That's, you know, here at first blush the day after these announcements that a lot of the reaction that's coming out is it's just not fair. It should not have been handled this way that if they were going to say that he was molested by a clergyman that in all fairness, the name should have been revealed and that was not revealed. And Mr. Roth said that he had hoped that Mark Foley would in 30 days or so himself addressed that. Right here again addressed that issue and shed more light on it. But there were no. The drinking thing that didn't work and now the molestation by the priest, I don't think that's working too well. So what do you think it's going to be today? Possessed by the devil. The devil made him do a foul, he's worked. The biggest name. So, this is how I was doing. It's the O'Rotchers. For Shredio 560. You, hey, hey, hey. Want a lollipop little boy? Eh, uhhh, da, da, da, da, da, th, da na That shut up to be, eh. If magic had were stolen, that's shaked by a funds which I didn't know God meant for... so he could kill the devil. In a demon of peace. And you did not say that you could pact with a kind of true Martin Luther reached the top of the ANNPU. To get out of the picture, To the film, that crowd fought for you And I'll be there Oh, yeah, yeah That TV's very good Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah I'll be there, I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there Oh, yeah, yeah I'll be there I'll be there And I'll be there And I'll be there He took the car to the floor, and round the ground up, and found it back, and found it back, and found it back, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it that, and found it out, and found it, and found it out, and found it out, and found it out, and found it down, and found it, and found it out, and found it found. How many times can the other day have a egg on your face, Kwang was caught there! and found it isn't severe, if they say you might. They're also made by ambitions, I was just a 8-photo. Oh, no. Anyway, mad dog is two of the power hour with Hank in a mad dog together for the five, the hump or Hank Goldberg for the seven, the beast and Jesse between seven and ten, ed.k. it's a ten o'clock. How that the panthers preseasoned struggle with guilty last night, anybody hear that? I'm sorry. Here's today's pool and thanks to the listener's synthesis and somebody facts this in. Oh, if you could keep your federal tax dollars from beast spend on anyone I to what would it be? We got 1135 vote. The war in Iraq that was my vote, 430. But turn in man. Tax exemptions for religious organizations. I was sent to vote for that, but that was vote for them all. That was my vote. I'm sure it was. He've been bastard. That's great. Some cities were energy companies, 147 matching funds for a political campaign, 79, 4 and 8, 71. Due to the UN, 34, public service announcements like just say no or abstinence is best or keep it in your pants, 21. The space program, 21, and national missile defense, the Sillament davente only come out of 1100 plus votes. So thanks whoever sent that in. You can let Eric know that the pool for tomorrow is, uh, it's, you know, there. Okay, go on to change it now. But I'm just saying, sir, because I'm sure you'll take care of that later on. Sure, if I don't make a real, early return with the odds and money from wood by whatever you want. Unlikely. A CNN pool released yesterday puts tangible proof to something that most of us already knew that the majority of the American people are clued in enough to understand that George W. Bush has deliberately misled the nation about how things are going in our rack. Oh, it's going slowly. We're flying a September 29th to October 2nd pool commission by CNN showed that 58% of Americans said the administration has misled the public about progress in the war in our rack. And they have anywhere the Bob Woodward book yet. The Urva. I'm got to get. Do you suppose to remind me to go get it? Oh, I forgot. Can't go get it today unless I leave now because I got to leave a two o'clock for you know, where the pool also showed that despite ongoing chest thumping by team motion, they're ridiculous assertions that they made a American safer most American 57% also believe the war is made the US less safe from terrorism. But I'll tell me the public is getting like smart like Fredo. The pool comes on the heels of the release of Bob Woodward's new book, stated in the island, which would it don't let me forget to get that. All right. In which Woodward gives evidence that Bush ignored warnings from military officials about the strength of the Iraqi insurgency in the danger post US troops and continues to lie about how well things are going there despite contrary news and opinion from our with his own administration. And that's really interesting that the media is in a foaming feeding frenzy about the fully thing. And they should be and did any has to cover it up in today. Other Republicans lie in yaday yaday yaday yaday and shimkist of this and Reynolds did that. But in the meantime, we got this we're going on based on lies in which thousands of people are dead and they're like, uh, you know, who cares? Right? Right? What's that kind of to do with sex and body parts? Lowerly. A lot of body parts all over the country there. Other pool findings include the following opposition to the war in Iraq remains high with 61% of the public say they are posing the war. Another recent pool done by CNN that showed that 65% of respondents think Iraq is currently engaged in a civil war. Abe Lincoln would be embarrassed. He'd have a gun his face. A lot of egg going around here. That can't stand it. I do like our. So. Yeah. Sounded. 66% say they disapprove of the way Bush's handling the situation in Iraq. Of likely voters, 53% say they're vote for a Democrat congressional candidate next month, 42% said the vote for a Republican. And according to this article, it says the most amazing results of those showing Bush's job approval ratings is highest 39% Bob Gagger says I'm still investigating reports that the same genius level 39 for simply but Jessica Simpson should replace Donald Rumsfeld a secretary of defense. You got to say right. I agree with that. Could she do a worse job? No. At least you put a nice face to it. And yeah. Thank you. All of this couple of recent polling showing that the vast majority of Iraqis want to market a leave in their country and the stouting results showing six to in 10 Iraqis. These favor killing American troops. The best we can get out of the White House and Republican Congresses stated course. Because what it says Bob Gagger on smurcling chimp. 39% approval rating should be like maybe maybe at top it ought to be like the eye for sale. I like Robert Green for people like that. So hopeless. Or there's no sense there's no feeling. That kind of crowd. Sure. Your buddy Doug Thompson has an article here, calm. He says it's just a little old fashion karma coming around a capital hill blue. It's got a fairly graphic picture here of two guys with the well with what? Making guys in their underwear. I say from the from the shoulder down. Mm-hmm. Obviously in a turgid state. I said anyway Doug Thompson says it's fitting truly fitting that the political forces of a homophobic party may rest on the actions of a gay sexual predator in that party's midst. Colons and good old fashion karma coming around when it comes to homosexuality the hypocrisy of the GOP has been waiting in the closet just waiting to come out and bring the party down. From President George W. Bush's call for a constitutional amendment banning game marriage to the rabbit religious rights claimed that homosexualities have sin requiring a turtle damnation. Republicans have always preached intolerance toward gayes while looking the other way when it came to one in their midst. For Republicans the policies than more than don't ask don't tell or is more like a fast don't admit. When I moved to Washington 1981 to work on capital hill for GOP Congressman Paul Finley, a dominant political force in town was the National Conservative Political Action Committee and a Nick Pack headed by the flamboyant Terry Dolan Aclosion gay man who's sexual leading scholar in the category of open secret. Most Republicans and just about everyone also watched the new the Dolan was gay they just didn't talk about it and those days the media looked the other way when it came to sexual preference. Nick Pack openly advocated the anti-gyagenda the right wing while Dolan proves the gay bar is a Pennsylvania Avenue. Dolan epitomized the Conservatives in Ronald Reagan and the GOP's right wing Reagan's advanced advanced the party's anti-gyagenda by cutting funding for research on AIDS. Ironically Dolan would die of that disease. In 1984 I worked for the National Republican Correctional Committee and found a member of gay men and women working in the party's ranks. At Bolfade this a popular capital hill barn near the NRCC headquarters asked one gay NRCC field representative why he worked for a party with the anti-gyagenda. I have a mortgage to pay he said. When Dolan died of AIDS, GOP politicians in operative physics rest public shock and learning of his homosexuality while some right wingers like the Reverend Jerry Falwell called Dolan's death punishment such comments drove Republican gaze further underground but party leaders continued look the other way when they found a homo in the wood pile as long as that gay man or woman stayed quiet a homo in the wood pile. What better place? Well a number of gay democratic politicians publicly embraced their homosexuality gay Republicans usually stay silent. Those who choose to come out of the closet do so at the local risk. Former representative Mark Foley who resided last week in the ever-rescoiting scandal over his inappropriate and unbelievable behavior toward young and congressional pages revealed his homosexuality through his lawyer only after leaving office. Yet his fellow Republicans new folie was gay. They just didn't talk about her, but now just the fact as long as the Florida Congressman told the line. Like other Republicans, foley said pocklessy knew no bounds. He voted the conservative often anti-gyagenda Republican agenda while covertly living as a closet to homosexual. It was possible legislation to protect children from sexual predators while he himself stalked teenage pages. When Republican leaders learned about Foley's predatory behavior they did nothing. They looked the other way because their first instinct is to print their own no matter the cost. Now the hypocrisy is in the open and the cost may be great to the party of the elephant and rightly so. The homo and wood pile. From this picture he's got in here in the story, there's a lot of wood netpiles. The biggest name. So the best talent for the fathers for your Rogers for Shwitio 560 you. God, you're breath of beautiful. New this season on ABC from the producer of Dancing with the stars. Some people think his death is for sisters and they're right. It's drinking with the stars. Body on. Do. Star and Charlie Jean. This is so surreal. This is like a sober asset trip. Mel Gibson. I think I'm crazy. I think I'm crazy. I'm crazy. Hey, you want to see? I don't see. And pair as Hilton. What color are you? I'm drinking with the stars. Oh my god. Bonsers, why you egg or my suit? And I'm Miss Foley. Let's go to Mars Place and have a few of pops when they say. I. 1033, 27 before 11 at 560 W to Q and speaking a hand I've only got about 600 Mark Foley stories here. You wouldn't want to hear those with you. Of course I do. I want to hear about. All they want to know from. They don't want to hear about dead people and I racked. They don't want to hear about lies and wars and stuff like that. As the old team growing up in Lake Worth for more US representative Miss Foley Mark Foley was molested by clergymen as attorney announced yesterday causing adolescent trauma that may have contributed to but does not excuse his sexually explicit internet exchanges with congressional pages. The attorney gave it to Ralph Halson declared Mark Foley wants you to know that he is a gay man. Okay. Oh that's his shock. How many years have I done to any of that? About 30 minutes. The revelations came as the falloff from the Foley scandal and the Salacious instant messages and emails he wrote to boys continued to darken the political landscape for Republicans just weeks from intermolections. Oh what a shame. During a news conference in a rain soak downtown West Palm Beach public park Roth asserted that Foley reiterates unequivocally that he's never had sexual contact with any minor and he's suggesting that Mark Foley is a pedophile is false. Let me just not a successful pedophile. Boy into an Irish Roman Catholic family in Newton Mass Foley mode of Florida the age of three later were 10 to Perocule School of Sacred Heart Church and Lake Worth. He was an altar boy and read scripture at Mass. Who could he have been molested by? Certainly wasn't no rabbi. Roth refused to identify the originalist of Church or religion. Like that's a careful and religion. Alexis Walkenstein, a spokesman for the Palm Beach Dicey said, it will be inappropriate for me to come at this point based on their vague allegations and mirror speculation. Oh Sean is sending some new polls. Thank God for that. Thank you Sean. He also has a note on here that I catch this story that they bought how the Occadolese ship had written a letter to Abomansavalsar Kaui telling the cut the crap of the Texan side Jordan and other ranks with Mike's set what? Mike Irina Muslims. A few months later the West Military suddenly knew exactly where he was in Bluestcraft away. How do you like that? When the guy called your show singealsar Kaui's body should be cracked for a freezer burn, I just about spit up my morning espresso. Oh Sean has espresso in a morning. Must be one of those foods that hangs out at Starbucks. Says I have a feeling he was embarrassing Alkada with the video of him thunder with an assault rifle plus judging by his wasteland looks like he was more interested in acquiring fudge cake than yellow cake. Is that incredible or what? Incredible. Now who the hell is Gary Newman? Cars. Oh Gary Newman of the cars. Have you ever known about the cars of the song Cars that was his big hit? Cars? Gary Newman? I heard Alphard E. Think he's candy. I don't know who Gary. No, no, no, no, no, no. Well, what is it? You're tired of it. We all like. No. Good song. The first 5000 times. Okay. It's not something I'm going to always ask. Oh, she's over it. I can't out of that stuff. I don't everyone hear that again, please. She said I know he's no Gary Newman. Dad and Aunt and Aunt and Aunt and Aunt and Aunt. That's a little bit of a controversy. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, there's a lot of better songs but you'll never hear those. No. Oh, there's Miss Foley. I'm that there were these red flags. It's red flags. Let's see congressman Foley. Oh, that's already radio this. Did I? Can't stop or six in the house chamber as others prepared for the week? Yeah, I guess. I've got through reading that. I was almost ready to read it again. I can have a little lightning at kiss. There you go. Oh, disgusting. Right on the lips on the lips on the lips. Oh, I saw that drool man pretty sure was drool. And the a die follower in the having been post rights incredibly Fox news labeled Mark Foley that has raised your public and Florida child recruiter as a Democrat three different times in two different segments. On the right wing program, the O'Reilly facted a video clip of Foley showed him as Mark Foley Democrat of Florida, rather than the correct designation as a Republican, Mark Foley are a Florida, because this truly being oversight or a mistake you decide. How do you like that? I already have. Must have been just a nation. It's just a coincidence. They're learning people that are lost would never lie to us or never would hold a tour. Also, although Fox news had copies of emails written by Mark Foley to a Louisiana boy, but shows not to run the story according to her message and AP report. Morley bankrupts come. Are you picking on poor or roof or word doc again? Sure. Gary, who is it? Gary and the playboys? Gary Lewis. The FBI has begun an inquiry into Foley's computer contact with pages and has to wrote and loaded a Florida fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, asking for an investigation into whether state laws were broken. I think Jeff's upset that he was left out of those parties with Charlie Christ and your buddy Mark. Meanwhile, Florida newspapers who were leaked copies of the email with Louisiana boy last year defended their decision not to run the stories. Both the anxious, Miami-Herald and the St. Pete Times were given copies of the emails as were other news organizations including Fox news. The Nazi news network. Our decision at the time was that because the language was not sexually explicit and was subject to interpretation from an Oculus II sick as the page characterized it to be cautious said that little for Tom Fiddler's executive editor of the Herald. Right. Given the potentially devastating impact that a false suggestion of pedophilia could have on anyone, not to mention a congressman known to be gay and lacking any corroborating information we choose not to do a story. Didn't stop a non-gerry heart and don't arise from chasing his ass around and run his presidential ambitions in it. Well back it was days of the ill or trench go didn't stop you then did it time of course. Scary heart was a democrat. After I was in political leanings of the Herald and you fash his silver there at the freaking mommy Harold. It's only croaked. Ever great day Tom. Oh look at this. Talk about not learning your lessons real fast. Maybe he's a slow learner Mark. Maybe it's because he was molested by the preacher man. That was at scarred his brain. Congressman Mark Foley was still using the AOL screen name now associated with attempts to solidize a social underrated voice corner. As recently as 1050 yesterday morning, users of AOLs and messaging were surprised to find Foley signed briefly under the chance service using the screen name M.A.F.54. And there's a picture of the screen here M.A.F.54 is just signed off. The log in was used in now publicly males and instant messages with underrated boys. And of course the egg man says they were the ones that were coming on him and they're the ones that's right. Those beasty boys. Foley signed only briefly this morning yesterday, but as we've portedly continued to use the screen name occasionally as a scandal surrounding it unfolds publicly. Log active is taken a screen capture of Foley's online status this morning available here. It says there's a picture over there on roster. Pretty raw yes. And the egg man knows man. I think the egg man is a jealous is what's all about. Do you think? I imagine. I bet he's had a page or two in his time. I'm not talking about congressional page. I heard he was a real page turtle. Uh-huh. More like Lanternor. 1213 votes if you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on any one of these which would have been the war in Iraq for it in 58 a blood bath lunacy. Tax exemptions for religious organizations, triamidine 38, subsidizing those driches. Residents of these reinergy companies, 157 matching funds for political campaigns 83, 4 and 8 75, those of you in 40, National Missile Defense 22, public service announcements are just a note to an NCRAGON 21 and a sprays program again, only 21. Okay, so I googled by what's his name, Gary Newman, and there ain't no picture. And really, rightfully so. I'll also need it. I don't want to see no picture, okay? If he looks like John Mark car, like twins. So anyway, speaking of all these classed and Republicans besides Matt Fudge and Condom Lisa and Colter and Charlie Christ and up until just the other up until yesterday, Mark Foley, I just who will lower anger him. I was wondering about her. You know, she actually was engaged to business man James Reis and time to wedding in Mayor June of 2005 but she announced an on April 26 of 2005 she had undergone breast cancer surgery and as a result her engagement was cancelled. She was also once engaged to consider the author Dynesh De Souza and dated former New Jersey Senator or Bob Ferris Sully but never been married. I told her she. I don't see. How come we don't have a born 64, I'm going to say 32, well I've met him wrong with that. He's 42 and never been married, right? Okay. Then the Wikipedia thing here, views on homosexuality. According to David Brockham, his bookfinded by the right, anger him out writing for the Dartmouth Review in the mid-80s once attended the meeting of gay student organization for the purpose of publicly outing them in the newspaper. I'm sure that's the only reason she was there, right? She secretly tented the meeting of the gay students association and published a transcript that identifying students by a name and calling them Sodomites. According to her however, she attended the means to report the newspaper how the money was being spent. Jeremy Hart faculty advised that the Dartmouth Review later wrote the weekly standard in England how the most extreme anti-homosexual views imaginable as an undergraduate with that she avoided local restaurant for fear that gay leaders might touch a silverware or spit on her food exposing her to AIDS. A decade later, February 23, 1997, high ever, she wrote an essay in the Washington Post when in which she announced significant changes in how she views gay's and lesbians. This is motivated primarily by the experience of her own gay brother, Kurdistan Graham, where we're doing a strange from her for a time after the gay student group infamy is a care for his ailing partner. How do you like that? Just an obsession of says, what is this facts here? It says, Condislies must be the happiest bitch in the world right now. The country is so focused on the full-a scandal where ignore more important fact that she is continually lying about the meaning she forgot about warning us of attacks on the US by Georgetown. Man, I hate her asses whether this facts her was. I will be in good thing it will put your name on it and come get you. Before noon, you are asked to be in the slimmer and by the end of the day the rest you might be too. I started to do this a second ago and didn't do it. The original pages involved in the fully sex messages scandal are receiving threats via emails. This is according to Representative Rodney Alexander where our Republican Louisiana. He sponsored one of the pages that we see in the appropriate messages from Representative Mark Foley. Alexander explains that he believes he let the page down saying, my job was to do what I could to protect the young man's interest in my field. I apologize for that. The parents have had a horrible week. The young man is beginning to get some threats. Aren't you shocked by that? No, not. No. He has been aggressively seeking his conversation at school, his home and that's the most disturbing thing. It's just simply not fair. The young man's gotten caught up in something that he and he's getting bruised for something he shouldn't be part of. But you know what the Eggman says, he wanted it. Yeah, what he said. These tumps, these, what do you call him? You know, no, that I think of it all these children that have been molested. You know, it's their own fault for being so damn sexy. I wanted it. Very good. That's right. If they were just trying to be as ugly as they possibly could. They got addressed like the omnisch. Oh, that I guess that doesn't help. I didn't help either. Of course, there's another guy who was, and you know, we're waiting to hear this horrible thing that supposedly happened to him 20 years ago. Yeah. That's he who's with his grotesque barbaric act that he pulled. And then come to find out he was the rape rape rape or not the rape me. So that's why he had that, uh, cute and a spare of K.Y. with him. Got it. In order to draw the boys out of there, I think, you know, because he was having dreams about how much he enjoyed doing it. He was thinking about doing it again. But maybe because of a shortage of time at any rate. He is older men on thin ice wets Jeff Cohen on common dreams.org. And by the way, I see Keith's numbers are staggeringly going up. He beat out what's your name that bubblehead pulls on last night. Good. And moving on up. Anyway, Jeff Cohen, which I've read many of his colleagues before, he's not the a pizza guy. He's found a media watch group fair and author of cable news confidential my misadventures in corporate media, he says I fear for Keith Obermann. Like so many others who hunger for some journalists to get independence on TV news as often marvel at Obermann's dog and reporting in unique commentary. And the cable news environment of conformity and conservatism, the MSNBC host takes on a Bush administration for demonizing descent for abusing our constitutional traditions for taking cynical advantage of the unanimity and love following 9-11 and transmute a given to a fraudulent war in needless death. Only Obermann talks about team Bush's monstrously transforming 9-11 unity in the fear and suspicion and turning that fear into the campaign slogan of three elections. It was virtually alone on TV news and seriously reporting on 2004 election irregularities in Ohio and exploring the pre-arrack world downing street memos indicating what has deception. In recent months his prime target seemed to have evolved from softer ones like Bill or Riley to bigger gain than Bush and his minions. It's worth noting that strong criticism and extremist presidency hardly makes Obermann a leftist. I remember him as the whimsical sports guy in ESPN. I remember his first go round an MSNBC in 98 when he could have sued his bosses for repetitive stress disorder for having the host scores of the Winsky episodes on the road to Clinton's impeachment and impeachment they may well have been impossible if not for the complicity of TV news. It's obvious his bosses at MSNBC slash NBC-sized GE never envision the increasingly bold overman of recent months. It's likely that Obermann himself cannot have foreseen his current role as the lone voice of those who feel assaulted by a cable news business dominated by the O'Reilly's and Hannitys. So why do I fear for Obermann because I know his bosses in the run up to the Iraq War I too worked for MSNBC as an honor-pundit and a senior producer on the prime time Donahue show. As I detail in my new book, Cable News Confidential, the suits at MSNBC slash NBC-Muzzledus and ultimately terminated us. They feared independent journalism in series descent. They smeared Bush critics with MSNBC's editor-in-chief actually going on the air without evidence to accuse the Iraqi WMB skeptic scarrot or being the a paid agent of Sada Hussein. Obermann has been gaining an audience ratings that provides him some security but perhaps not enough. And Donahue was terminated in three weeks before the Iraq invasion was MSNBC's most watched program. Cancel your tap rate at show doesn't happen often but it happened to Donahue who knows what will happen to Obermann. With Donahue management care less about building up an audience than tamping down to the synth, while independent outlets and blogs were serving an audience by questioning the rush to war, our bosses in post-right jackets and us that provided similar growth. In the last months of Donahue, men's may give us strict orders. If we booked a guest who was anti-war, we need two who are pro-war. If we booked two guests on the left, we need a three on the right. When a producer proposed booking Michael Moore, two with twelve they'd be three right WMB for ideological balance. Obermann's increasingly boldness has been occurring at the time when Bushes of Pro-Virginings are low and Bushes wars in shambles that gives him some added security. During Donahue's tenure, at 10-year-old MSNBC, the eve of the war Bush's popularity was high and media conglomerates were especially concerned about not roughing the White House at that moment as they were lobbying hard to get FCC rules changed to allow them to grow still fatter. The day after Donahue was terminated, then in turn, when NBC memo leaked out said, Phil Donahue represents a difficult public space when we see it at time of war. Why? Because he insisted on presenting administration critics. The memo worried that Donahue would become a home for the liberal anti-war agenda at the same time that her competitors are waving the flag at every chance. NBC solution then? Don't fill. Stive all the scent. Brandage to flag. NBC solution now? So far, Obermann appears to be on much more solid footing, mostly because the political zeitgeist is much changed from four years ago. But MSNBC is still on by GE's conservative bosses and man's vanBC's ever-timbed executives, Obermann knows this reality as well as anyone. Six months ago on Seastpan, while expressing confidence that good ratings would keep them at bay he remarked, there are people I know in the hierarchy of NBC, the company and GE, the company, who don't like to see the current presidential administration criticized at all. I'm pulling for Obermann, I'm one of the multitudes who find this commentaries online, perhaps more see them on the web than on TV and forward them far and wide. So what East New Browse had against abortion administration are fear for his future. His best security is us and act of citizenry, its media activism organized heavily on the net. Its media watch groups like Fear and the media matters for America. Its movement that resisted the SEC changes in 2003, challenged and clear broadcast propaganda before the O4 election, and recently exposed an add-alive and hijacking of ABC by right-wing Clinton Bashers. In the epilogue of Kibble News confidential, I allowed this moment. I only regret was that such a port movement hadn't called us by 2002 to flex his muscles against NBC, brass and defensive and unfettered Donahue. If Obermann gets muscled or terminated for political reasons, it'll be up to us to fight not only for him, but for the concept that without serious dissent democracy is a sham. What am? Oh, there's your buddy Tony Blair. That was always saw him. What tells he babbling about? Something about the IRA said this and the IRA said it. Why does he just go away already? He keeps threatening to go away just as a monogree. Yeah, totally. Kind of like Greg Reed. He keeps threatening to leave, but the door keeps subbumpied among a hit before his ass. Oh, I'm thinking about Greg Reed this morning and I'm about to worry. Oh, yeah. Now, in line with at Martholi business. Anyway, how many votes we got on the pool? 1260, baby. 1260. Because that's WTVA, but it was for real, I'd again. 1056 and 560, QAM. The biggest name, so best to have us with the biggest real Roger S. Force Radio 560, QAM. This is the real Roger itself. This is a boy. Oh, come on. Any questions? Coming up tonight, an insight behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography pro-Bow story. You didn't have to be big daddy of your mind to enjoy their mystical progressive rock sound. But it helped. They were like, so glad they were. All in the care of the school, and she's fighting was their way. Stay away to Heaven. One of the most utterly crafted rock songs of the 20th century and so labed with meaning British writer's story in the Manoring Smithon Wiggle, and an interview with Led Zeb front man, Robert Plant. First question, Robert. There's a lady who sure all the glitters is gold. And then later, if the stars are all closed with a word she can get, what she can't. It's brilliant. What does it mean? Excuse me. I'm not really sure. I think I think actually I was getting me no polish by back up singing recording with a time, which I reckon that you're getting a love polish. Amazing. Oh, in a classic line, if there's a bustle in your head, or a bustle in your head, or in your head, or what? What does it mean? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know something. That one I came up with on the sport. I was in an area, you see, because I just, I'm just done about three pounds of primo, clumbing and plaguing the area. We sign this as we're here to oblique quite a bit. Yes, I'm just smashing. But the passage I find so personally rewarding, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run there's still time for change to hold your arm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that one. Oh, that one. Yeah, yeah. That's great. It just finished with this one bed. I mean, it is thing, I was so I thought, hey, first time for everything. Or I'll make it. I'll make it. Oh, come to the action. You've become sound now, old. Led Zeppelin. They had a lot more fun than you did. Listening to their music on your lazy, fake ass. It's a big shooting, something like a show business. Tonight, on inside the mind. But what's that kind of thing with Dury Newman, then see you on his question. Oh, you got that picture. No, I did not. Oh, you sent me a picture of Dury Newman? Sure, did. Or did not like our take a pic. No thanks. Oh, more bad news from Iraq, more bad news. What are you going to read any of this stuff? We're going to stick a good news. I know. I'm way ahead of you. There isn't any. A triple bombing targeting Iraq's ministry of industry employees killed at least 12 people wounded, seven others today, and a mainly Christian neighborhood of Baghdad police said. Two bombs targeted ministry guards and other bomb targeted in the Ministry convoy, a quite away bagged at emergency police officials. Things are going incredibly well. Why should we care about that? Well, we got Mark Foli to worry about. And we got bigger fish to fry. We got a lot of egg on our face. We got a lot of pages to turn over. Two years after lending star power to George W. Bush's reelection campaign, Arnold has distance himself from the US president ahead of the upcoming elections. The Hollywood actor turned Republican politicians as a strong favor to win the Wimbler's Global Literary O'Reason Democrat Dominate California, where Bush's approval ratings have sunk to record a lows. He's feeling mighty low in California. But even while Schwarzenegger enjoys a commanding leader where his Democrat rival Phil Angelini's Reisen Fools, Arnold is say the incompetent is where he's being associated with Bush. Schwarzenegger did not meet Bush during his trip to California yesterday. A spokesman for Bush said the focus of the visible is the congressional races. While Schwarzenegger said there was no reason for a meeting. President Bush is coming out here to not to help California but to do fundraising California. So there's no reason for me to meet him because I'm attending the business he said. Not to help California but to do fundraising. As to be viewed Bush's liability, Arnold replied absolutely not. Primarily however, his campaign will be only two where the Bush is bad for the electoral box office say the Inlust. If I were running Schwarzenegger's campaign I'd do exactly what he's doing and that's avoiding the president said in constant TV, a professor of political science at the University of California Davis. It would fit right into the Democrats strategy of journalist Schwarzenegger to Bush if there's suddenly seen photo watched together. He has wanted to be within a hundred miles a his ass and who to help him blame him right. Speaking of obnoxious people that nobody would like to be anywhere near Dick Morris what a what a fashion's he turned into. Turn code doesn't even do justice to it. So let's say Gary Newman was what Alfred is brother he was on the car. That's right. No. Was it Rick Rikwiley was in the cars? Sure. Rick O'Kase. Casey Kase was in the cars? Yes he was. Escanaba. What? That's in Michigan. Isn't it? I believe so. What papers this from? Probably the Escanaba Daily Press. Oh sure it held it is. I think it's in the U.P. Dick Morris. What a jackass he turned into. Pulled out punches and talking about his former boss in Hillary and Bill Clinton. The members of the Bay Area economic club Monday night. A Bill Clinton Morris said he's not a very nice person to be with in private of Hillary Clinton. He said she reminds me of president Nixon. Very ruthless. Morris predicts Hillary will be the nice president but he's not happy. He doesn't think she'd make a good president. She's as close to a European socialist as we have in the US more said. Hillary is a liberal who's a moderate when she has to be. Bill is a moderate who's a liberal when he has to be more. People ask me why they did turn on their Clinton's. I didn't say Morris. I'm not a Republican. I'm a Democrat. He said, or could it fool me? I hate both parties equally. I like both parties equally when they work together. They get a lot of things accomplished. I believe we've had the best government in the last 25 years since we've had the founding fathers. Oh yeah. Wow. In the 2008 presidential election Morris said he believes the only two Republicans who give Senator Clinton run for money are Rudy Giuliani and John McCain but they're both two good Morris said. I think the only person who's been stopped for his algorithm Morris says he's written several books he wrote. Condy versus Hillary arguing that only condom leaves the good block Hillary's been for the White House in 2008. He didn't even mention the vibration is talk on Monday. Morris wrote a pair of books criticizing the Clinton's and wrote behind the overlap of his winning the presidency in the 90s. I read perspective of his work with the Clinton's. It was published soon after his August 29th, 1996 resignation from the campaign through the scandal. Morris resigned after reports surface that he'd been involved in an extramarital affair with a prostitute in Cheery Rollins. Oh no. Not another one. Those are good. Morris also wrote the screenplay for Fair and Hight 9.11 and alternative to Michael Morris 2004 film. He is a fox TV news commentator. There's that tell you what you need to know. And right so we click the column for the group report. We're not going to New York Post and Hill Magazine. Card carrying fascist. Dig Morris. Sellout. I'll tell you one thing that must be a lot of cash floating around. You know a lot of suitcases and paper bags full of cash. You go around DC. That's a bunch of offers you can't refuse. Right. What are how much Ms. Fudges got on the payroll, huh? What are how much Richard Miller and Skatef is taking here that queen? Lots. Marine down has a column today in the New York Times. Don't pass the solid peanut centry. Oh yeah that's the thing of all this stuff. You know after watching that Kissinger movie which I got for you. And then seeing the effect that he's there all the time. Advising TV and Bush and the White House. And like they said he's still fighting the war and Vietnam. The only exit option is victory in Iraq. Of course nobody can defy what victory is or what it might ever come about. But that's his advice. That's the only exit strategy is victory. Just like an Iraq. The pieces in our hand. I had the two. Marine doubts as Tom Lair said that political sets that was rendered obsolete when Henry Kissinger won Nobel Peace Prize for prolonging Vietnam war. But even the inventive lyric would never imagine that Dr. Strange love would get a second chance to contribute to misleading the public about a military catastrophe and a misunderstood land. A doover in scarringly American psyche and reputation in profound ways. Yet as Bob Woodward reveals in state of denial the sequel to Bush's agenias, Mr. Kissinger has been one of the few trusted outside advisors that W. is listening to on Iraq. The administration has shaped its policy to hue the 83 year-old unwise man's belief that the only way to be in insurgency is to stick it out no matter how many American kids in forms of Indians die. Especially if elections are coming up. As the historian Robert Dalak was writing a book on Nixon and Kissinger notes, Kissinger was complicit using foreign policy to try to save Nixon during Watergate. Bob Haldeman wrote in his diary on December 15, 1970 using K for Kissinger and P for President Nixon, K came in and the discussion covered some of the general thinking about the adnam and the big piece by for the next year which K told me he does not favor. He thinks that any pullout next year would be a serious mistake because the adverse reaction to it could sit in well before the 72 elections. He favors instead of continued winding down and then a pullout right at the fall of 72 so that if any bad results followed it would be too late to affect the election it seems to make sense. Thirty-five years later Mr. Kissinger, the consummate Fauner, was once more able to sway a president with a fake defference. Dr. Kay encouraged W. to play the tough guy on the war even though he himself never gone to war. In September 2005 Mr. Woodward writes W. has had speech writer Mike Gerson visited Kissinger and received the lecture declaring that the only exit strategy for a rack was victory and a copy of the diplomats salted peanut memo from 1969 warning against resisting pressure to withdraw troops from Vietnam. Withdraw of US troops will become like salted peanuts to the American people, the more US troops come home the more will be demanded he said. It's the kind of logic that makes Dr. Kay such a valuable counsel of the president saw ready to clear it privately that his midterm elections ran into these to charge the Democrats this way. Surrender and taxes. The shrink-wab president didn't consult his own father before going to war against the same dictator and moving from Dr. Strange loved to Dr. Freud, two of W's top war counselors, Rummy and Henry the K are men who didn't bother to conceal their content for Borsinha as a naive lightweight. As Woodward knows, part of Rummy's allure for W was the fact that popping Bush considered him as arrogant, McEvoy and sort who could give you and deep dodo. It was a chance Woodward says to prove his father wrong or right. It's been clear for years that Cheney and Rummy have been using the Bush president suit like elaborate vanity production to replay water gate and Vietnam and it tried to reverse things that bothered them during prior stints in the Nixon and Ford administration. As Cheney told his pal Rummy when W gave him a second crack in quarter century later at the Defense Chief job, get it right this time. The vice president has been biobalctic, successful in sporting 9-11 to restore the imperial presidency to where it was before. Congress and the public became such nosy parkers after water game. Mr. Cheney and Rummy have been less successful near attempt to exercise the post Vietnam American skittiness of abusing force. The robisimal misadventure in Iraq is only reinforced it. Kissinger's reasoning for favoring war in Iraq had none the idealistic gloss about democracy that the president came up like Mr. Cheney he thought it was a good idea to invade Iraq not because it was strong but because it was weak. We need to humiliate radical Islam, he told Mr. Grison and send the message that we're not going to live in this world that they want for us. Half a century before an affair is experienced and he still doesn't understand that humiliating young Arab men and occupying Muslim land just radicalizes them. We're standing terror to cost of about six billion dollars a month. Right. Marine the Queen. We're going to have a weekend pool showed Mahoney when a sightly in Florida and the police congressional district. It's only a three point lead the blow and told me yesterday that he's actually bullied by that says that's actually good sign. Think they can make up some ground by making up some stories. You know the devil made him do it and it was that the wall of station by the priest is a child and of course the booze. You do almost anything sure that Mahoney I hear he's gay. Oh brother. I mean our all democrats sure and cowardly and they want to tap you. Right. That's correct. That's your ass. Kind of run. Put in run. 128 man votes on the pool. It's coming along swimming. Keep those polls coming. Tax again. Shron. Yep. Although I am pissed off about the Gary Newman thing. What comes first to know who that is. Oh, I don't know that song. Yes, you do. Okay. During the break and we'll look at that picture and then make a group. My guts. I'm 50's name. So best tell us if this is real Roger's for 205. We'll American A-hole. We salute you Mr. Fake ID maker. Mr. Fake ID maker. Sure. You don't have a best equipment. In fact, your scanners reduce images only slightly sharper than silly money on the Sunday comics. It doesn't matter though because your customers are completely faced when they visit you anyway. Most establishments would deny little Jimmy his alcohol and tobacco. But thanks to you, he purchases a 40 and a pack of smokes with ease while his underage friends wait around the corner. Sure. The cops have tried to shut you down but you provide a public service. Keeping businesses that would otherwise go belly up in the black. So we salute you. Mr. Fake ID maker. You're injected in your three xy and the scores of all over teenagers who couldn't get up for school today. You are a real American A- 118. Speaking of giving good face that, I love that picture of Miss Foley. It's a funny picture of course we got to say that as if we didn't know that. Oh, the other. Under our poor. The Rasteland picture. Where Mark Foley is teaching one of the pages obviously some wrestling positions. Well, there's fantasy football. That's fantasy wrestling. He says, relax, then it's just teaching we kid to wrestle. Try the donuts with the sprinkles. And I'm sure it's an instant. He's here right back around. Got some of them. Ducky donuts. I bet he likes the donut holes. One thing about crispy cream, they don't make no donuts with sprinkles. Do they? Probably. Yeah. We're actually talking about donuts this morning and the consensus is crispy cream does make other flavors, but nobody notices because they only go for the clay. Because the other ones are so damn good. Right. And he came even when he was 300. God ought to be a logist as well. They're going to be out of business one of these days because people are deciding to stick into a... I don't know. New revelations about the so-called laughing hijackers. I don't think I've been talking about that today. Remember that video came out and they were... No. Oh, those hijackers. Yeah. I'll call laughing hijackers. Same expose its releases, a stage managed politically timed father of... time-sync. See this is chopped off again. The father of my Hamid Autop blast of video was a fake. While captured to the reclaims of its origin, the nature battle even tear-richs. Well, even immediate mis-to-tip is released, not by Al-Qaeda, but by the Western Telugu community. How do you like that? Hmm. Firstly, the father of my Hamid Autop was people's. He said that his son is still alive as blast of the video as the... as fake. He said the video tested into my son's false. I continued to believe he's innocent. My Hamid, all I'm here outside said he told the... Saudi-Veal-Watan. The American's pampered within falsified that video. He said they wanted change something in order to achieve their goals in the Middle East. See the right hand column on this thing is all chopped off. What am I going to do about that? I know, go back to the lies of the firefox. Select the print selection. Why? Select the part you want and then print the selection rather than the whole page. Oh, you're going to start with that again. We're going to head our agenda. We're going to head our agenda. We're going to head our agenda. And a separate revelation. A piece reporting the next part on Islamic extremism is deemed the latest outcut of footage. Out of character for Al-Qaeda could have been taken by security agency. Out of character, who was this a video by Al-Qaeda or by security agency, Dr. Dia Rashwan and Egyptian expert at militant groups that I've never seen such a video. Also, of course, he's been a different person's of my Hamid Autop and C.I.J. both seem younger and the infamous A-Vlik glaze about how the ringmothers are placed by some of software expression. Just like that fact picture of Osama, where that one where he looks like he believed that maybe he was saying the A-Glazedonas. By the way, we're only half an hour away from a big thing in Papua, part 1150 this morning. They steal structure is complete. If a new ally can free casino with Papua, park the Racino at its time for the topping out tree, setting on the top of the new building. And there'll be a special debut of the design renderings of the inside of the new Racino, including the slot machine floor, restaurants and summer cast racing area. But that's enough to wet my appetite, make me think that it might be a woodbion Wednesday for me. They think I needed this? No. Oh. Topping out takes place with the tree planning at 1150 this morning. That's a half an hour from now as they can to construction site. And further the Clubhouse entrance at Papua, park followed by the rendering premier of the inside of the new race scene of on the fifth floor in Patton's Place lounge. Now, of sharply corporate vice president, where casino operations for the ally can pre-in Pompatoparko conduct a question and answer session in the new race. You know, Pompatoparko'sman members of the Pompatopi, some barricone commissions and a greater Pompatopi chamber commerce will also be in attendance. Thank you Steve. Steve Wolf sent that by. I'm going to join them in this from now. They're going to be unveiling it. Did you also see that it was pitched for a new one? I got that right here in my pile man. Would you relax? Sorry. Jesus, God, are you a impatient? I got in my hand right now. Get somebody to ask me. No, I'm not. I got a conversation supposed to be voting a winner for five money to invade a wreck. By the way, we got that story facts to us three times already today. What's that? All the Pompatop stories of which people would realize that you're on top of these things. Don't you understand that if anybody knows what's going on, a Pompatopark, Bruce Ranger knows. Don't you understand that? And Kelly the Schleiff. Pompatopi, proud county in Florida, Marlon's officials have been in discussions for several months about possibly financing a baseball stadium at Pompatoparko, Marlon's. Well, my God. The officials are saying the talks have not, but what does this have to do with Mark Foli and those emails? So that's good. I totally want to see. Do you know that we put that up there 10 30 on Wednesday? Right, Josh, by 10 30? Yeah. It's got over a thousand reads. How many stories do you think we ever put on our website to get over a thousand reads? That may be the third or fourth and all the time we've been putting stuff on there. What does that tell you? Everything. That's T.E.M. That's right. He, A.G. And that's what it's got to do. A.B. That's right. Yes. H.R. puppy. When you wait, when you stop, well, if you don't take much to get you going, I'll tell you that. Just give me a little piece of, you know, like a shoe lace, and he turns it into a tight rope, and then sticks it around mine. The talks have not yet yielded a completely deal, but Pompatopi's Mayor John Ration and Broward County Mayor Ben Graber said they're excited about the possibility of bringing the Marlon's to. A prospect that has seen run likely for years as County Commissioners have an unthoosy anistic about putting tax dollars to another sports venue. The County Commission raised the County Hotel Bed Tax 2% in 1996 to help pay for the bank Atlantic Yenthus Center and sunrise, Poma to Panthers hockey team. Don't forget the hockey season starts tonight. Not the Panthers though. That's Friday night against the Bruins. And guilty and silly ass read your Randy. You'll have the game for you right here on QM on Friday. We're pretty proud and pleased about that. What are they leading? Whether that's the press release say yesterday when the leading broadcast teams in all hockey and that was the same. Conversation that we had about the defense was. Is that we don't have any? There's Poma, Reese, the new coach of your Toronto Maple Leaf. Searching said it about that. No, I knew you wouldn't. What? Hockey talk, baby. It's a lot of hockey shows going. Maybe hockey season starts tonight. Tockey night in Toronto. Both mirrors called those questions about the stadium complex. And wouldn't disclose any of the financing deals. Yeah, who's going to pay for it? There are possibilities said racing was toward the track with representatives of the Marlins and they tracks owner out of the company. He said one possibility is relocating a set of older stables at the track to make away for a stadium. I'm hopeful we can make progress. I'd love to keep the Marlins in South Florida. I think it's fantastic if they're able to get a stadium built. And because there's so much interest, they just started the manager for doing too good of a job. Graber who wouldn't discuss the location of the stadium city. Hope to be able to announce the deal before we leave office on November 7. Maybe this could be an October surprise. A new stadium for the Marlins of Papadau Park. And maybe Wally Hennessy can pitch for the Marlins. What do you think? Or maybe Donald Brainer. We are very close to perhaps putting it offer together. That may be presented to the County Commission. We're still about two weeks away from finalizing in Graber said. It's a complex deal that doesn't depend on one entity greatly. It's a fair deal. The Marlins declined comment. There were two busy firing Joe Girardy. And announcing their new manager who's named it in Z. Who is the new manager? Freddie. Gonzalez. Oh, N Z Z. The team is in discussions with Dave County and the city of Hylia about financing a ballpark in Western Hylia. Oh, God. Major League Baseball has content tracks to purchase land south of Miami Arena and been in discussions with the city of Miami and business dealers about locating a stadium in downtown Miami. No deals been reached in either location. Now that would be a good poll to take. Maybe we'll do that one one one these days soon. Okay. Like Worship the Marlins building the stadium. Hylia. Downtown Miami or Tennessee. Papadau Park or like in Vermont would be good. Sure. It's not certain that the Ocon be reached in Broward either. Papadau Park is financing and building that $140 million. Two story building house. Fifteen hundred slot machines restaurants in bars and is in the midst of a $10 million grandstand renovation and the unveiling of that Racino or least the rendering of it is coming up in 24 minutes. I love him 50. Stephen Wolfe the track senior director of racing operation. Said he's unaware of any talks with the Marlins. It wasn't sure where a stadium might be located on the tracks. Two hundred and twenty three acres. Pompatau Beach vice mayor George Brummer who district includes the track also was ensuring doesn't think the public would support the project. Which he says would be even more traffic congestion. Long Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road. I don't think it's practically said. Maybe we could drop all the fans in by helicopter. How many helicopters would it take to drop all the Marlins fans in? About 30 minutes. That's right. If there were like 10 people in each one. That's 300 sure. Majorly baseball president Bob DePuy said he is not represented with any proposal via the highly amyming plan and then any planning to be a company venue. They might be used for a revenue or financing. Wouldn't need to be closely reviewed. That's for sure. We don't want people to go over there to the baseball game. And then stick in their money in the machine. Like Billion Reeve there in Vegas. Well that shows got to go off the air. Next we want a pup. Twenty seven passed eleven a few. I'm sure we'll find some more Mark Foley stories in the pile. Right. Some more salacious. The biggest name. So fast talent. So this is the O'Rotter's 4-SWD-560-USU-8M. Roger. Alright. There's a wash in his hair. Or a suit to have a cat co-bam. His name was Kurt. And now he's pushing up to Co-Bam. His white thing drew from his chin. Do it, arrow, wind, co-bam. New bottle was hot. And now his curt they ain't got Co-Bam. He got hot, sick, good, bad, and he died. Co-Bam. Made a minute hour never took a shower. Co-Bam. He's a number one hit in heaven. Big much hit. Co-Bam. He'll be Elvis the King as they grunge with my thing. Co-Bam. So with your fill without, don't take Kurt's ways out, Co-Bam. He got hot, sick, good, bad, and he died. Co-Bam. So that's 13, every 41-Hotest on the pool are to impress as amazing. You wonder why I've played that? Why? Eric Clapton is playing Co-Cain and Concert again. Good. Recovering drug addict and alcoholic who founded a crossroads center, reduction recovery center on the Caribbean island of Antigua. Stop performing with song written by JJ Kale and he first got sober. But what's that guy doing with Gary Newman who looks at a dance meal like a cross between John Mark, Car and David Bowie? Okay. Doesn't he? Durn those makeup wearing days. That's literally. Oh my God. Grusom. And you can almost see them. The raw message to people when the same boat is me, clap the reason to told the AMP. But further investigation proves the song if anything. If it's not even ambivalent, it's an anti-drug song. And so I thought that it might be a better way to do it, a purchase from a more positive point of view. Oh, and carry on performing it. Not as a pro-drug song, but just as a reality check about what it does. Clapton Vans chowts out dirty cocaine during the song. 30-year-old. I say it's 30-year-old again. And also that that's your door. When you think? Sure. One of those songs that you can take any way you like, clapton told the AMP. But it very clearly says the opening verse. If you want to get down down on the ground, I mean, I think that's the focal part of the song. That's what the song is about. You know, is that there's a price, a price to pay. Pace. Pace. Pactton also said he missed a cocaine with a signature guitar. It just purely from a musical point of view. Sure. Clapton, 60-one is on the North American. Like if his world tours do what CD with K-O, the Rotesca and Dito. It's kids information. On the left hand, they've got a mission. Which I'm sure is just a coincidence. Wouldn't you think? I'd like to hear it. Do you can play your game? Here you go. Hardless Baxter. Does it smell good? This is where Neil loses contact with the audience in the outside of the world. You're with Baxter. And play your game. Here you go. Hardless Baxter. Does it smell good? This is where Neil loses contact with the audience in the outside of the world. You're with Baxter. You have to get the yarn. Well, you're with Neil. There's nothing. There's nothing. There's nothing at home. I'm dying of a hair. Well, you're with Neil. There's nothing. I'm out of town. I'm out of town. I'm out of town. St. cocaine. No less. I'm trying to escape. Because your temp will launch while you're in prison. I'm out of town. 25 till loaded. You have now this next story here. next bed time story from Smurking Chimp by Exek Brandt Ford Dummies. Got a lot of four of that awards in there, so be sure and monitor very close to it to make sure I don't, you know, so we're gonna be far a lot of work on my part. Yeah, and this isn't even got this isn't even the phone transcripts. Really? The chats from the chat room, okay? The instant messages. It says it's not the first one's demoting an October and the press is no more willing to give up on Mark Foley's story than it was ready to give up on Janet Jackson's nipple. The Wednesday after the Super Bowl. Let's follow an idea put forwardly by Katherine Harris, but let's do it as scene people. This means we'll be coming Virgin Territory. I've lost to put the word Virgin in the same paragraph as Miss Harris' name. As for a quote, Miss Harris warned that the press shouldn't make this a part as an issue, then we should find out what the press knew about the dem's new, because they put our children in risk if they covered things up. I know one thing they had to cover up. Back home. Turns out Miss Harris was at least half right. The press knew and didn't follow the story if you count Fox News as the press. Could she be right to the Democrats to decide to leak this story to ABC at this particular moment? Jesus God, I hope so. There was a peemark Foley story about the Republican October strategy for this election, which they admit it would be one of the toughest and decades. There was a quote from Ken Melman, oh there's another, a closet case. There was a quote from Ken Melman and a call him smuggled be in the service to the word. Asked why there was no panic. He said he can only be panicked if you're surprised and nothing surprises them. Well, mother, ever surprised? At least I hope it surprised. He knows the first word I'd like to clean up. Yeah. The conservative fog machine is in full CYA cover your ass mode. The excuses Tony, snow, and other paid shows are coming up with. Nothing less than batch mint crazy. Fuck. Fox News had fully picture up on the air on Tuesday with the label Foley Democrat of Florida. They paid apologists' tools on the having been post denounced Foley, but intentionally Miss Feld is named Foil, F.O.L.I.L.E. as well he wasn't one of them and they have never heard of him before. Republicans already said they're strokes with such vehement to think they were Democrats. So there are two possibilities. If we were to accept there are no accidental outings of scandals, if the Democrats have hit their first October home run in over a decade, or Carl Roe was pulled off another mad genius move. Roe wants to be known as the very tactical mastermind who won the last three elections. It does no good to say that it's easy to be a mastermind if you know he had widespread electoral fraud as an optionalized resort. According to the press he had to be crazy to think that, what better way to cement you reputation into win would hit with a bombshell like this or late in the campaign. I put this theory forward but I have a hard time trying to defend it. I really think the Republicans are screwed and these are my reasons why. There have been many attempts to scare the public but they've hit with a thud this time. No shampoo on airplanes. F.O.G. Give me back my shampoo. Israel starts with WWE 3. F.O.W. WWE 3 will last more than 3 weeks and won't end with a bad tactical retreat. Iran has nooks. Not yet and not soon a whole. The public just isn't here. If any move to both Republican evidence has any chance to work it might be plummeting gas prices which doesn't need constant headlines. It's a massage the public feels without the benefit of the media. Two bad Republicans have so many bad candidates at the Senate level in general anger at the house and now we have Mark Foy. But this is a Republican boy. It's like stealing home when you're down six runs in the eighth inning. Little chances of success and probably not going to leave you being up anyway. If the Democrats leak this now they covered their own ass for the currently retreat on the torture bill which is solid row style execution. Isn't it remarkable that the Republicans have to massage their base from time to time. But so many Democrats think that we won't care about selling the constitution down the river. Lucky them. This week is about Mark Foy's instant messages not about the Geneva Convention or habeas corpus. I know that the view from this side of the Republican faithful is that they are idiots who will buy any story but skills do fall off eyes and camels do buckle under the strain. With all the Republican successes people forget how close the split is in this country and midterm elections are almost always about turn about. About turnout. This can't help turn out. We want to congratulate the quiet behind the scenes democratic operative whose name will never know who gave Mark Foy's story to ABC and Kudos to Howard Dean and finally decided to fight dirty and smart. I've gambled enough to know that not to celebrate early but let me use a poker phrase here. Our opponents all in and we have the best hand with one card to go. It's possible that they'll suck out that over 90% of the time folks who are sitting in the Republican's position go home broke. Now we can only hope that M's with power will grow pair and ITMFA. Yeah, exactly. That's where we need to. More so we need man. Just like when the Republican all pissed off there was a question about what we have been. So that's time people start getting fired up and pissed off about this crap. It's just sitting back like Julie Ruman and Susan Collins. Wow, I think it's a real discreet man. I don't know what's worse. Her or we'd have caused her. At least we'd have caused her. We ain't killing anybody. Oh, she's killing me every time I hear her on the ears. Good for poverty though. That's true. She's a little comic early. I wonder if she's on now and we got some other prune headed bitch. Woman on the Supreme Court. That's why I love that story too because I think that story tells so much about how tough a gender-dayo Connor is and just as you pointed out how tough. That's right. We want to say that every day, oh Connor, back. So we want right now. Thank God for her. You know what? We all be in concentration camps right now. You and me and Josh everybody even listen to the show or admit they ever heard of it. Yeah. 355. Oh, it's man. We got 1500. Look today. And maybe I'll even find a good machine again. Wouldn't it be something three Wednesdays in the world I'd down the go girl. Yeah. If you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on one item, what would it be? How about it? You know, they spent so little time actually in session Congress. The fact that they were having a session of the house. I'm going to vote on that the appropriations bill for the war in Iraq in April of 2003. And Ms. Folie is going off to have an internet sex chat with his boyfriend page. God, I thought page was a girl's name anyway. It is. The war in Iraq, 509 tax exemptions for religious organization, 3606. I wish I could vote twice at least. Some of these for energy companies, 177 matching funds for political campaigns, 92, 4 and 8, 86, do the V1, 53. Public service announcement like just say no. Just say no to Republicans, 24. Just say no to a pitiful congressman. National missile defense 24 and the space program only 24. Our audience, our space cadets like it. The TV stage is up to best. The hell has been released? It's the real rotch press. Sports video 560. You a- Did you say the people who say I didn't do enough? Spent the whole time I was president saying, why does he still obsessed with then lot? That was why I had the dollar when he tried to kill me. And you know what's not true? It's just not true. The guy's side is right. Maybe fit to those your failure now. He tried that his money except for the fiber to cut the who has the dollar now. You murder mediocre clown. Follow blind. Order the line. Do the right. And just write in it all of my sense. Make sure to obey a strongly public in their vocabulary. The guy to go to the TV makes it a successful man. And bring him the world to the land. Follow blind. Order the line. Do the right. And just play in it all of my sense. And raise your complaints to the same exact press. America is so far away. Great one-five news that they don't need some of them. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. Which doesn't mean they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. Which doesn't mean they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. And they're not in the future. The same as that meant. Exactly. On 48, 12 minutes before noon is five, 60, no. Why? How about that sports? Crump. Ha-h-ha-ha-ha-ha. Oh, god. And we have plenty of sports. We've got a Mad Dog at two. Power with Hank in a Mad Dog at four. The Humper solo between five and seven. Well, what else he's going to do? We got no games. What time is that? Panthers don't love Friday. the car reminds one and all, let me take a look, I'll panter preview with seven o'clock. Oh look at that, look at that, get the anti-center for two hours in for Hank on Friday. So here I'm worried about all these hours he's got to work, he didn't even work on Friday. I must be another one on the stupid, I mean, what was great horse races this weekend? Did we ever find out which one it was last weekend? No. I want to do York. Yeah, what about us in the York? Anyway, panter previews at seven Friday. Panters open up the season against the Bruins at the Yenna Center on Friday. And guilty is going to be on a long time. We'll be seeing him hit the transmitter going. Sean Pan talks about the arrogant, the misguided and the cowards. Now today we like Sean Pan, right? Right. He's a little bit thin skin, takes himself a little too seriously. But in some days we like him in some days we don't all depend on what kind of crap he's all depending on what kind of crap he's spewing on that day. His hearts are the right place. There you go. After Sean Pan is sale the arrogant and misguided and the cowards who argue that an immediate pull out of our troops from Iraq would inspire lack of confidence and lost well when we had credibility of the USA and a statement written in preparation for anti-war demonstrations planned over 190 cities tomorrow. Friends and unfortunately, this functionary is indeed a velocity enormous credibility for the perception of our country internationally wrote pen and a statement read by actor Mark Rufalo on Monday night at Cooper Union in New York City. Who's Mark Rufalo? Is he akin to a Gary U.S.? Never heard of him? You didn't? No. The World can't wait to drive out the Bush regime emergency meeting with seldom response to passage of the torture bill. One of the reasons our people are keeping their eyes on the torture bill is opposed to whether Mark Foli is a pedophile. Ah, what's torture got to do with it? Well, it's to me like that wrestling down there that he's a lay on top of. That looks like torture to me. Yeah. Perhaps more damaging than that they've created the greatest cultural religious and political divide domestic resistance our own civil war pen wrote. Yeah, well, if they're having a civil war in Iraq, why can't we have another one in America? 10-Pay to three day visits to Iraq in December 2002 because the filthy American public was being adupped by a media perspective that saturates us every day and of course, E.S. on that. That's so lowly correct. If there's going to be blood on my hands, I didn't want that blood to be invisible then said in 2002. He says, we the people of the US have a unique opportunity. We can show each other in the world that what the Bush administration claims is their mission is not ours. And by leading our country as a citizenry and demanding of our government and immediate end to our own military and private investments in Iraq, this play for the entire world that democracy is a government of the people. What more powerful message to send to world and we ourselves can choose in policy and peace and in humanitarian support. Sounds to me like he's running for orphans, don't it? It does. In fact, as in one service to state, let's show the world that with democracy we can make the state do our bidding and that says Bidz would not be the blind ones given exosolated the friends of power. But rather, they domain of the people of freedom everywhere. This is a administration that advocates torture. These thieves of public spends billions of dollars on the field war. This is a administration where in the Europe Katrina, Exxon, Mobile, Claim the highest profit margin in the history of world business. It's a administration that bellows the means these thieves and indeed kills our brother's sister's sons and our daughters. At the US Mexico border we panic at the notion of illegal entry without blinking an eyes or elderly lineup every Saturday morning with wheelchairs, walkers, canes and joy pain, queued up in the desert heat to enter Mexico where they can purchase affordable medication. In a human family, this president is indeed pushing his wheelchair bomb grandmother down the stairs with a smile on his face. Everyone knows that these are true statements. Everyone, some are ashamed of where they put their support in the past, their passivity in the present with a courage of their minds and hearts at bay. What an exciting thing to reverse this is what America and show the world who wears the pants in this house. Stand up as an American and join World Can't Wait and those demonstrating this Thursday October 5 out of Iraq and out with Bush, say Sean Pan. How do you like that? Always like that Sean. You know they, he's going to act regularly. Huh? He's a good actor at least. The same as that crap. There you go. Yeah, wouldn't it be something if the Democrats leaked this to you? And people say, oh, what was the political thing? Well, you know it's too bad. Too bad. In fact, they're always, they're all talking now, or at least many of them are about, well, you know, look what's intended, coolly that crap. Mm-hmm. I guess Kenny Star was a Democrat, huh? Not. And by the way, something, what's that got to do with this? Nothing. If you were on the 5th floor. She was 23 years old and went to Washington with her presidential knee pads according to her. And was there looking to exactly what she did? She was actively. I don't think that Ms. Fudge was back then, San. Well, she was the perpetrator. She was the one that, of course, she was a beast. She was a beast. Pig, a cow. Mm-hmm. Although not as big of a beast in the crowd, she is now about. This is the beast. Have you been down on your knees praying for a quick, easy way to lose those unwanted pounds? Believe me. I know the feeling. Hi. I'm Monica Lewinsky. Well, good for you, honey. Pig. Anyway, sticking to celebrities, you're going to feel really bad. I almost feel bad, but I'm too much of a hard-hearted bastion to do that. Remember I had you by the inquire last week? Right. And you saw that horrible picture of Ferra? I know, it's still scarred. TV legend Ferra Fossil is battling cancer. The inquire was learned exclusively. Oh, you've got to. I really bad about putting that nasty picture in your heart. Look in my head. Oh, that's right. Terrible. Doctors discovered a malignant tumor in her lower intestine and blasted away with radiation to shrink its sources. So, after surgery, you moved to Italy. In the past, the cancer, the 59-year-old former Charlie Zangil star faces chemo and more growing radiation treatments. The devastating news came after Ferra's trumpet appearance August 27th of the Emmy Awards, once she unveiled a stunning new look during a reunion. I mean, I thought we still fucking didn't even make a cool. Yeah, I was stunned. Yeah. During a reunion with angels, co-star Jackland Smith and Kate Jackson, and of course, the lovely Gary Newman. But it brought her back to get her for a long time. Love Ryan O'Neill, who survived his own battle with leukemia. Whatever happened to him anyway, kind of disappeared, thank God. Bugged the hell out of me. He couldn't act as a way out of a paper a sec. He kind of reminded me of who was that kid in the Disney movies that I hate like poison, which weren't her Russell. Kurt Russell kind of reminded me of him. Okay. Tasty and Irish. While I was handing him. After Ferra got to diagnosis cancer of the anus and lower intestine, cancer of the anus. Correct. She was devastated. Everyone on the family cried for days a long time. Family told the inquirer. And that she snapped out of it until run. I'm going to beat this, damn it. With a stick. After the anus and the intestine. Wow. Hey Ferra, watch your anus. She went to this list and it was a longer go, you know. Same message for our new Washington pages out there. Watch your back, don't watch your anus. How many of those kids are in this stargazing? Maybe they look at us still a scope. Or in a set of scope. Yeah. And a set of scope. Just watch where you stick that. Heew. That's right. Everybody's got to take at least one look at that picture under the pool. If you wanted to chuck open this, somebody be pressing things going on. Although of course when they're scandal and a Republican party, how do you press and can that be right? The biggest name of the state. The biggest name of the state. The biggest is wheel rotch versus force radio 560. If you ain't him. Haha. This is Pope John Paul Linn. And if he asks me, they only think more fun than playing grad ass with a Swiss guy. Is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Oh. From a caterers of the movie's Jackass. And Jackass too comes the motion picture everyone is talking about. They checked this out. I'm gonna stand the path of an odd coming break train. And not move. I wonder what will happen. Yeah. So, man, see the movie with death to find such that don't defy death. Hey, why do what happens when I stand in this bathtub? And Charlie does a plugged in coaster into the water. No. No. No. No. Tell me. We're average people try to impress you by attempting to cheat death. Ha, dude. Right now we're 15,000 kids here. I'm ready to jump out of the way. Without parachute. Let's see what happens. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The dumbest. One and a half hours. You'll ever spend in the theater. It's just so damn dumb. Yeah. Tell man. Everyone was harmed in the making of this movie. A lot of dumb kids out there. How do you think they could do me some of these dumb adults? Hey, there. Uh-huh. Something like a bad word. Was it good? Yes. So I said Jackass part 85 was really great. And then what you said? It was very funny. A lot of gross stuff in there, but it was very funny. Well, that's good. Don't to try them at home though. I used to because I'm there. A lot of stupid people. No, no, no. No, no. Not an impressionable people. Like I said, do try it at home. Yes. I read these stupid people fancy that way. That's why those movies are like a pubic service. You know, I don't know about you, but I get, well, of course it's the whole religion thing. You know, these good institutions people. What kind of an expression is that anyway? I never really thought about that until just this moment. Well, I said it. Good institutions. I'm sure it happened. Whatever. Goody, bad cranky lemon and the teenagers. Hmm. Play it. But it's not there. It's just Amish crowd. You know, well, of course they are. Amish grandfather says we must not think evil of this man. No, I have good thoughts about him, you know. He's a wonderful guy. Oh, look at what the name of this town is. I thought the name was like, Nicola, Nicola, Nicola, Nicola, Nicola, Nicola, Paradise, Pennsylvania. Paradise. Absolutely. Pennsylvania. A grieving grandfather told you, I'm real. It is not to hit the gunman who killed five girls in the Amish schoolhouse. Carried to pass to said today. As we were standing next to the body of this 13 year old girl, the grandfather was tutoring the young boys. He was making a point just saying to the family, we must not think evil of this man, the Reverend Robert Shank told CNN. It was one of the most touching things I've seen in 25 years of Christian ministry. He said, in other words, the girl was one of 10 shot by Charles Carl Roberts to fourth. There was how all these slime balls now. They all have like three names. They made the ragged. John Markar and Charles Carl Roberts. Well, this one is the fourth. He's not only got three names. He's got a number. Think of Charles Nelson Riley. After he invaded their one room schoolhouse in rural Pennsylvania on Monday. Three died of the scene two night early at Tuesday in hospitals. Funals were four victims are scheduled for tomorrow and the fifth will be on Friday. Five girls remain hospitalized at the E.N. Critical or Service Condition. At the families request, the hospital didn't provide details on the extended girls' injuries. Shank met with the families at two of the victims as well as the family of the gunman. Robert said no hint that he commits a chivalent act. The past you said. The boys of pastor involved in it. He's always good. God fear in people's shirt. Others who knew him described him as trouble. Kind of like trouble. One person had almost daily encounters with him said that she noted that he never looked and anyone's eyes. Never looked in anyone's faces. And she knew that there was something deeply troubling about him. Shank said. Although she did say, she was very careful to say that Charles Roberts was not an evil person that he was a deeply troubled man. That he had in her words. The sort of modest words of the omnisch. He had problems of the heart. I say. Well, now when Mark Foli and I have had problems of the heart and heart problem. Jack Meyer, member of the brethren community living near the omnisch in Lancaster County, said some local people were trying to follow Jesus teachings and dealing with the terrible herd. Jesus Christ. Right. What would Jesus do? As first of all, I don't think Jesus would go there. I think there's anybody here that wants to do anything but for give and not only reach out to those who have suffered loss in that way but to reach out to the families of the man who committed these acts he told CNN, what a Christian way to do it. And when I reach out to the family, even though they butcher this wonderful good Christian man, what they are Christians that's supposed to do. Sam is Stoltz for 63 or wonder if he's kind of aves Stoltz for the harness driver. Oh, Sam is Stoltz for the 63 and I'm a should work who lives a few miles away from the shooting scene told A and P that the victim is families will be sustained by their faith. And you know what they believe in? They'll God. We think it was God's plan. We're going to have to pick up the pieces and keep going. You told me. Oh yeah, it was God's plan because he was some mysterious ways and he's in the statistics bastard. Part of his plan is to have slime balls like this go in and shoot up a bunch of little girls. A funeral to us is much more important thing than they are birth because we believe in the hair after that children are better off than their survivors. He says, Sam Stoltzus. When members of the community died, they're buried in wooden coffins. Women in all white men in all black queen A and P. bodies are in bomb but on takers do not apply makeup. Funerals are held in line with the victim's home and they're delivered to the cemetery in a horse-drawn carriage. A hem is read but there's no singing God forbid. Do not be singing Othong. Yesterday police had Robert Stoltzus wife him arrested young relatives 20 years ago and was dreaming about blessing children again. Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Jeff E. Miller said Robert's been a target of the school for its school students and given various items found in the school intended to molest the children. Didn't get around with though. They found their one or two. Two of our KY in there. So the fact he chased all the boys out of there and that pregnant woman. He just wanted like to do little girls in there. But didn't have no time. So instead he just taught him instead. Meanie. But let's say not have any bad thoughts about him. He was not an evil man. He was a man of the crowd. You're a Christian? You're not supposed to. That's correct. Maralee writes on Capitol Hill Blue political fallout increases. Oh good. Peaback is a bitch in it. You're what sounds like to me? The same is that crap. That's right. From one direction in battle how speak with any has to do that cow. They have another donut. I have the ones with the sprinkles. I'm Denny. Took it on the chin Tuesday. It wouldn't be surprised that Mark Folti said that when an influence will conserve it of newspaper demanded his resignation for not in your intervening sooner and what's become the biggest sex scandal about Washington since the days of Monica Lewinsky. Oh, there's that name again. That big fact disgusting piece of tear. Monica Lewinsky. Where's that? Oh, we can't play that. What? Get out. Are you crazy? I'll listen to it in two. Okay. I'm ultra cautious now knowing the Nazis that we actually in an editorial yesterday, which I read you on the air. I myself watched in times the voice from the right of Gary's weight and the Bush administration and conservative quarters in Washington and beyond called for has to step down. It blasted him for essentially shrugging off indications and represented Mark Folti. One of has to do is deputies was engaging in sexual conversations and possibly sexual activity with underage males. He was trolling baby, trolling for f***ing that's it. And it begins with a C. Either when they were serving his congressional pages soon after their terms ended. It was trolling for congressional f***ing. Also from the right side of the political spectrum of coalition of more than 70 conservative pro-family groups expressed concern that how steel peel leaders may have shrugged off early warnings about Folti's behavior in order not to offend the radical gay rights movement. Oh, that's what it's all about. That's it. We don't want to piss off those gays. It appears that the conservative majority is given way to political correctness at a statement from the Arlington group coalition, which includes the anxious family research council, the American Family Association and the free congress foundation all a bunch of far-bis in a goiam. But has to do until a conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh yesterday he wasn't even considering resigning. Also got a pat on the back from another direction when President Bush weighed in. El Presidente. It was the first time Bush spoke publicly on the politically explosive subjects. And fully abruptly resigned before the CD held for 12 years on Friday after transcripts that his online conversations come sexually explicit and explicit and other suggested became public. And you know what LaToya said, don't you? That's damn sad that I kept standing. Right. I would just made in shock to learn about Congress and Folti's unacceptable behavior Bush said in Stockton, California, adding that any violation law should be prosecuted. Even so, Bush said he retains confidence in hasred is coming under increasing flag for lack for not acting sooner or stronger enough after reports surface in 2005 that Folti was engaging in inappropriate interactions with young male pages. I know that he wants all the facts to come out, Bush said from Stockton, we're visiting an elementary school and campaign role. We don't want to mention those elementary schools anymore. Remember what happened last time? I don't know. Bush said I'm confident he'll provide whatever leaders you're became to law enforcement and mis-immystication. Right. Bush's comments came into Republicans fearful the 40 scandal with custom control of how tried to dismiss political roots of war from Democrats who viewed the same possible shift of power with Glee. They're whooping it up. They also came as one of the most top-reaccounts he had a fully sexual activity surface on ABC News yesterday, which made public an explicit transcript and if an imperceptual account of that occurred is fully weighted to vote on the House floor. While not attacking hasured by name, the coalition conservative groups called for a full investigation and said the GOP leader is most demanded resignation of any house member who would act improperly in this manner. But another voice from the right focus focus focus focus on the family advocacy group to cry the political tone that the controversy has triggered. Thank how there was no that after Monica gave. Right. Those truly interested in protecting children from online predators should just spend time at less time calling for hasured to step down and more time demanding that suggested to Department of Force existing laws. She said. As to the said that representative John Shimkis, Republican of Illinois who heads the board that oversees the congressional page program, confronted fully about a series of suggested emails fully sent to that former page from Louisiana as well and told him to stop emailing the on man. Cut it out. Cut the crap. That's it. As she said, no further action was taken because the email stopped and the teenagers parents wanted no publicity. Oh, Sam Trudeon, Shimkis said they had no knowledge until I was striding the explicit instant messenger conversations, totally had been having with pages of for our former pages some as long as three years ago. I like that. I wonder is he using his phone as blackberry? What do you think? All of the above. All of these. Four hundred ten. Fourteen hundred and twenty two votes on the pool. We're going to top fifty hundred and easy today on Wednesday right after you him. Kippen or less, I think that puts a real feather in our tap feather in our. Right. Fourteen twenty two. I'll say no, don't forget it five o'clock. I don't want to keep reminding you, but I just, you know, I'll set a reminder. It's highly unlike an avalancy or don't have it up there yet. I don't want to get, you know, push you with him. Got to just load the nervous. Because once the crispy cream donuts are by the house, he's useless to rest of the day. There's now what you hear through the, right, fine? I hear it through the chat box. Fourteen twenty five on the pool, baby. Well, I have fifteen by one o'clock. God only knows what's going to happen by two. So this challenge to the basis for your rush. Four trillion five sixty. Okay, we're done. Okay, now there was another one of those false rejoins. I wouldn't mind if you'd ever had something important to come back with, like this. See what I mean. You're the one who's been on the moon. But you're, when you're like, you're a singer, but you've gone no hits on the charts. You don't have to go or down at the K-Mons. You don't have a show. Go making a dope video. Take it all. Your age is all return at any of your calls. You won't hear at pets or the full of all. You can't be all they're working on. You're career's in a song. What do you do? Go get a handicap and show off your wrong. Go walk the deep bone. You're human force to tell your house and your tongue. You can't even get off that thing with a star. One way to go is that a doll baby doll. Go make a dope video. Have a listen and power is killed before fate. That's all if you don't find acting like a baby. What's waiting for? Is an adult video. Go back home. Take a dope video. If you want a baby, what would you contract to find? Go get a website and put your film online. You need some dope. Go make a dope video. Go make a dope video. One way to go is an adult video. A dope video. Well, I've said it one thing. The first thing I've heard is a story. It's starting to burst open. So to speak, if I can use it. What a bunch of. A blogger is valid to reveal the identity of one of the boys congressman Marksholder communicated with according to rock story. William Kuro passionate America, whatever that is, has pledged that I've volzzy information at four o'clock central time this afternoon. Five o'clock. He also plans on discussing the boys identity on his radio show. Who the hell is William Kuro and what the hell is passionate America? You know what it sounds like to me? The same is accurate. Right. A press release issue by Kuro seems to quietly argue the boys not a private person, twice indicating that the information was discovered among publicly available material. Rarsh story and other news organizations have been aware of the identities of some boys involved in the scandal since first receiving the announcement of emails. Some even fail to read that one boy's email address from the messages published. None have as yet deliberately identified any of the boys involved. There is a possibility that this story will not be well received by some of the major news media Kuro's release notes. Mr. Kuro's evidence has been checked by many people to be accurate. And what's that going to accomplish? I don't know. I'm about to see the identity of the kids. What is that? I guess probably increases audience over the hell. He is very, very can be found. Is it not what he has the names and we're going to, would we put him on here? Maybe? No. What would that accomplish? And then of course you got a misplug just trying to say, well they were the ones. They were the evil doors. They these beasts. They 16 and 17 year old beasts. You still a beast. Yeah. What a fag. God. It's all the kids fall. Right. They were those clothes. You know those grandals. Andrew Gumball. Yeah. They were their pants down. They're kneecaps. How many by knock it right? Yeah. There's Ms. Foley. Well, we're going to be bringing you special reports this week on something we've was to manage there and crying. Oh, my God. It's the scene of international with this very stuffy British bitch. I was being able to breathe the British independent, which is a great newspaper. Andrew Gumball writes, why is the US gun culture in the news? And the headline on the story is the big question, can America ever be weed off its level fair with guns? Yeah. No. Same old crowd up. Right. He says this week's school shootings in Amish country, which five children died are just the latest and they seemingly never went things string us, spectacitor mass murders to hit the headlines in the USA. Last week, a gunman in the Colorado Rockies burst into a school room and killed a student before turning his weapon on himself. Seven years ago, we had to bug that the Columbine High School. We've had to scramble the employees shooting up their former workplaces, shootings in fast food restaurants, and a person or in forward test shooting up his local church. Each time it happens, a panoply of reasons come to the fore. Gun control activist, playing the phenomenon largely is not wholly on easy access to firearms. Cultural conservatives like to blame Hollywood for its violent movies and video games. Other frequently identified causes are the prevalence of anti-depressant prescriptions. They could peculiar alienation of new white suburbs and the war perfect of the media. There's no question that the gun culture is stepping back to the frontier spirit of the 19th century and justified at least by gunarmers for fabricants by the second member of the Constitution, plays a major role in perpetuating the high numbers of violent deaths. In the US there are roughly 17,000 murders a year of which about 15,000 are committed with firearms. By contrast, Britain, Australia and Canada combined, see fewer than 350 gun related murders each year combined. And if not just about murder, the non-gum related suicide rate in the US is consistent with the rest of the world, factor in firearms in the rate of suddenly twice as high as the rest of the developed world. It's easy. Children are affected especially hard in American youth is murdered with a firearm every four and a half hours on average and in American youth commits suicide with a firearm every eight hours. It's worth remembering that the mayor of the most spectacular mass murderers of recent years are really suicides with a perpetrator choosing to take a few other people out with them while they were at it. Gun control advocates argue they managed to carry out their murderous fantasies only because firearms give them the means to do so. Any adult with a claim criminal record can buy a gun in the US with relative ease. Gun shops and dealers will conduct mandatory background checks and produce them to the 1993 Brady bill named after the White House press secretary James Brady was hidden to save a during the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan 81. But dealers and gun shows populate throughout the heartland and widely advertised here on WQAM are exempt from the federal law making it easy for criminals or children to lay their hands on whatever they want. These semi-automatic tech nine machine pistols used by Harrison Klevel to Colabine were bought at a Colorado gun show. Federal law marginally is subject to constant pressure from the National Rifle Association the powerful gun ownership lobby group, which has the influence to run elected officials out of office of the dear to challenge its agenda. That explains why a nationwide ban on semi-automatic assault weapons introduced during the Clinton administration was allowed to expire on the eve of 2004 presidential election despite the abiding fear of Al-Qaeda sleeper cells possibly operating in the US and planning another attack. Not only did John Kerry, the Democratic candidate not feel able to use this as a campaign to show against President Bush, he felt obligated to tout his own gun-loving bona fidees for the fear of losing key swing states such as Pennsylvania. State by state gun control laws vary widely. California's relatively strict, Colorado closed the gun show loophole in the wake of Columbine and Oregon is followed suit. Seven states have us all weapons banned and 19 have laws making it a crime for gun owners to leave weapons in places where they might fall into the hands of a child. Pennsylvania with its hunting and shooting traditions, the movie Dear Hunter was set there, as one of the worst gun control regimes. The Brady campaign to prevent gun violence gave Pennsylvania a deep plus grade last year. Donald Sutherland, the Canadian board actor once pointed out it's almost as easy to buy a gun in Canada as it is in the US, yet the incidents have done related deaths in Canada is dramatically lower. He argued that both countries have a frontier spirit only that the iconic figure of the Canadian West is the Mori law officer while the iconic figure of the American West is the outlaw, a cowboy. Gangsters and Kramson to get to have flourished in the US and Hollywood is certainly done as a bit to glamorize the empowerment of a man wielding a firearm. Like look at Brotsy's behavior. Even the most ardent gun control either, Kirstal Agnals, there is more going on than just access to deadly weaponry. Tom Mouser, or that Mumser, Tom Mouser, who lost the son of the Columbine shooting, blamed several other factors. He sees a latent violence in the culture, spanning everything from television shows to the uncompromising rhetoric of talk radio to the eruption of road rage. He also worries about alienation among young people, part parental oversight, and that quick communication between school authority figures in the students, especially in a suburban high school such as Columbine. Parked Deez, perhaps America's foremost criminal profile, and believes that saturation media coverage of one mass murder will lead almost inevitably to another mass murder within a couple of weeks. He told the independent recently, it's not that the news coverage made the person paranoid or armed or suicidely depressed, but you gotta imagine the small number of people sitting at home with guns on their lap and a hit list in their mind. They feel willing to die. When they watch the coverage of a school shooting or workplace mass murder, it takes only one or two of them to say, that guy is just like me, and that's the solution to my problem, that's why I'm going to do tomorrow. The Amish country murders bear a disconcerting similarity to last week's shootings in Bayley, Colorado. In both cases, the government released a voice in the Roman attack to girls, coincidence? Perhaps more a case of one high-profile event triggering another. Is there a hope for an end to America's gun violence? He says yes. With every high-profile mass murder victims advocates in gun control lobbyists gain more visibility and more influence. Some of it eventually will make the link to Homeland Security why make it easy for al-Qaeda to acquire assault weapons. And yes, the numbers of American children dying gun violence means sooner or later the madness will stop, but no Congresses in trouble the NRA and his two-scared to act. The births of reformist energy that followed columnbinus of sighted in the most recent mass murderism in green and with resigned indifference, and the US media is too addicted to its regular real-life horror show to want it to stop. Yeah, this is, these are reality shows, right? Is now with the big deal is now? Sure. He'd be reality shows, baby. Shoot him off. Kill a few people. Let's see American F and Way. See now I read that one story and I'm starting to do that. You know, the MF here and MF there and we'll go out and kiss a people. That's right. Now get that bleep ready, baby. Get a ready. Get the Joyce meter ready. Bitch. Twenty-seven past no to five, sixty-one to two, and of course that I don't know why we are stories about gun control because Gornish health and man, you might as well be farting into a wince. That's right. F farting into a tornado. You know, farting into a hurricane. It's been going to hurricanes. It is the day of fourth of October. We got over a month ago for hurricane season. So isn't it about time? It did something smart. And so if the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparations, the hurricane shut about led manufacturers easy to use according to instructors and now even provides effort in solution for a two if you like call them in nine five four two three seven seven oh eighty three. They feature rule downs, accordions and panels two. Just like the good folks at hurricane shut about. Let's just make even install their shutters for you. All right. Now nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three get on your way to top match protection. You'll never have to worry about it again. The hurricane shut about led manufacturers and they brought in Palm Beach County approved. They stock all sizes of clear, polycarbonate hurricane panels and lumine panels. Cut to your respects and ready for pickup or delivery. Like I said, if you like that one, call them for you too. The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted. And if you mentioned my name, tell them ancient neals in July. They'll give you a hundred bucks off a minimum order of 150 square feet. Hurricane shut about what call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three or just log on to their website hurricane shut or outlet dot com. The feasting so best tell us the faces wheel rotors for radio five sixty. Okay. And. Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and biking. Two chicks to scream into. Let's all they seem to do. The shows become a normal way to interact. Feel back for a little professional way. I bet you want to break a low depth net. Now the flat core to do it. When the two lie the ball to you. The rosy took setters day. Joy is in the range. It's like this weekend's more and tough. Preset yelling at the top of their lungs. Like Saturdays with him you will bear booze. They made their ball they do. Hot jerks can bust the deal. With some of their guests look a little bit shell shot. Can't sneak in a word. For example, with baddy wise, with some boys shows. She got sober, nerve and she left behind the turn. It was a calming class. But now it's a steel cage match. It went from peaceful to way now in fast. Need a bullet from fail. It's like a fan's breast test. Watching games where your pain isn't chest. We're so discussed with him. We didn't watch it anymore. Did we ever watch it in the first place? No. Watch that crap. Watch your shut-ins. Slowly shut-ins the same rods. And he wondered why we got tourists. And then Bob Geiger, and then we got a little while ago. He said, I don't want to keep reinforcing this. But you've seen it. I've been to the Fox things. I didn't find 40s in the front. Bob Geiger says, let's get one thing out of the way. What I'm for. I believe that most thinking Americans understood long ago. The Fox News is to journalism. What the Republican Party is to ethics. In other words, the two just didn't relate it. As if we needed more proof that Fox might as well be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Republican Party. There they were last night. In three separate video cutaways identifying disgrace to Republican Congress and Mark Foli as a Democrat. And it's got a picture right here from the footage from the screen. And there is former Congressman Mark Foli and it says, D. Afflorida. On two segments of the O'Reilly fact, you're dealing with the Republican pedophile. Fox showed video footage of Foli with a better reading. Former Congressman Mark Foli, D. F. F. They did this at least three different times. And I'm sure we'll respect everyone to believe that this could have been in instantly made it through the editors and fact checkers. So examine these things before they appear on the air. Yeah, right. I guess the only possible mitigating fact that Fox News can give today is that other than the fact that the show's host is indeed named Bill O'Reilly, the entire show is lies. So the chance to be when believing the 40 is actually Democrat or quite slim. That's not as real they may there is it? Who said Bill O'Reilly? So he did that to a lot. Markowitz? Yes. While the managing editor in most news organizations would have been calling for someone's head. Well of course, yeah, that's right. If you're not real name isn't what you use on the air like, Hey, okay. And the whole show is a bunch of lies. While the managing editor in most news organizations would have been calling for someone's head when this happened. The biggest argument in Fox headquarters today is undoubtedly over how big the responsible employees bonus should be. Nick, you. I think it in a few thousand. 30,000. It's a sublumple thing. You know, they realize a lot of stupid people out there. So they just put it on the screen, Democrat or Florida people and all the people say, Oh, gee, I didn't realize that he's a Democrat. Right. Oh, he's just a. You're fair. Positive queen. What's out of the closet now? Is where once you know that he's a gay man. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I bet you ain't feeling too gay these days. I don't know what he's feeling. Oh, if you look at that picture, it works to me like he's feeling something. And what about we're talking about those wrestlers? Oh, no argument here. You didn't drop me. He was a rancler in the middle of something. He said he had a friend who was a big into it. Well, I'd stay the hell away from him. Michael McCarthy, environmental editor of the independent rights for a lot of stuff from the Britain dependent. Thank God there's at least one or two good papers in the world. And most of them are in the USA. The century of drought. Now I mentioned this to George before and he just like, ah, we don't care. We have to look at what it here. Yeah, like we care about droughts. Well, if it's a bunch of droughts one place, that means you're going to be gigantic plus elsewhere. And I want to say I want to mention a name. A third of the planet will be desert by the year, 2100. So a climate experts in the most derbording, the effects of global warming. A third of the whole planet will be desert. And then the foot in slot machines. And they're like, you want to have to go far to go to Vegas. The whole tell to you. That's right. Droughts written in the lives of millions of us spread across half the land of the earth in the coming century because of global warming. According to new predictions from Britain's leading climate scientists. Recently would not be allowed to say those things in the USA. They'd be lined up and taken out for dinner. Extreme drought, which in which agriculture is in effect impossible, will affect about a third of the planet according to study from the Met Office's Hathley Center for Climate Prediction and Research. And more than the, it's one of the most derbore cans so far, the potential effects of rising temperatures around the world. Yet it may be an under estimate. The scientists involved say yesterday. The findings released at the climate clinic at the Conservative Party Conference in Bornmouth through a astonished and dismayed reactions from eight agencies in development specialists who feared that the poor development countries will be worst hit. That's year 2100. That's like 94 years from now, we'll all be dead. This is genuinely terrifying, said Andrew Pendleton of Christenade. It's a death sentence for many millions of people. It'll mean migration to the land at levels we haven't seen before. And levels poor countries cannot cope with. Water Britain's leading experts on the effects of climate change under developing countries and resims from the New Eat, economic foundation, said there is no more no aspect of life in developing countries that these predictions don't undermine. The ability to grow food, the ability to have a safe sanitation system, the available of water. For hundreds and millions of people from getting through the day is already a struggle, this is going to push them over a precipice. The findings represent the first time that the threat of increased drought from climate change has been quantified with a super computer, climate model such as the one operated by the Hathalie Center. Their impact is likely to even be greater because the findings may be ununderrestment. The state denunitled potential effects on drought from global warming and news changes towards carbon cycle. In one unpublished met office study when the carbon cycle effects are included, future drought is even worse. The results are regarded as most relevant at the global level, but the clear implication is that the parts of the world already stricken by drought, such as Africa will be the places where the predictant increase will have the most of the effects. The study models, how a measure of drought known as the Palmer drought severity in X is likely to increase global, globally during the coming century, but predicts the changes in rainfall and heat around the world because of climate change. It shows the PDSI figure for moderate drought currently a 25% of the earth surface, rising to 50% by 2100, the figure for severe drought currently about 80%, rising to 40%. The figure for our streamed out currently 3% rising to, about 30%. Like I said, well, I'll be dead. And it goes on and on and on, but all the horrible things are going to be happening. Why should we carry about people serving grandchildren stuff like that, right? Everybody always tossing with you again, oh, what's the legacy we're going to leave for our children here right? Audio headquarters out there making babies man. It's really it's tragic. Am I right? Absolutely. I mean, this folder said, he said, let some of those fans have a chance at him. We'll treat him with tender love and care as nobody said. Kid gloves. He said he treats the kid with blood. Yeah. Rubber gloves. I'm surprised he didn't have the gloves on when he went to his super computer. There he is laying on hands or just laying on that kid. Says relaxed and I just teach you we can be wrestled. Try the donuts with the sprinkles. Pick a few could that. We got 15, I'm at four of us on a pool and for you all fine. We're gazetion donuts by the fist pool. He's a 50% of the clock. Tell us to the faces. We'll rock you. You kids are so sure we know 560. You a M. So, Graham, I urge everyone to complain to this station.