Kill the cold. Okay, okay, okay, okay. All right. You killed me, cool. You killed me, cool. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You killed me, cool. You killed me, cool. That's good. I killed you, too. I can't do this, you fool. I can't do this, you fool. That night when she turned off all the light, there's no place where she could hide on the ocean. Oh, gee, what's going to get her? Oh, gee, what all two kill her? Oh, gee, what all two kill her? One day the two have he's got a sad three or a jay? Well, we know he'd go to head your way, hey? Oh, yeah. No one's just gonna get you. It's true, oh day is gonna come after you And that you'll get away with that water Oh yeah, oh, we're James gonna get you Oh, James gonna get you, oh James gonna get you She's gonna get you, oh Oh I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm too cool. I'm going to take Clarence over there. That was the only thing missing from that movie. I saw it on cable last night for the first time. HOSTEL for those of you who don't travel very much. Youth hostels are real cheap, low budget hotels. Through almost every European city you'll find youth hostels. There were groups of backpacks hanging out, like Tendau and a room and one tour for the entire floor. Stuff like that. Kind of stuff that you guys could afford. Thanks. We'll talk about that because all three of us are seen hostile. And Josh and Miguel thought it was great. What? We actually also matched point and thought that was pretty damn good. We can't talk about it very much because we don't give it away. Just keep your eyes on the ring. When you think that's a good suggestion. That's not a giveaway. Anyway, I know a lot of people probably think that today's pool is the same one as yesterdays. And we apologize because Sean, Sean, you ought to apologize, baby. Be in lazy senses thanksgiving weekly, easier than usual. I figured well, I'll just steal a whatever Sean effects didn't. And come to find out he had these two pools almost side by eight. And they are damn near the same. Pretty much. Yesterday we asked, what's your biggest regret and today what do you feel guilty about? Most. But at any rate. Too bad. But before we get to the poor results, man files complete in dog feces dispute. Her most to beach California, quadruplegic man has filed a complaint in L.A. Superior Court against the her most to beach police claiming he was thrown to the ground. After dispute over who had picked up his dog feces. David Nichol said his civil rights were violated in August 2005, while he was walking a service dog along the beach. The 43 year old man claims he was first yelled at by a hotel employee for not picking up after his dog. A job he claims belonged to the hotel worker. The hotel worker then flagged down a police officer to Nichol's to stop his wheelchair. Accounts of what happened next differ in the police report. And the lawsuit. Nichol's claims he was forced to the ground by the officer but the police reports dates. Nichol's fell from his chair out of the pavement during a struggle. The incident triggered an internal investigation within the police department, and the outcome has been revealed. Nichol's been confined to a wheelchair since 2002, skiing accident, left him paralyzed. The suit demands a jury trial, unspecified compensation because he wouldn't clean up his dog's craft off the beach. I like that. I thought that. Quadruplegic guy and other words is he was walking his dog on the beach. How do you walk your dog in a wheelchair? You know. And if I have to hear any more about mic Richards or Denise Richards or Brad Richards or Keith Richards, I don't want to hear any more about it or Jerry Seinfeld. I didn't watch the show. I'm the only person in the mirror who didn't watch it. I hate that show. I hate your e-sign film. I can't stand a whole bunch of them and then hell with it. Hey, the people care about micol. Why don't? I don't. I did not care about mic Richards. If I wouldn't have read the article, I wouldn't have any idea who that was. None. So it's not just the fact that I'm not in South Florida most of the time that I'm out of touch. I'm out of touch with a lot of things. You know what? I'm ecstatic that I'm out of touch with Seinfeld and mic Richards and all of that crap. All this stuff. And that be in your pulvered rigors that was up there in that comedy club. Well, he was supposed to apologize and he wasn't welcoming him. I'm going to go back across the border. He's bloody actually pulvered. I know that, but I don't want to hear his BS. Okay. I don't want to hear all this mowning and groaning. He was supposed to apologize. Yeah. Now you just stick it up for him because you're sure his name ends in Z. He must be Cuban. That's the reason you're sticking up for him. There were no Cubans in the movie hospital or even in matchpoint. Yeah, you're like them both. Yes, you got it. Hostel was, and the only reason I stopped him watching when I came across it on the cable last night is because it started out and it's set on there. A bunch of American punks backpacking through Amsterdam. So I thought, well, I might be fairly interesting. Might bring back some interesting memories. A lot of movies in it. I'll say that. Oh yeah. A lot of almost small of them fake though. I know if you really refuse an IMDB which you only got a 5.8. And deservedly so from hostile reviews there. Yeah, a lot of hostile reviews. Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday. How many votes are we at 50.03. And we got to pull up last night late. It's a very long story. I got to call from Eric as I was trying disbelief. It affects him the pull and it wasn't going through. You try to fix me a pause. Yeah. You were like that. You've been having some issues lately. He's been having, we've been having technical issues all over the place of late. You know, just one of those things. So thanksgiving week. Anyway, so what I had to wind up doing was faxing it to his wife at work at her work. And then she brought it home, which haven't at least either came home much later. I don't know. I got up there kind of late. And we don't care. Like I told Eric, your case eros are out. We don't care. It's there. Have fun with it. Diddle with it. Vote on it and the spit on it. Whatever. Yeah. It is comforting to know though. If you lose some body parts like we get a couple of fingers chopped off. That they stop bleeding right away and your body doesn't go into shock. And you can just stuff the fingers in your pocket or whatever for later on. That's right. And just keep uh, Moshing right along. Or remember that for what it happens. Like that the kid didn't move me last night in hostile. So if anybody chops off your fingers or other body parts, just shove them in your pocket. They just keep uh, keep on keeping on. What should biggest regret the ass I missed. All the action I could ahead and I passed on. I was too stupid to a scared to dumb. The ass I missed 485 almost a third. Missed ass. Never want to college 165. Never found true love and we still don't have the song. 119. We don't want to hear it anyway. So boring and seropy. Getting married 115. 7.6% of the audience say that's the biggest regret getting married. We should have been a better person. 112. I hate this full 17. Down to a mere 7.1% but that's pretty good. I was trying to get under 10. Remember? Yeah. I have no regrets 92. These are people who've had a wonderful perfect life. They regret nothing or they're too stupid to realize what they missed. Getting fat. 89. So bad regret. Once you get fat, usually you're your whole life you want to be in fat. Number one of house 54. Smoking cigarettes 43 and growing a gigantic tumor or whatever you're grown in your lungs and all that other stuff. Was allows you son or daughter 40. Abusing drugs or booze 33. Having kids 28. Didn't graduate high school 14 and getting divorced only 7. I would think that most people have divorced our, you know, happy about it. They're growing a party. Yeah, then I haven't regrets. They're very ecstatic about, you know, cutting the cord. Like they didn't move me last time when he cut the cord on our eyeball. Why don't want to ruin it for you? I don't want to say to that she jumps in front of the train at the end. See that? That's the movie you really can't ruin because nobody watches it for the plot. Because there isn't any plot. Right. It's your average cheesy horror movie. Just about a bunch of wealthy guys in Slovakia and this private club. And these people have enough money that they can pay you know, thousands of dollars to for, you know, people of different ethnic origins in American, a nice lady. Yeah. Yeah, they liked American. What was it 25 grand for him for his body? And then they torture them and dismember them and mutilate and murder and whatever. And then how do you like to have that one guy's job? They're the guy that was in the big room with all the furnace, you know, chopping up the body parts and even a minute of the furnace. Five hundred eighty four votes on the pool. So we're not going to make a thousand a day. If we do it'll be a major miracle. And you know what it's Thanksgiving week? We're not the no pressure man. That's why I look at it. No pressure this week. Clarence wants to apologize to the entire world. I'm sure even though he won't because he's not decent enough to do it for a being a schmuck. He ought to be in that room where they're dismembering and chopping and stuff like that. You're very whiny. Of course if they tried to chop his balls off, it probably wouldn't have much success because you know, where there's no sense there's no feeling. You have to have the equipment. Five hundred eighty four votes. What do you feel most guilty about? Not regret, see? You see the difference? Probably not. Now, most guilty about nothing. Two seventy four. That's what I voted. I don't feel guilty about that. Oh. Cheat down. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I hate this pool so far. 58 percent nine point nine. Just barely under ten percent. We'll get that down. Get it down. I voted for Bush twenty eight people. Feel guilty about that. And rightfully so we're going to track your ass down. Cheat down. My taxes twelve and I never vote eleven. Probably bitch and belly aching moan about this one. Now I'm going to be a little bit more. But they never bothered to vote because they're lazy. Okay. They're lazy and they make excuses. Oh well my vote won't make it a difference. I'll crap like that. A lot of people are. Oh that's a nice place though. And of course there are people in a vote because they figure it's a total waste of time. And they're all pretty much the same anyway. And you know something. Maybe they do have a point. That would be my point of view. Right. You didn't vote in this last lesson. Didn't mean to deny because it was nothing to vote for. I could have voted in absentee like I did in the press. An initial election. I didn't do it. But am I going to vote for? I voted in the last presidential election. Yeah. Like I just said so did I. I don't know if I got countered. Not probably not. Yeah. 10 13 at five sixty. WDQM. It's a Tuesday. We got the mad dog at two now. He's not on the day. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm talking right now. He's not on the day. Who told me that? Where did I hear that? I heard somebody say that. You might want to double. Yeah. A little bird. I'm out. He's right now. A little pigeon just dropped something. He said the message in it is a man. I don't know. Well, we're here from Curtis. It's pretty enough. Power hour with Hank at four and then the hump or five to seven. Then we got the hurricane crap. College tailgate at nine o'clock presented by the FedEx Orange Bull. I'm sure there'd be a lot about Brady Quinn. We got a new Brady Quinn picture on our Myspace. Any K10 tonight. No ball games. No panther games. The Panthers were the rare victory last night on the road. I didn't like that. Any interest? I think it's ass and then I'll steal us to pay. I'll steal us to pay. All right, well, welcome back to the Mohawada Daviders Show on your more mucus station. Well, we got a special guest journey in this today. Oh, no. Not off the feedler again. That's Jay Feedler yet. I'm scow. Wow. And today, him either. I'm even tired of dropping his date. But I always do ratings party. Yeah, I don't want to talk about it. What? I see. I thought it was an old nude ratings party. Clarence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude. So I shows up naked and everybody ran out of there. Yeah, because she showed up naked. Now he told Luan the same thing. Oh, yeah. Well, oh, yeah. Here comes our special guest for real, right? Well, what do you know? What do you say? Well, this has gotta be one of the premier radio shows on the air today. Well, of course. Oh, the f**k, but you guys are a panther. What f**k is that boy? He's talking about Leo Showmo. Let me tell you something. But I know what you're hoping at Spoo Showmo. That guy there is gay in the limftre. Well, got loaded and hoot and swiss. What is the proof? That's allowed in here. This is a sports station. Ah, button the top of your shirt. I know right. That button. And you've got this down. What am I doing? No, I need to obey. I suppose you want to raise me now. Yeah. You got it. Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Yeah, you're going. No chance you'll best be. I see enough of these games as a bokeh every day. I want you job. My job. That's a different kind of right. I'll have you know I'm the king of the station. And you have to go. What is the good? All you have to do is to add a yellow bow. What's the meaning of this? Please large felons are here to escort you outside. Good. You've been a king for the kingdom of the king. Why of course, small. You can always count on me. Miss Carlos and Tim. Come on, sister. Let's go. Get that put off. Drop that and tight blue. Oh, and just one other thing before you go. What's the foot? The door. The door. The door. Take them away, fellas. No, I don't. Now maybe we'd like to see him and one of those cheers over there in Slovakia. What do you think? Okay. Maybe the first thing they would do to take off the old hairpiece. They probably would have moved that right away. 627 votes on a poll today. What do you think? Do you think we have an outside shot at making the thousand by two o'clock? Maybe. I never know. Got it in the bag, man. Now what do we find out about is a Curtis out of day? Oh, we didn't find out anything. Oh, Curtis is on today. And tomorrow. Really? That's right. How come nobody is being shouted to me right now? Bye. Yeah. I was getting food so I couldn't find the gallia. Oh. What do you mean you were getting food? Thank you. Always. No. Something new and exciting. Oh, I'm not not to take how he's for granted, but that we just take them for granted. Thanks a lot, how he's. After you said, over enough free food for years and years, we just taken for granted. Don't figure out something special. It's very good always, of course, isn't it, guys? Yeah, it's a little bit. But nevertheless. What did he say? Absolutely. 627 votes on a poll. So when we get back to hostile, if you have an appetite for blood and Gorin, naked chicks, you're like it. Otherwise, it does. Like I said, prominent anti-serene Christian political peer, Jamile was assassinated in a separate bay root today. His party is party is radio station reported. Let's see, his party is radio station. Wouldn't that be magic? His fatal shooting will certainly hide in the political tension in Lesbian on where the leading Muslim Shiite party has blah. He's trying to top it. The government, if he doesn't get a bigger saying, cabinet decision making. Jamile was rushed to nearby hospital, seriously wounded, but died. Jamile, the minister of industry and center former prison, Amin, Jamile, was a member of the Falange party. That sounds like something heavy to do with a male member of Falange. Doesn't it look like a border? A border? A border? Very close. And support of the anti-serene parliamentary majority, which is locked in a large struggle with pro-Syrian factions led by Hezbollah. These ragheads over here and those ragheads over there. So anyway, getting back to this movie again, what is it that you liked about it? We saw the Ali and naked chicks in the blood and guts. I actually think it's a pretty good story. What was the story? I don't know. It makes you think, you know, next time you go to Europe. Oh, yeah. I know I'm going to be canceling all my trips to Europe, and certainly not going to be going to Slovakia any time soon. Well, we don't know that restriction you're staying at a hostel either. Well, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't. It had nothing to do with the fact that there were staying there. All the two ticks, it would be where the, you know, be where those real nasty sluts, I guess, is the message in the hostel. That's right. Because they were the ones that condominate. They were a couple of minutes, so to speak. And they lured them to that place and come to find out that place was not just torture museum, but there was like real torture going on. And the severing body parts and chop and listen at. And that's what it's all about. Eli Roth was the director of a Quentin Tarantino, got his name on his somehow, because they showed a quick clip of about two seconds of pulp fiction to background on one scene. I think it was the empty name scene where they were putting mayonnaise on the body parts. Yeah, there were sticking, there were sticking the fingers in mayonnaise. I'm not going to say that I regret having watched it, but it was really just smart me. Yeah, it was like two steps away from transporting and I wouldn't watch that. That's a good flick. Yeah, right. I'm telling you. I'm not, you know, listen, if you got past that, you know, you might like it. I don't want to see some guys fishing around in the toilet bowl for what he just left behind or somebody, I'm not into that. Okay, just not my bag. Okay, it's not my cup of tea. Anyway, get into the big story. Well, maybe everybody will watch Hostel since they're not going to get to see the two part OJ movie. I'm Fox. Well, they need something to do now. I think he would enjoy that movie when you think it's right up his alley. Yes, it is. A lot of body parts, a lot of blood and guts. And how much would you pay to take it to OJ? That's a good one. When I pay to take him over there and put him in the same situation and chop him up in the little pieces. That's right. Oh, at least 20 grand. You'd probably chip in 20 cent. Yes, I would. Maybe even more than that. About 30 minutes. 30 cent. After a firestorm of criticism, a news corp said Monday that it cancelled the OJ Simpson book and TV special. If I did it, if chickens peed. I and senior management agree with the American public that this was an ill-consented project. It had a report Murdoch news corp's umptious chairman. We're sorry for any pain. This is caused to families around Goldman and the cold brown Simpson. You know, is everybody now? The new deal is they're apologizing. If you know what's that? This is a whole deal. You got Michael. What's his name is apologizing? Richard. Richard. Denise. Richard. And now we got the. This. Schmerell is apologizing that if we're going to put this crap on here. We're going to put this crap on here. We're going to put this crap on here. We're going to put this crap on here. I apologize. Right. We could play the Michael Richard apology if you'd like. We won't. Okay. Listen, maybe you want to spend a whole bunch of time on that crack. Hey, what's the number one red story on the website? A dozen fox affiliates that already said they would not air the two parts. The official plan for next week before the November 30th publication of the book by Ragan Books. The publishing house is a Harper Collins imprint on just like the fox network by News Corp and River Murdock. That's slime ball. That money grabbing maniac in the project. Simpson speaks in hypothetical terms about how he would have committed the 94 slangs of his ex-wife Nicole and his friend Goldman. Relatives of victims have lashed out of the now scuttled publication in broadcast plans. And Fred Goldman's got like a regular segment there on a King show air. He's under acting outrage thanking the American public for their outrage and canceling the Ammon and on and on. You know, almost makes you lose your sympathy for the whole for him. You know what I'm saying? Maybe you should have killed Fred instead of Ron. You know, at least Ron was the young guy. Had his whole life ahead of him. Good young Jewish guy. But Fred, he's just starting to get on my nerves and that mustache. Ever seen him and John Bolton together? Absolutely the same guy. I said, both of them over to Slovakia. Strap him down. What made, what do you feel most guilty about? Not either anything off of this, this guilty thing? What, uh, I don't know. Nothing in my opinion. Well, think about it. Six hundred forty nine votes. Nothing three away. And it feels guilty about anything. That's good. Have a clear conscience even if you're a miserable son of a bitch. Drinking too much. 152. Cheating on my spouse or partner 69. Well, maybe they don't feel guilty about it because they enjoyed it a lot and they're going to keep doing it. I hate this pool. 65. 10%. That's bad. That is really bad. I voted for Burs 32. Cheating on my taxes 12. And I never vote only 11. The biggest name. So best talents for the business. The Rogers. For Shredio 560. You A M. Me. You. Yeah. You. Bitty. Hey, Bert. Is that you? Coming to a theater near you. Bert. Are you in the basement? Just in time for Halloween. Woooo. Nightmare. On a Sesame Street. Part six. The revenge of Bert. Nightmare on Sesame Street. Brought to you by the letter A as in. 10. 32. At 560. Corsettes almost as scary as a hostel. But not quite. Probably a better scripted. But nevertheless. So anyway, the final line that's to my Fred Goldman says of O.J. He destroyed my son. Took from my family, runs future in life. And for that I'll hate him always. And find him despicable. Is it what we need to hear any more about how Fred feels about O.J. No. But you're going to. Andre Waters. Did you see this story? Yeah, I did. I don't remember him. I don't need there. You'll probably remember. So he's a big football guy. Oh, yes, sure. Do you remember Andre Waters? No. A graduate of Pahoki High School who's been most of his 12 scenes in the NFL with the Philadelphia Eagles. Diet early yesterday in Tampa, he was 44. The Hillsborough County Medical Examiner conducted an autopsy city database. Self-inflicted. Corsias wounded the head. He had been working as assistant football coach in Georgia at Ford Valley State University School's spokeswoman Cindy Gamble said. I don't want to make a light of it, but if you have to be working in Georgia, you probably blow your brains out too. Waters joined the Eagles out of Cheney State. Or is that Cheney State? If anybody watched a hardball Chris Matthews that idiot with his politics, he calls as a Cheney, Vice President Cheney. Why does he do that? Just to be aggravating because he's an A whole. God, why hate Chris Matthews. Well, you sure hate a lot of people, Neil. That is correct. Waters joined the Eagles out of Cheney State in 84 and played with him at Cornerback in 5293. Spend his last two scenes with the Arizona Cardinals. The watery blow is brains out. Waters who was born in Beldclade was in his first year coaching at Fort Valley State. Many students, including football players, aren't our campus as we because of Thanksgiving. Football coach Deon, we Clark, loaded Waters for an outstanding college career that enabled him to make the NFL. He also coached Morgan State, South Florida, and Alabama State before coming to Fort Valley State this summer. He of Lewis, Reigns up. Arizona Cardinals and Georgia, put all his components together and you got components for suicide, blowing your brains up. So now it's like we're going to QA and we're working for Clarence. Is that something that I have to, we have to do an investigation to find out who's on the schedule today? It's something. And like he had to call him a killer home and wake him out of a dead sleepiest at the Greenland. But I'm sure that Joe figures, you know, we're just making this all up. Yeah, we're making it up, Joe, because we're trouble makers and we're bad guys. We're evil. Well, you are, trouble maker. Yeah, no question about that. An ocean of provocateur. Guess what country in the world other than Slovakia, I'm sure is the most unfriendly country visitors. What would that be? I'd give you a guess. Would that be this one? Yes. Rude immigration officials and visa delays keep millions of foreign visitors away from the US. Perth, the country's already battered image in cost US billions of dollars in lost revenue. According to an advocacy group formed to push for a better system. To drive home the point, they discover America partnership released a result of a global survey yesterday. We'll show that international travelers see the US as the world's worst country in terms of getting a visa. And once you get one, making it your way past rude immigration officials. The survey of 2000 other international travelers and 16 countries was connected by RT strategies, a Virginia-based pulling firm for the Discover America partnership, a group launched in September with multi-million dollar backing from a range of companies that include the Intercontinental Hotel's group and high-zerbush and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. The survey showed that the US has ranked the worst in terms of visas and immigration procedures by twice the percentage of travelers. As the next destination regarding this on friendly, the Middle East and the Asian subcontinent. You know, like, uh, lesbian on like that. Or Saudi Arabia. Or Iraq. More than half the travelers surveyed said US immigration officials were rude and two thirds said they feared they would be detained and arriving in the US for a simple mistake in their paperwork. Or for saying the wrong thing to do an immigration official like up yours, you schmuck. The survey was taken between October 25th and November 9th against the backdrop. Of growing concerns in parts of the US business community over a steady decline in the number of foreigners visiting the US. You don't think that one of the reasons for that might be the thanks to all presidentate that most of the people on the rest of the world hate the US like poison now. And this is an ironic that Jay Hernandez was the only one who got out of that thing alive in that movie. Or shouldn't have said that to that. You got out of live at the end thank God. I like them. He's all right. Wasn't great, but he was okay. It was no Brady Quinn. And by the way, whoever sent that new picture there on our mice face, they said, what do you think? Am I response was like that? That's what I think. Yeah, that's right. That was exactly what I thought. I would like to send you that picture and all of you could do it yourself. You could put that on our robot. Don't do it. Let's not overdo it. Okay, yeah, let's not. No, we don't want you to feel like, you know, it's actually be responsible for putting the naked pictures of Brady Quinn on it. We don't want to hurt his image. He's very upset about that. 800. What is that? 600. See, ordinarily would be eight, but it's 6667. I wonder how long Eric is going to have that problem. Maybe you want to find out from him if he's in the little window or wherever the hell he is. He is in the window. Yeah, find out if he's going to, if I can facts him to pull for tomorrow or if we're going to have another situation today. Not that. He wants me to send him a text facts, but the problem is. Test you, schmuck. Yeah, text facts. There you go. What other kind is it? But I don't know why I guess I don't have the authorization code here and his number isn't in the machine for some reason. How about if I say I filed during the break I see you do that. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. And say, how's this coming? Schmuck? Did this come through there? You bozo, not Eric's okay. It doesn't make any difference. It's a holiday. We can even have war in a holiday week or like we get paid based on the pull result. Of course not. Who the hell cares? I just do that to aggravate George because I know he's always going to say, I don't care. You know, like, like we don't know that. Not that George is selfish or no, George is actually pretty generous. You know, like in my birthday, he sends me all this useless crap all the time. Don't tell him this. Don't tell him I said this and I'm sure he's not listening. But you know what the thing you sent him from my MP3 player? What was that? I'm talking station. Yeah. No, wasn't a docking station. It was that case. There's a case. Yeah. Okay. I gave it away to a friend of mine. I'm like, what do I need that for? I already got a rubber one. Well, it's the thought that counts. I got a rubber one. It's rubber. If you like your rubber, then then you read. It's 678 votes. I will send Eric a test facts during the next break. I guess he just wants to see if his facts thing is working or not. Does that what that's all about? That's what that's all about. Yeah. Well, it doesn't work. I guess he won't get it. I could just play with his head and not send him one. I'm pretending that I didn't. Oh, yeah. But he gets so damn emotional. I'll speak to that champ and he's wife. Twenty two before eleven. And what about that poor Japanese chick who lost her eye there and a flick and jumped in front of the train at the end? That was so predictable. Wasn't it? Yes. That was poorly done. A little exaggerated having to go that far just because of a bad eye. But it was poorly done. I mean, you knew from the time that she saw the reflection in the glass. Right. You knew what was next. And she thought to herself, oh my god. Boy, do I look like crap or something usual? And then you see the train is coming down the track that one car, you know, was coming up the track like a bad eye to help. Right. And you know, there's no doubt. But you know, what it helped him get the hell out of there. Yeah. And help my buddy Jay Hernandez get out of there. Who's Mexican, by the way, he's not Cuban. So just calm down. And not agree. There was, you can't complain about the acting in the movie because there wasn't any. It was cheesy. But you know, like I said, I enjoyed it. I got a 5.8 and I am D.B. Out of 10, which is a very weak number. And there are some glowing reviews on there. People have just loved it. Who are the button gruts, gruts, gruts crowd. And then there's just many, many just revolted and reviled and grossed out and And then if you read the reviews, it's funny about being in the theater with some people that like start puking her. Gruts out running. They throw it and stuff like that. I mean, nice. What kind of a voice do you have to be? This is a puky. It's a freaking movie for crying out loud. Okay. I mean, yeah, it was gross. There was a lot of blood and guts and body parts and, but it's fake. Like that. Rituitously, of course. But then again, Quentin Tarantino had something to do with it. So it would always be gratuitous violence. Oh my God, your breath, beautiful. Congratulations, Gennelife. I want to play again. Oh yes. There will be blood. He is one of the most sadistic killers in history. Now he's returned for the third installment of this movie. Oh, my God, this place is a mess. Well, and what's with me being painted will wall? Just because of pain and suffering are awards that you've inflicted on millions of people with your awful music. Whatever. The time has come for pain and suffering to be placed upon you. But I'm getting. I want to play again. Whoah, I like game. So, three. Are we going to play Rick? No. Not the one. No. So, three. Starring Jessica Simpson. Okay, before we start this game, I just have to say that you need to send over made service. This place is a big sign. Oh yeah. There is way, this place is so not me. Please show them. I mean, a five star hotel is definitely not. So, I'm talking to play. See the movie that will make you scream. Oh no! I just put in. Look, I just unlocked the door for you. The keys to unlock the chains or in your back pocket. Use them to get out. Please, I have a massive headache. Do you know that a good manicure is in the area? I totally took the mail. Ah, good god leave. So, three. 104614 before 11.5. What is nothing like, with two of his violence and button guts? You know, that's what does it for me. Not. I mean, like, comparing the way I'm going to be. I mean, like, comparing the way I'm going to be. Not. I mean, like, comparing match point with a piece of crap. Hostel that I watched last night. There's no comparison. No. Next point was a story. There was a story to it. There was no story in hostile. Nope. Just like a lot of disconnected scenes and, like, a lot of bad acting. And the, although the little kids were funny that one of the bubble gum, you know. See, the whole message there. It's like to discourage stupid Americans who've never been abroad. There've never been anywhere. So don't go to Europe, especially. They don't go to like a Slovakia because they, you know, you'll give kidnap and beaten up by gangs of role kids. Yeah. Actually, they take a pack of gum with you. You'll be fine. Yeah. That's right. Take some juicy fruit. Yeah. Six Muslim imams were removed from the US airways, but at many Apple is saying, Paul, yesterday questioned by police for several hours before being released. The six were among passengers awarded fly 300 bound for Phoenix around 60 p.m. Airport spokesman Pat Hogan said. A passenger initially raised concerns about the group through an old past or a flight attendant, the corndo Andrea Raider, a spokesman for US airways. She said police were called after the Captain Airport Security Workers' Asked him and to leave the plane and then refused. They took us off the plane, humiliated us in a very disrespectful way, said, Omar Shahini, a Phoenix, as opposed to humiliating him in a respectful way. Right. What is your buddy? I didn't. I didn't talk to all of everyone. They left. And I don't know how to get in touch with those people. And then of course they've gone depressed. As I think they should. The fact that there's that kind of solidarity and confronting that kind of those kinds of remarks. I think it's important for the Afro-American community. Yeah. He's very upset that they were offended by it. You know, just like the Pope, like we said yesterday. I don't want to hear about micratures. I don't know who he is. I don't care about sign-filled, about Jerry sign-filled, about any of that. I don't care. And I know that I'm supposed to care because the media now tells us what we're supposed to be interested in. They're just beating this thing into the ground. You know, oh, he has said the N word and F word, yeah, what big deal. Oh, let's hear what's in that things. And Michael's doing his thing. I don't understand. We say he was angry and he's not a racist. You know, there's not that much anger at a heck. It was a heck, man. And he wasn't even a heckling hard. He was like, it wasn't an accidental slip magazine. Keep going and going and going. Well, he admitted he flew into a rage, but he says it's so surprising that that happened because I'm not a racist. But if there isn't some racial, there's no racial. This because he said the N word 400 times. There's no racial tins there at all. It's more than a tinge. Who cares? It's like the Mark Ferman thing, you know. Did you ever say the N word, no, I never said the N word. You know anybody who never said the N word, including a black people? No. No. Black people say it the most. So that's not a good comparison. Yeah, but if they say it, it's okay. Like if I call somebody a faggot, then it's okay. But if somebody calls me a fag or a queer or like, you're fair. That's bad. I could hear less. The six Muslim scholars on his plan were returning from a conference in Minneapolis of the North American e-Mama's Federation. Wow. So it's a he and president of the group five of them were from the Phoenix Temperea, while one was from Baker's Field, California, the North American e-Mama's Federation. The Getskies Club. Well, there was a show on last night about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the magic handshake and they do the thing of scratch the palm of their hand. Okay. It's not what they're finger reader. They used to scratch their palm anyway. Three of them students said they're normally evening prayers together on their plane. That's what really freaks people out. Okay. I totally about that experience. I had an Amsterdam a couple of years ago, more than a couple of years. It was back maybe within a year after 9, 11, 11, 11, everybody was getting a freaked out. Those of us who travel a lot. And he schmotha is there in the waiting area. And they, they get out there, imagine carpet webinar and they're like getting down on the floor. They're doing their, we're writing the middle everybody. You know, take it off to the side. Get lost. Take it into the toilet. The three of them students said they're normally evening prayers together on the plane. This 1.7 billion Muslims around the world would do every day, Shea. He said he attributed any concerns by passengers, a crew to ignorance about his list of them. This is just like the people are one of force religion and parent of the schools. You know, if you want to believe in crap, you're intently believe in it. Okay. But do your religious, uh, Kakka in the appropriate place. Don't Kakka on the plane in the middle everybody else. It freaks people out. I never felt bad in my life like that. He said I never six e-moms, six leaders in this country, six scholars in handcuffs. It's terrible he said. Terrible. Abraham Hooper spoke to the Washington-based Council on American Islamic relations expressed anger with the detentions. We will be finding a complaint with relevant authorities in the morning over the treatment of the e-moms had termored the incident was caused by anti-Muslim hysteria by the passengers and or the airline crew he said. Because unfortunately, this is a growing problem of singling out Muslims or people perceived to be Muslims that are a force and it's when we've been addressing for some time. Hooper said to me, in Japan, 150 e-moms from all over the country, and that those attending including the US representative of like Keith Ellison, then are crap from Minneapolis who just became the first Muslim elected to Congress. She said they went as far as not to find police in the FBI about their meeting in advance. She had expressed frustration that despite extensive efforts by him and other Muslim leaders since even before nine-loving tours to text, so many Americans know so little about Islam. Well, I asked the Pope, he'll tell you all about it. If up to now they don't know about prayers, this is a real problem he said. What would you do if you're like on a plane waiting to take off and some schmathe gets out and starts like, you know, puts his ass up in the air? I'd probably start laughing at love. No. Reads by his cell phone just after his release, your he and said he didn't know where they would spend the night or how they would try to get back to Phoenix today, who per se, US airways refused to put them in on another flight. Holdings said more information will be released today. The other passengers on the flight, which was carrying 141 passengers in five crew, were re-screened for boarding raiders. The plane took off about three hours after the man who removed from the flight. If you don't want people to sing or the out and treat you like some kind of crazy people, don't act like crazy people. Just go to the rest of the station too. Don't be dovin'ing and getting down on the ground and whipping around your magic carping to all of this. All of these cramps. 713 votes on the pool. I think you may be right. We may have an outside shot at the 1000th day in spite of a, oh, I forgot to do. Probably Eric's all freaked out and I forgot to send him a test. Well, what? Would he say something? No, he hasn't replied to me. During this next break I promise Eric. I'll send you a test facts and say, how this, how this be? Maybe that would just go back from what it's host audience, although it didn't record it. During the next hour I'll just go over the video store and I'll buy a copy of it by DVD. I'll watch it again and see if I missed anything. Like it that much, huh? I'm not saying that I didn't like it. It just was when it finished I thought whatever. Exactly. That's something that I'm very well, whatever. I watched it. I don't regret it to kill a couple hours of time. It made me, you know, weary enough to go to bed and fall asleep instantly. And just, you know, let me a little limp. Let me a little on the limb side. Just a little bit. I mean, it had the potential for if they developed the characters a little bit more, you know? Yes. When you think, like the freaky professor guy, whatever it was, you know, the one with a daughter that put his hand on the kids leg on the train. They decided to concentrate on boobs and killing, you know? Yeah, boobs and blood man. That's what it's all about. The old B and B. I think a lot of people after they watched it and we want to open up their own B and B. Boobs and blood baths were a tag. Maybe that's what they mean when they say they want to go to the baths. I'll do easily when they appreciate that. It's a different kind of bath. Four guys run around naked altogether. Speaking of naked, I, if we got that picture up a pretty quenier or not. I don't know what you're talking about. If you could see the desktop here, it's just, it's almost embarrassing. It's almost nothing that do embarrass me. And he ought to be a little embarrassed too because let's face it. Although he does play this a lot of, I don't want to get into a racial thing. Now it would not be a good time for that. But you'll notice in this picture he's got boxer shorts on and he's got like regular gym shorts on over them. And the gym shorts over the boxer shorts are about a couple of inches below the, you know what I'm saying? To tell the youngsters doing it. Exactly. Like he wants to be kind of a, a gangster punk, a little bit. Not too much. Just a little bit on the punky side. Well, you lean towards what Michael Richards said. Well, yeah, no, I was not. This is not today to be starting with some kind of a racial thing. Okay. Don't be starting that. Not a good idea. And now you don't have to play that clip that he hit from Lutterman choke. I was already hit enough of it on it and make me want to vomit. See, what we didn't make me want to do. So all the stuff about, Mike Wright's Richards will. I'm wretched from that, from Richards. Who cares, okay? So he went ballistic. I mean, there's just no justification for that. So we had a couple of hackers in the crowd. He's not a stand-up comic to begin with. Then you tell me that. That's what I hear. Correct. That's what Miguel said. He's an expert on sign-filled. Another bad TV show. Well, that's what you're not. Can't say that. And you'll, everybody, love sign-filled. Even Tom Jick, I loved it. Well, that proves my point. He loved cheese too, you know? Cheese. See, that's Tom is a barometer. If it's popular, then it must be really great. As far as TV shows are concerned. I'm ready, oh no, if it's popular, it must really suck. I'll tell you something that's great and consistently good, and that's the Emorco's Chinese buffet. And now with the holiday, you know, I wonder if they got anything special coming up for Thanksgiving. And of course, the fact that Brian Schmutz is in charge of this account now, there's no way I would ever find out about it. But the way I don't think him in light. No, you won't. You won't. Like my, like my Brandy's copy, the date on the original piece of copy is March 21. We won't get any copy change until health freezes over, okay? Until the next Paleolithic age. It just isn't going to happen, man. Because we got a sales manager that doesn't give a crap about that. And we got a general manager who, like basically, winds everybody up like a blow wind up doll or blow up doll. And just turns and loops no matter how much havoc they wreak on everybody else. And so it wreaks. But anyway, when I started to say was, This is the new Roger, This is the new Roger, Shut the door, door, door, door, door, door, That's your brain, ah, ah, ah, Any questions? Soda and shampoo and coffee and water. Gel candles and TV rings for your daughter. Don't out back to the recays of champagne. These are the things you can't take on of a name. She's with a hedge, I'll enter the bum and two days on clearance. For all of those it's on your face. You have back some burn, but no solar clean. That's one more thing you can take on a plane. I dare, but you'll be waiting. It may seem same. But while they make you throw out all of those things, you cannot take, or it's late. It's my best suggestion. Don't act like some kind of religious nut, like a fanatic, if you're going to be on a plane with other people or a train or whatever. And if you're sitting on a train with somebody who's basically a stranger, you don't put your hand on their leg. It's not really a good idea. Yeah. Although you noticed later on when you had to kid the sitting there and his shorts in that chair and torturing and poking and prodding. And he did the same thing and then he could get all freaked out. You know what I'm saying? In other words, if they're doing all these things with all these instruments and torturing and dismembering, why would that freak you out if they put their hand on your leg? That would be the least of the innermost hand. Okay. She thought it was about to perform some kind of a sexual act on him or someone. What is that? Excuse me, isn't that when he realized who that was? Well, that's when it finally dawned on him who it was? Yeah, thanks so. Well, he's a little bit slow when you say a little slowly uptake. Well, you know, well, the good news is I would not put my hand on his leg. 750 or any other part anywhere near him. 750 votes on the pool. I think we got a shot today, you know what? Even two days before Thanksgiving. Oh, and you know what I forgot to do? I forgot to send Eric. You know I'm going to do it right now. I don't know. Well, I guess I'm going to be in the box. I might get you to get the facts. I mean, let me do it now. Eric, here's a test. Schmuck. Okay, I'm writing it out. If I don't do it now, I'll forget. Okay, one more one please. All right. I was looking for an experimental error. Safety. Just keep the open door here. Okay, it's an animation. It's in the machine. I've got the thing percolated. Can you hear it, beeping? Pup, pup, pup. Can you hear it? Can you hear it? Huh? And of course we'll know if it went through or not because if it doesn't go through, then it's just never going to start with that. You know that noise. It sounds like the QM signal on a bad day on 441. It's not doing anything. Oh, there it is. All right. I think it's going to go through. I just wrote Eric here's a test. He'll let you know right away if he got it. And that means just thing is working. And one thing we want to be sure is Eric's thing is working. So we can get the pull for tomorrow. It's really early. Thursday, we won't be here any of us. Now let me ask you this. I know it's a stupid question. Anybody seen Clarence that he come back from his basketball. Yeah. And you can hear it early this morning. Was he really? Yeah. Well, then how come we didn't have a revised schedule telling us that mad dog won't be under there tomorrow? He's not cutting it, baby. This man is not cutting it. He belongs in that chair in Slovakia. Okay. The thing is gone through. I got the beep on it. Which means it is sent. Any second now you should begin the message from Eric saying, Whoa, I've got it. Or didn't come through. Which if it didn't come through, I can just, you know, I don't know what I'll do. Now he's like disappears. He stopped replying. He vanished? Yes. Well, you do understand. He doesn't have a regular facts machine. It's on his computer. Yes. So that's probably why he can't like walk and chew gum at the same time. 754 votes on the poll today, which is not the same as yesterday, but much too close. And I apologize for that. Since it's everybody's apologizing now. That's the new thing. Everybody does something, although this is hardly anything to, I apologize. I have to apologize for it. Sean apologizes. They got it. Since in our polls. Thank God for him. 754. Now, do we want to do again? One of those cornball Thanksgiving polls this year? I don't want to do that. What are you most thankful for this year? You know, my friends and family, I want a lot of, you know, some stupid crazy. We don't mind it. By the way, the sunny shining. Oh, my God. This must be a mistake today. And the weather here is great. Yeah, pretty chilly. You know, I woke up this morning was like minus two Celsius. 28 degrees Fahrenheit. 15 to the 40s last night here. I had the windows out. And right now it's plus two. It's all about to 35 not bad. Gotta be over 40 today. And then the middle of the week. It's going to be in the 50s and sunny. And here I had the windows out. And right now it's plus two. It's all about to 35 not bad. Gotta be over 40 today. And then the middle of the week. It's going to be in the 50s and sunny. I've been kind of gay. I get gray and depressing gay. Did you get a message from Eric Singh? I got the facts. Everything's working just fine or not. Not a damn thing. Wow. That doesn't sound too promising. It doesn't. And I agree with that. I feel there's a terrible thing. Even if you went out and killed a bunch of people. I mean, you know, you did it. You can't bring it back to life. You can't undo it, right? Correct. If you ran over a bunch of baby ducklings crossing the road. Well, you know, maybe didn't see him. Or at least convince yourself he didn't see him. Rationalize. Nothing you can do now. To a tone for your sins. Nothing 360 7 drinking too much 170 2. That a lot of cheap grungs out there in the audience. No question about that. Cheating on my spouse or partner 82. Again, the question is, what do you feel most guilty about? And of course, if it was real good and maybe the poll could be the PC, the poll commission. Anyway, after to a clock, Josh is going to play for the Mitch, what's his name? Richard's. My Richard's. What does that name is? Mitch Sahili. We haven't live by a set of lights. I voted for Bush. I'm a guilty about that 34 said that. And you ought to feel guilty. You've got blood on your hands. Not as much blood as in that movie last night, but almost. I'm so shocked that either one of you not only saw the movie, but even ever heard of it. I thought it was pretty obscure. But then when you look at IMDB, there's like 12 pages of reviews of it. Don't be surprised. I see new school movies. I do. New school, my ass. Anyway, I never vote 14. And of course, the people that never vote probably just as well. And cheating on my taxes only 13. And of course, a lot of people feel that why would they want to give them out of the government in a way to take use of to kill some people. And go out there and flush it down the toilet and waste it and frid it away and give it off to a Halleberton and Becketel and Dick Cheney and all these other visionnaires. So if they did cheat on their taxes, maybe they did it with a good reason. When you think? Yeah. Speak on people who are all at anxious to serve their country because their government is corrupt. Dr. Millions, young men for service. Like if we decide to go into Iran and North Korea and then like Syria and then Canada, you know, Mexico. When you think that would be one of the real good solutions to stop the, and of course, the troops wouldn't have to travel like halfway around the world. Like they do to Iraq. Stop this illegal immigration crap from Mexico. It's just when they're in bomb the crap out of them. When you say it's a good idea. Just making sure that Jay Hernandez is still on the side of the border. He's all right. Really great actor. The selected service system and agency independent of the defense departments says it's ready to respond. And then the scene where they were like in a hostel in the beginning where they were running around naked. Everybody's getting laid. Which there was a hell of a lot of that in the movie. Although they didn't seem too happy about it when you come right down to it. But when they were running around naked, I noticed that he was hairless. Jay Hernandez now. So he must either be waxing it or shaving it. What do you think? Oh yeah. The selected service system and agency independent of the defense departments says it's ready to respond quickly to any crisis that would threaten to overwhelm the current all volunteer military. We're the fire departments that spoke to him and Pat Schubak at the service headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. We're prepared to do the mission with whatever time period we're asked to do it. Our current plan is 1953 days and that was based on manpower analysis. With an active list of more than 15 million names, Schubak said an estimated 93% of all men in the US between 18 and 26 have registered for the Selective Services required by a law judge. Anyway, I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, we can't have the draft back. Have your ass drafted and send off to a raccolye. Probably you know, keep in touch. Did Eric get the fact you're not. Come up there to T.O. Well he hasn't written me if he did. Come on, Eric. Quit playing hard balls, will you please? I can't believe that. I mean it went through. I know that. What did it say? It said Eric, this is a test. That's all. And plus or would say, you know, this number in the whole deal on it, the whole ball of wax. Speaking of a wax job, somebody wrote that on our, my space page. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you. I'm sure Miguel reads them all religiously because he's got, you know, a lot of time on his hands. Because he's promotions director and we don't do any promotions on QAM. We do a lot of make work or busy kind of stuff, you know. We don't really promote anything. Have you noticed that? That's you, Miguel. Since the regime came in, we have no, well, I'm not talking about, he's not responsible for that for like ad campaigns, are you? Or we have newspaper ads out. We do. And what do they say? Our lineup, actually. Wow. Well listen. So parents obviously because he's a wall all the time now. He's not going to tell us what the real lineup is. So look in the newspaper. Maybe that's part of the game we're playing. Look in the newspaper. We'll find out who's on first and who's going to be on. Curtis from AdDoc today and tomorrow. And then of course on Thursday, we got nobody's going to be on Thursday. Eric has the facts. Eric has your facts. Well thank God. Nice going, Eric. Oh, oh. And being probably had a wild little bit, you know, when he weighs 600 pounds all of he lost an ounce or two is what George tells me. Haven't seen Eric in a long time. And let's keep it that way sweetheart. Let's keep it that way. He's a good guy, but, you know. A monster in the industry. So it's a 173 votes on that pool. Like what did I say? We need 850 by noon. Well maybe 880 something. We got to break 800 and what we got 774. Oh that's a piece of cake. That's a given. I think we're going to do it today. Two days before Thanksgiving, they break a 1000 votes on a pool. Even though yesterday Eric was all this combabulated. And I couldn't fact him the pool. You think the audience cares about A and this? No. About as much as I do. None. But it's like a little bit of drama. It's like in that movie. You know, at least it's like a mystery. Like a part of the plot. It's enough to make you a plot. We didn't really get to see very much of the countryside. Did we? No. In Slovakia. We didn't get to see anything in Amsterdam. I mean, it weren't some. I mean that scene in the coffee house was so embarrassing. That was really bad, you know. That was so. You guys here to get stone. No. No, nobody goes to Amsterdam to get stone. We're just here looking for a few last, you know. And it passed in the ball around. And that's what I was so over done. And that should tell you the right from the beginning. If you kept watching it, you got whatever you deserve. You deserve to have a blood bath on your hands. If you kept watching. It was okay. What I watched it again? No. No. I mean, there's some movies you watch. And you think I'd watch it again because I either liked it so much. Or because there's something I think I may have missed, you know. Like what's the original. I'm watching you. Major, here. Now you didn't watch it. Did you? Miguel. Major, here. I don't have it. I give it back to George. Well, like I said, George won't give that to Miguel because it's, you know, Miguel is this Cuban thing. It's a little bit too. Yeah, too for Miguel. He won't. I can't handle it. I don't think it was very. Yeah, you know, just that one scene there. And of course we don't see anything. They just wake up in the morning in the sack. That's probably a pretty good indication. You know, when you wake up in the sack and then morning with some guy. Yeah. Well, he's not, but, you know, you might be. That's right. That's a great line. And you notice, Josh liked it so much. He can recite the whole dialogue. The biggest name, so best to know it's the biggest is real rotchrist, sports radio 560. I get in and hold it. I've been standing in line for the past 147 days. I live with my mom, starboard, revenge of the say hit. It's really awesome. And they're star-spader, C3PO, isn't it? As well as, are 2D2. There's going to be like Cables. And even Alex Guinness, which has been dead for many, many years. And there's other special effects. Oh, yeah. George, Lucas, is going to make 942 trillion dollars in 2017. And the guy who went in line, sounds like a pile of 630. Anyway, it's 119-10-560WC. We got Curtis for the Mad Dogger 2. No Mr. Mad Dogger today. Or tomorrow or Thursday. And I'm assuming, let's see. He's listed on the schedule on Friday, I don't know. If I was him, I'd lay out. You know, when you think, yeah, just lay out. And how many shows a week does this contract require that a year? How many years? About 30 minutes. Show's a year. So I don't think it'll be any more this week. A third Marine is agreed to pre-Gilded lesser charges in the killing of an unarmed Iraqi civilian. Whose body was left with an AK-47 and a shovel to look like an insurgent the Marines attorney said. See, that's one of the ways that you make countries free. You spread democracy around the world. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. This is one of the ways that George Bush does it. We send a lot of American troops over there. And we kill some people, right. Lance Corporal Jerry Schumat Jr. was part of a squad of seven Marines and a sailor. Who were charged with kidnapping 52-year-old Hashim Ibrahim Ahwad and the Royal Iraqi town of Hama, Hama, Dania. Well, I sure was off my feet yesterday. I couldn't read anything right. You know, that's just the way it is. I was so aggravated over that clearance business. Surprise didn't have a stroke right here on the air. Anyway, dragging him into a roadside hole, shooting him and then trying to cover it up. See, at least in the movie last night in the hostel, they were smart enough instead of just taking the body parts out and throwing him around town. You know, they put him in that big furnace there. They had that big old fire going. Yes, they did. Magic and probably didn't smell too good in that joint. But nevertheless, at a court martial that issue made was expected to play guilty of new charges of aggravated assault and conspiracy to obstruct, obstruct justice. See, like I said, it's Thanksgiving week. I can't read right. And testify about the incident. Under the New charges of murder, kidnapped and conspiracy, larceny and assault will be dismissed according to his civilian attorney, Steve Mal. To other Marines in the Navy corpsmen who was on patrol with the squad, a plea guilty of lesser charges, the longest of any of the three has been ordered to serve 21 months. They testified they planned to kidnap and kill a known insurgent when they couldn't get to them. Some members of the squad went into a neighboring house and kidnapped a wooden stead. Was prosecuted as a described as a disabled father of 11 and a former police officer. Well, you know, we're going to kill somebody. If we can't get the guy that we want, let's just kill somebody else to make us feel better about it. Right? Okay. Prosecutor say squad members tied a wet. I'll put him in a hole and shot him and then placed an AK-47 in his hands and a shovel in the hole to make it appear as an insurgent planning explosives. Pentagon began investigating shortly after he was killed in April. Four senior squad members still face kidnapping and murder charges. Oh. Zion America, baby. 790 votes on the poll. We're going to do it. We'll have like, oh, yeah, way over 800 by noon. And if we can't do a, well, 150, 180 votes in two hours, then we'll wise while shut this baby down. Am I right? I agree. Shut this thing right off. Shut it down. Right now. You know, somewhere out there in this community, there's a murder on the loose. At least one. Are you worth that? Yeah. I think that those of us here on all sports radio, we ought to do something about it. Let's appeal to his conscience, which obviously doesn't have one. But now let's see. That big game is on Thursday. The hurricane's going to lose to Boston College. And then old, old, co-cad's going to get his ass fired after that. Bye-bye, Larry. It's been a real treat. See anybody who's dumb enough to come and coach you and football. They deserve to get their ass canned. Wouldn't you agree with that? No. No. Are you as desperate courte charges already as you would, but they just don't want to have the ball to sit on here? Are you as desperate courte charges or do the FBI to correct this closes regarding the US government's evacuation of Saudi royals in Mid-Latin family members after the 9th of November, and attacks in 2001 as we all recall? A conservative nonpartisan group announced yesterday judicial watch. The public interest group that investigates in prosecutors government corruption announced yesterday that US District Court Judge Richard W. Roberts, so the US District Court for the District of Columbia. As early as the Federal Bureau of Investigations, the FBI had submit proper disclosures to the court and judicial watch by December 15. Concerning the US government's evacuation of Saudi royals and members of the Bin Laden family from the US immediately following the 9th-11 terrorist attacks. The group said they press release obtained by Raj Story. Judicial watch notes that Judge Roberts criticized the adequacy of redaction and descriptions. The accuracy of the sworn statements submitted with the documents. The validity of exemption claims that other errors in the FBI's disclosures. The FBI's 200 page annotated production and accompanying declaration together do not as they must provide sufficient detail or precision about the withheld information. The FBI's motion for summary judgment will be denied and the FBI will be directed to file the disclosures that fairly meet the requirements of court precedent, Rochuj Roberts. He also added that one particular FBI's exemption argument, strains, credulity. Just like the whole 911 Story strains, credulity. And the fact that all these schmothheads were allowed to get on planes and fly out of the country, get their ass out of here while the getting was good while nobody else could fly while the airports were shut down. According to a judicial watch, US government documents reveal that 160 Saudis flew from the US between 911 and September 15, 2001. While the rest of America was cooling its heels and nobody could get a flight to anywhere, the Saudis, 160 of them flew out of the US, they've been moved baby to get out of here while the getting was good. How do you like that, them ragheads? 811 votes on the poll. 1124. Well, there's Bill Cosby reminiscing about it, Bradley. It Bradley, giving you the nickname. He gave himself a nickname, teddy. Isn't he annoying yourself? Bill Cosby? I love that Bradley, but Bill Cosby, I can't live without. College made of his who had graduated in 64. And he is so lame man, so lame. But you know something, it's all comes back to one word. You know, like the Finnish state, like the Icelandic state, mussel. Oh, everybody. Yeah, he got some luck, man. And don't forget what they said in Magpho and I'd rather be lucky than good. It works out for him. So even the picky McGell like that movie. I don't know what will be not to like. Of course, the fact that Scarlett Johansson was running around naked in part of the movie. That couldn't hurt. That's a 10 right there. No, I wish he was running around and a little naked. Yeah, not a little bit. Not enough. I mean, he's a poor there, you know. In hostile there is maybe a little bit too much grituit his movies, which it all got to be pretty much the same after a while. And in Magpho, there was enough movies. And certainly there wasn't enough mail nudity either, which, you know, that's beside the point. He walked around and he's under where at one point, but we only saw him while we didn't see nothing. Yeah, we don't need that, you know, just. No matter what we should see mail nudity, that would be real bad. Because only women and, you're fairy. Queens, we want to see that. You could see my wallpaper here, my desktop. You'd say, oh, what a, what a queen. You'd say, well, I mean, it's just, I didn't know that it was going to pop up like that. You know what I'm saying, but it popped up. It's like 15 Brady Quinn's start making. Well, almost what popped up to it. So Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times, I don't have time for that right now. We're going to do the break. Wow, time is getting away from his man and it's almost Thanksgiving. Like I said, I don't think I'm going to do that. Corny Pollabud. Do you think so? That's bad. Uh, yeah, that's pretty cheese. Ha ha ha ha. And, you know, not one person. And when did they open was it last Monday or Tuesday was one day last week. When Gulf stream opened up the casino with the first wheel slot, my sheans and we're a little bit on the news and the papers about it and no, all the world's going to come to an end and they got the weird one arm bandits, et cetera. We haven't had one facts, one telegram, one anything about, from anybody who's been there. And I can't believe that you guys have been listening to both regular visitors, the hard rock, uh, can't fade. Yes. Well, it's probably a little better over there at the hard rock. I'm just taking a guess though. How do you know that unless you've been there? Why would you say that? Well, because, uh, I'm not really in to playing slots. So I go out to the hard rock to hit the bars. Yeah, hit the bars. Yeah. Who's for, uh, we know what, yeah. Well, there's a lot of nice, uh, hornial ladies over there, Gulf. The biggest name, so best talent for this wheel, Roger. Sports, sports, radio, 560. You A, M. The station, pay, saw. Everybody's head, I bet that bad. The best person when I went ahead and ran into a windman. Running away. Listen how you say, it's a trick to ring in the turkey. You know why people in this country gets five, thanks. You've been a big South Turk. You ain't cool, you being no Chah, hurt. So cool. Thanks. Come on. And catch a turkey free. This is a birdie. Man man, man, when I ran into a windman. Man man, when I ran into a windman. Man man, when I ran into a windman. Because we need your teddy bear tonight. Why if I say, you're going to get a soda down there? Why do you mean, you're supposed to search for five toothpaste and don't forget the right foot. What kind of toothier are you looking for? I'm struggling. So can you treat him? Yeah, I can treat him. Yeah, that's true. So, I'm just giving you a gun. And we're blincing up. It's supposed to be the victim now and we're the teddy jumps in the ring of fire. Don't you doubt the foul. Where do everybody know what's the better? It's the way I know what the better. It's the way I know what the better. I know what the better. That was a holiday of death, man. How did you attack on a plate? I mean, the turkey itself is fine. Low carbs, no carbs. Right? But then all the accutumins, like the stuffing is pure carbs and then the cranberries is like pure sugar on a plate. You know, some other gravy on everything. Right. That heavy duty gravy that will oil your clog your iris. But it's, you know, don't overdo it. That's my suggestion to you. Oh, you will. You will. You all will. I love that. That promo we just had on a last break. Big time Collins football talk. I'm almost compelled myself to tune in. You know it to come in here and open up the pot. I mean, listen to it. Huh? Are you? Big time Collins football talk. Isn't that when that make you tune in whatever the show was? Not just regular Collins football talk, but big time Collins football talk. Not just your pedestrian crap, but about your yutsis out there tomorrow, or a joxstrap sometime 20 years ago. No big time Collins football talk. Right. It, it makes me want to cry. Makes me want to sit in the corner like little jack corner. Stick my thumb in my back door. Yeah, it's just cry like a baby. Cry like a baby by the box top. So, but you've got that in there, but you won't play it. Got it? Search it. It was on a dark, well, how about searchin' by the coasters? Been searching that's on ad co records. A crime like a baby was on like some dark blue label, but I came remember the label. What a shame. That's back in the days when we had records. There it is. Box tops. 1969 is my best guess. Then again, I could be on maybe a little bit more. But go on, let me give you a minute. Does it say what you're? Uh, no? Well, I'll be damned. Former Attorney General Janet Reno And seven other former judges tomorrow on officials for our court papers yesterday arguing that the Bush administration is setting a dangerous precedent. He is a dangerous president. By trying a suspected terrorist outside the court system. It was the first time that Reno, the Attorney General, the Clinton administration is spoken out against the administration's policies on terrorism detainees, underscoring how contentious the court fight over the nation's new military commissions law has become. Former Attorney General, see the big organ with a fur or cramp. I was the other thing that I didn't like the apparel. Oh, court's Marshall. Former Attorney General, really filed court papers challenging administration policy. Suspected out kind of sleeper agent Ali Salakala al-Mari. And what if he's can do a window-moder is the only detainee being held in the US? By day. Now who is it that went to school? I was your cast element high school with a window-moder. He said he's hung like her fruit fly. What? Okay. That's what he said. Is that right? Well, something like that. I mean, we have a slight exaggeration. The former prosecutor's judge suggested to farmers write to bring al-Mari before the military commission. They said it's enough gutter, which used to be Qatar, and it used to be some else. It was arrested in 2001 while studying in the US. He had faced criminal charges until authorities designated him as an enemy combatant. In order to email to say, naval base in South Carolina. Nothing could be better than to be held in South Carolina. In fact, to me, I think South Carolina, I think of that just like Slovakia, torture. The Justice Department said a court papers last week that a new anti-terrorism law strips the Tani such as al-Mari if the right to challenge their imprisonment in court. The government is essentially asserting the right to hold pew to defend and combatants arrested in the US indefinitely. Whenever it decides not to prosecute these people criminally, perhaps because it would be two different convictions, perhaps because a motion to suppress evidence would raise embarrassing facts about the government's conduct or press for other reasons Janet Reno be saying. I wonder if she was on a way to sister jeans house when she issued this statement. Member sister Jean the dance and machine. So, why I'm going to mention Miguel of Member sister Jean because that was part of the al-ayon saga. Maybe we were involved in that up to our armpits. We were a heavy duty. We had al-ayon up to our earlobes. That's what she told me. That's what she told me. I know. The dance and machine. In fact, I think it was sister's Jean house. That's when the al-ayon's came there were like a squeeze in Aliens' private. Isn't that where that was going on? I think so. In public. Some of the eight attorneys named, I'm going to play it in the next breaks. It just relax because I have the edited version. I probably don't. I do. Some of the eight attorneys named in the document are now in private practice and represent the Tani's at the military base in Gitmo and Cuba. I'm here's a story from Miguel that represents the detainees in Cuba, but that in Gitmo. Most served under President Clinton. Those listed clues for more US attorneys. W. Thomas Dildord and Anton Avainu Velucas, who served under President Reagan. The existing criminal justice system is more than up to the task of prosecuting and bringing to justice. Those who plan or attempt terrorist acts within the US without sacrificing any of the rights and protections that have been the hallmarks of the American legal system for more than 200 years. The attorneys be right. And there's Vover right there. The boardal service force. He said that Bradley's funeral. What's he doing there at Bradley's funeral? Well, I guess after your president, you know, and you go to a lot of funerals. They just said Jimmy Buffett's singing at it. What was he singing? Cheeber and Paradise? Probably. The Almighty Matter is before the fourth US Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, and is one of three appeals court cases. You know, you can't complain about Jimmy Buffett's talent. You want to know why? Why? Because he doesn't have any. He is lame. Jimmy Buffett. Cheeber and Paradise, my ass. He is weak. There we go. Okay, I guess I'm going to have to write. What's the biggest? Three to sixty minutes. I watched his hair migrate from right of black from long to short to shaved. I didn't know what I thought about the earring, but Hillary likes to hear changes. Throughout his whole migration, I was learning. Okay, well, it's good. I'm glad we're here. We love how much he sounds like he just crawled over the sack. Doesn't he sound like a little office feed today? I fell asleep there. Yeah. Column inducing. We can't afford, you know, because this is a high price radio show. We can't have it afford to have stuff like that. Right. Power. Eight hundred and thirty. Thirty on the full. I think we're going to make that thousand-a-day dammit. You know, when I sat down here at about eight twenty this morning, long before you showed up, by the way. When I sat down here at eight twenty, but don't feel like you got to come in there early. There's no point to it. Doer. You won't. We had like, not even 400 votes on the full. Thanks to Eric's tardiness yesterday. Thanks to his little technical difficulty. Okay. We don't want to pick on Eric or his lovely wife or anything like that, but they screwed up bad. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. We're going to have to be a good one. And believe you, me, there's a lot more than 11% of the audience see now in their Sparser partner. Believe me when I tell you. Josh. Huh? I hate this pull 83 or under 10% again 9.9. Thank the Lord. I'm going to get my knees into a Muslim prayer during the break. When I send another fact to Eric, not. I voted for Bush 36. Those are the people that really ought to feel guilty. Although we don't have that many Bush people in our audience. Maybe that's all of them. They all feel guilty. Like they're going to burn and hell. I never vote for a teen. If you'll feel guilty about that and cheating on my taxes only 14. Probably 95% of the audience does that, but only 14 feel guilty about it. The biggest thing I don't play out. Best talent to the business. We are Rogers. For Shredio 560. You A M. Do one's bad. Good. Absolutely. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. I'm going to have a good one. With your jail all booked. Exposing the Jackson Family, you're a cook. But make it and play boy. You bear all for some cash. You're more suitable for the inquiry girl. You're trash. All the dirt on all the Jackson City. Michael and his monkey juicy style. With all his weirdness, you make my signal all right. Girl just shut up. And go to the toilet all the time. Tell them let's have a wave. Time to make a sleazy fuck of your family's name. I was right. What do you go, Mad Dog? I'm going to be a Curtis for the Mad Dog. Now, is that just because he's taken this week off? Because he's still in mourning for Bosch and Becler and go to the funeral. Just because it's Thanksgiving or all of the above. All of the above. Okay. Don't forget, Giants won't be here on Friday. George is on vacation all week including Friday. So it'll be me and Miguel on Friday, which basically means Miguel's playing the Spons. And Robert Walker. No. I'll kill that part. I'll bring you a pardon. Rob Walker will be in here. No, for one. No. He was going to play this spot. What are you talking about? We're just playing bits on Friday. That's why he's not coming in. Good. Who the hell's Rob Walker? He runs at the board. Some stranger off the street. You brought him to that. That, that Clarence man. He's doing it. He is really on top of it. Worry not. 851 votes on the pool. We're going to have a thousand of a. Wow. I bet your kids in school are going to be writing it on the. T-room walls and crayon. They're talking about it at the water cooler here. I wouldn't be surprised if they're bent over the water cooler. Not talking about it. Just bent over. Wait till you hear this. This'll make you bend over when you hear this. Google has the stock price. You pass $500 for the first time to mark another milestone in the rapid rise that is Kenneth Hald of the Internet. Search leader into the corporate elite. Google. $500 share. Can you believe that? You want to buy some? No. You can check it out for me. Continuing a recent surge. We're living by Wall Street's high expectations for the company. Google shares rose $9.67 or nearly 2% to 5042 in the next day. 5042. That left Google with a market value of about $154 billion. Just eight years after former Stanford graduate students. Larry Page and Sergey Brean started the business in a Silicon Valley garage in a gay rise. They started. And that's worth $154 billion. The Mountain View Base company is now Silicon Valley's most valuable menace, a clipsing likes of Intel, the world's largest computer chip maker, and he'll have Packard, a high-tech pioneer that also famously started in a garage 67 years ago. It's just amazing what you can whip up in the garage, you know it. Google's remarkable success is mid-in-page in Brynbo 33 as multi-budget in Eris along with their handpicked chief executive Eric Schmidt. That's no Schmidt. Hundreds of other Google employees are mid-in-Eris because so many investors want to own a piece of a company that has become the internet's most powerful financial force while building a brand so-and-grain-in society that has become part of the English language. We're Googling it right now. Except the course for Larry King, he don't know how to press the buttons. Isn't that make he just want to cry? Not really. That's old. That is really old. I mean, I'm old, but at least, you know, I'm compared to Larry, I'm a hipster. I'm about to square as a cardboard box and have it on my life and I'm proud of it. Hey, at least you don't wear suspenders. No. Or a bag, yet. And Terkslottley, more than a year for Google, shares to travel from 400 to 500 bucks to stocks longest journey from one major milestone to the next instance of company price that's initial pubic offering at 85 bucks August 2004. I'm going to start Googling stuff during the breaks just, you know, just make sure that it's well worth the money. Google here, Rogers. There's not much on there. The shares top to 100 bucks on the front. Like WI and Z, you see, you see, to have talk post removed from the air. And then, of course, to think about cats and herescent of plain. And basically, that's it. Although there's a lot of links to our website, thank God. Where we have eight hundred and fifty-seven votes under these very weak pool. I'm going to work on a really good one for tomorrow. That's my Tuesday resolution just a couple of days before Thanksgiving. I'm going to go today find a real good pool. You go to that. Oh, I'm going to. I'm just, I'm determined to do it right now. I just made up my mind. You know, it's going to find me a really good pool. Okay. In fact, I'm looking at that desktop right now. That's almost pornographic. You know, I mean, there's nobody naked on their anything. But he looks so damn good at almost pornographic. Although, I'd say he, he, facially, he at times he looks like a real goofball. You know, Brady. Hey, he looks like a chipmunk to me personally. But ever had sex with the chipmunk? No, no, don't knock it then. Anyway, let's see. The shares have to have a hundred bucks on their first day trading on the Nasdaq then cross $200 less than three months. Broke through three hundred bucks and other seven months later in June 2004 and broke four hundred dollars on November 17 last year. So took about a year before they went from four hundred to five hundred bucks. The latest sport of optimism period of, oh, it's been a spurred, don't forget, market down December 22nd. Everybody has to have at least one orgasm. Maybe several. The latest sport of optimism period, reflect of belief that Google will quickly, you know, if you've been thinking for those kids in the movie in that hostel that they were all getting a lot of action before they wind up meeting their maker, you know? Yeah. At least they all had the dad with the swell. I wouldn't say they did with the smile on their face. In fact, they were going through a lot of agony in that chair. A lot of angst in the chair, man. A lot of screaming and puking. That one review on her wrist is, oh, you know, I didn't really like the movie. But that guy at least the puking was good there at the end. You know, thank him for putting all the puking in it. Well, what's good about the puking? What did the person and how did you like when he put the rubber ball in his mouth in Jay Hernandez mouth there and then he pulled it out and knew that, like all over the, the last piece. He shot that crap all over the place. The latest sport of optimism, appear to reflect, I believe, that Google logo. And they were all puking green, too. You know, is that green and like a fluorescent orange or something in there? I don't remember that part. What the hell were they eating in that movie? Maybe they saw the exes just too many times. And I would agree with it. The exes, especially compared to this movie, is a real comedy. It's a laugher. It's a panic. Everything is relative to the times in which it is. Like when Dracula came out in 1932, I'm sure it was very scary to a lot of people. And as much as I love the movie, I would not say, there's not one scary moment in there. You know? No. But it's great. The latest sport appeared to reflect and believe that Google will quickly introduce ways to mind more online advertising where the new film is just completed. One point 65 billion on acquisition of you. Tube. Inc. Google used its stock to finance that deal. Google currently has made most of its money selling brief written ads that are posted alongside search results and other online content. But management believes it can mind even bigger profits by expanding into video and delivering messages to mobile computing devices. See, if they really are making money, some of those little written ads that appear next to the search results, then they're stealing. And because you guys ever look at any of those ads? No. No. You know, do I? In fact, I don't look at any ads online. I just can't stand them. And when you go to some of these websites where you have to close like some of the news websites that I have to deal with every day. I don't want to start complaining or anything like that, but I'll complain anyway. And you have to go through like a close a whole bunch of ads before you finally even get to the main page there and start finding out what you're looking for. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't like it. I don't want to see some unsolicensed stupid ass ad, okay? I want to see whatever you've got on there for free. Stick it on there, you know? You know, some of the sites you send me for stories has a couple pop ups. Capitou. Really? Yeah. Well, a few were used in Firefox. Who would have any pop ups? That I do use Firefox. And you still get pop ups? Yes. Capitou. Oh, wow. But no big deal. Analyst on average for a Google will earn $13.70 per share next year, leaving the company's PE at about 37. By comparison, the PE of Microsoft, the world's most prized technology company with a market value nearly 300 billion is about 21. Based on analyst 2007 earnings predictions. Google's relatively high PE hasn't faced several analysts who've already predicted the company's stock price. Well, it's 600 bucks I share within the next year. All of a sudden, between the two you guys, maybe you can like scrap, scrap, and up on up change today to buy half a share. What do you think? Unlikely. 865. What did I say? We need 850 by the top of the hour by the time a little handed to the big hand and it got to be known as so we need 850. We got 868. Pretty good analisation, huh? Not too bad. I don't know how to how I do that. Like when I go under a supermarket, I've done it many, many times. And I'll have, you know, like a cart with a few items in there. I don't go in by like $100 with a groceries. I have to be a shrunk to do that because I eat it all the same day. But I'm pretty good estimating. You know what I'm saying? In other words, like I'll pull out 30 bucks and it'll be like 2875. It's not how I do that. I gotta say I have that gift as well. Well, how do you like that? Yeah, maybe we're just both good with numbers. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing like a good number. 868. That's the number on the pool. What do you feel most guilty about? Nothing. 48%. For 117. They feel guilty about nothing. There's nothing wrong with that. Don't feel guilty. guilt isn't a horrendous thing. Unless you've done something really, really evil. Like hurt somebody. injured somebody. Run over a little dog or something like that. When you feel guilty about that? Yes, terrible. Really bad. And that's one of the great things about not driving anymore. Or except when I'm there, you know, those rare occasions when I'm there. And I drive to Pompano Park or I drive to the bank. I drive to Walgreens to see my prescriptions fill. That's about it. Don't you miss driving those covettes? No, don't you miss driving in Florida? No, absolutely not. Don't you miss being in Florida? No. No. Nothing for 17. What are you talking about? Don't you miss being a QA? I'm in all the wonderful people there? No. No. Not in the least bit. And you notice, here we are. It's, you understand, it's almost five years later. Maybe it's maybe I'm exaggerating. Not four and a half. And this studio just doesn't go down. We have no downtime. A couple of times we had like power fading, right? Did they show on the phone? Remember those days? Yeah. I did it a big chunk of the phone on the show and the show on the phone. But at least the show continues going on. We don't have the outage kind of situation. And that's because there's nobody in here as Josh would say, Potsking around with stuff. The biggest name. So that's the point. Another character's little clorange. I'm forced ready. Or is my boyfriend? This is Dick Cheney. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rodgers 12th of one hour. Okay. Congressman Mark Bowie gave me a goose on my side. By the steady wanted to give me some kisses too. My side. My god. My god. Oh, it told me he would take me out of Christwana. They'd a more Republican man of honor. He knew a misdecuit but he could have hands and lips on my side. But he asked my opinion, would I like not be like better on the bottom of the job? And why you taking little time to decide? You said, here comes Jelphi. Who been why? I like to find your men to place in salt. That's who men's on my thigh. My thigh. All the chat room do. I want stuff like me. My thigh. Oh, I was molested as a boy. I'm a heavy drinker. There's a plossable claw ahead. A nave. Thank you. I knew I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my thigh. Once you care. I will delay or say nay. Who will pay Jews and his place on my thigh. From 0 to 560W. There's a good point that one of the critics, I am the B Rotten R. And critiquing hostile. That is an Amsterdam or anywhere in Holland. You all find people speaking German. The locals don't speak German. I just mentioned that in passing. In fact, locals are highly offended if you were speaking. They hate the Germans like poison. They hate the Germans. Of course, who the hell are they to be hating anybody? When you come right down to it, the Dutch are the cheapest people in the world. Make no mistake about it. When you go to Amsterdam, just keep that in mind. Sure. Don't tell me Josh is out of the room doing the same thing here. No, I'm here. Oh, he is so impressed that you got one of those guns. I thought you were on the way. No. I think after seeing that movie, you might have a little reason to take pause or two. Israeli troops and tanks pushed deep into the Gaza Strip and two separate rates. They were clashing with Palestinian gunmen in Gaza City. Local residents and witnesses said, a column of about 30 tanks. About 30 men penetrated the heart of Gaza City and ended the Zaitun district. A known militant stronghold they said. Residents said that we are not reports of any casualties. What appeared to be the most intensive Israeli ground force rate in the Gaza city. Since his rear-law is an offensive in June after a militant's captured in Israeli soldier in the cross border raid. A smaller force rate had bent La Hia north and Gaza Strip and area more frequently targeted by Israeli forces and their attempted to stop militants from firing rockets into the Jewish state. And Israeli military spokeswoman confirmed ground troops were operating in the Gaza Strip, a game near for the details. How do you like to have Thanksgiving dinner at Gary Sarners' house where we think it will be kosher, huh? I'm all set. Wouldn't that be good? Everything in the Turkey is kosher. I'm sure blessed by the Rebbe. Israel has killed more than 320 Palestinians and Gaza about half of them civilians since it began its offensive. Sounds pretty offensive to me. Israel's increased rates in northern Gaza since they've been Palestinian rockets wreck last Wednesday. Keldon Israeli woman and seriously wounded a man in the town of Stare Raut. Defense Minister Amir Perra said on Monday Israel would carry on fighting religions who fired rockets in Israel from Gaza. But there were no plans to be occupied by the coastal territory. The Jewish state quit last year. They say Jewish nautical one more time. I'm going to look at John Bolton on there and pick my guts out. The assassination. Oh my god, didn't take a look at that. I mean, anybody with a mustache like that, you know it's a crazy person in my right? Crazy. Oh yeah. No doubt. The white Hitler. Yeah, there you go. I'm looking at the way he's got that hair combed down over that right side of his head. Just like eight off. Eight hundred ninety-one votes. We're going to have nine hundred by the time we do the next break and I said another fact to Eric not. I should just start playing with his brain and keep Tom. Hey, Eric, are you getting those faxes? That would be bad though. Because then when I fax in the pool he'll say, oh, I told you I wasn't getting any of your faxes. Or some smart ass answer like that. Got to come up with a really, really fantastic pull idea for tomorrow. And then what do we do? We leave it up to the same one for Thursday for Thanksgiving Day or what? I would just leave it up the whole rest of the weekend. Oh, that man. You are so lazy. It's just unbelievable. So shlock. All that fits in with you, and that's our idea. That's how we do it. Shlock. That's why Clarence is the program director because he's like walking shlock. If you look up shlock and if you Google shlock, you'll find Clarence's a push next to it. Michael Richards said yesterday that he's spewed racial evidence during a stand-up company routine. Because he lost his cool while being heckled and not because he's a bigad. Right. For me to be at a company club and flip out and say this crap, I'm deeply deeply sorry the former Sign-Fell co-star, said during a satellite appearance on Lotterman's late-year-old last night, which Miguel actually watched. I did. I was watching Hustle and you were talking about the same thing. I was watching the last night of the day. I was watching the last night of the day. I was watching the last night of the day. I was watching the last night of the day. I did. I was watching Hustle and you were watching Lotterman. I think they're watching Hustle. They had a lot of blood. I'm not a racist. That's what's so insane about this Richard said. See anybody who tells you that they're not a racist, do you know what they are? Racer? Yes. His tone became angry and frustrated as he defended himself and a clip from the show played on CBS before late-year-old Monday night. But let's hear a little bit of it. You want the red through the letter? No, the apology. We haven't lied by a satellite. This should be Michael Richards. Michael are you there? Yeah, I'm right here. Michael. Okay, this is enough. I said a little bit. Richard, I don't even know who the hell he is. Don't you understand? I don't care about that. Richard has described himself as going into a rage over the two audience members. So when he was up to design, Friday, the last fact we in West Hollywood, he responded to the black actors with repeated use of the inward and profanities. And one thing about America, you can't use the inward or at least you have to lie and pretend that you don't use it. Even though everybody uses it all the time, but you have to pretend that you don't. Jerry Seinfeld, who would issue the statement saying he was sick over this horrible, horrible mistake and calling it offensive. The schedule is a guest last night. He encouraged Richard to make a satellite appearance talk about the incident. So he was on air, Jerry? Yes, he was the actual guest. And he's the one who had a creamer come on. And he's saying with sick over the incident that he pooped could green, cute collar over the stage, isn't he? No. Oh, it could have been two sick then. I'm sure Michael is also sick over this horrible, horrible mistake. It's so extremely offensive. I feel terrible for all the people who have been offended. Said Jerry Seinfeld. Who cares? Talk about old news. Talk about old news, man. And ancient history, older than Matthew Isla, older than Rick Shaw, can you believe he's 68 years old? What it says. And who the hell was just on that thing we had before? Said, oh, is a some spotlight played in Chris Everett. She said, I'm 51 years old. Doesn't that make you feel when somebody famous that you kind of like grew up with? And they say, well, I'm 51. I'm 75 years old. Oh, my God. Or you see some movie star or starlet that used to grow up with the southern movies when you were a kid. And other like 90 years old and you haven't seen them in 40 years. And they look like they did like one step away from death. Doesn't that make you feel a little bit old? Not yet. Left for him. Yeah, it will. I'll tell you right now it will. One day. When you're watching your TV screen one of these days and what's your name comes on there? Scarlett Johansson and she says, I just celebrated my 80th birthday. I feel like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Talk about saggy. Whoa. But I'm telling you there are a lot of horny or ladies there. It comes to me just waiting for a fine young man like you. Sugar mama. No. Do you got the mama part right? 800 90. How come we're slowing down to a crawl now? I think everybody voted. I thought we'd have 900 by the time we went over the break. They're coming in one at a time now. 895. One everybody. Two minutes. There are some waiting for that great pole tomorrow. Yeah. Aren't we all waiting for the great pool? I'm waiting for a great pool on Thanksgiving. I have something really thankful for. Anyway, that whole Thanksgiving thing. You know, leave it to the pilgrims to comfort some cock and then we idea. Let's go kill a bunch of turkeys in the yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi. It's like when you see these movies or things on TV, we're sitting around the table. And before they start eating, they all have to see the obligatory prayer, you know? Jesus. Jesus. That's what they did in the last part. Yeah. Well, we want to thank the Lord for this wonderful repaste. And you know, I mean, while Mama may be the worst cook that ever came down to pike, she may cook sloppy, you know, that make you just Jones for a decent grand slam at Denny's or something. We're supposed to be thankful that Mama put this slap on the table. And everybody's got to sit around. Thank you, Lord, about all this all this crap, man. What kind of families are those? I sure hope that never happened in your family. Well, certainly it didn't end in McGill because they weren't speaking English. Come on. Yeah. Perry. I know I got that in here. But I have no idea now. Maybe it's under Perry, Mama. I think there it is. All right. Come on. Find a real land that goes round round round round. See there's another guy. He was a barber in Pennsylvania somewhere and all of a sudden he became a singer and a star. And that's because his name ended in a, Wow 9006 votes on the pool. Something happened there on our website. I don't know what they were like in the head. Like a momentary fart or something. Oh, sorry, Joyce. But I think our pool took like a momentary dump because it was like you just frozen there for a second or two. You know what I mean frozen. Yes. Maybe I'll have a frozen TV turkey dinner for Thanksgiving. You. It's not Thanksgiving here Thursday. We're going to head Canadian Thanksgiving's long since gone back early in October. You didn't need turkey right? No, I did not. You mean I Canadian Thanksgiving? That's right. No. Now one time I think was about two years ago. There was an area restaurant that was sending flyers out in the mail to everybody lived in the area. And they hit like a whole Thanksgiving dinner with the turkey in the whole deal. Nice. And so my good friend and I decided that we would partake in the whole deal. And I ordered it and man did that make me sick. Oh, God, did I eat? See that's the problem with Thanksgiving. Why not celebrate it if you're not going to eat like a pig and then make yourself really sick? Well, that is Thanksgiving. Just stuffing your face. Yes. That's what the stuffing part is all about. Having some good stuffing and stuffing your face to just sick and puke in your guts out. I mean, you just saw hot food. So I still can't believe that there's such crazy people. Well, there are. There are people who can't even take a have an or blood drawn. The contact. The contact. Like me. A little like really. Yeah. It's not that it hurts. I just I happen to faint. You faint. I think you've. When I give blood, I don't know. I just, whatever it doesn't hurt. I just I wake up like a couple seconds later. You're very. Holy cow. I don't know what to say. That is really simple. He goes. He goes. He's not my thing. He reminds me of my little dog. I would take him to the vet. You know, every year he had to get shots. And with dogs. They put the needle in the back. Yeah. Not in the ass. But like in the by one, you know. And the vet, she would. She would stick the needle in there. And he would be standing there very quietly. And then when she would take it out, then he would say, man, after she already took it in, she out. Well, it can't possibly hurt by that point. Can it? Like five seconds after she took the needle out? Of course not. Delayed reaction. Just like you. A little infant. Overgrown child. Very sad. So you fainted the sight of a needle. I'd not have the sight of it when I when I give, when I actually give the blood. And actually stick it in there. Yeah. I don't know what happened this. But. I did a pass out when they stick it in. The biggest name. So best challenge to the faces. Meal Rogers. Sports Radio 560. You. A. A. A. A. There is a channel built that always see. To my mind. It seems to have been to you. Right about face giving time. It is a spot of traffic even the LSD. It comes right out of the turkey. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm not careful it would happen really soon. My head is bobbing and it just fell on the gravy school. Just a quick cat nap. I promise not to snore. Wake me up by four and I'll have more. If I can tie it it's all because of Elchips of Anne. Can't keep my eyes open. We'll be watching bass in toy land. I lay on the couch and in a short time. I'll be right. I sleep tonight. I got a really good ball for tomorrow. Just before Thanksgiving. They really corny and timely. What is it? I'm reaching back here for them. I just relax. Kind of celebrity death. What kind of celebrity? Favorite food on Thanksgiving? Favorite thing on the table. Favorite dish? Favorite dish? Robert Alman's did. And he would be? I know that name. I think. The constant and irreverent satirist behind mash, Nashville and the player who made a career out of Buckingham Hall or management and story conventions died in LA hospital as San Castle 5 production company said that he was 81. The director died last night. The cause of death wasn't disclosed. News released expected later today. A five time academy award nominee for Best Director. Most recently for 2001's Gospored Park. He finally won a lifetime achievement Oscar this year. And then the good thing he did because now he's dead. And he's a really nice guy. Just in time and in the routine. No other filmmakers got in a better shape than I have all of them and said well accepting me award. I'm very fortunate for my career. I've never had a director film. I didn't choose to develop. My love for filmmaking is given me an entree of the world under the human condition. And now he's dead. Alman had one of the most distinct. I'll tell you one thing he was no way he lied north. Roth. Whatever his name is. He lied Roth. He was no Peter North. Alman had one of the most distinct few styles among modern filmmakers. The often employed huge ensemble cast. Encourage improvisation in overlapping dialogue. And film scenes in long tracking shots that would flip from character to character. Propecially in and out of favor with audiences and critics. Alman worked ceaselessly since his anti war black comedy mesh. Established reputation in 1970. But he would go for years at a time directing of skirm movies before a roaring back with the big hit. After a string commercial does including the gingerbread man in 1998. Cookies fortune in the 99. See that common thread seems to be developing there. Gingerbread and cookies. See it. Y'all be. And Dr. T. and the woman in 2000. Alman took his all American citizens in the Britain for 2001's Gossard Park. But I was really some kind of afflicted in the sea. You see it? No. What the was that? It was about a park. A combination murder mystery in class war is sat there. Set amongst snobbish socialites and their servants on an English estate in the 30s kind of like a match point a little bit. Gossard Park was Alman's biggest box office of success since MASH. The size best director of Gossard Park earned six other Oscar nominations including Best Greenplay and Best Reporting at Chris are both Helen Mirin and Maggie Smith. It won the original screenplay Oscar Alman took the best director prize that they golden globes for Gossard Park. His other best director nominees came from MASH to Countries of Sega Nashville from 75. The movie Business at Tar The Player from 92. And the ensemble characters study shortcuts from 93. No director ever got more best director nominations for that winning a regular Oscar though for other men Alfred Hitchcock. Martin Scorsese, Clarence Brown and King Vitor, who does that? He's the king. Tie with. And I'm the queen. Tie without men in five. In May Alman brought out a Prairie Home Companion with Gerson Keeler starring as the announcer of a foxy music show with the same name as Keeler's own long running show about to be shut down by new owners. Among those in the cast were Merrill Streep, Lily Tom and Kevin Clim, Woody Helson and Tommy Lee Jones. The film is about death. Alman said it made through a news conference in St. Paul, Minnesota. Also attended by Keeler made the movie start. It's a film about death like a hostile. It's a film about death. Nasty, painful, horrible death. Blood and guts. He often took on Hollywood genres with a revisionist ID romanticizing the Western film in 1971. The cave in Mrs. Miller was about at least a fence in Brian McAve. In 1976, his buffalo bill on the Indians was sitting both his history lesson. The film noir gumm shoot in 1972 is the long goodbye. And outlaw gang Susan Teves like us. You know, I never heard of almost any of these movies. You're telling me what a wine or a amount of touch. You better catch up. And I hated mash. You know, if you thought I was out of touch with sign filled, I hated mash. I was surprised. Who? Mash was Ottman's first base of success after years directing TV, commercials and desplial films in generally unremarkable feature films. The film starring Donald Sutherland Elliott Gould was set during the Korean Warburg was almost in the way of the tech on US involvement in Vietnam. And it goes on about the film's brother long running TV sitcom starring Ellen Alda, a show up on the movie referred to with this taste as that series. Unlike the social missions of the film, the series was prompted by Greed Alman said they made millions and millions of dollars bribe bringing in Asian war in Americans homes every Sunday, and ninety said in 2001. I thought that was the worst taste. He also never meant words about reporting Hollywood after the 9-11 attacks. He said Hollywood served as a source for inspiration for the terrorists by making violent action movies that amount of detaining films for such attacks. Oh, give me a break. Your mama. Oh, there it is. Award just the fear. Robert Alman did. See you on CNN. I beat him. Nobody would have thought to commit an atrocity like that. He was seen in the movie. He said, oh, brother. He was written off repeatedly by the Hollywood Assembly member, beginning to understand why. And his reputation for arrogance and hard drinking. I have an eventually gave up. Hinder Disefforts to raise money for his idiosyncratic films. While critical astuteer executives, he all actors and the highest esteem he joked that on Gospored Park, he was there mainly to turn lights on and off of the performance. Well, that's great. He's dead. And he's still known who he is. No. Here. No. I could say the name rings are bell, but those movies, that list. Well, man, 927 votes. I have a feeling that we're going to be knocking on the door of a thousand by the time we get to like 115 will be. I got that feeling. I got it wrong. You're right. Wouldn't be the first time I was wrong. Like that whole business about that damn noted name game. That's right. Who they play merchant marine. Coast Guard. They played the Coast Guard. That's it. 172 to zip. Brady Quinn was different. I'd like to see him unzip it, but that's beside the point. That's discussing in growth. And we don't want to hear all your Fag talk on the radio. Okay. It's unacceptable. Especially on a macho sports station like this one. We don't want to hear about you. Faggy talk about some hot guy who happens to be quoted back for no to name by the way. That sounds like sports to me and takes a lot of showers naked with other guys. I try to just keep looking at your desktop. I'm okay. Let me get back to it. For the fact, hip station. Wow. 15 Brady Quinn's all there is side by each. I want that big goofy smile on his face. He looks like a goofball, but nevertheless a hot goofball. Always like noted name tonight. Touched down Jesus. Can't stand them. Man, that is the most obnoxious. Steven Spielberg. I mean, well, since we just had that Hollywood story on it, Steven Spielberg. Erght TV never has to be mindful of what they show on the year. Because of the effect that might have on children. Sometimes like CSI and heroes were too gruesome. Oh. See if I think right. I think right there in the family viewing our data for hostile on just to piss him off. I agree. Today we need to be as we as we possibly can. Not just thinking of our own children but our friends and neighbors children, Spielberg told them audience in New York. At the International Emmys board of directors meeting. Nobody hears from him no more. He decried on air for merchants for TV shows like CSI, crime scene investigation that showed blood and people being dissected. He also said that when his favorite TV show the new season NBC's heroes showed somebody cut in half of the 9pm hour. He sent his younger children out of the room. I'll have turned his very concerned. He said, over doing it. Stevey over doing it. Well, he did what he was supposed to do. He sent them out of the room. Jewish neurosis it sounds like to me. He said the TV landscape was much more homogenized 20 years ago. Even seven or eight years ago. One of his shows ER. One had been on the air 20 years ago because of its graphic depictions. Two of his fieldberg's movie Shinders list which I have but I absolutely won't watch and saving Ryan's private. I've generated controversy during their TV earrings with uncut language and graphic depictions. So the hell is he to talk? But he also made a famous edit to the DVD release of E.T. The After Tresso where a government agent wielded a gun in the original film and then held a walkie talking to the DVD. We don't want nobody with guns in films or kids are watching. Because if there's anything we know that America doesn't worship guns. The biggest defense is the community of kids. The rotors force radio 560. Who's gonna get bricky of love? Boy, boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy, boy. Gosh, boy. Boy, boy, boy, boy. George Malaina! George Malaina! George Malaina! George Malaina! So Seri Man plates. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You know, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos, Jordos,ima Wild, Ruh... Jordos, Earle! Have you know that's my very last thought What the fuck is going on Well, that's something we thank for for anyway he and around no mole. We're thankful about that anyway We heard his very last do a good 948 votes on a poll will make that thousand easy and you hear you thought Oh, there's no chance you got that really bad late start thanks to Eric Scooner bad Always negative man. I think he rebs off from George. Sorry. Oh, let's see his there piece of copy I just got in here. That's right. Oh, I can't believe that a New piece of copy from Gary Sarner. This must be a mistake woo That is absolutely shocking as kosher to the page came over and it's got like a little circle you on it A new mayor and two new brow accountic commissioners took office this morning in a front of a standing woman He crowd of family political supporters county employees and lobbyists Both can teach you and Stacy Ritter were sworn in making the board an entirely democratic one Ritter a lawyer is a former state representative She most recently headed up the county's management efficiency study committee. She replaces Dr. Ben Grayberg We're resigned to make an unsuccessful bid for the state Senate. Keatjel Oserler was present the dolphin Democrats again lesbian political group He's the first openly gay county commissioner. Keatjel beat the boards only were public and Jim Scott who served for six years great Scott The new commission elected his mayor Joe C. Fiss angled again. I see I don't know how to say that name. Oh boy a galatin I was fell for it, but then you'd plots who's been vice mayor for the past year Commissioner lowest I was selected vice mayor typically vice mayor's move to the top spot after a year The headline on this a galatin elected brow is first black County mayor and I apologize that I can't pronounce his name I'll see now I'm gonna get to the crap for that because I miss pronounced the mayor's name You'll see I have to go on lyrm in an apologize Here's a great story something to be thankful for on Thursday or even sooner I'm thankful for it right now Relative is a missing boys mother who killed herself after being aggressively questioned by CNN's anxious Nancy Grace found a wrongful death suit today claiming the talk show host cost severe emotional distress that led to the suicide Well in the duck it Committed suicide September 8th today after Grace is sure on CNN headline news air to segment in which grace aggressively questions duck it About her whereabouts on August 27th the day two year old Trenton ducker was reported missing Authorities who said last week they believe the Trenton is still alive have name Melinda ducked as the prime suspect And there's disappearance. How do you like that? Jay Paul, Deratany the attorney representing duckets estate said today that Grace encouraged Melinda ducked to appear on her show by saying we go Was to draw public attention to help find Trenton It's not just about the questioning it's about the misrepresentation where the knowledge that she was emotionally distructed And he said the attorney said grace improperly took on the role of a law enforcement officer CNN headline news declined to comment but issued a message a support for grace We stand by Nancy Grace and fully support her as we have from the beginning of this matter a spoke from and said the statement Tuesday Fran How do you like that? There's so in her ass and I think it's long overdue that miserable a hateful sell She is everything evil at people hate about women you know I'm saying Yeah, there's things people love about women and there's things people hate she is what they hate she is the part that they despise That they find nauseous that they just want to peat their guts out thinking about that bitch 951 votes on the pool. What do you think? Easy, right? 955 now they're coming in in chunks just like in that in that movie hospital Now some people might be hostile if they watch hostile because they'll blame them. I asked for it Well the guys on Neil show all said it was really great. No, it was okay If you got a week's stomach just don't look at it On Monday wait to hear this. I hope George is listening although I know he's not must he's crazy He's not He's one day why do you go away? No, but he never listens Just like me when I'm not on you think I'm listening this crap no absolutely not I wonder he's not on you think he's listening to my crap no way Jose you know your hook to that college tailgate show Oh yeah, now what is that expression again? Vainetime college football talk. That's just regular girl. You're Rogers. Good George Rodriguez. No good on Monday. Can I get back to this story? It's about marriage a weaning man could you? Urban Rosenfeld Started as 25th year smoking nearly a dozen joined today getting busted as least of his problems Is more than 200 bone tumors were supposed to continue to grow until they left in paralyzed or caused a clotabric loose in killing Without his medicine which he's received since 98 two medicine is in quotes I definitely would believe that that would have happened by an avastock broker with offices in West Palm book and for a lot of details He said yesterday He's the longest surviving member of a group of 13 people eight of whom have since died was early as the mid 70s Again receiving marijuana from the federal government on George wishes he was on a list and so do you yes I do Receiving marijuana from the federal government. They were given it for Amman's ranging from glaucoma to multiple sclerosis to AIDS to the combination of Maldives that's affected Rosenfeld and no one else nationwide since he was 10 good for arthritis to He's the only one of the 13 able to do active life and the tumors haven't grown in 32 years. I feel fantastic Rosenfeld said A long time national proponent of controlled medical use to cannabis Rosenfeld is not writing a book A combination of autobiography and advocacy he off-stab it out by the spring And response to telephone queries the FDA yesterday forward in April 2006 press release in which it included that no sound scientific studies Supported medical use and that the FDA approved alternatives exist right Zion America baby Oh, you can answer them to get stolen that the part of the movies just so it's so lame Embarrassing according to the advocacy groups patients out of time Rosenfeld sits on its board 11 states and the industry Columbia have legalized medicinal use and some three dozen states have allowed limited use But the DEA has remained opposed because they in 82 and 99 the group says the Institute of Medicine part of the National Academy of Sciences Fund marijuana to be moderately well suited for particular conditions As a young adult Rosenfeld bought pot wherever he could now the US government grows marijuana on a farm in Mississippi and provides it in cans of 300 cigarettes 300 Rosenfeld is often said in the effect of cannabis pill would prevent a lot of hassles and companies have created marijuana extracts and synthetic components of the drug But on has been approved for use in the USA yet His book will detail his numerous difficulties. He was arrested while smoking in an Orlando balcony It was detained while smoking in Walt Disney World a place in once pulled a gun on him. He was barred from a delta flight The federal government later ruled delta was wrong, but declined to penalize the airline He was just qualified for Mishra Kago sailing regard for the disabled because he was doping as they said and as recently as June He had to go without pot for four days when the Bohemian government would let him bring it into a weekend seminar Fort eight. It was as long as for instance a similar predicament in Canada 1990 a oh my goodness for the first 18 hours that do remarkably well He said by the 36 hour I was hurting I started popping pills Pains and muscle relaxance, okay, because they wouldn't let him have his weed You know what that reminds me of before the break? What's that? If you see guys knitted suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in They're just like them like that they run the year what caught the weed and they're high and I mean it's terrible But years that I've been looking at listening to six ten and I see As it is we are Rogers for radio 560 Please Miguel play baby Have your kids please Will the real great great please stand up I repeat Will the real great ready please stand up? We're gonna have to find here. We're lacking like you never seen a whiteboard before There's all the same floor with a three sisters separated by a bathroom boy and a bathroom with how poor and so poor at the store Stephen and fun man It's too for something in the earth. Oh great Say Zap Plusatan A Kind simply like to We're only one bathroom for all of us to put The boy out with the whole bathroom on the room and we're chill living right next to the kitchen But I guess I'm only bitchin' cut my peppers been it And little Cindy was a little less makein' my eyes off chicken and twitch it Why can't you answer I'm saying much I'm much I'm much I like a victim And Bobby gets to the dentist so his dick could be fixed I'm about to fall for both hard and hit marshes knows I'm so mad I let go I got a problem That's great way you get them to real weight There's only other peas or juts that aren't your legal one The real great way you can stand up We stand up We stand up Yes I'm great great Yes I'm the real great Cause only other peas And juts that aren't your ladies so want to be a great great We stand up We stand up We stand up All ye a mom's sense is no clean boy And they hit that Okay, there's the Brady Quinn rap It's a 1247 of QM I'm not gonna do that silly ass thanksgiving pool I was talking about that's a bad idea Oh, well people would like it so much No, they would not Are you been sarcastic again or you just being a jackass? No, it's just you know what's like it would be like saying paper or plastic you're like that Well There's more odd That's not though and speaking of paper or plastic when's last time ever took anything home in a paper bag You like a long long time ago long ago Who'd out uses paper bags anymore man? It's a second You're rid of that for all-farts You know even all-far like me wouldn't bring home groceries in a paper bag Man 969 votes on our pool man. I'll come up with some really neat idea for tomorrow something really cerebral like you know you got the pressure on you know And that's that's just for tomorrow Now what are you telling me that we ought to leave this one tomorrow on for a no-we're wrong We'll change it again Friday for the weekend. I'm not gonna be as lazy as you are there you go Course then again who could be now Josh is doing a hell of a job on these stories man Like Sunday he had little problem there and so he said hey Eric you handle it. I'm out now what you said no 972 votes. What do you feel most guilty about not getting those stories up in a timely fashion every now and then? Although he certainly is you know since I'd bitched him out Since I read it you asked out that's what it took You know some people you can tell them nice way hey by the way Could you get the stories up before three and you have to noon on Saturday and Sunday? He can tell me the nice way like about ten times and other people they have to like You know Stick their foot and boiling scouting hot water. Oh gee. I don't want to do that again like that Like you were in that place Slovakia Watch rise 974. I said it one thing you got to admit they sure that that room was sure well equipped you know that torture room yes, it was they had it all I mean you name it and they had it every torture device and some really spiffy drills too And saws 974 What do you feel most guilty about nothing? 470 that number is actually going up 48.2% now almost half really about nothing Thinking too much to 19 cheating on my spouse or partner 105 I hate this pull 104 back up to 10.6% go out. I'm telling you. I may not do a pull tomorrow They're starting to turn on me now 10.6% that's bad That's a bad number for us and wouldn't you think of Thanksgiving time when people are you know and in like normal civilized places at this time of the year people are like Morio peace on earth good-world or men when you get to like Chris miss in this this time of the year not fully into the year right out in South Florida Man South Florida's more hate than ever hate this fool I voted for bush 45 than we hate you. I Never vote 17 and cheating on my taxes only 14 And we got 978. That's pretty great. I will say that you know, they may at least come through with the numbers You know, they may not vote the way that you'd prefer that they would At least they come through with big gigantic numbers. Is that what counts? Yeah, that's pretty much it State officials yesterday certified Republican varn be cannon one the house seat being vacated by Republican the Uxious representative Katherine Harris. Oh, you hear about her plane wow Though the loser immediately sued for a new election arguing that touchscreen voting machines had malfunctioned Democrat Christine Jennings contested her 3659 vote lost in the 13th district asking a judge to order a new election because of problems in Sarasota County Were more than 17,000 voters who cast ballots and other races November 7 allegedly failed to vote in the congressional contest anybody believe that no, could have possibly Me legit oh And keep in mind. This is Katherine Harris's old district. Boy, you talk about hanky spanky That rate is nearly six times higher than in the other counties in the congressional district or on Sarasota's paper Apprentite ballots Jennings alleges their legal challenge Though she lost the other four counties in the district Jennings did well in Sarasota County winning there by six percent his points Jennings lawyer Kendall coffee who never met a microphone or a camera they didn't like Said these statistical evidence is based on numbers that cannot be seriously questioned He said there were also I wouldn't say counts of voting problems you can't enable the auditor dealer said there was no evidence of a machine malfunction He attributed the huge Sarasota on the vote to angry voters turned off by negative campaigning anybody buy in that no I guess the theory is if you don't win the suit you can't insert energy Jennings to concede and stop listening to the high price lawyers and out of town Special interest groups The lawsuits not Jennings find lapsions she could also appeal results to the house Which will be under democratic control next year as we know Common causes Florida chairman Walter, Darland Walter, Darland. I haven't heard that name in a thousand years Wow, he used to be the day county council where advocate back when I was at Whole bunch of stations. I'm a year ago. That's good. No Puts Common causes Florida chairman Walter Darland said new likes and maybe the only way to resolve the problems Hey, Walter you are put 30 years ago and you're still a putts The status conducting an audit of the Sarasota voting machine suffered from the recount legal challenge The audit will include an November 28th test of machines prepared for but not used in the election The machines that were used on election day cannot be accessed until the challenge period in 10 days from yesterday So the secretary of state suit Cobb while I'm sure is not related to any Cobb Harris a congresswoman since 2002 ran for US Senator's year but also incumbent Democrat Bill Nelson as we know she got She got spank baby. She got bushwacked she got destroyed In 2001 Harris had post for a lecture overhaul that outlawed punch card ballots and required counties to use touchscreen devices Are optical scan machines that read paper ballots voters filled in Several other house races nationwide still are on the resolve. How do you like that here it is? It's November 20 1 The election was one on the 7th two weeks ago today's matter fact You know, hi-o-second district a few counties began counting professional absentee ballots and they disputed race between Republican representative Jean Schmidt Who called the a decorated Vietnamer for our veteran John Merthock Howard and Democrat Victoria Wilson Schmidt led by about 20 hundred votes. They'll nearly nine thousand votes could remain to be counted in the district and I'm gonna sneeze up There it is all right now how is 15 district who probably gonna come but there's nothing worse than fake Sneeze you know, I'm saying like you think you're gonna do it and then like it never happens Ah And how is 15 district we're probably gonna come but Deborah Price was ahead of Democrat Murray to a kill Roy by more than 3,500 votes But some 19,000 ballots remain to be counted with the results expected next week and a North Carolina's eighth district Election officials were recounting votes at last week gave representative Robin Hayes in Republican a 339 vote margin and a Democratic-Lerry kissle kissles considering a hand recon they want to do it by hand Wouldn't be the first time nice Friday elections officials in the Mexico's first district Released an unofficial tally showing that Republican representative Heather Wilson on a race against Democrat Patricia Madrid by just 879 votes on a more than 210,000 cash. How do you like that? You idiot to stay at home, huh? You idiot to live in those places of court, which is not a fuss 990 votes on a poll when we come back after the top of the hour we're gonna have a thousand votes by one o'clock Which six I think that means we can go on more lead in it. Yeah, that's what I heard. I'm thinking one o'clock sounds good Sports radio fight The longer to tell her There was a no farmer who lived on a rock It's adding the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick They're feeding the water their hands on their marbles and play things and and have past war They're came a young lady She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white love feet dark She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptius and later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was robbing her eyes at the fence Hello down by the dark in the black-up man with a size of all home in the country with a big fence out front If he asked her for like they she'd show him her little bet doll who was subject to this and Maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick and then she'd been over And suck on his candy so tasty made a butter sky and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies That she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go to yourself All right, 101 at 560 WQM and Friday of course We're gonna be playing that about a hundred times and a lot of other old stuff that we used to play How many bits are there we used to play? Not too bad. I thought we'd have a thousand votes by the time we came back, but we don't well, let's leave anyways 998 998 that's not so great. I thought we'd be like over a thousand and we could all get out of here I'm good to like nice early lunch 999 next votes to 1000s man You could put a feather in your cab you could write that in your memoirs you can tell your grandchildren about that Two days before Thanksgiving day in 2006. I was the 1000 vote on uncle Neal's pool There it is we got it. Oh Oh, yeah 1000 votes You feel any different now than we did before oh yeah, I know Republican governor elect miss Charlie Christ a real flamer named George Lemue is his chief of staff today As he began to form an administrative team built largely from people who've been political advisors or served under him as a dirty general don't you like that the use of words there? They served under him as attorney general. Ah-ha The news served as chief of staff on Chris campaign overseeing the victory over democrat Jim Davis Davis. He also served as Chris deputy attorney general before leaving that position to run a campaign Lemue is born and raised in Broward County where he was twice elected the counties of Republican party chairman Chris also named eight other administrators including deputy chiefs of staff Arlene the Deminego the benign know whatever name is Eric I can't hold much of people nobody ever heard of And Scott the list of all these anybody curious Chris will take office January two We're placing fat ass governor Jeff Bush who couldn't run for your reelection because of termless thank God So we had a phony religious fanatic who's leaving an hour got a phony closet queen who's gonna be the new Republican governor Florida Well, all of a sudden my allergies are acting up you don't think because it was a quarter in hell this morning Do you like minus four Celsius? Yes Man I don't want to start sneezing again. Oh That would be really bad. I'll be gross Now this gross is the scenes in hostile, but close What just wait till you watch saw I'm not gonna watch saw what makes you think I'm gonna watch there Keep the pattern going no thanks I'm just not in the movies that have gratuitous blood doesn't bother me. I mean as in spite of what Josh was trying to feed me several months ago I'm sure when you got into this kick about oh what you're just not into violent movies you can't handle violent As since I just said that you know every movie, you know you mentioned to me I figured that you weren't into violent movies which I still don't think that you are Meaning what then why would I continue action like action movies? Not in action movies you mean like the Terminator and that kind of crap on old okay Jackson Ugh you're right. I'm not I don't want to see that crap Jesse Jackson speaking of crap rights war supporters must face the music in today's Chicago sometimes I can't believe we're gonna be an article by Jesse Jackson wouldn't be the first time No, every now and then he says something to make sense and Then of course you realize that it was him and say well He says when American families gathered to give thanks this week all of us should say a prayer For the young men and women putting their lives at risk in a recognize canister and serving in Bosnia and hundreds of other bases around the world There were all races and creeds some come from proud military families with generations of service Some are new Americans whose families only recently come to this country and a racket Afghanistan Their duty is hazardous and difficult. They deserve our thanks and respect Know what they really deserve Jesse is to come home tomorrow In fact, let's bring a home for Thanksgiving day They have served with coercion honor, but have been deeply misled by their leaders They're stuck in a catastrophic occupation in Iraq even the political generals like General John Abbasate who have learned to trim their views to fit the White House's needs Now say we have only four to six months before the civil war already underway spins out of control More objective aimless. It's already out of control with debt squads murdering and kidnapping hundreds each day Ethnic cleansing taking place from the Kurdish region to the north to the she had areas of the south and bagged at a bloody gangland with private militias splitting into rival tongs In the midst of this disaster its architects are abandoned in shift the very new conservative ideologues who lobbied for this war of choice Even before Bush came to office who wanted to invade Iraq even before the 911 terrorist attacks. They're bailing out These are the zealots who eagerly promoted exiles like oscmy chalobay to propagate lies about son who saints nuclear weapons programs These are the punitive field the op-ed pages and radio TV shows with lies about who saints connections without chiida They were so intent on launching this war that they were prepared to pray on American fears and miss leave the country into a war It would be as Kenneth Edelman said a cakewalk We would be greeted as liberators democracy would break out in what they painted as a secular Iraq and then sweep the region Now they were to disavide any responsibility Edelman is shocked to see that there are a lot of lives lost He now blames the leaders of the administration that he wants to do it. This didn't have to be managed as badly. It's just awful He said Richard Pearl the anxious Richard for a leader of the chalobay lobby now says he didn't realize the invasion would lead to an occupation The occupation says was a foolish thing to do He apparently thought the troops could just overthrow a dictator and democracy would follow just as dawn follows knife It's a problem of execution according to Joshua Muravich The neocon policies delays the blame on secretary defense rummisfail Besides he now writes punyocons actually served in the Bush administration and our woes and Iraq Maybe trace to the conduct of the war rather than the decision to undertake it right Now the American people have begun to understand the scope of the fiasco They went to the polls to demand changing course and Iraq Vostus Mr. I'm a fellow leader of the neocons and brought in the pros James Baker Robert Gates from his father's administration They with the new democratic leadership in the Congress will have the impossible task of Pride restricate America with his little damages possible from the mess that the neocons got us into So the neocons are positioning themselves to blame the mess on those left to clean it up soon They'll be filming the op-ed pages with cries of being betrayed and with calls for a new military adventure package once more with the sessions and distortions America will have squatted priceless lives in any end over a trillion dollars on their folly But the neocons will learn nothing they'll lose nothing the only question is whether the rest of us will know better than next time Our soldiers are still at risk many believe in their cause many understand the situations out of control They follow their orders. They put their lives on the line They deserve our deepest thanks for their heroism to one of them. We must not fail to hold accountable those who misled them and us into this Potentially sounds like impeachment to me That's Jesse Jackson's take Good article even though he wrote it. Yeah, I always have to take seven greens assault Throw over your shoulder when you read some by him We got a thousand thirteen votes on the poll. How do you like that lucky number 13? Very nice And press it now we can go see you Don't forget we have no mad dog day. We are Curtis Neumann's and we get Chris gonna be busy all week He probably didn't know about it because our program our sometimes program director. He's not the in the schedules and Stuff this week. He's busy being you am nerd or whatever. Maybe for very new career somewhere else hopefully Don't go away mad clearance. Just go to hell away soon you idiot Jackson Wyoming Wet dog and stinky feed are some of the words been used to describe the order and by the way If I can interrupt myself for just a second at the beginning of the movie hostile Now maybe I'm wrong, but it seems to me that over the opening credits. There's a scene like in a bathroom or a shower or like you know And it's like there's brown schmutz. There's there's a cleaning guy. He's like thin enough stuff off the floor, you know And there's brown Kind of schmutz like Sliding off the wall. You remember the scene or do you forget about it? No, I don't remember that. Me either watch it again I'll have to watch it again to see the significance of that Yeah, let me do though this may be the bathroom from the last scene in the movie Where they wouldn't be clean them it would be red unless this guy's got brown blood or maybe with something else that was put at any rate Well, I'm saying there a water to the turn brown What wet dog and stinky feed are some of the words being used to describe the order or some paper towels That were stocked in restrooms all over town in Jackson, Wyoming And investigation by the Jackson Hole news and guide Oh Revealed a malotorist product at sift businesses and in most of the 20 t-town county government buildings Maybe that was that brown schmutz that was sliding off the wall Melissa Melissa Schinkle who works in the county clerk's office said county employees didn't talk about the owner at first But then it became a topic of conversation like at the water cool, or you know like they're around town I'll say hey that old fart got a thousand and some votes in before the show's over It was like heavy noticed when you wash your hands They should smell nice, but they smell worst shinkles said it's gross Gross the source was high country lit in the business owned by Mayor Mark Barron which distributed the smelly towels around town in September When we get the reports we dealt with them directly and immediately he said we may have had five or six calls The company's manager Eric Vicks said the towels are manufactured by SEA Tissue North America and Nina Wisconsin There we go again with one of those sister cities Nina minashua Wisconsin You know Wisconsin home of the green Bay Packers who were shot out by the Patriots 35 nothing on Sunday The company's vice president manufacturing Ron 30 what's his name? Who ever could imagine that? Ron 30 said in the statement that odors in our product are highly unusual occurrence Well, they stink, okay? They're stinkin they're making brown schmutz on the walls and people don't wash their hands with your towels and they stink even worse smell like up dog did it they smell like up dog. I would better play that Old kills him good time I don't know what you're chuckling about man. Thanksgiving week is is not good Not a good week. You know how we're not getting any calls? Hey, well, they all started to call in after you picked up for one second. Oh, did they? Yep, well, let me let me turn the monitor on again here. We got a minute or so before the break That line six there Line six is ringing W2M Thanksgiving day line hello She's all right for the table. I thought I'd like okay. What do you say? Shameful Tinkle. I'm with the list and Retrobor and shut it right back off again All right Well, I was an improvement over the one call. I took a few weeks to remember that one. Hi online nine Hi But of course, maybe that creature is died since then we can only pray and then we'll be thankful on Thanksgiving day Now we're not that lucky Permanent after one at five sixty wq a m for a Hey man, who's this it's a Jeff hey, I was in your restaurant and it's my like up dog What is up dog? I don't know what's up G. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo Get it no Okay Hey, Richard Yeah, I was in your restaurant my wife and I and she was commenting as I was that it smelled like up dog Like what up dog What is up dog now what's up with you G? Get it Yeah, hi a gazuntite Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog Not much what's up with you G? Don't get it. I'm busy. What where you one your play smell like up dog? Okay, bye get it Yeah, how are you? Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you G get it I am busy it's 117 is five sixty then we came out rather be busy than dizzy They've got kids were kidding kind of dizzy and then movie last time and hostile You probably would too Wait to hear this this is gonna make you drop a gigantic Meat low right there in the chair. I already dropped a I don't want to hear about it and you need that is the audience okay some of a 70-inch yet, please The OJ Simpson book saga took another twist today when his former sister-in-law Denise Brown accused the media company behind the project have tried to buy her family's silence for millions of dollars Simpsons book if I did it was a sequel if you had dared conceived with Simpson acquitted a murdering his ex-wife and a friend But later found liable and so the court describing how he would have killed him if he done it A spokesman for a news Corp owner or Fox Broadcasting and publisher Arbor Collins confirmed that the company had conversations with representatives of Nicole Brown Simpsons and Ron Golden and his families Over the past week and it's a family's war offered all profits from the plans Simpson book and TV show But he denied that it was hush money There were no strings of tech news Corp spokesman Andrew Butcher said how do you like that? They were offered all the profits from the book and the movie Denise Brown told NBC's today show today that her family response was absolutely absolutely not They wanted to offer his millions of dollars for like oh, I'm sorry money But they were still going to hear the show Brown said we just thought oh my god What they're trying to do is try to keep his quiet trying to make like hush money Try to go around the civil verdict giving us this money to keep our mouth shut Any fascination with Simpson shocking return to public life was overcome by revulsion and disbelief from the public Even news Corp's report Murdoch a media king with a famous taste for scandal couldn't stand it no mole If I did a headman's gauge of layers of two part interview November 27th and 9th on Fox with the book to follow the next day on November 30 Harper Collins postwoman Erin Krum Said some copies already have been shipped to stores will be recalled all copies will be destroyed or set the ones that you'll find for sale on eBay Of course Simpsons and turn the yell galanitor the AP we'd known for three or four days that this was a possibility There were only three possible reactions anger happiness or indifference He's totally indifferent about the fact that it's been canceled the latter said he said he didn't know Simpson was paid up front Ron Goldman sister Kim Goldman said on CBS's early show today the family would take legal action to collect any money Simpson We see from the deal the knees brown went farther Saying that money was being hidden for Simpson so he didn't have to pay the civil judgment The courts one day will find out who that person is brown said who'd be hiding the money Sonny Simpson told the AP in a phone interview late Monday. He couldn't come in on the situation until I know legally Where I stay and he said on his arthritic knees Hope he stands on his knees and falls flat on his face and breaks his freaking neck Hope you break your neck. Oh, Jay you murdering piece of turd I would like nothing better than to straighten out some things that have been mischaracterized He said, but I think I'm legally muzzle at this point Let's put a muzzle on his head and sit him over there to like Kuslovakia would not be good. Yeah Sensational is long been a news corpse again, but the Simpson book drew almost universal anger from those who knew Goldman and Brown from booksellers and advertisers Even from Fox News channel personally below Riley or Riley urged a boycott of any company to advertise than that special It doesn't ever completely it said they wouldn't air the two parts special on numerous stores and he did a client Assaultable for promise to know that any profits from the sale of the book to charity I We didn't think there would have been very many advertisers would have been willing to participate in this show Said Brad Adgate of the ad buying firm horizon media. How do you like that? His name is Adgate Sounds like the scandal when they investigate all these sliders that ourselves department put through Adgate you've heard a watergate And all out of the crap With little advertising five-submitted chance to profit from the show if there were no advertisers The show wouldn't even be rated by Neilson research So the number of people watching would have done nothing that foxes season average you said The cancellation was a stunning rebuked to Reagan books a high profile of imprint of Harper Collins and due to Reagan who had labeled the book End of you Simpson's confession She insisted she had not done it for money, but as a victim of domestic violence was anxious to face down a man She believed got away literally with murder Reagan books is known for gossipy best seller such as Jose can take those juiced And Jenna Jamesons how to make love like a porn star Jose can take those juiced Talk about lies. I guess that's what she specializes in his bullcrap Reagan want to postings most driven and forceful personalities in the media to respond to request for interview The TV special was to wear on to the final three nights of the November sweeps when ratings are watched closely This at local ad rates Adgate it's been especially tough fall for fox which has seen none of its new shows catch on and is waiting for the January Apprentices of American Idol in 24 The closest person in perception about face came when CBS Yankeh that many series about Ronnie Reagan from its schedule in 2003 when complaints were raised about its accuracy It was seen on CBS's premium cable channel show time instead One fox affiliate stage manager said he wasn't gonna air the special because it was concerned whether or not Simpson was guilty He'd still be profiting from murders. I Have my own moral compassness was easy said Bill Lamb General manager of WDRB and Louisville During one of his 400 appearances on CNN's Larry King live Fred Goldman Ron's father expressed appreciate anyone who opposed the book And on and on and on and because like one of those bad the pennies that just keep showing up all over again What does that show with that supposed quiz show with Bill Shattner? I Saw the other pilot to that yeah, I forget what it's called now show me the money show me the money. That's it See I have to ask the question and I have to answer them myself Help you out there Show me the money looks like a really crappy show it is and I like go standard I like him too, but it's just you know there's certain certain things for certain people right like he isn't gonna be performing a surgery on me anytime Soon and I don't think you gotta be doing the hosting some stupid as quesho, but nevertheless And of course singing is right up his alley too. He's one way of a singer So I so what do you think the new line of going to become January first on Q. I am anyway getting back to the apple What do you feel most guilty about a thousand 33 votes boy? It's a there's my good friend Susan candy out of you on CNN Love you Susan and This light-complexed guy he ain't too bad either whatever's name oh there here we go again with the what's his name from Watching our language and every oh my god from sign fell Over and over you know something it must be a really slow time, you know They don't get tired of those big hits man. Wow 1,33 votes on a pool. What do you feel most guilty about nothing? 48% it's been constant of that right from the get-go 496 right from the get-go Drinking too much 236 cheating on my spouse in part and 110 This for is so close to the one we did yesterday that we need to apologize Don't we? Yes, Sean Dug. Three damn close. I apologize not Whatever if you don't like it don't do it a little with it In fact, I spent a diddling so I went to my Desktop a little while ago during the break and there was 800 pictures of Brady Quinn naked and I thought I was thinking of myself I wonder who he's didlin then of course the answer immediately popped into my mind anybody he wants to Probably yeah cheating on my spouse or partner 110. I hate this pool one on nine ten and a half percent that's unacceptable I voted for bush 48 and we hate you like poison for doing it don't ever do that again I never vote 18 and cheating on my taxes only 16 is it great that we have so many honest people in this audience or so many people who cheat on stuff like that But I have no conscience about the biggest name so best talent Oh God For the Where And a phone's for ringing tonight And where was the background? All the people were saving And I was hoping he'd make some day And I was gonna do Oh, there's been problems of dangerous cows Roach live in our TV And a child of endless This blue dance reality How is walking? If whole door clown had a hand in break And they could come all the way Workin' dirty now after it's plain When it's dangerous The common agent for suicide The night is where what's perfect brown And a phone's for ringing tonight The night is where what's perfect brown This water's hanging George, you're over soon But made it for now, thanks Thank you, God, too Yes, somebody are resented to Card 2 And 131 at 560WQM Now these poles from here They are similar but not the same And the board goes back, not a match And they're doing that crap again That's a sign-fold crap For the umteam time over and over And like this is a story that most of us who care about I don't care about it even a little bit You obviously do because you made a big sinnace about it And Miguel cares because he stayed up to watch the last night To make sure he didn't miss his heroes on there No, he just happened to be on Oh 141 votes on the pole I don't care about sign-fell or this guy Or the comedy club Right near that crap I don't care how many times they put it on there I refuse to have the media tell me what I should care about Life is due to him short Enjoy life and tell the media screw off Speak of that Steve Young, not the quarterback Hey Steve You're fairy But the writer Says the only thing talk where you learn From 2006 midterms is that they didn't learn He says mistakes and failures can be positive happen Stance but only if one chooses to learn from them But before you learn you must reassess to find out what we're wrong You must reassess The lords of loud mob pieces of the White House and GOP We're instrumental in helping the GOP score bush Another term in 2004 Probably even more so The knock governor blackwell But even with their softball interviews in private White House Meeting with a president Along with an almost entirely right wing media day Just prior to the election The GOP's talk radio arm failed miserably And turning in another victory for their masters Of course Sean had it he will be the first one Who would have refused He didn't concur with every decision the president GOP made over the past two years Then again a broken clock is wrong 8638 times a day 23 hours 59 minutes and 58 seconds Sean's best pitch was basically that the Republican party Today pissed for a job Shirking their responsibility to Americans so reelect them But what was the difference between winning 2004 and losing 2006 Was it a rally spending more time creating secular progressive Booking man to sell Bill or Riley books and factor gear Was it Laura Ingraham suggested to clock the Democratic voting phone lines How about Limbaugh's flailing about a flailing about like a wounded duck Although certainly turned off a few might've pulled a GOP lever or two But I think the purest example of failure came from Hand of these tired anti-democratic litany Getting even more tired And it's not because Hand of the fans stopped listening to him I'm Francisco Valle was didn't let credit card companies Right the bankruptcy bill or pharmaceutical corporations Right the drug bill or energy companies develop energy policy Sean holds up Hollywood as Limbaugh's Who's like a virtue or infesting the minds of our kids But Hollywood didn't place our kids in the middle of a dilly Quagmar and Iraq Sean replaced Howard Dean's scream as a symbol of a sick party But Dean didn't scream us into an unaffordable healthcare for the truly sick Sean paints and repaints an unhinged Hillary Clinton But Hillary didn't unhinged FEMA by hiring Michael Brown Sean demonizes George Ceros as the money man behind era America But Ceros or air america didn't get paid off by Jack Abramoff Sean claims John carries an ability to deliver a joke about bushes a slam of our troops But Carrie didn't make Republicans cover his benefits Sean's list repeated odd infinites was an attempt to brainwash his listeners And said it made them painfully aware that Sean didn't seem to connect the actual failures Many of them deadly to the real people responsible Nothing turns off a working brain more than being insulted with obvious bullshit For some brains it might take more time than others for the smell to register But it seemed to click for enough to make sure that's what are caring efforts A real detriment to the GOP this past election You control as a failure It may pacify the few fans that aren't yet realized the channel needs their post-dolition wounds For the benefit of his humongous financial return But as long as he and the rest of the rights noise machine don't realize their target tactics are getting very tired The whole and their logical be large enough to drive through a 2008 democratic victory truck That's what Steve Young says You know Steve Young? Yeah, I know He's an award-winning TV writer and failed talk show host who author great figures of the extremely successful Or something like that he's a guy and it sounds working chip So if it's not the smirking chip it must be okay. Must be one of our people Is that the way we look at these stories? Yeah, that's what of our people In other words, that's the right wing fascist who we deplored and feel nauseous about just thinking about There's that story of trash talk and Stop laughing I'm really busted up over this and I'm I'm very very sorry To those little people catch a new audience and sign-filled had tell him stop laughing It's not funny am I correct about that? Yes, you are Isn't that pathetic? This is serious. This is on a polity. And see Jerry Sinfeld will help give you the cue when the laugh when it is funny when it's not and of course when he starts being funny letting me know I don't think it's going to happen in my lifetime but nevertheless If ever there was a walking ad for anti-Semitism It's either him or the nanny man or maybe Barbara Streisand A walking ad for cross-eyed anti-Semitism It's just all of nauseating nauseating But you liked that show a lot and so to just about everybody I love the show. I'm not saying I like him. I've seen his stand up. I think it's terrible Really? I've never seen him do anything and stand up routine that I laughed at But the show I'll tell you when to start with That's great Okay Now what about she is? Did you like she is? Not really. Good 1050 on a pool. Why we keep getting on these the same numbers all the time I don't know what that's all about. I think it really boils down to it Now correct me if I'm wrong but this is my take I think that basically regardless of even when we put the poll on there There are certain number of poll voters on our show every day Yes You know what I mean? Sooner or later they're going to get on there I mean eventually even if we start to poll a little bit later if we start early We're basically within a certain range You know I mean start to figure it out. Are you? Yeah, I'm a little bit slow. All in slow that is correct So maybe now I don't have to panic so much when I say Oh, I mean I make a thousand votes today like you really believe I'm panicking like I really care like I give a Schmidt I don't I do give a Schmidt that this bitch is on it is whatever the hell or name it. What is your name? You heard the whole apology on on Letterman right? Oh my god, it's just scary scary let's see what they're talking about MSNBC just in case there might be something different I think I think that would be a good way to threaten people to get against your kids to watch the show And then if they do anything like unacceptable ship them off Threaten to send them to Slovakia. Oh, I won't be doing that no mole I especially like some of those instruments they had there's some of the torture instruments And so while we're he like snipped off for a little one of our toes What a little bit of a girl is good The girl on the asa I seen it On there is a what's his name? Jewish faith so closely on the Quebec to Mexico, K. UCLA has been a good out of our face Yeah, you're right. He is funny, but I just his take on this whole thing is just nauseating Taking a little bit like over the top It's really scheduled to appear on Letterman Monday night, so he was upset by Richard's time range You know, I was extremely upset about that Oh, I'm upset that you're on my TV. I would like to if I had a brick here I would break the screen I didn't have to buy a new one What's so insane about this I Where's little alien? I need to let me need him at least that was I don't know that was some good drama This is just the same tired crap over and over and over again God that rich reminds me of my mother That's a movie We've got a camera so you'll get watched and on your TV She's not a girl, not yet a woman so can't keep them screw and fit me You'll see she's not that much, you're a Kevin thought you're not even single down She will always be her draft Kevin needs a draft Half the little fool around She just came understand how one small hand he can Maybe it's so odd to be I Made a line And never you can't go Mind to just keep on spreading I'm like, oh Kevin's been alive Made a line Well, I've been late to never not know more anyway It's a 145 what are discussing thought that is Anyway, here's some good news finally America's rising up I hope You won't believe this although they try to be foreign and failed And it's really because Americans are very stubborn The US made this hoping that Martin Van Buer and Emily the film work can do what Susan be Anthony And second, Gawia who the hell is that couldn't get Americans to use dollar coins Who's second, Gawia? Some engine The Indian, yeah What engine? Some Indian What if defonoism? The men on Monday reveal the design of the new US $1 coin Which will be issued in a series that will eventually include the faces of each US president It will release four new presidential dollars each year starting with George Washington John Adams, Thomas Jefferson And James Madison in 2007 the event view and dollar will be released in 2008 and the film will be more in 2010 Richard Nixon who resigned in disgrace in 1974 and the wake of the Watergate scandal will appear on the coin in 2016 Why the hell are they going to do that? The made is hoping they continually changing facial and size consumers to break the traditional reluctance to use dollar coins I say the best thing to do is like stop making any more dollar bills We don't have any dollar bills I don't know about that Why not? We don't have any dollar bills or two dollar bills in Canada we have dollar coins and two dollar coins Dollar coins are loony and a two dollar coins are two-dollar coins We need a dollar bill for the strip clothes Strip clubs tips can afford to be given so they're paying the machine You know there's a lot of stuff I guess they don't have any soda or candy machines here And then Europe they've got the euro coins to dollar and two they don't have dollar bills The smallest bill is five a piper That's way too much Man for you guys yeah The mid is hoping they continually changing faces will entice consumers to break the traditional reluctance to use dollar coins We think Americans are going to want to collect this series and that'll drive the coins to the economy City Westminster director Edmund Moe that's M. Oye He hopes to avoid the fate of the Susan B. Anthony dollar which was issued in 79 to 81 to get a 99 to one of the women's suffrage pioneer But due to its size and silver color it was to easily confuse with a quarter It is not largely distributed as change from mass transit system ticket machines You know what we really need to do is give rid of the dollar bill and the pennies Say goodbye to the pennies The gold color second guilla dollar followed in 2000 showing the native American guide to 1804 explorers Lewis and Clark and her infant son But I never heard of second guilla I'm sure I'm not saying you're right unless me if I care no Sing a wrong what I have heard of them But limited the second guilla quality is led to many being stands to a back collectors Reducing circulation and thus from the air he said rod gillers And then of course you could always sell him on eBay He by the way is head of the head of education if he American new is not a dissociation Colorado Springs The presidential dollar coin we similar in size and cut are the second guilla but a Bernouan description on the a verse or face side In God we trust a purpose unum and the issue year in the mint mark will appear on the edge It will be on the edge just like you guys are I'm lucky enough to stupid as dollar bills God Although we said the coins will be a boon for collectors and teaching children about past presence It's successfully limited by Americans attachment to paper dollars As long as we have the paper currency out there dollar coins will never be successful You'll listen we're gonna have to discard the dollar bill or mass producer many of these coins They'll be out there at retailers get rid of those dollar bills baby get rid of them And you're giving me a son as well Canada what do they know Moist said the mint successful 50 state quarters program help push usage to the coins He as even collectors center spent spent their duplicate versions He's hoping that the presidential dollars be freely spent as well Also helping prospects for the coin is inflation he said noting that parking meter prices are dollar more per hour many cities And stack machine prices are rising to who now wants those dollar bills know anymore, huh? You want to cope five bucks? In fact, the vending industry machine see I don't understand what you're talking about because vending machines take coins, okay? Demis yeah, well, what I'm supposed to carry around a bunch of coins. Yeah, get out of here You don't have any coins in your pocket in my car I do by the way something you're pronouncing it right Second go in yes How about you, you're a person second your wea Oh, yeah, what a sack that is native North American woman guide on the way to a sack of Julia The US Treasury could also say billions from a switch because coins last 30 to 40 years in circulation compared to about 18 months for paper currency A number of other countries such as the UK you call use coins exclusively for their single unit currencies and Canada and the EU the whole like that But of course whoever wrote this on CNN is too stupid. No get out of the house much probably ought to be sent to Slovakia You know the thing that really cracks me up. I mean many things crack me up about the movie. It's not not a funny movie, but just some stupid stuff. Here's these three punks in Amsterdam they're back packing their way through Europe like a lot of young people do and have done for years And they started out in Paris and then they're going to go to Amsterdam and they're going to want to be Barcelona. Was nothing I tend to very have a leaf something like that to go Okay, so they're an Amsterdam and they're in this coffee shop and they're all passing the the tube I'll smoke in the upper storm and there's all these hot hookers all over the place and they get to tip from somebody in there that the hottest hookers are in Slovakia Correct So they have to get on the train and go to Slovakia. I got news for if you're if that's what you're looking for is to get laid and some hot S and you're an Amsterdam and you got to get on train to go to Slovakia. You deserve to be in the torture chamber. Okay, that's how stupid you are Even Jay Hernandez my buddy he doesn't always my buddy yet, but he will be someday. What are you laughing about? You want to picture for your next wallpaper? No, I do not what Jay Hernandez. I'm going to be I'm going to replace Brady Quinn with Jay Hernandez who is marginal at best I mean he's it okay. I mean there was nobody know how guys in that movie That's why he looked so much better Then his ugly buddy and then of course that Icelandic guy that geek that they picked up on a road somewhere They should have dropped it. I think he was the he was the bad the oldman. Oh What oh look I feel like it's it's your place. We got the fire alarm going off Do you can hear I guess well I've been in the show now a little bit early Sorry, I got news for a man. They're never gonna let you out of there even if the whole building's on fire Then I collect you out and the fire department won't respond either the fire department for the listening audience is right around a corner on I've Did he rode Break down the street about a mile less than a mile and they don't we We're not fire alarm goes huh right next to the dumpster right next to where George buys his dope 1071 a thousand seven I can actually hear that Yeah, I got my mind Not nearly as impressive as the ones I got you got to admit that and we were hearing the one from the hallway the one in here They shut off. Yeah, oh yeah, because they don't want you guys to know the buildings on fire and you're gonna die because the show must go on baby Hey listen I could handle it. We only got about seven minutes to go in four minutes of his spots anyway And if you look at this last last break we got like 400 units in it nice going Chris I still say we have a cell five seconds spots. Hey So that's like in in a minute that's 12 units. So that means we could do 48 units breaks on a show Whenever good You think so yeah 171 votes on a pool. What do you feel most guilty about and probably this I'm this pool? I think we ought to add that this pool because I I voted for nothing, but I feel guilty about doing this pool Sorry Sean. It's not a bad pool, but it should have separated him by a couple of weeks anyway when you think I would have been better Although they don't seem to really care, you know, it's just something to vote on it's like like that story I just had they they took a pool online Well, would you use the dollar coins? Yes, you know and two thirds of us said yes out of 38 thousand respondents on CNN I like that as opposed to you guys who are just couple of hard asses That we don't want the dollar bills. No, can't have them stick the coins in the garden are okay screw coins If you want now they do have something to have a hole in the middle Some of your guys no seriously there were some of the old European coins. I think some of the German ones and like Scanton even coins had holes in the middle, but nevertheless, but you do want me to put this pole as an option No, I do not when you just relax the pole is done just relax Okay, you're under too much stress today too much stress Just keep in mind you're gonna pick it on Thursday and then Friday you got the day off You got a five day holiday weekend or what? I love it for you. Huh? I said you're welcome to him Come and listen to us to the preacher named The keys to the taking method heaven day sex and just when you thought he was a superwet just dude out Consistores it sounded pretty good Bad things that is gay escort Swartney math Well the first thing you know old heads to hit the grid then and gay love while he was loving it They said beg forgiveness and drop to you knees and cry say you sin then ignore hypocrisy Come on