Joy's Presence and Care about Black people. Well, I'm making some, I said, I'm wondering straight about my friend during the book. Some people say, But no, it's not a joy. It's a joy. If they need drugs, Black men, So what's the point of the night? Bring those hands like they can. And if they're George Bush's mind, So what if they need Snorbed online? Well, if they can't have it, I see him. Who got him, Carried, He's constantly a man. Who raised the name, And placed these laws That's taking my hand. So here's two boys. He's never mine. For me. I guess I'm just a hundred-stay And what do they do with that? The man laying president, So now, It's done, There's no player in other On the contrary. Like Gerald War, For instance, He was on the side. But the way I was involved in that was that, I was like, Jimmy Carter, For example, I was like, He was so awesome on this kind of way. He didn't even know For us, It's just for the first day. More people. But I can avoid being delighted But I think that, Not as easy, All the reason I jumped down The cherry tree Was because he had the one tree. So I'm going to throw it. Like about it. 10 out to his IQ, I'm not in sports time. I can't believe my cable box is a minute slow. How's that possible? I thought the guys were getting out early this morning or something like that. I thought maybe they'd give me back some of that time From lately, You know, these rejoins that we have That go on for like about five minutes. See, I don't really think, Well, I don't want to go into it. What's the point? You know, Am I going to like, That one's clearance on anything? Oh, he's the expert. He's been in the business for about ten minutes. Well, you're going to say that you don't think That these people want to hear these long-ass Rejoins about the game. Yeah. And about some sports interview that was on like seven days ago Or whatever, I was going to say, What do you go on and on and on and on. Like I've said before, It's like having four on issue. Of course, I don't know how many brace they're doing The rest of it. They probably 10. But we have four brace in hours. I haven't four five minute newscast in our great Programming clearance to idiot. And then the end of the show. You know how you try to back time So you get out of here right on time every day Which I try to seriously to do. And then yesterday that long ponders was a rejuvenant where the man dog is But I beat but I would but I mean, I mean usually he's pretty entertaining And the cost taken whatever. But it was just ponders. You know, we all have our ponders moments. And it went on and on. Am I right Josh? Did echo on for an interminable amount of time Or was it my imagination? No, you're right. It was pretty long. And well, what are they thinking about? How long do those have to be? Why can't we say, Get managed two to four weekday. Mem about my or whatever. You know, whatever it's going to be. Whatever that rotation is. You know? Jelly nice for the man for the hopping. Something. What are you talking about? Broadcast. Yeah, I know nothing about this business man. Thank God we got a program director with years and years of experience Who is presiding over 20 hours of sports radio that are just kicking Our own ass. Big time. So, um, Miguel, I used to name Caucho. Or he says he's listening twice and there's nothing wrong with it. That was not that kind of. And he comes in behind. In other words, it's listenable. I don't want to sit here for both that thing before you know it. It was wasn't bad enough that Sean's who had a supplement Anti-mined portfolios today. Yeah, that was horrible. Probably PO'd half of army of audience. And now you're trying to shove them up to now they're doing well. Man cow. But that's stupid. And Steve Lappa guy and Norma can't his boyfriend. More bad news from Iraq. I can't believe it. Can you believe that? Why don't you ever read any of the good? Because there isn't any. You all believe the songs that George found between yesterday and today. And also we got my computer unscrewed up. Thanks to Eric. Nice going, Eric. You idiot. I think he was partly responsible for being so difficult in the first place. But nevertheless, that would get him all we got. He is so emotional. At least, 119 team Iraqi policemen were killed in shootings. Abductions in bomb attacks in October. The interministeries said today, underscoring the tool of actual Letless violence is in clicking on the poorly trained and underacquipped force. Iraqi president, Jalal Taliban, he said, on trip to France. It would take his country two or three years. The set up at toe and security forces and send US light troops home. Two or three years. You can only imagine how many more dead troops we can have by then. How much more mother and bloodshed we can have. At court. I mean, I mean, don't stay the court. Yeah, stay the court. I've never said it, but let's stay the court. What's the worst thing about men we asked yesterday, and boy, you people were not happy with that pull. I apologize profusely, not. If we could do the one about women, why don't I do the one about men? Although interestingly, since our audience is almost entirely male, when we did the pull about, what's the worst thing about women? I think there was on Monday. Whenever it had happened, that's the only negative I see on the history here on our website. Eric did a fine job on that. But you don't see the date. You know what I mean? You have no idea what the date was when we took these babies? I see. You follow what I'm saying? So when I go back in there, when I'm ready stuck for a pull idea, and I go back into the history and find an oldie, but a good oldie. I don't want to go oldie. I don't want to do one that we just did like six weeks ago or something, and of course with my senior moments that I have now, I see how that can I remember when we had done it. You know, I'm sure he could arrange it so that the date would show. Well, I'm just tossing that out there. I don't want to create any defugalies for him. What's the worst thing about women? And let's see. I hate this pull. It was only 6.4%. What's the worst thing about men, which we did yesterday, the leading response was I hate this pull. 25.7% on a 1472 votes. 370 on you guys said I hate this pull. That's what I want with men. Wow. That's right. I hate this pull. 370. Nine of session with sports 180. There's slabs 158. There are too many of them. That was Georgia's idea. 127. I don't think there's enough. Yeah. Of course, if I could like, maybe wave a magic wand. I feel a lot more mean than what they'd all look like. But nevertheless, in fidelity 119, they lie like hell 114. Nothing. They're great. Men are great. 1008. Now what was the deal we had on a women? Let's see. Only 6%. Here we have 7.3. No, not bad. Men are in considered 105. They rape 81. That was Georgia's wife. They're all rapists. And that's because her limited experience of courses with. We were watching the news story. Nothing. They're perfect. Men are perfect 36. Well, whatever you say. They can't commit 25. They're homophobic. They're not in the infagus 22. They're very upset about that whole thing. I'm not sure if it's lesbian's, which they like a lot. What am I going to do about this clock being a minute slow here? I don't understand how that can happen. Because it's supposed to be like, you know, the atomic clock. I don't know. We're slow. Because I'm looking at my city pulse clock on here, which is 10.0.734. And everything still says 10.0.6. It's coming up on 10.0.8. I don't get that. Or how is that possible? If you set it ahead an hour, we can leave an hour early. It says it's 152. Not for repacking. Now, you're always telling me about South Carolina, but difference between North and South Carolina. That is correct. A 23-year-old Clover South Carolina man, who police say tried to dig up the grave of a 12-year-old girl after seeing her picture in her picture in her picture. It has been sentenced to 20 years and per hour. Ryan Nicholas Garcia never did find the girl's grave. Thanks God. And told investigators, you wanted to take her home and have fun. Clover police within a rattle horn. Brother. Take her home and have some fun. Garcia pleaded guilty, but mentally ill, yesterday the two charges of destruction of a graveyard. Circuit judge John Haynes, sentenced Garcia to 20 years in prison, ordered him to register as a sick of a sex offender. How can you be a sex offender when you want to do a dead person? Is that offensive? Well, offensive to anybody, I guess, but you see what I'm saying? You're a funding the carcass. Two mental evaluations found Garcia has a chemical imbalance in his brain that makes him want to have sex with corpses and children. That's the offensive attorney John Reya said. What? The chemical imbalance thing. That's a good excuse. Remember, any Garcia hasn't decided whether to appeal. The fact that he's in South Carolina, I think that should be an issue of comfort. Garcia was arrested in May 2005 after running through a grocery store where he once worked in a full-length ring-code black sweater camouflage gloves in a mask. Off his researching his carf on a black plastic bag shovels a pickaxe, and other digging tools in the grocery store. Garcia then told police he was embarrassed because he had been trying to dig up the girls' grave. He had seen the name of a little girl near Bittery as the paper hall said he thought she was cute and he wanted to take her home. You're like a pet, but you see a pet. Definitely he's went to the cemetery and found a hole about three feet deep gercee told him he dug into cemetery twice, but never located the girl's body. Garcia, who was a national merit scour at York High School in South Carolina told the girls family he was sorry. I apologize to anyone I've heard from actions he said. Clover by the way South Carolina is about 20 miles south west of Charlotte North Carolina. Is that a square near? Right. Charlotte right on the border there. Right. So is that a square near? I've made your came from Raleigh, didn't he? Long with radio Joe Bell, which is north. I see north Carolina. Well nothing to be fine than someone can Carolina. And stand out of Carolina. I don't know what it is you like about it if they're up there. See you could be out there in the woods in a quarter-lane Idaho or like him. Yeah, but I can't drive there conveniently during the occasion. Or like an Aintree, which is your far-way Georgia. Right. Well I don't understand because like when the time changed on Saturday night naturally everything you know everything connected with a computer automatically went back to daylight or to a standard time. We didn't have to posh you with it. So how is it possible that my cable box? I don't know which has always been the pendible as always. I always give the time off of that, you know. Now I have to keep the city pulse on. So you're going to have to keep on CNN. Good. I'll stay on this until I figure if there's some way I can reset the time or something on this. You think that's possible? No. Could be. Like I can go to menu. Yesterday we were talking about the computer on the show for a half-to-show. Maybe I didn't do it around with the cable box today. It's the Diddleston show. What's the final poll shows where still voters may concern you realize today is Thursday. Election Day is only, let's say, front is Thursday. Five days away. I do that with my fingers. Not a senior moment. The Iraq War continues to be the prevailing concern on the minds of voters near Thompson, and the little pair on the cover of its edition today already did. According to the final time CBS News full before election day, Mark and said it Iraq is the most important issue affecting their vote. And majority of Republicans and Democrats said they wanted to change in the government's Improved to the war, said, and am I right, and am the Gordian, Migan Thee. Only 20% said they thought the U.S. was winning the war in Iraq down from a higher 36% in January. The poll underlined the extent to which the war has framed amid thermal elections. And the Gordian Thee also report that aside from the war in Iraq, the poll included worse than indicators for Republicans as they go into the final days of the campaign, in which many of them are bracing for lost seats in the house and the Senate. They're off toors as they see in Indonesia. The poll found that just 29% of Americans approve of the way Bush is managing the war in Iraq, matching the lowest mark of its presidency. Augh! Matter of sunny. Nearly 70% of Americans had Bush did not have a plan to win. The war in the overwhelming 80% said, Mr. Bush's latest effort to value public support for the conflict and amounted away, change in language, but not in policy. In other words, he can say, stay the court, or fix it whatever it only wants, but he influence too many of even the dumbest of the dumb. How do you like that? And in a year when there are many close races and where the party success had turned, the voters out of the food to be key, Democrats were much more enthusiastic than Republicans about voting, and more likely to say they would support their party's candidates. The Republicans were slightly more likely to say they would turn out. Fifty percent of independent voters, a closely-wise segment of the electorate in such polarized times, said they intend to vote for the Democratic candidate versus 23% who said they would vote for a Republican. Among registered voters, 33% said they planned to support Republicans, 52% vote for Democrats, that's a 19-point lead. And no matter how many John Kerrys they tried out of the food work in the next five days, it's going to be pretty hard to blow that. And less of course we have like another big Osama tape, or like another one of these contrived events, something up Carol Roe, so even up Mark Foley. Right, Tom. Thanks. Ten-third team. Well, I'm all confused in this time. We have no idea how this concerning it is to look at the clock and realize that it's wrong. I could look at my watch says ten-third team, they'll tape it up to the border. I'll take one thing to speak at a number, as it's down on mattresses, birthday and it's there. But turn the media. It's birthday. They've been around a long time. I've been new business with that mattress for years. They are sensational. It's the most pleasant, the easiest piece is shopping that anybody can do. And to celebrate their birthday, Dalamay Prison Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on best selling Simmons V2S pillow top. How do you like that? It's their birthday now. My birthday is Sunday. Happy birthday. Neil, thank you so much. But don't mention it. Please. You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V2S with same day delivery. If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep call, Dalamay Prison at 1-800-MATF, and get yourself factory-direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense, no BS. You don't have to slump all over time to compare us and shop. Forgetting about those over price betting and departments to us, that's not the way to go. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. The Dalamay Prison is a very important thing. I should have probably, I don't know. Pregnus would have been good for me. I'm not a total big. But I voted that to try to be, I don't know. Because I have my prejudices, especially with all my trips out there to wood vine. Again, again, yesterday, there were some really small people there. Man, smelly, small army. Just, I don't know. I don't know who these people are. Maybe they come from an apple tree from the dregs of Italy. The Italian people are going out there. Because they don't like the Italian, they have forgotten Italy. I never would have gone back. I never heard of the doctors and get keys in Italy. But never less. And then the Russians, how much are all I should have said because Josh's Russian girlfriend will be very upset. She doesn't listen anyway. How much what? She does. She does? Sometimes. Well, I was going to ask her if she wants to use your voice on the show. There's no one that is. It's impossible because she's interested in what we're talking about on the program. She likes old-faggy guys. That would explain a lot. Man, oh man. How many stores do you say since you so far, thanks to the airport, you've got to have me all the way straight now. We're 11 hundred stories for the website, tomorrow. You're ready for a long weekend of reading, tomorrow is Friday, which means Friday Saturday Sunday, Monday Saturday. You're going to be reading up your ass. Cause Josh is going to put stories on there about people that haven't been born yet. Iran has announced that will carry out wargames in the program. Nah, I was starting to say about the Russian people, very fundamentally. They don't be the lot. If we did the full. Maybe this is a good one for tomorrow again, I don't know. Do you think there are still people out there still using soap instead of body wash? Sure, it's still in the supermarket isn't it? Yeah, that and here what kind of a schmuck is still using soap people who like hair people like hair on or soap Yeah, especially curly ones Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah for the scrubbing effect. Oh God It would like maybe like guys were in white buck shoes and nickers or two piece bathing suits of the beach you just silly old Stove you I mean I'm an old funny that he fart on the first one to admit it You know can I say something about that right now since my birthday is coming up on Sunday I'm gonna be 64 which is very close to a very close to a physical Curious But I remember back in the day and of course then there were those others who came along and started ripping off my act But that's okay Probably wouldn't be the best time not to be talking about that But as far as ripping the old people you know in the Holy hell the a soft floor to the condo mentality Oh my god, it's our time sunny get out of here This is not for you. You're too young to be that kind of crap where you had to be retiree to be in South Florida and to be miserable and hateful and stuff like that Well here I am I'm almost the senior citizen officially and guess what I I said it back then and I'll say it again now no matter how old I get I'm never gonna be like that no So I don't know what those people were like when they were younger But I imagine yeah, they just had other miserable people That was a nasty a of course a there's something about South Florida that attracts like a maggot magnet it attracts that element of old farts Misrible hateful old farts who's philosophy is it's not important that you should be happy But everybody else be miserable Share the misery that's the mentality should be a big big sign welcome to Florida come in and share our misery We got loads because I mean, you know I could understand if you're holding heavy Exynpains now knock on oh gee that hurt knock on wood I don't have accent pain Almost that my coffee And I don't have any accent pains. I mean I don't know how it must be that weird Hard enough no I don't have any one of I actually do have a kind of our three-to-shoulder. That's a stop machine shoulder Oh I try to shoulder laugh at that What do you get tunnel a carpal tunnel syndrome from repetitive That it can be a role there is more and more people I get in that from tap tap tapping on it and they Repeated those motion disorder whatever it is right that's it now you got you some on it That's carpal tunnel whatever it's all the same right well I got that my shoulder now From that putting the motion in my casket at the and you're telling me about wow You're losing all your money if they could see now Mind you I didn't say yes today You give me I'm right I get that You do enough people I know already including you imagine if my mother was still alive. Yeah. No. I said I hope you do You hope I lose all my money. I hope you lose all of your money when I croak What am I gonna leave for you and by the way? I'm not leaving me to want anything. I know so what do I don't hope you squeeze Whatever you can't out of me now while I'm still working because once I'm out of here You know, I thank you very much thanks for the memories, but by my remember you're worth more alive than dead to see you Yeah, oh yeah, because I you know you're always talking about rimmer and people like that about clingsons You know although at least you contribute something drives you course does it but reluctantly You know he pretends his mind He's all right He just doesn't mind he just doesn't want to be overburden I can understand that he's young guy wants to go out and get drunk and get later V night and that go home to his ugly old roommate They do sleep in the same bed of it. Oh And also I discovered then I knew it any job players on the road have roommates. They sleep in a two-door room Yeah Josh now which one of you? I guess it was Josh because you don't have nothing about sports anyway He was given me crap out on all professional athletes don't share rooms on her of course they do What is wrong with you man? Well, well, well, remember we got a call about that and it was a One that did that a lot of people don't do that Well, what difference does it make they don't sleep in the same bed? They sleep in the same room in different beds They're not doing each other necessarily all the some of them probably might be and That's just the way it is since you're sure what type of about that and for God It's your ages got a male roommate the second one now again. That would you know, I might have roommates get on in here Oh really everybody I Real me now show you Your self remember he works in radio. Yeah. Oh, it's another factor. Yeah He can't afford to be living in a nice polished place by himself How did that collection go yesterday on the court of their by Chuck Substant and that's a good huh? You got about 50 cent take a fimble out there on the stand on the street and see the generous audience of ours Who are so full of crap look at that 50 point three percent they're completely open minded We love everybody. We don't care about blacks or Hispanics or yeah, right or Fags Right, all of that it's 1027 see I'm doing my break based on the Chuban time I don't know what else going on with this doesn't it stretch you's being a little bit peach-hudier Well, Eric says they don't use the atomic clock or anything like that Marcus always been right in sync man right on top right in sync always the right Same maybe they haven't calibrated it lately. Yeah, I have a town man. They just headed over the weekend when we changed it when we switched to clock Back it's arbitrary. They don't have no problem I'm not really all I've used to get to dark so early now. I don't like that. I hate deal I understand you just take a time and stick with it. I don't want change. Okay. It's 148. See you Yeah, what are we gonna do about those regions? I know it's told them that before they will listen to me No, sir. They're too long too long What I can't want to say the Kenny and Bow morning show 7 to 10 week days. I'm QM Like can we just say that that takes five seconds that these long ponders Regions that go on and on and most of my very entertaining or amusing it's like how it's like a contest It's like an endurance contest how much of this craft can you endure before you finally shut the radio off for change of Station you just don't understand that that's what people want to hear what is a much of sports nerd crap Yeah, and not just on the original show, but repeat it again throughout the day I'm gonna be 10 30 already. I'm gonna do two breaks back to back like the being used to do Alan Burr Yeah, I think it about it me experience the difference that Mercedes men's of Pompano and don't forget And Mercedes men's of Pompano doesn't matter what time of the month or what day of the year it is when you buy a vehicle because you always get to same fabulous deal Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes men's luxury sedans the 2007 GL class the first Mercedes Ben's full size SUV or their large selection of great certified pre-owned cars You always get an unbeatable deal when you choose Mercedes men's of Pompano There are over 200 employees working their brains off dedicated to providing new incomparable service Our for new express lube courtesy vehicles in complimentary car wash to make an appointment to the business to open Said you can even deal your miles just like frequent flyer miles Rows Mercedes men's of Pompano's indoor respo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or go to bends Pompano.com VENZ bins Pompano.com on the wicked web Experienced a difference at Mercedes vence of Pompano. You'll find him at i95 and copains road Call 1 800 new bends any w b e n z that's 1 800 new bends for Mercedes vence of Pompano trust me when I tell you a Mercedes Ben's leader like no other you'll be ever seen For 205 60 You Don't believe it and yet you admitted that there were these CIA secret facilities So why's that on within the long they had a vamist the international says secret sites are against international Well, we just agreed this agreement and trust my job is to protect you and most of my 13 people if I said that we had the We'll be thanks to master man. We're going to now. I love it. I would say twice the CPP being information out of them We're that fortunate What we did I have the obligation to make sure that our professionals who I would ask to go That's a tough interrogations to find out what might be happening who might become To this country I'm getting the tools I need and that is clear long This is an important point and I think if the point I just made is the most important point Okay, and that is the program has not gone forward Maybe you can give a hypothetical about North Korea On the other side the point is that the program is not going to go forward if our professionals do not have clearly Law and the best way to provide clarity along if the maturity each and each treatment act It's a flexible that's how we define common article three in a such a good standard for the country that you just talked about Messing Common article three says that we'll never be no outrageous upon human dignity What does that mean? How outrageous upon human dignity What does that mean? Well, what does that mean? It's 1034 look at that actually they finally put the eastern daylight standard time on CNN on the bottom right of the screen There's just moments ago that it said 730 or 3 whatever Ever since it will company clock is always off Well mine never is off. Okay. I've been doing shows in the studio for almost five years now And it's never been off is right on you could set your life on okay Tell you what he did to it. I think a part doesn't mean it won't be it won't be what off? Oh wait a minute now. It's back on again. I see oh no, it just switched over to the police out on CNN Well, who what they'll let's see it in no anyway, okay? Are they on the atomic clock my watch is the atomic clock? Yeah, watch this. It's a satellite calipers. It's 1035 13 in my cable box still says 1034 I'm standing on city false you are seeing an adoring crap. I don't want to watch that garbage fair to soap opera Really talking about get out and here with that no fella tell no fella Yeah, I put my TV on the audio if you don't watch it. Oh, yeah, there he didn't dump button every two seconds double dog there 938 votes. Do you consider yourself completely open minded for 177 50 point eight percent? You are so full of it man. I never met any of that part of our audience or anybody else. I don't know such people view no, I already asked you there Pregnettist 314 everybody's got prejudices even if you don't like people with red hair for example See most people wouldn't consider that to be a prejudice. It's a you know just a thing. It's just part of your Emotional makeup you're about a lot of people southern earth people Right red next yeah, who's drooling yay who's with the purpose of hanging out? So yes screaming queens with cloned mustache is things like that People with silly white hair and dark to funny sometimes like Charlie a crisp A prejudice we have it in 14. That's a little bit better a little more honest now I hate this pool 75 7.9 percent a lot of hate going around of course It's Florida races 47 and a total big of 25. I shouldn't have voted for that I mean compared to the average Joe out there in the street. I'm about as broad-minded as you can get right and I'm a bigot I'm you know See people just lie just like that pool we had to have a man lie almost all our audiences men and they lie a lot Not all men just most of me lie through their teeth. Oh Yeah, I think there's nothing wrong with you know filling the blank just like that stupid fact I got about 10 of flying angle with New Jersey remember that about the people from Asia in the etc Just like Toronto. It's just a big you know The sunny shining man. It's a beautiful day here of course It's only 38 degrees but that's beside the point. You know what's wrong with a little chill in the air, right? Right? No snow yet You be so looking at the forecast looks like some fluries overnight. That's no look too promising But nevertheless it's called the change of season and you know what that is that's a great rationalization I enjoy the changes season you enjoy it. You're ass. Okay. It's just another lot So I sang I enjoy what it's freezing cold and I'm slipping in the ice and falling in almost breaking my neck and try to drive through two feet of snow Nobody enjoys that but they give you that line. It's a rationalization because nothing is perfect No places perfect right right Oh look at that line of crack coming and there's some snow around not here though when surprised me if most of it dumps on the pew Maryland is on track to repeat the chaos of the 2000 election in Florida Even without butterfly ballots and hanging chads Maryland faces several elections related problems that Streat in the accuracy and propness of next Tuesday's results. Oh boy. Here we go again Uncertainly looms about that states electronic voter rolls the number of training your poll workers and anticipated challenges in the aftermath of election day. I am very concerned said US representative Elijah He comes Maryland Democrat. I don't want anything to undermine this democracy These security and reliability of the states electronic voting machines have been questioned for months And the machines performance in September's primaries have reinforced doubts about Tuesday's voting We're setting ourselves up to become another Florida How can you have confidence in the outcome of the election said the Reverend Bobby Henry and attorney and associate minister at Jericho City of praise in land over Oh boy, have we gotten these voting machines fixed or what according to a recent study by Princeton University Dabble election system based electronic voting machines which are being used in Maryland other states are vulnerable to a number of extremely serious attacks That undermine the accuracy and credibility of the vote counted produces the Princeton report echoes the findings As several other studies that found the machines vulnerable to hackers and viruses to weeks ago A 2004 version of the computer code used in Dabble's machines was male anonymously to a former delegate Many officials have railed against the machines like a paper trail to verify votes. They're raging against a machine Mon the Democrat control legislature this year killed a bill that would set up machines to scan paper ballots and September's primary elections faulty electronic voting machines Him, which we booted continually after 40 votes have been cast caused extensive delays and lots of voters were turned away from the polls And I'm assuming especially the darker their skin was the way to the likelihood they get turned away from the polls when you say I imagine in fact If it's up to Bush and his bush heights, I think probably let's bring back the poll text before next Tuesday It's gonna cost you a thousand dollars to vote Cool cash no credit cards. Sorry no food stamps cash all the thousand dollars can I bigger-person no food stamps that counts both you guys up All this yeah first probably a Joshing been about anyway are you no What a what a weasel man what a Charlie Chris went by the way the latest Florida poll shows these back up six points again Over Jim Davis you know that's Charlie get Chris your hypocrite phony volonia in the closet Next governor, you know what but why should it be a different we're used to that? We didn't have an affony phony phony fat ass dysfunctional governor like the gexter who still remains so wildly popular in Florida Because there's so many stupid people there I guess 10 40 is our QAM Josh Strabptown The best talent for the business wheel rotters for shredio 560 Station that brought you dead celebrity concerts 560 W QAM in Miami presents your chance to win an all-advanced Patriot to power your city Florida Yes another that prestigious Buffalo along the winding Glen of powerline road It's the land of pastel purple and secret greenhouses name for the congenial game show moderator Five color you'll stand the luxurious half of what remains of the days in conveniently located off the turnpike Where you can relax and sip a Mickey's dig mouth at the edge of an exit repretainer fun But wait there's more winners will receive a $100 shopping screen at the abandoned Jefferson's on Hollywood Boulevard All you have to do to enter is right up 560 hates thesis on the correlation between sports phonetics and blatant homeless at you Well, and if you can make our program director hear this sound Then you win and all extent hatred to tarid eyes another bogus offer from the misguided management of Oh That's our sighting news for my clock is back. I know how the hell I'm happened. Okay, most of automatically we adjusted or something I really decided to set it you think yeah, yeah, I had a hear you knocking my cable people their name is Rogers by the way So just be weird all right They're the best 1045 is our QAM accurate time for those who are keeping track is it you know Don't forget that those headlines at the top of the hour now Women and central's in Bobway are selling sex to truck drivers for a few will report us today how much? They say it's more than you got they say it's more profitable and being paid in cash Police enforcement cost it to do it. Hold the daily mirror, which is private mainly program and newspaper in Harari it's a long way to tip her are it's said the young women from Midlands province were soliciting truck drivers on the busy highway between Harari and bite bridge the board of posts with South Africa It's really alarming that young women are changing sex for 20 liter containers of diesel or petrol said to do what I wonder if there's any diesel bikes Fuel has been insurance appliance in Bobway. I don't offer seven years now And there's a lucrative black market. I wonder if that's a plan words are just doing You know the government has said the price of fuel it says don't we're a dollar 20 a liter? That's like about five bucks a gallon almost but it sells on the streets and probably when service stations From the eight dollars a liter year oh brother US sexually transmitted infections were increasing in the area the acting may turn a local hospital confirmed I can't imagine why Every day we treat different cases and we are seriously worried about this She said about 3,000 people life from HIV ainsons in Bobway each and every week 3000 a week But who cares about that because it's Africa right and their dark people and that's why the rest of the world don't care all those business If I'll bar for there like well nobody cares, you know, right just the way the world is a bunch of big of advanced If it was white people down like flies there, it probably still wouldn't care. No, I wouldn't care When you what I'm heard of the world who gives a crap we got our own fish to fraud I'm innocent and rain is announced I started doing this a half an hour ago and then I stopped I you interrupted me with some crap about my time being wrong Okay, no, what are we gonna do about those damn rejoins? We're gonna savor every precious second of them. No, I think I brought that I don't know if I brought it to Joe Bell's attention or certainly your his predecessor But they don't care, you know, oh now you're working like Bob Green used to say now you're getting involved in a my new show You know like anything that has to do with the length of the stewardship and what we actually the product we put on here It'll be like telling the sales department that we should like really service the accounts, you know See there and go is making trouble again along with the rejoins are the lower that your numbers will be because that you know It's Deluding the show and they don't want to hear that I don't want to hear and I like all the people on the rejoins I like them all I just want to hear half of their show all over again You know that thing yesterday at the end of the show and I'm sitting here I'm doing my best to try to figure out you know back time me so we got out of here almost almost precisely speaking of the You know getting a time right that's who a clock And then all of a sudden here comes on this rejoin and the maddo is going Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Yeah, about coaches who had you already did stuff that nobody cares about anymore And it just goes on and on it's like Clarice's way of infiltrating our show with as much sports Swill as he possibly can he needs to be taken out But you understand it'll bring more people to just like a dog that's got wild diarrhea He needs to be taken out put his ass on a leash and take him out now I leave mod God one idiot Iran is an obstacle carry out war games in the Persian Gulf just days after six other nations including the US held a series of exercises in the same area Iranians state TV said they military maneuvers named great prophet two would take place in the Gulf and see of Oman starting today they're probably doing it right now Alexis time on the war games are aimed at demonstrating the deterrent power of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards against possible threats General Yaha Rahim Safavi commander the revolutionary guards was quoted as saying Safavi stressed that the drills were not a threat to Iran's neighboring country saying our neighbors are our friends The guards just want to prove that they're ready to resist in any threatening situation the announcement came today Is after I wonder if there are any red necks in the Middle Eastern country's living of sure they had their equivalences the announce their why he equivalences The announcement came two days after US leadership finished two days of exercise in the Gulf which were described by Iran as adventurist Australia Bahrain Britain France in the end of the US were not a persecuted in the waters of the Gulf through which about 20% of the world's oil passes It also called on Gulf nations to set up their own regional security arrangements US latmanuvers focused on surveillance with worships taking tracking your ship suspected carrying components of illegal weapons Safavi also told state TV that you may have an exercise see this is the thing that is so amusing although You know when you're American you just not supposed to view things that way since we're all you know epicentric and whatever But if we haven't then there's no such thing as illegal weapons But if other countries designated by us have certain kind of weapons Depending on what country it is like Israel and it's okay, but if it's like a raghead country And of course that being the case I can't even imagine one of the many reasons why they hate us like poison well cuz we're good our friends That's right, everybody I've never harmed many innocent people. This is it. Right Iraq sure we would never Optimus military adventurism in attack countries that have no represent no threat to right without provocation We would never do that so nine hundred anyone votes on the pool Love being how all of feather in your camp if you got to a thousand by a top of the hour what time did he change the pool by the way? Thank you very much Five oh 30 it's not bad If it changes around five we'd have over a thousand vote. Oh, that's all right I was struggling struggling struggling struggling all afternoon all evening My money back and I then there did twice twice was losing my ass and left They're not losing too much and I felt like I want a million dollars. That's part of the psychology of gambling You know when you're losing your ass and you get a good chunk of it back and you then they're breaking even or if you actually do break even You're welcome. Oh, I just won ten million dollars and speaking of that the a lot of here on Saturday There was no winter last night. I only got twenty five bucks The lot was twenty four million on Saturday now if you were me wouldn't you play that heavy duty if you were a big shot like me Yeah, absolutely. I would spend on the money Now there's only fourteen million combinations so we wanted to be really clever You could go into the store and say give me just wheel it You know give me every combination for a dollar so that's fourteen million dollars in the jackpot's twenty four million and you think Well, I'm gonna make ten million but then come to fight out there like four winners So you get six million back and you just spent fourteen million See what I'm saying not a good idea fearful of damaging his own party in next week's elections John Kerry a apologize yesterday Do any service member family member American offended by remarks deemed by Republicans and Democrats to be insulting US forces and Iraq This is what the Republicans have got to run with now a John carries a buffoons if we didn't already know that and they took his words and they twisted them around and You know Six days before the election they democrat 2004 presidential nominee said he wanted to avoid becoming a distraction in the final days of the battle for control of Congress He ended these sincerely regretted his words were submitted to apply anything negative about those uniform It's kind of like the war in Iraq remember he was against it before he was for it It was for it before it was against it Right in a brief statement Kerry attack president Bush for a failed security policy and his apology issued after prominent Democrats emerged into cancel public appearances Is Just a hell away Kerry okay Resider public controversy that party leaders feared would stall their drive for big gains on Tuesday But pull a show in the public opposed to the war in Iraq Democrats have expressed increasing optimism in recent days That they'll gain those 15 cc to win control of the house and pick up the six seats to win the Senate a bigger challenge But they got a shot for the Democratic Senator of committee that meant pumping about a million dollars into an Arizona race long thought A race but now they got a shot for the counterpart Republican committee It meant a forehand of Maryland also viewed as an unlikely state where they'll pick up a seat kind of interesting Know in Maryland there are Senate candidates black Republican steel and they got those bumper stickers out steel Democrat not that There are assuming that the black voters in Maryland are stupid and gonna really believe that just because he was a black man He automatically is a Democrat. They're gonna vote for him as a result. You see what they're trying to do they lie a lot You know Kerry beat a grudging retreat in his return to the National campaign spot light earlier on the radio program I'mus in the morning. You're so boring the Massachusetts Senator said he was sorry about his box joke about Bush But it would put them across cringe though At the prospect of the Massachusetts Senator becoming the face of the party for the second consecutive National campaign no one wants to have the 2004 election replayed Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton like Kerry a potential contender for the 2008 nomination and she also must be dancing on his grave She must be saying boy if you think I'm likely wait to just see it for reset again Hopping around like she's on Whatever doggy uppers. I mean anybody who didn't notice that she was like constantly Medicaid to do that 2004 campaign Theresa Heinz Kerry. Oh Here's Kerry. Yeah the money I got I can eat whatever else. He was just Crazy person. I wonder he acts like that Herman Munster in fact one of the web stories refers to him as Herman Munster But nevertheless I got some great news in my next piece here. I got a piece about Katie Couric Okay, she is really Doing it not Big big great. No, that's stupid bit stupid CBS. How stupid is she she's making how much $80 trillion a year for that crap For going on there coming in a distant third God almighty that would be like signing the dolphins for a trillion dollars Now they want to losing almost every game and you lose your ass on it every year It's a good thing for those shrugs across the street that were losing their ass on the Marlins over you to kind of like balance it out Although not nearly as much I'm sure as it was on the fish on the rotten ugly stink and fish I'd have played that buffalo Bill song, you know I'm played in a long time are you sure because they're really pretty weak to say the best nine hundred ninety five votes We're gonna have our thousand votes by 11 o'clock no matter which clock you're looking at Mr. and thank God My close personal friends at Roger is a cable for getting this conference. I would be surprised if I had some of the new with it when you think that's been listening Yeah, right everybody's listening the whole world the whole universe is listening even on your rainers This is the new Roger show No No Gel can And even rings for your daughter don't have that to be repaid for champagne Me neither think you can't take on a plane She's with a kettle and my phone and two days of clearance You're all a booze it's on your face you have that's not burn but no solar Me that's one more thing you can't say gonna play I feel you'll be waiting in this day While they make you throw out all those things you cannot take For a play Like body walks out back to that's a liquid Can't be taken a body wash on there. How about we are so probably afraid you're gonna drop it right there in the middle of the aisle And you know this flight attendants especially the male flight attendants on planes Yay anyway, we got a thousand seven votes on the pool and I still say most of your liars now. Maybe these people are thinking well This is like relative to the majority of people out there. You know what I'm saying To follow that follow I'm trying to rationalize why they're voting like this other than the only possibility being the daylight like crazy They're in denial that both of those because I have discovered over the years that most people are in denial of being in any way Bigoted because it's just it's got a nasty ugly connotation in some nasty and ugly doesn't bother me in the least But do you consider yourself Completely open minded 575 point three percent is anybody by an ad huh? No, there's about as much chance of anybody by net as there is a rumor buying you the next 10 years dinners Pregnettist 339 33.6 percent a third of the audience consider themselves pedigyost. I hate this pool 83 8.2 percent well too bad Racist 48 and a total bigot look at how many on that But turn man which I think we all aren't too many total archie bunkers out there, but I think that the average person is closer to being Pregnettist or a total bigot than they are to have it like being completely open minded who the house or Cleanly open minded people who are raised in a bubble and people raised in a in a cocoon somewhere People who don't get out of the house much because all you have to do is start meeting a whole bunch of people And so oh wait a minute. I'm not quite as open minded as I thought I was what's that smell? Seriously the body wash thing. I just you know what I'm going to do while they won't let me take it in though I got to bring a case of body wash to wood by it Just have it sitting there my feet and just you know what I'm going to do while they won't let me take it No, I got to bring a case of body wash to wood by just have it sitting there my feet and if any smelly old Europeans come on Just hand him a bottle, okay. They'll take it if it's for free. They'll take anything. Probably try to sell it out in the lobby Here's some great news, okay What else is bringing the bad news that he pressing the morbid news we bring in a good news? Despite her news making interview with Michael Z. Fox last week Kidney Courage School of taking the CBS TV news to the top is getting further out of reach They thought she'd take it at the top and said it's a flop Her average audience is 7.3 million viewers of the CBS evening news 1.1 million behind ABC second place world news It was the biggest gap between the two broadcasts in the week of February 6th According to Nielsen and BC's nightly news led the way with 8.9 million viewers last week And of course always been there in the cutting edge I watched nightly news every night with Brian Williams. I can't stand it Both announced that they got who obviously is union who does the open to it That guy who sounds like he's 100 years old with a kind of scooly voice He sounds like Ben Grower on acid. That's for chicken at Kaba team members Ben Grower Oh, correct score the attention getting interviewed with Fox on Thursday after was criticized by Rush Limbaugh For supposedly playing up symptoms of Parkinson's disease in the campaign that but it caused no appreciable jump Thursdays broadcast at 7.4 million viewers Usually 7.3 so what's the point? CBS and Kirk have tried some new things with the news cast including longer interviews and a free speech segment where guest opera opinions And led to the crappy ratings that likely faced pressure to head to a more traditional format Of course average of 7.3 million was identical to Bob Shefer anchor news castering the same week ago Nielsen said the same week a year ago Funny dirty and really cruddy However, ABC and NBC were down from a year ago CBS has pointed at that movement and its own broadcast improvement among young and demographics The proof that progress is being made role wasn't built in the day and it will CBS even news for a totally rest day to day this week It's a process and being in the middle of a process while sometimes challenging can be frustrating That's really in many ways the fun part the fact that she sucks and no belong on there Nobody wants to really say that because that would be bad that would be an insult Yeah, who would say such thing Uh, back to the podcast who wanted to tell the truth With bug codger the news is better for CBS in prime time or at one again All three versions of the CSI frame tries finished among me on top ten shows as did the strong sophomore series criminal minds Well, I must be about ourselves department none of the world series games on fox between St. Louis and Detroit the lowest series ever rated managed to crack the top ten last week Is that embarrassing? Wow The world series once upon a time in America everything stood still when a world series was on Really I remember running out of school there at two or two o'clock being home by 205. I lived right on the sub the block And rushing in there turn on the TV make sure the Yankees won the series again First to show you how dummy were when you were kid. I wanted to be an cues to win. First to show how things change Skandles alone who cross Republicans their house majority rights to Washington post In tightments investigations and allegations of wrongdoing evil doing have helped put at least 15 Republican house seats in jeopardy enough to swing control to the Democrats to day Even before the larger issues of war economic unease and president Bush are invoked Too much hacky spanky would just five days left before election the allegations are springing up like brush fires It says four GOP house seats have been tired by lobbyist Jack Aberos influence peddling scandal five have been Reversely affected by then representative Mark Foley's on seemingly contacts with teenage male house pages Uncealy my ass Sort of her many have it doesn't so could turn on controversies including offshore tax dodging sexual misconduct And shady land deals Not since the house bank check-tiding scandal of early 90s as so many seats been affected by scandals and not since the angst<|id|> bribery cases of the 70s have the charges been so serious But this year's combination of breadth and severity may be unprecedented suggested due to an e-cellizer a congressional historian at Boston University now there's a city There's a city both you wouldn't enjoy living in I would mind going back to the river myself Boston only problem is that way 600 pounds I'd be dead in six months from overreeding so much good food and so little time never been Boston No really how about you Josh now? Oh my god. No one of you both sounds so sour today Maybe we should go now the big problem with Boston though is for a South Florida's considered too many young people So many living and breeding people and all those universities and college. Oh, yeah, that's a horrible. I could see how that would be a problem All those living and breeding people under the age of a hundred all that great food all at uh, I don't know Republican controlled wash all what am I reading here in the middle of a sentence Republican campaign officials insist the theme is not coming out with the public but even they can see that many individual races have been hit hard They've been hit hard so many different kinds of scandals going on for the same time that's pretty unique Zalize has said it there were scandals throughout the 70s multiple scandals, but the number of stories now are almost overwhelming so many crooks in so little time At least nine Republicans seats have been affected by the scandals and are highly vulnerable to democratic take over next Tuesday Folies of representation is jeopardized to Florida hostage who've been on no one's radar screen under a Dement and a minis swirl of ethics investigations former House Majority leader Tom Delay a Texas resigned from Congress earlier this year forcing Republicans to mount a long-sharp writing campaign for the chosen candidate Representative Robert Nays guilty to the last month on corruption charges still hangs over the Ohio campaign of his would be Republican successor Jay Pagod Who's got a few that no chance especially because nay has still not resigned from Congress The GOP has all been abandoned long time representative Kurt Walton of Pennsylvania is federal investigators examined charges That he's dear lobbying contrast to his daughter. He went on television yesterday with an ad featuring actress pleading Would you give the friend the benefit of the dog today Kurt Walton needs our support? Would you give a friend the benefit of a not if he was on a major crook now a Republicans campaigns read it just also fear they've lost the seat of representative down sure with a Pennsylvania Who's been dug by the settlement of a lawsuit filed by a mistress who charged the true and had throttled her He throttled his mistress and that's why your president would to campaign with him That's probably the main reason they were covering up the Foley scandal They wanted to keep that Republican seat nice and secure and Florida that's where it was all about the big cover-up Yeah, they put a blanket over it under the blanket was fully with a bunch of 16 year old boys naked Congress Watchers once saw this swing seat a representative Rick Ransy Republican a version as a missed opportunity for Democrats But now as the US attorney's office in Phoenix, his amends his role in a land deal for business partner and a political benefactor When these race with political leafy Ellen Simon has tightened its tight. She's not what it is far the West representative John Porter Republican Nevada has had to contend with chargers lives last month by a long time former James Shepherd that the Lamek who made dozens of illegal fundraising cross-remis congressional offices and two reliably Republican districts in California under asphalt by Democrats represented virtue of W. Pumble and John T. Doodle little What a great name for politician and the late labor boss the lobby is completely ingenuity to fraud Pennsylvania conspiracy to drive public officials beyond those nine jeopardized GO PCs for the Republicans have been tainted by the fully paid scandal and it goes on and on and on all the Crofts Money can buy and they do and they they're in 133 votes and at pool and a full 50.4% is going up can save themselves completely open minded Thank God for our progressive free thinking liberal Open-minded audience they love everybody right? That's right. That's why there's never any heat in these poor results We don't get any of that that's the story crowd. That's the sunrise-laced Video five and made a climbing who could recover the taller stronger more athletic to me alone nobody could cover me who's not even jet Bailey who can't barely damn right what he think he is who can't barely boys he is now he's getting me take a look for now let him listen to my tip sat on the carpet board of her ass because Bill Possils wants to run the ball all game folks don't come to the stadium to see that they want to see TO run the post plan under the end zone show up this is your one ball ball black sheep i want to be traded nobody wanted out of here on a medium on a watchout okay thank you no you don't have a 16 at five sixty w qm arvin pure and then you know who he is no he's a tennis player for Virginia tech oh him you haven't got any idea well i'm rooting for Virginia second to hurt him this weekend i was kind of hoping to worry to get fired i mean wouldn't get fired i really don't care as long as they lose every game but now that i see that picture of arvin pure and you know me i'm a sucker for a pretty face and as a result he could play on my team all the reason i'm a football team uh... tennis players don't play football huh tennis players are doing a little more was to find you know what i'm saying did i like to real stocks they're not like in a context sports unless maybe with each other arvin pure and what kind of a name is that huh anyway he looks good some per Virginia tech as if i need an excuse to think i need an excuse to read against the hurricane no well where did that come from who is that guy why you want to see his picture i'm just saying like how do you want to take a look at you want to take a look at the i think you can be able to take a look at the i think you like to move it with your own made arvin has to do with this story he's about to read i would know what does not have anything to do with any story i just i go i didn't know when the game was okay that saturday i would assume saturday and fact that i look at his schedule i'm so stupid man don't you have to agree with i would be that i saturday schedule which has to turn the page all hurricane's game days if five in the game is at eight o'clock you haven't been virgin in tech virgin in tech's gonna kick their ass right i google virginia tech you can go ahead and do it right now i'm all set what you got it i know when the game is no i'm not talking about that google virginia tech good with army tennis player arvin pure and in right i'm a rv id google it see there's not the ball's to google it now why you don't ask me ask him i don't know he's afraid that he might be a smitten or with the the arvin pure and something you put on your feet i'm gonna have a problem yeah something you put on your feet i used to have that place foot but ever since i found out army id will you just google it okay arv id p u r a n n piranan you got it we're doing it and it says hokey sports men's tennis and there's this picture right to i mean he ain't me ono tom Brady ain't no Brady Quinn he's just a kind of a good looking young man and if uh they got a good looking young man go in the school there just want them that's all it takes to turn me against the hurricanes it's just i don't know it's just a silly thing okay you can make a big issue out of it who is he and i worth did you look at it guys you see it i don't even know i can't find it yeah tell it again i guess a rv id see every fact in the audience now is googling this okay well another guy got his clothes on p u r a n n arvid pure and in i don't know how you say his name piranan piranus i wonder if he uses body wash now that whole thing was soap man every time i shower now i keep i can't stop thinking about that what kind of a person would continue using soap it would be it would be like people that use what have wondered they used to use before they had like uh tied and sheer what what kind of the turds and i'm asking you guys now the older than uh my thusla they used the old rock by the side of the river i guess it would be like using that instead of uh regular detergent what what what what you mean you check that arvid yet is he a can you play an arti google date i'm trying to go to a website and yeah i'm not getting anything such tennis results yeah good lost and Ethiopian immigrant was convicty yesterday of the general me i remember i had the story general middleation of his two-year-old daughter right Khalid Adam he's weeping on the winner stand he's weeping he's gonna hanky to his eye maybe he's got a stye ten-year-old middleation of the two-year-old daughter was sent to ten years in prison what was believed to be the first such criminal case in the USA Khalid Adam 30 but third man was found guilty of aggravated battery and cruelty to children what if he stole Sally Fitzis battery prosecuted a city of scissors to rob his daughters clitoris in his family's Atlanta area apartment in 2001 the child's mother fortunate Adam said she did not discover to load any year later i guess it's a good thing the daughter's name isn't fortunate it's unfortunately uh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha fortunate yeah i've been away no criminal record could have been sent stuck to 40 years in prison he held his face in his hands and wept loudly after the jury's verdict was read why did he we during her five is trial the girl now seven clutch to teny bear she testified on videotape that her father cut me on my private part said it was specifically banned the practice of genital mutilation but many states don't have a law addressing it well look when i also include like male circumcision would not be the same genital mutilation maybe that's what they don't have any laws addressing it George alarm makers with a support of the girl's mother passed an anti-mutilation law last year what about our veterinarian you think he's circumspect who but Adam was not tried under that law since it didn't exist when his daughter was cut during the trial Adam testified he never circumsides his daughter rescue anyone else to do so maybe he was just like spontaneous mutilation he said he grew up in aides obbaba the capital of Ethiopia and considers the practice more prevalent in rural areas. Adam's attorney acknowledged the girl's been cut but implied that the family of the girl's mother who my immigrated from South Africa may have been responsible the items divorced three years ago and attorney Mark Hill suggested that the couple's daughter was coached the testify against her father by her mother was full custody of the suspect you just sent me here just crap it says giant carry is paid off by the republicans always has been made to want to bar go away far john and retire what it says sorry this only for few days till the till the dust settles the cloud clears on Wednesday or Thursday or seven weeks from next circus just go away carry. The add-ended let's see Adam who cried throughout the trial and during the system when it was asked what he thought of someone who believes in the practice he replied the word i can say is mind in the gutter he is a moron he said mind in the gutter is what he ordered the practice crosses ethnic and cultural lines and is not tied away particular religion active a state's intended to deny women sexual pleasure in the most extreme form the clitorious imparts of the labia are removed and the labia that remain our sticks together since 2001 the state to form an estimate set up to 130 million women worldwide have undergone circumcision knives razors even sharp stones are usually used the tool frequently are not sterilized which frequently leads to infection it's unknown how many girls have died from they proceed you're either during the cutting or from infections or years later in childbirth and there you go as you're a civilized world for you but you're barbarians running around much aluminum ticks jelly bellies memo cost police chief is job oh don't tell me we're going to have another one of those now sounds like it this is not a practice one either uh oh you think this one is for real so let me put it back in the building in the middle of the show then you'll be flaming but is also what is this all about on nowhere maybe they heard about the female mediation when we talked about candy that it great length which is your fault and you shouldn't have done or did we mention jelly bellies no i don't even know what hell that is what is that oh that's you be the jerk yeah i'm for men's there you have the batting idiot what an idiot my life could be a stake here okay the building may be uh but i started spending that money fast i'm shutting the door i can't take them more that one moment please so bored out of these stupid firearms hello maybe that guy's downstairs again what guy the one i was down there with the firearm a couple of lines ago oh that guy i didn't forget and see you did i didn't maybe he knows uh and um uh uh puren and or you can go to the right and he won't police thief Paul gaward was trying to look at him out his apartment seeing the around his department and seeing blubber hanging over the belt some of his officers so we set out a member resort in the jelly bellies to shape up in the end of the department lost 190 pounds all of them belonging to gaward it was forced out of chief because some of his officers took a fence at the memo you know total of them up bruised feelings on the 80 member forces and winter haven't floored by the way winter haven't do at least one anonymous letter complaint from officers about the chief management style and maybe department the butt of jokes about fat cops and donuts if they got their feelings hurt to the extent of do something about it then i do have a sentending to send unpolished at a gaward eight trim six footer who was forced to resign his 92 thousand dollar your post last week some of the chief defender says officer was a big overreaction he offered tremendously good advice yet he was sacked wrote Thomas wrote old a communist for the ledger of lakeland i bet you that was the bird's favor paper in his memo oedema they're going to make an announcement now one moment please you're about to die yeah yeah i think that might be some of what's the story see your plan that's if i can't hear it that's right you're all done i die whoo shut up was accident will please you know what you're doing go back to your show and cut it up i don't want to hear that stupid as a music if you don't go in here in the fawn cimet of out gosh i'm gonna be really disappointed in your manliness in a year return to what you were doing he said what what doesn't what about the four bashes and the eighty-five four for final of her like halfway down the stairs now and there and it's still beef in the beef out there that's the thing that gets me okay it was accidental so shut that baby off you moron you idiot maybe this is accidental too yeah in his memo time are you a jellybelly the chief never single anyone out in the part of the title didn't call anyone any names just a bunch of fat slabs instead he provided list of ten reasons please obviously should be in shape he said override police poorly representative of a fashion poop out when chasing suspects and might have to resort to a high level of force that criminals got the upper hand in a fight he said out of shape com sir alive voted the senior families and he happened to be and so i mean you know can't was a fun team he's your like that kind of still a life that over in combat but you know this idea fat cops running around puffing and puffing that don't get the job done you know if they put the crap on it or not finally i just have a feeling it's one of those days now have a feeling we're gonna win that twenty four million a lot of one set or denied now so when you come in Monday morning any here the sounds of silence yeah i just i would just keep checking your mail every day certain times today i'm not talking about your email i mean like your snail mail okay remember maybe wait for a big fedex you know all right with a big big fat one for you and around and check now you left and pockets I took 77 hours while folk unable to hear us One  gave him God's now hisary the Oh, and to be the best of these people. So, that's why we have featured Oliver and a man in the letter L of the name. He's Swedish, the 10th player. He's Swedish. Okay. Now, to show you how much attention George pays to what I mean, all these stories that he's came to be the one that wants to hear him. He just passed me a story that I read yesterday. It's about to kidnall a vaman that raped his mother. Trigger trash? I thought this was a different one. No. Okay. I thought it was a different. Gary Helms Jr. raped his 45-year-old mother this past weekend, and Willow Terris Traimer Park on Doerldraven Alberdville. That's exactly the story we had yesterday. Even Josh remembers that one, right? All I remember it. I thought this was a story. I do. George remembers it. Whatever. George Josh. So, what about that stupid arvin? Who? I don't know what his name is. Noodle, I'll hear his anyway. He's just a guy. Okay. He's just a guy from the Sweden. Okay. He takes his clothes off. He puts his pants on. I'm one of the good of time. Whatever that may be. Yeah. I'll find out for it. Graeds, public air released for George W. Bush and Yale in 1968 are apparently different from grade records from Bush Jordan as residential hall on campus. The public grades are better than the grades in the stored records. What a surprise that is. Not that he would lie about stuff like that. Or about that abortion that he paid for in the Grove of the Bitch to the abortion clinic. Or about his DUI. Yale has an obvious tradition of housing students in separate residential colleges, not dorms. But smaller and more cohesive versions of the college experience. Bush's residential hall was Davenport where his daughter Barbara also lived as a Yale student graduating in 2004. So integral of the institution, where and are those residential halls that for many years. Important records including student grade and discipline records were stored at the individual colleges. This practice continued well up to the 20th century past the 60s. Then it was decided that it would be good to have them in a more official place. So academic records came to me stored in the registrar's orifice. However, the old records continued to be stored in the basement of the 12 residential colleges. Are you following this? I'm sure it's not. Nevertheless, also the records stored in the residential halls were not just grades. Vorsches records for example contained reports as undergraduate synonygans, including his police records. According to Wayne and former source, the official school records that the registrar's office were much kinder than these other records. The key observation come from recent Yale alumni, one Yale student offspring of an award-winning educator graduated in 2002 with a strong undergraduate record, found out while at Yale that Bush had lived in the same residence and was not charmed by the discovery. A number of students were aware that the residents traditionally kept old grade records. The student was among those who went down to the basement, checked the older records physically and looked at them. Students discussed among themselves the disparity between some grades published for Bush and those who were in the residence hall basement. According to the anecdotes, some of the house grade records had also been physically altered with grades whited out or obscure another grade substitute. Well, I must have been really good then, huh? One key question among others would be when the records were altered. Student hearsay has it that the authoring took place during the presidential term of the senior Bush, but that may be conjuncted generated by stories still floating around from the institution of 98 and beyond about visits from former First Lady Barbados to campus. As the mother of a recent Yale alumni puts it, there was a sense of control about the visits. The university was very uncomfortable, evidently from a sense of influence, if not pressure, for reasons not publicly terrified. Ties between the First Family and the University donor base are deep and long-standing. The White House has not answered questions telephone and email in September 2006 and early around this topic. Their mum. As most parents know discipline issues and are entirely separate from grade issues, one of the services we just don't honestly think that Bush went to history class. A clash. Bush said he did attend, but the grade records indicate otherwise, we don't think he was there. The version of the official presidential biography from the White House website says that Bush graduated from Yale with a VA in history. Yale students, proximity to records out of the same roof was what gave them the information according to the current Webmaster for Davenport Hall. Davenport was renovated two years ago, so that any files that were stored in the basement surely were moved, I'm not sure if anyone would know if they still exist, but the people to ask would be the master and the dean. Questions emailed to the pertinent officials have not been answered. Davenport Hall is now an extensively renovated including its basement. Questions to the architecture from of our calves in the basement have been addressed. Issues here include the comparative lack of vetting Bush received as a candidate for the White House, while other contenders were being put through the meat grinder. The Bush campaign in Texas and DC had definitely presented as candidate as a homey, Jimmy Stewart type, modest in his demeanor so that his modest accomplishments were a given to be taken for granted. The last secrecy drift and dishonesty in Bush's background board largely given a pass. The big question is why Bush went and went connect to two of them which are altering grades and the answer is Vietnam. I'm curious, comes to what this is about being stuck in a rack as a flashback to Vietnam. When any student who thought that was any really liable to be shipped out of his name was not George W. Bush. Interestingly, the Ivy League difficulty was supposed to get into was notoriously gentle about flanking out of student once admitted, including legacies, students like George Walker, Bush, who would be expected to get to gentlemen see in any case. Gentlemen see. At this stage, some question remains to whether he or Eva entertain even that. For a family member to go so far as to pressure the institution to keep Bush inside the hedges to keep him state-side if they did so he must have been failing. Unfortunately, there is no inherent unlikely of this nearer nearer to give the way Bush was leapfrog over more than 100 other applicants for the Texas International Guard. Not that anybody pulled any strings you understand to get him in there. The V-Pheritualist character rather than grades is assuming that these anecdotes are a correct and there's no reason to assume otherwise they are a fraditude written all over them. As any teacher knows it's something to help your fellow students by filing professors old test and passing around copies from previous years, it's quite another to help by passing answers to a test or copies of a test as students are in supposed to have seen. Studying from old test rather than going to class may not be the ideal way to learn, but it minimally is legitimate, cramming rather than reading, something most of us have done at some point. The other is cheating. By the same token it's one thing to oppose all grades of grading system on the basis of reason argument that grades don't well reinforce learning. It's quite another to gain the existing grading system by the dishonesty. Whatever one thing is a grade point ever, just class standing with a grading system in general, there can be no argument in favor of altering selected grades exposed to facto. By the way, in the years the George Walker Bush and Joe Lieberman attended the year. We're also years that year on the other IVs didn't admit women. At the elite institutions had more than doubled their talent pool by many women, and historically excluded groups for similarly some of these bumps never would have gotten in the first place. We're not even ashamed. Yeah. In 1991, Hotsound of Polls were down little bit because George's is very less than man-conna. Right. That one Miguel said. Well, whatever, you know, these people deserve whatever they get, especially with the tremendous, the tremendous support that we got on this station man and so it's almost indescribable. You know it from our upper level management, from our middle level management, which forget about him and of course from that sales department. That's your buddy, by the way. That's your bunk buddy from the Carolinas. Yeah. Chris Jones. You're the one who always runs in these people in a hallway, have all these, all these kind of distant get together, find Dustin's. He was in the elevator. He was coming out and I was on the way to the right amount. Yeah. You should just shut that sign that door and shut the bun where it says slow cook, slow cook, the snook. How's that schedule for today? It's a Thursday. Well, I'm telling you, this week is climbed by, so remember, two-thaw already. We got the breeder's come up on Saturday. We got my birthday on Sunday. We got election day on Tuesday. Good. God pressure. Can you feel the pressure? Can you smell it? Wow. We got the man dog at two and we will get on here at two of the in spite of how long the rejoin is. I'll just say goodbye. That's all. You should have seen me yesterday, flatbed around here trying to find a bit. And of course, I got my coat on and my clothes and we're ready for my woodbind. Wednesday and we get off the door. Oh, here all of a sudden comes this long, pondress, unacceptable rejoin. It's going on and on and like I said, it's like an endurance contest. And trying to talk about your buddy clearance about such things is like trying to talk about nuclear fishing to my dog to tiny, ever try nuclear fishing? Yeah. Nuclear. Thanks a long pull. Mad dog at two, the power hour with Mad dog solo four to five. Don't hang today. The humpers of the debris is cut. We got bigger fish to fry. I've been in that. And so we got guilty at the end of center. On five and seven. That should be a big tune in audience in preparation for the Panthers. Maple Leafs game leaves will be who they be last night. Our Tampa, four to two. Panthers people with seven, the Leafs and the Panthers 730. Any K at 11 o'clock tonight. And Ed Bell for us going to start and go for the Panthers. And Ed to same any to be go. We got in the run of his bar room deals up there in Jersey. It was just a little bit of water on the floor. That was a game. So Panthers. Panthers on three are. And the worst video 560. You. A.M. God. Neil. Would you like to become a sports cover commentator on Pline's time television? Then why not enroll in the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting? OK, play is let's start at square one. It's not a ball. It's a pig skin. OK. It's not a play. It's a grid iron. It never ever calls in the crowd when you can refer to the Missed teaming multitude of kinetic enthusiasts. OK. At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to Filty between plays with spontaneous down to work better to Which the working neck and easily relate. OK. Class. Repeat after me. Here we come. I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry sequence in front of a nation. I haven't seen blocking like that. At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire sentences using nothing but made up words. Man, I'll let an ostentatious smell of Frism of unfululated nine and six. So if you're a fan of such legendary sportscasters John Madden, Terry Bradshaw and John Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting and become nothing like that. I've folks have been a sniller of mine in you that classes that start this week. Well, have you on the airmaking references to the house of plant, catch it in just six, six, six. But Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting in World Today, before Dennis is on ceremony, it's the end of the season. It's 11 to 48, 12 before 12. We had a natural air. Aren't you excited about that? Thrill. Are you excited about that? Is the fact that Dennis Miller's not on those broadcast anymore? Who see that? That's the main thing. Let's get somebody really clever and witty in the booth. You know, let's have 15 take a broadcasting meeting. Then we can take the most boring ponderous game. Whatever it might be. And turn into a really exciting entertaining event. I can't take it up. Like that Tony Cornhole, there was on the Patriots of I can do it. What is he bring Josh? Maybe you've been explained to me. What is he bring to the table? Josh is not back from. Oh, no. What do you guys eat already? We had our how is this morning, which I just had bacon and Josh orders like three different things. Yeah. I got to two of them already on the way out. Probably. Two. President Bush said yesterday he wants to fence secretary Donald Rumsfeld and vice president and change the remaining to the end of his presidency. Extending a job law to to the most vilified members of his administration. Birds of a feather suck together. Both those men are doing fantastic jobs and as strong as a fourth then Bush said. And if he were the AP and others. On the war in Iraq, Bush said the military has an aspirin increase in US forces beyond the 144,000 force holes already there. He said US generals have told him that the true level they got right now is what they can live with. On another international issue, Bush said he was determined that sanctions imposed against North Korea must be applied. Even though Pyongyang has agreed to return to sixth nation nuclear disarmament talks. The president spoke in the oral office, seated in the wings here in front of a table with a bullet roses. Six days before the midterm elections he steered away from a political question to be on saying he was confident that Republicans would defy the polls and hold control of the House and Senate. I understand the punitive got the race over, but I don't believe it till everybody votes he said. That is everybody that's out of both. Means no dark he's no Democrats, no liberals, no county, pinkle, fags, none of these people. Except of course the fags would then their own gay cabal. He would he velvet underground. Oh, there's a lot of them. The name for it is there. I don't know. Whatever it is. Sick. A lot of number 13 votes to judge get backers. He's still in our manager's uh, wow. How holy. Holy. Maybe he's not coming back. That's possible. Maybe he's looking for a putrid arbonin. You can city yourself completely open minded. 564. 50.6%. You know, there's something I like to say to all of those people. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Pregnancy to the standard in 76. I hate this full 88 7.9% that's way too high. They don't like the full of it. Well, you know what to bad. You come up with the idea. Oh, racist 51 and a total big of 34. Completely open minded. I can't wait. I hope I live long enough to meet that person. I have a lot of people probably be very boring anyway. I imagine. Goody two shoes. Oh, I love everybody when you're in any of you. Oh, oh. Somebody with very, very limited social contacts who loves everybody. Everybody just like race. Even said everything is beautiful. Nobody said, well, he's married. He was pretty funny for about five minutes for his Stevens. And I got really, really tired of him real fast. That'd be a good pull someday. Maybe for tomorrow. Somebody who got tired of tired of really, really fast. Oh, gosh. How about time? Sure. See the USA George was playing them. Two-fly pine, and Apple-panned out of this morning. I don't want to hear it now. And also 16 times by Tennessee when you're in New Ford. I'm capital records. Would you kill that piece of crap? I thought you were at least playing like your cars and everything. You're in a team like them. Oh, this isn't going to be done. Sure, could it? I sure hope not. Sure it is. Oh, two-fly pine. I got a better one than this though. And Apple-panned outing. What a punk of the team. What's that? Downey Shore again? Right. Here you go. What is that? Buttons and Bowers? What do I do? I'm taking a ball of liberty. Liberty, Bob and I boo. Okay, that's enough for her. That was a very popular back in the 50s. A lot of that kind of... Oh, geez. I'm glad I missed that. Oh, yeah, what a shame. Let's turn a clock back again. That's just an hour. Let's turn a back like 50 years. At least you haven't had W back then. We had Ike, who warned us. Why we fight? You should be watching that video. But of course you people won't. Jonathan and Freela are all out of time to read this. It's too long. I don't want to like chop some story off in the middle. That would be really bad. Double twat. No, I don't want to do that. A US Army soldier who fled to Canada rather than return to Iraq is disappeared again this time just today after shredding to the military. Private Kyle Snyder, 23 of Colorado Springs, Colorado, told the AP was supposed to be turned by bus to Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, Louisville, and on. Wait a minute. Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, Louisville, and Tuesday but it didn't go to Zemik and he sensed to you. What is Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, Louisville, Louisville's Kentucky? I don't know. He said he went AWOL after Fort Knox officials told him he'd be sent back to his unit the 94th engineer Battalion. This is from the AP, so what do they know? It's a day line Louisville can talk to him, but it's a, I don't know. Snyder returned to the US Saturday after his lawyer said he reached the other receiver, and other than honorable discharge. I came back in good faith Snyder said yesterday by a phone. I put my trust in them one more time. Why should I put them in my trust in them again when I can just go back to Canada day? He didn't disclose his location. Oh, there he is. How are you doing Kyle? He's got a cross-to-street. We have a big way. That's probably what that alarm was before. He did not disclose his location. I can't imagine why. I'm just thinking we're left with Genie Sinclair for an Osmosomen, but we're not immediately returned last night. The Josh Everett back was he still in their squeeze in. Oh, well, I'm hearing. Snyder, a former colleague, and I was asking about Tony Cornhole and of course, yours didn't have any idea what I'm talking about. What does he bring to the table and those telecasts and the answer is absolutely nothing? I like him normally, but I agree with you on Monday night football. He's a, a done. It doesn't take 15 people to broadcast his sporting event. That's what these idiots don't understand. How many people can we squeeze into the freaking booth, you know? Get a shoehorn, see how many more idiots we can squeak in there to talk a lot of trash. Snyder, former comrades in here left the US and April 2005 on leave to avoid a second to an Iraq. And I don't blame him. He said he worked as a well-being of the children's health and we can candidate. Snyder, I said he was put on patrol when sent to Iraq in 2004, which he said it was not trained to do. And that he began to turn against the war when he saw an innocent Iraqi man killed by American gunfire. As a matter of fact, the very next story, which I don't have time for this moment, but will get to. Pulitzer winning investigated journalist Seymour Hirsch slans Bush at McGill Address and says there has never been an American army as violent and murderous as the one in Iraq. How do you like that? Wow, he must be a carney. Yeah, well he's Jewish, you know, Seymour Hirsch. Let's make them the skick-coast again. They're used to it. Let's get off the facts. How about the Jew facts, you know, like, oh, god. 1124 votes on the pool. We're just asking your level of credit you sell out there. And of course, you know, everybody's open minded. Everybody loves everybody. Especially in South Florida. There's no hate. There's only love and kindness. 1128 and 50.4% say they're completely open minded. Just like yesterday, you know, I must be lying weak in South Florida. The 50's lie is so best. Tell us to be a South Florida. I'll show you the truth. I'll show you the truth. I'll show you the truth. I'll show you the truth. I'll show you the truth. This is Goge Darns. You are. And I say like, Bob, hope on acid. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th one hour whatever it is. And now, a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills. Hello, this is Andrew McCartney resident. We're in him on the phone. It's a, uh, tonight at once, told to a 10 o'clock in the evening. He's in the better bath. I just heard him put the shmuck on the phone. She knows you're not in the barber bath. He's got a shop calling me. Hello, Paul. It's Heather Mills McCartney. For the love of all that's got in green. Stop using Heather Mills McCartney. We'll get the divorce. I'm still your wife. You're not the right linders. Why? You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed. You're going to regret saying that I am going to drag you through that mad. My friends told me you were lying, scheme and black man a little bitch. There's nothing but love and about you. Way to everyone find out who the real Paul McCartney is. You're all father said you were going to go. My father is a shmuck. Just like you except you're the one who'll be writing a check for $600 million to Heather Mills McCartney. For the love of all the leaves and the trees stop using me last name. It's been my name and I'm going to be 50. Thinking really. What do you want? I shouldn't be having an in contact with you. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you. You're a crazy. I'm crazy. How about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm with a broken one glass during a fight? You lunatic. That was a fight between Carlos and Gabi on desperate housewives on the telly. How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you only brought me to baby needed 12 to make a centerpiece. You crazy bandsheet. It was from the movie The Break Up with Vince Fall and Jennifer Rannister. You've lost it. You've lost it. How about the time when we turn from vacation and you scream to me constantly. Get out. I'm on the case, I'm on the case. I'm on the case. You're a bear. I hear that story. Wait till I hear that story. They'll know immediately. You're talking about the TV show. Be a low deal with our women. You've got the telly confused with reality. How about the time you were in under cover police officer in the Boston Barrier? How about that one? How are you going to deny that? I'm a card name. I'm a beehive. You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture of the departed. How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad luck? I love kickball. I love kickball. Kickball is like your favorite sport. And you knew that about me before you made me. Just wait to have a measurement. Can't we get you into contact? We all live in a yellow submarine. A yellow submarine. 12 or two or five, 60 WQA employ my territory him or what? And Brad Pitt and Brangelina and Tom Kent, all of our cram. Aren't you tired of it? Yeah. We're going to get you into the red-block. Here we go again. Just push the yellow button and vote as many times as you want on Sequoia. Touch screen voting machines, man. New vulnerability discovered on touch screen system made by one of the country's largest voting machine companies. What affect elections in a dozen of states are right. California secretary stayed brisming first and announced a vulnerability. What after his office has been notified? Just push the yellow button and you can vote as many times as you want. Tom Corbett and election integrity advocate from Riverside County, California, and from the Brad-Blog last night. Not that we're in any mood to report so it's more such stories, but this seems to be a big one, a very big one. It seems there's a little yellow button on the back of every test screen computer made by Sequoia voting system that allows any voter or poll worker or precinct inspector to set the system into manual mode, which allows them to cast as many voices they want. Concerns about the floor were first reported some 30 days ago. Not turned man. California secretary stayed brisming first and is office by Ron Wat. It's a hemacounty California precinct inspector who's been a poll worker in the county for the last 15 years. And yet as recently as a radio interview on Tuesday, McPherson has been crowing about having the country's most stringent security process for voting systems, the night he was aware of any security issue was Sequoia systems. They didn't care about it while told us last night about his late September early October Discussion on McPherson voting system chief Bruce McDaniel. He said he didn't think it was an important issue. He said I don't believe this is a real vulnerability. What in Corbeth is he waiting for? Another call to be SOS office on Friday. After what received a copy of Sequoia's poll worker's guide, booklet number three, troubleshooting via a public records request in Tama. On pages 19, 22 of the booklet, which is Mark F. confidential and proprietary, he confirmed the civil manual override of the system. He learned about a year earlier and the new manuals confirmed the button was still in place. Even in the days of the college voting systems, both models 1 and 2. Not have been taught to be a poll worker by Delaware, the former parent company of Sequoia years ago, when the systems were first brought to the county. The two men placed a conference call with McDaniel last Friday after receiving the booklet. McDaniel again reportedly downplayed the concerns, but said he'd look into it. He called Corbeth back on Monday at noon, however, to say Sequoia's existence had been in the SOS office and it confirmed the vulnerability. Sequoia's voting machines are perhaps the most widely used in California in 19 different counties, including both the Ham and Riverside, which is known as the home of E voting as it was the first county in the nation to deploy such systems. But identical Sequoia machines are also used in dozens of other states around the country, including Florida, Illinois and elsewhere. Just put the yellow button on the back of the machine, put that baby in gear. Early and often, over and over and over again. Frequently. Thanks to the diligence of Latin Corbeth, it is now confirmed that all such systems are completely vulnerable to virtually anybody, which is to cast as many voices they please. I can do it in 18 seconds, as a lot I can train you to do it in three minutes, just push the yellow button away three seconds and a chance. Push the yellow button again, wait three seconds and a chance again. Then it's all on the screen prompts. You want to enter manual mode and you just push yes and you run your way. Just say, yeah, you can then vote as many times as you want. You will never have to stop till somebody physically restrains you from voting. But wouldn't someone hear the time we asked? Wouldn't you hear that time? Maybe you think it was a, you know, time time? No, it's barely audible. quieter than the beep on your computer when it boots up. The systems are usually kept up against the wall to be near a power outlet in the way from the poll workers for privacy. Plus, if you really wanted to pull it off, just come in with a friend and have them talk to the poll workers to distract you. No one ever heard the beep and whatever. No. McDonald's message is left on Corbeth's cell phone Monday confirming the issue. Sequoia was actually in here this morning giving us a demonstration of the feature and how it works and how you would set up and put it in that mode. It said McDonald. He claimed that the SOS office and then contacted all California counties using the Sequoia Edge and he said they're all going poll worker training and putting up signs to warn people about the severe penalties for tampering with voting equipment which would fall under most of them putting signs on the actual machines. There also being very conscious of the placement of the equipment so they can observe actually many of them are have already planned to assign staff members to do nothing but just watch the machines for that purpose to make sure nobody's reaching around or doing anything and again we'll explain on the recorded message. It's not the voters worried about doing this Corbeth. Said it's the precinct captains and election officials across thousands of precincts across the country. This isn't unique to Riverside or Tahima. Tens of thousands of votes can be stolen across the country added. Corbeth was furious at Secretary of State McPherson who's been touting his record on securities for voting systems out of the campaign trail. A record we might add seems to have a little encounter with McPherson's frequent public claims. He has certified system after system in the Golden State despite scores of vulnerabilities and accuracy and spaders and malfunctions found in each one of them. Well, how do you know, baby? I'd be like that. Nice. So now for making you want to stay home next to David Lutton or Republicans do that. Let all those evangelical stay home and rub their cizases. Let 151 votes on the poll. Thank God we don't have any bigots in the Saudi. As we have no, we make no one for bigots except the hosts. Martin Lucas and he McGill daily writes the bad news investigated. We've heard a steam or hurt told about your audience last night is that there are 116 days left in the reign of King George II of America. The good news when we wake up tomorrow morning there'll be one last day. Persh, a people's imprisonment in journalists and regular contributed to New Yorker magazine has been a thorn in the Saudi West government for nearly 40 years since his 1969 expos of the Meal I Massacre in Vietnam, which is widely believed who helped turn American public opinion against the war, is broken news about the secret US bombing of Cambodia, covert CIA, a 10 store-rethroachily in prisons, al-yende, and more recently the first details about American soldiers abusing prisoners at Abu Ghara right prison and Iraq. During his hour and a half lecture part of the launch of an interdisciplinary media communication studies program called Media Ad McGill. First described video footage depicting US soldiers, the US atrocities in Iraq which he had viewed, but not yet published a story about. He described one video in which American soldiers massacre a group of people playing soccer. Three US armed vehicles, eight soldiers need to are driving through a village passing out candy to kids he began, suddenly the first vehicle explodes and there are soldiers screaming. 16 soldiers come out of the other vehicles and they do what they're told to do, which is look for running people. Nevermind that the bomb was detonated by remote control, herish continued. The soldiers opened up fire, the camera shot was a soccer game. About 10 minutes later the soldiers began dragging bodies together and they drop weapons there. It was reported as 20 or 30 insurgents killed that day. If Americans knew the fullest in the US criminal conduct they would receive returning Iraqi veterans as they did Vietnam veterans, her said, in Vietnam our soldiers came back and we were viled as baby killers in shame and himrelation. He said, it isn't happening now, but I'll tell you there has never been an American army as violent and murderers as our army has been in Iraq. Herish came out hard against President Bush for his involvement in the Middle East and Washington. You can't expect any rationalities. I don't know if he's in Iraq because God told him to go there because his father didn't do it or because it's the next step and his 12 step alcoholist anonymous program. Percented that the responsibility for the invasion of Iraq lies with 8 or 9 members of the administration who have a neo-conservative agenda and dictated the US post-911 foreign policy. You have a collapsed Congress, a collapsed press. The military is going to do what the President wants her, which says, how fragile is democracy in America of a present come up with an agenda controlled by a few cultists. Throughout his talk, Hirsh remained pessimistic predicting that the US will initiate attacking Instagram and that the situation in Iraq will deteriorate further. There is no reason to see any change in policy about Iraq. Bush thinks that in 20 years he's going to be recognized for the leader he was and analogy he uses his Churchill, her said. If you read the public statement to the leadership, they're so confident and so calm, it's pretty scary. Almost as scary as those voting machines, man. I didn't like that. Just press the yellow button, baby. And have a good time. Wow. 116 votes on the pool. They don't like it. In fact, I hate this pool. It's got 8% 93 net ban. At two days in a row, we're going to have to have a lot more pools for our pool. My students are happy. Maybe we should have a conference for something. A conference with Sean. Yeah. And our program in department and Joshua. Oh, you get a clearance in there. That's right. If clearance in there, so we can get it involved in our pool taking. And I'm sure we can take some on. You'll think the hurricanes will ever win another game. You think the dolphins will win another game. Does anybody really care about us? How about these? Panthers, huh? You think the Panthers will be to make believes in a macarina? Any interest whatsoever. No. So you're starting to start again. You just relentlessly. That's you never stop. trouble maker. You are professional. trouble maker. You're relentless. And this anti sports thing. It's going to get you in. Think trouble with parents. He's going to turn on you like a cornered rat. Kind of turn? Like a musk rat. How is that putrid the antivit? What are the kids' names? Who? That's Swedish kid. The top. Yeah. Non-parallel putrid antivit from VT. Virginia Tech. I mean, how can a school like Virginia Tech? How many students actually go to Virginia Tech? But turn man. That's the thing that amazes me about all these schools and big football programs. It's stuff like that. There's only one college football program that's of any interest to anyone. And of course that's Notre Dame because Brady Quinn is the quarterback. Is that right, Josh? You bet. Is Dummy up. I mean, Michigan State, they lose every week. They lose to like little girl schools. Do I care about that? Oh, no. Did they care about it? Then when Duffy Dirty's and his whole game plan was two yards in a cloud and busted, they care that. They still don't care. As opposed to those hotbeds of football and sanity like State 10, where they head coaches 120 years old. And university money where the head coaches his grandfather. You see that Michael Irvin wants to let a coke head to resign? Oh, yeah. Michael wants to coke. Speaking of coke heads. What does Michael Irvin got to do with the press? So what does he do in on the air, huh? Is he supposed to be a role model for the children's out there? For the young ones? He was up play. Yeah. He was up play, baby. He was a play. I ripped a snort and play. I'm not a part. Very, very sad what's going on. So many major sports problems and so little time. That's why we devote 20 hours every day to a baby over and over again, especially rock solid. People are taking very seriously like rock solid. Like that one. He's got a wife and more than one kid or maybe one kid. What's his story? He's got a wife. And a kid. Okay. How does he have time for like a family life with all of his adventures to be? What's that thing he goes to every year? The combine. The combine? Joe Bell at least paid for him to go this past year. Well, that was darn what he had. Joe, thank God we're doing that pain for Orlando to go to the combat and as a coach like promoting the shows on here. We sure don't want to spend any money in promotion. Let's spend some extra money. Everyone else is only a drop in a bucket. So just say to heck with it. Does that what he said? Huh? I'm going to start saying the effort pretty soon here if we don't get a, especially those rejoins. I want the audience to start paying close attention. In fact, this is going to be like a new hobby for you. Get out of your stop watches and start timing those sports rejoins at the end of every break. You know, the biggest name. So the best tell us that the deposit's earned in a watch list for Shredio 560. You ain't done. Guys, fucking go. Hi. Hello. Hello. Hello. How do you coach poker? Yes. I can't believe I don't always touch. But I'm listening to the sport whole radio all the time and they dropped your name. So many times. I think of your biggest fan. Thank you very much. Not to mention, hey, so nice even to say. Go, hey. Oh, I know. It's a good thing. How to feel the benefit. My own son, oh, you live. I'm glad to hear. I've even got the past. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, that's great. You know what that's going for? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. You're a man and I will put you back. Yes, sir. I knew tonight. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I am blinded by grant here, go for. Take me sport sports sports sports sports sports sports things go better with poker. All right. Come on, I've seen it five, 60, nobody can. I say dump the old geezer. What do you say, Jack? Say lost three games. That's it. You're out. Yeah. Definitely. Get out of here. Silly old coupe. Democratic National Committee Chairman, Howard Dean's grace former president wasn't incompetent. And remarks to be reported that Vermont Democratic primary headquarters, the former Vermont governor, who briefly ran from president in 2004, said it wouldn't describe the similarities between Bush and the former president, who the nation's only chief executive to resign from office in disgrace no less, of course. Let me think carefully about this Dean said in a political re-feminist of his days his governor, I think George Bush is the most incompetent president we've had in our lifetime. I mean, nobody would accuse President Nixon of being incompetent. In other words, he was a competent crook as opposed to. In competent. Number two, Sam. We said Dean was quick to pull enough that Nixon was dishonest, and that it wasn't endorsing the president's conduct and office. Still he said, Bush and his administration shares some of the characteristics of Nixon and his administration. What the hell was that? Tell me. I don't know what that was. I think there's a lot of similarities between Nixon and Aguil and Bush and Dean said referring to Vice President Spiro A. News, also forced to resign, and vice president Dick Taney. In fact, I think. Another dick in the White House is the last thing we needed. They're both using the IRS for political purposes. They're both spying on people they don't like, and not just terrorists, but also American citizens. Neither one of them particularly believes in judicial rights. They've both been dishonest with American people, meaning Bush and Shaney, amen. Evil, Duersh. Dean's remarks came during a 40-minute meeting with reporters during which he predicted that if election were held today, Democrats would take control of the House and the Senate. The election is not being held today, although we're optimistic nonetheless. Dean who arrived in the state mark ruffled style, his talk by paying from one side of his non-stirged color, his American flaglip held pin upside down. Oh, my kind of guy, real slob. Said that even though Democrats are angry with Bush and Republicans, they would not embark on impeachment proceedings if they were to regain control of Congress. I just lost all my respect for how we deemed. Rather, Dean said they would refocus on the middle class. If we win this, it'll be because people want a different direction for the country. Said, and we want impeachment proceedings now. Just like Nancy Pelosi, man, Wimp, the Wimp fact fought strife. Dean predicted an Democratic Congress would pass legislation in lower middle class taxes to roll by some of the tax scouts given to high income families and corporations to extend health care to more people and raise them in a mowage. And we're going to balance the budget something that incredibly Democrats do these days and Republicans can't seem to do any more Dean said. Dean said it doesn't expect Bush to endorse such an agenda and he reiterated this belief that there's no guarantee Democrats will actually succeed in taking control of one little on both chambers of Congress. As to be expected, Democrats to repeat the performance of Republicans in 94 when they took dozens of seats and rest of control of Congress from the Democrats in dramatic fashion, the former governor said, no, we've had some bitter disappoints in last year as Dean said, he was one of them. But I think we're in a better position than we've been. Dean also said that he was pleased as parties began to speak out against the war and Iraq, something that propelled him to the top of the Democratic list of hopeful two years ago, the strategy fizzled out and the party nominated Senator John Kerry to be extended bear. Senator John's scary. Kerry. The waffler, who was against it before he was for it and then he was for before whatever. I asked to be found at first rating that the party is not only visible supporting his anti-war position of 2014, said, Riley, I was ahead of my time. Unfortunately, I told you so as a lousy campaign slogan. I didn't like that. And then again later on in the same story, I said he arrived in his trademark rumpled style, his title of paying and the same stuff again. With his pin upside down. Maybe like a pineapple upside down, okay. It's possible. Or maybe just like that upside down. Who does it? $295 on a pool of $11.85. We'll have over $1200 a couple of minutes for those who keep track of these stupid things. Do we really care about how many of them? We couldn't give a flying Joyce list. You can sit yourself completely open-minded 592. Oh, we finally got out of 50% layers on there. And I was going, oh, there's speaking of layers. There's Joe Scarborough. Straight ahead. Get out of here. Completely open-minded 592. You're full of garbage. Pregnished 406. I hate this pool 978. 10% too many haters out there. They're not open-minded. See that? They hate. If they're open-minded, they're like every pool that we put on there. All the work that goes into this crap, my god. It just, that's the hardest thing about doing the show. The rest of it is like slime now for long, you know? Like cake? I think that we ought to assign that to George. Joe, you Josh coming up with a new pool idea. Oh, we did it. I'm doing a show. What do you think I can't do until morning? They say that's a good idea, Josh. Well, you won't. Yeah, you won't have the pulse to the morning. But yeah, for that whole care, what did I just get your sand? So we get 50 votes on who cares? At least we know what'll always be about sex, mostly. Our drugs? Sex and drugs, baby. In fact, where's that one pool of shons that didn't use yet? What about that gaping? Oh, yeah, that one. The gaping hole? Not using that. I'll say that for you. I want to go on vacation next time. All right. Speaking of a case, it will be very nice. I should have done this off the year. But since it's a very informal place anyhow, everybody's getting their notebooks out. Right. You need to find out from our fearless intermediate leader there what the story is going to be on Christmas day because some of us are going to have to make our plans, you know? Okay. And not just, free to go away are all I do like fritters, man. Why do I say that? I had that fritters and off. Right now they get corn fritters. I don't know. And these sound figures. I know where to get them in the deep south, not where you are. And that sound good corn fritters. I'm very iffy on them, but I know place in North Carolina where they're great. Mm. We're there. Nothing will be fine. Then a fritter and carolider, their moist and they got mead. You know, in the middle of the real world. Real murals of corn in there. Oh. So the kind of mealy ones that you get everywhere else. I'll tell you one thing. After you have a corn fritter, you'll head right for the smitter. Considious up. In this 488, I hate this 498 racist 53 while shame on you. And a total big of 37. I voted for that just so somebody would. I don't think we'd have all these other people say that. I'm not a total big. I mean, there are a few people I like. Not too many. You already get them. Or you realize that awful lot of people are full of crap. You know that? Oh, a lot of people full of crap. Including many of the ones that we have worked for in the past and more for in the present, etc. A lot of people they talk to talk, but they just don't walk the walk whatever it really means. They just they talk to you with game. But it be, but it doesn't take any talent to talk a lot of crap, you know. Just look at me for. Cronella. Fuff. Fuff. Oh, I don't want to say my bop bop bop. I sure better than those damn sports rejoins. Did you go in your inspection in the mafia? Give me some maximum. I thought they'll talk to Joe Bell. No, seriously, they're they're long and ponders and they make a break. See, I'm looking at attorney. It's not bad enough that this new sale. Oh, I noticed we're not doing it running 65 10 second spots. And every break now like we were for a while there. 10s and 15s and 20s and a five, a 10, a 15 whatever it had I was. We're like a five in dime store. He's nickel and doming us to death. So by the time we get to the end of the region, and the audience feels like they're exhausted. Like they just ran a four minute mile with the that the A-news, Putinheimer, whatever his name is from Virginia Tech. Or that his name? A-news. He's can do a Vladimir. Poon Tang. Whatever his name. I don't know. Virginia Tech. Can you imagine what a bunch of drooling Yahoo's there are in that school? Wow. And here's a kid from Sweden who comes in there. And he thinks because he's in Virginia Tech. He knows something about America. Well he does. That's the epitome of America's Redneck Heaven. Too many Rednecks and so a little time. Where is Virginia Tech George? Josh, may I have any idea? Yes, Josh. Maybe it's in Virginia. Do you think? Am I going to have to google it again? No, we could just forget about it like it doesn't matter. It matters. It matters. The hurricanes are playing for the eight second time. Blacksburg. Blacksburg. Yeah. What kind of a name is that for a town? Oh, a pauper, Virginia Tech, a plight of Virginia Tech. And there's that ponia put them whatever his name is. That means kite to tennis player from Sweden there. The biggest name. So best challenge to the basis for your Roger S. For Shredio 560. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The production series. The biggest name. Landmen. The biggest name. The biggests. The biggest name. Say red man. Well, I thought somebody is getting the tune for a few laughing guys in the studio whenever they take that thing in it was funny. Well, what did I miss though? There were some sort of meaning hysterical unas I've ever made. hysterical in the role of just puke in the guts out of so funny I don't know maybe we should hear it again. Now that's not for the state's game of gambling industry a new era begins with next Tuesday's elections that's what the sun's sent me will say is a million scenes. Oh, over he is or she is well what's a million can that be both yes. Oh, whatever it is for eight years the state's growing gambling industry is faced as staunch opponent of the governor's mansion fan ask governor Jim bush has never hidden his disdain for gambling including his fight against adding lots biggest thou slot machines at barricade per mutual facilities state and barricade voters however approve the machines and aggressively he signed the law governing them as if he had a choice. But pushes out in January thank God. Do the terminum it's a need to Republican Charlie Chris gay or a Democrat Jim Davis will confront further growth attempts by the industry which is pumped big money and affordes election. Chris campaign got at least five grand from individuals with gambling connections while he state Republican parties received more than 125 grand they miss his campaign got at least 1500 from individuals with gambling connections and the state Democratic party got at least a quarter of a million despite those donations both say they were opposed to further gambling in the state figures Tuesday's winner will also have to negotiate with Indian tribes over the biggest thou slots I'll be able to install their casino statewide because of the brown vote. Nearly Jim Davis nor Charlie Christ are pro gambling but either they are less vehemently anti gambling than jab was since state senator Steve Gillard Democrat or hell and ill beach. A gaming supporter is crafting ability to change some of the state's slot machine regulations need really to guys will be great for the industry he said. The state already has poker horse and dog racing and high lie which saw $331 million and wages to the first day months of the year it also has untouched cruises to nowhere that provide laws biggest thou gambling once they reach international waters. So as cruises to nowhere man where you can puked your guts out and have your wife get raped or killed for both. The Indian cuisine those included the thriving several hard rockers in those in Tampa and Hollywood and Microsoft Indian gaming west of Miami have poker and video lottery machines that are similar to slots similar. Their slots the Indian cuisine those do not pay state taxes because they're owned by sovereign tribes although other states have negotiated deals allowing their tribes biggest thou beams like black dead and relentless change for attacks. Bush is attempting to go share with voters prime stalled earlier this year. Nice going fat as jab the stall nice to after the Florida gaming summit in Hollywood last month's statement posted on the website said a research from Lakhovi a capital market said the estimated 6,000 barrettes slot machines will generate at least 700 million dollars in majoring annually the first are expected to open later this month. Gambling has its share of opponents in a statement on its website the Christian coalition of Florida says gambling is a dangerous society that produces huge financial and social costs that put families in risk. What's more dangerous gambling or religion? No context. Still the industry is intent on growth according to government in the states for musicals outside abroad want their own slot machines to keep things within your high-life competent park on a track marty grott track and gaming center and ghosting park tour bird track. Coast women top of the known as raceinos are spending millions to improve their facilities ahead of the introduction slots at pop in all bar alica precocino zinc and 256000 foot square building includes space for 1500 slot machines a bar and four restaurants including this day cast in New York Valley at a cost of about 150 five million and set to open early next year. I want the New York largest memorials machine there, mine a five dollar real fortune machine with my name on it. In my ass on the scene. When I just throwing slot machines in the rooms said duck shiplet my president of recene was for all of the pre-restraining for a total entertainment destination. Meanwhile casino and gaming companies only didn't heavily defend the world's day campaigns and state raises including the gubernatorial and legislative contest gambling interest and one point eight million accordingly follow the money dot org website run by the Institute of Money and State politics that track state campaign contributions pop at a park alone can prevent four hundred and thirty one thousand plus to have such show. In Florida congressional races gambling interest concluded more than sixty seven grant accordingly center for responsive politics and a program in political action committee called yesterday's schools and jobs as we see more than seven million contributions the pack is leading the campaign to again bring a slot machine measure before day voters rejected slots last year when brown county voters approved them as your fan asked governor was hockin on the Spanish language radio all its evil but i beat by the book world's got to come to win a vote no you know he is such a piece of turd man he's just a big he's I've flashed better down the toilet this morning than he is okay that that's the truth killer said racist or house in senate seats also put a fact gambling structure he wants to change some rules the state is a fixed-to-thought operations including lowering the tax rate on the machines from fifty down to thirty five percent is bill that also call for the mention of a fifteen hundred machine for per mutual cap and allow eight hands and free or discounted drinks a little case in the rest of machines because he imagine at that was part of the restriction they put in which we already knew but you forget no free drinks and no um i fifty hundred machine cap and no eight tms whoever heard a such crap so i tell you i'll come here but don't uh and too much don't have a time either god god forbid many in industry argue that fifty percent rate other restrictions would limit economic development around the casinos including restaurants and club shops entertainment venues if the state were to lower the tax rate and see a much greater capital investment in the gaming facility said Joseph why not vice president of spectrum gaming group a game in consultancy why not also said the next government may have some wiggle room negotiating with gambling interest that could see thoughts had a differential facility statewide while christ and david state of the regance gambling expansion adding thoughts to existing per mutual's may not fit in that description why not said it just seems a different form of gambling in a place where gambling already exists yeah what's the big sentence uh and he also said as far as former fan asked governor jabbuch and hubman rared is what he said i'd like that i said that and i stand by it i stand by my man hubman rared he should only right now find a shabbuch and he will and so will there's white column of the smuggler and it said the gants of michpoha and his uh coax norting god or hung laut hoping so So 649 and a half percent that's starting to edge down a little bit as the guilt factor creeps in. Okay, we're not asking in relationship to anybody else out there. Just look deep into your soul, man. Just look deep into your mind of what you think about this group and that group and these people over here and those smelly, whatever they're, you know, cut to crap. And especially in South Florida, everybody needs you to have the like poison, you know? And it's telling me that they're all completely open minded, even our wonderful progressive audience. So I got they don't think too highly of themselves, you know, that's one thing about people. Yeah. I'm just saying yesterday there's so many ugly straight guys and I think that every flag in the world is like chasing after him. Oh yeah, he was coming on to me and I like George. Yeah, that's true about the great-handboss. I've got to stop gratted for our crutches and we wouldn't think that. Go watch your crotch, okay? So you might be very particular to guess what? I am the rest of your group is not. I am. I'm not one of those got like like the straight guys who are just interested in huge breasts. They don't care what they were attached to and what they really ought to do is just buy two bowling balls and take them home. It'd be cheaper. And at least they can't get away. You said yourself completely open minded. 609 49.6% BS. BS. Pregnages for 19. Raw prejudice. Every stinkin' one of you, okay? Yamama. I hate this full 99.1%. Well we hate you. I like that like poison, like poison. Hope you're in Dread. Races 54. 54 and a total big of 42. You know, I don't honestly think about this the other day. Where did these E-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d- So what was better when South Florida was still with all those crammy old Jews or an outlier crammy old Cubans who were like, what's the new deal? Now there must be something new that I'm missing. South Americans South Americans most of you and we know what's, of course, we got that in the WSU way that Columbia and Radio, you know? Right, that Columbia Radio, they smother that baby in. So in ethnic, not not like a melting pot. It's like an ethnic sewer pot. I'm a good person. You said pot. I said pot. I knew, I knew, I knew what I was talking about pot is like, I mean, I thought about Henry, which you keep doing air in the single lake. Oh, is that jelly bellies? I don't even know what the hell I did outside of it. It was the police. It was the police. It was about to cop and wanted his cops on the force to lose weight because they had the big overhang. That's true. They had that big poopa-king in our man. It's one thing to be fat, but when you're walking around with a huge big poopage stand, you know, when I weighed 266 and 1972 when I worked in the serviceota, when I woke up with nasty pounding headaches and sweatshirt anymore, I went to the doctor, found out I had very high blood pressure. He said, if you don't lose them, what you're going to die pretty soon, that's a long time ago, that's 33 years ago. I was the young man, I was 31. Wow. And so damn good thing, I went to the doctor. I'd be dead. Look at, look at all what I would have missed. Okay. I would have missed my Disney. I would have missed Stan, what was his name? What the was his name? I and Z. Major? Not Stan, major. Stan, the general manager, I came to think of his name. Stanley Cohen. Oh. And his brother Marty. I would have missed Marty Cohen at the KAT in his friend Craig Worthing. I would have missed Siddler, I'd have missed a Casper. If I would have not taken a pill. And then after I went to the doctor and he scared to hell out of me, I lost a hundred pounds in a year, aren't you proud? I had. And then I went to I would be in blue and up again, like into a big fat cow. No, 50's name, no, the best talent. And here's also the real rotiers for Shridio 560, if you want to. You have no longer for it. I'm a catman, can you say it? No. And everybody, a severed body, all the time. Oh, that's always time. And some of that, that's hooted for me. I would praise Siddler, that's her in her soul. And tell, to everybody, to everybody all the time. Right in our arms and spirit. Oh, right, it's where this fresh, soft spring is. And how they go, once in the year. Oh, true God, it's where that is, to fly slower. Where the shatting and fructives fly you through the ball. There's a thrift law of the tower. Hey, can I roll with no one to see who mad at all? You're fair, fair, fair, fair, fair. Hey, sever us by hand, all the time. Oh, I'm dying, that's your spirit. We can do some great, and that's free. This is what we, from top of the old, be. You know, we can lease an apartment in the microwave tonight. Pressure does it comes off the wing floor and the puff. Or at least by chronic Karoski puts himself on side of the sitting roof of the blue lines. How do you like that? You want to hear the rest of the, uh, game in an hour from my start. Toronto, four, ten of eight, two is a final score. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm sure George has heavy duty interest. I got us right here. That's going to wake you up. Okay. A game man and admitted me a less score. Plains, he had a set on going, sexual relationship. Will they well-known evangelical pastor from Colorado Springs? Hmm. My Jones told nine wants to know investigative report at Channel 9 in Denver. Reporter Paula Woodward that he's had a sexual business relationship with Pastor Ted Haggard for the past two years. A sexual business relationship. Haggard is the founder when senior leader of the new life church in Colorado Springs. He's got 14,000 members. He's also president of the National Association of Evangelicals and organization that represents millions of people. I mean like that. Haggard is married with five children and not spoken critic of gay marriage. Jones broke his silence yesterday morning on talk radio and an exclusive ending who I started to Haggard and I had the claims and told nine news he's prepared for his own church to investigate them. I did not have a homosexual relationship with a man in Denver said Haggard. I am steady with my wife. I'm faithful to my wife. I don't know if this is the last year politics or this has to do with the marriage and remember what it is. But I'm not even the guy who will investigate it or a question it. I don't know what to that, I'm sorry, but this is independent group will come in and do that. Jones started talking to nine wants to know two months ago. He claims Haggard has been paying him for sex over the past three years. Even though Haggard preaches that homosexuality is a sin. Jones also claims Haggard used meth and fed me in his presence on several occasions. What on meth? You got himself into it. What on meth? What a wicked web we weave when we practice to deceive. Or how about how let's do it all saying goes. How's that go? Just like that. No. People may have looked at me and think what I've done is immoral, but I think I had the moral thing in my mind and that is exposed to someone who is preaching one thing and doing the opposite behind everyone's backs. It's Jones. Maybe like Charlie Christ. Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokeau, Prof. Haggard in 2005, and a series on mega churches. Haggard was also listed by Tam Magazine as one of the 25 most influential evangelicals in America last year. All we can say to him is, you fair round. How you like that? Uh huh. Hey. Oh, it's Wolfmother. Get everybody whipped up for that hockey game tonight. No. You ready for that? Wolfmother? Now if you had a vacation coming up, which I guess you don't. But if you did, I would get them to get that between now and tomorrow morning when you and I can finally lay for the last time this week. Let's get that string dude. Okay. That thing about December. Whether they got some crantopotons. Maybe they can play some sportsy Christmas heroes. I hope they will. Or they can play like some university fight songs for four hours on that day. Because who would want to hear this show anyway? How many volunteer to work Christmas days, so you guys can have it off. But nevertheless, because you guys sure aren't working on Christmas day. Not name in. Not a professional Catholic like you and the birth of our Lord and Savior Jesus H. Christ. Yeah. Jesus H. Christ. Wow. What's pot is this? Oh, it's a Spider-Man in uniform. What is this? What is this? Oh, it's a spider. Oh, it's a spider. Don't blow it. Who's Jesus? Oh, man. Woo! No comment. I'm not going to describe what they put on the screen when they say that. But anyway. 252 is our QA in sports time. Now, I was thinking about vacations. How about terrains? Is that something? Oh yeah. As soon as I got off the plane, I'd say, well, I'm Jewish and a fag, but other than that. And from America, I have Canada and they're all Canadian, okay. And then they come on and I'll go my brains out. Iran will offer cash and sent us to travel agencies to encourage Western tourists to visit that country, giving a premium rear for Americans, the official Islamic Republic, and the agencies reported. Yeah. Let's go to terrain, man. The Islamic Republic published the local leadership has been tried to reach out to ordinary Americans to show that a standoff over Iran's nuclear ambitions is with the Bush administration. Not with US citizens. So, Robert Ergick kidnapped. The latest initiative comes as you went to committee council library say draft resolution that would impose sanctions on Iran for its disputed nuclear program. Iran's tourism department will pay 20 bucks for personal loss would attract European or American tourists to the country. The agency quoted Mohammed Sheef Moloxy, the deputy head of the department of saying, Moloxy is that day. Whatever hell is name is. Some ragged. The leaders from other countries would have in travel agents $10 per tourist per head. Maybe that's what that priest was paying for that guest kid that preacher paid so much per head. Last week, Iran's fiercely anti US President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad expressed opposition to a bill that would require Americans to be fingerprinted on a rival in Iran. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The bill was passed past day preliminary reading in the Iranian parliament earlier this month. It was drafted by Conservatives who sought to retaliate for US requirements that Iranian visitors be fingerprinted. It has not been debated yet. The US measure which also applies to the national as some other countries was implemented in 2002 and in the wake of the 9th of attacks on the earth and Washington. I wonder if this is where it will be safely leaving the country. All the lines still has it. Against the board, it didn't even record the game last night. I was so whipped up with that wood buying craft working feverishly to get most of my money back which I did. Aren't you proud? Yes. The middle of the ice back to Jeff O'Neill. Or Neil's down low to stage in panic coming past a cut, why do you shout? I could smell like a fuel. I could smell like a gull come in. In earlier attempt to reach out to Americans, I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. I would like to say that the United States is a great opportunity to go to the United States. Every single man there we were in the car on the way to Detroit to go to the track to go to Hazel Park and Northfield down. What a bunch of race tag these generous man. I would like to go and put on Joe Maristounier and Red Ross and race-dine and all those guys. I would like to say that. Harold Fisher and makes you a pitcher. I would like to say that's what we did. Let's do a, in fact, you like to hockey shows so much. Let's do some more shows on harness race. Although we got the breeders cup on Saturday, we got the Uber race. And we just like I told you, oh my god, get him in the gate already and get the race going. Where do you please? By the time they get the damn race going for Cornell out, it's just enough to make you a plot. Uh-huh. And the rough. Something about you and maybe it's true. Head dead for the early years. Time to work with a second race for macular kids today. I have to tell you something about this show. We have it all. We've got it all. We start playing pornographic audio from Playboy next week. And then it's really good. We're from the Playboy channel. And behind the hustler chance. That's it. 260 votes on the pool and half of you are a bunch of liars. The biggest thing. So, best tell us to be a system. We own Roger, just for video 560. You ain't in. So, why are you doing? You're going to break down your door. Fire our guns. And I have been forch on you. And you do that here. Even if you disappear. And let you do it that evening. But be much you too. We're going to pull out your nail. For more screws in your skirt. We're going to grab a glue stick up your tube. And for the chocolate mask. Here, push them and they match. And there's not a stick just think that you can do. Here, we have a rarer. And you can't keep you doing anything. You can't keep you doing anything. Push them in life. And join the proud shirt light. All right, we'll make you disappear tonight. We're going to pop in your eye. We'll pop in your tongue. We'll out your tongue, Martha. We'll try the spices to your teeth and add to it. You better watch what you say. Much the day you go away. All right, we'll make you disappear. Because if you ever have to repeat you with a rubber hose again. But don't do it. That's a button. So, that's what it's like. What else? I always like to hear that last girdle. We're going to last waterboarding girdle. Two minutes to answer one answer. A QM sports each and a day like time. Standard time. Whatever it is. Well, we sure had a big stimulus about the time. You know, today was a banner day. I told you this morning. I could smell it. I could feel it. We got my internet and all my computer issues right now. Yeah. Thank you, George. Thank you, Eric. We love you, baby. You're actually going to say damn, both of you. Because I'm going to be sending, I got stories of the old butt man. How about that? I bet I missed a word. I've got some stories up the butt. But anyway. Yeah. Very stories. Oh, God. You don't want to go there. I know. I just want to tell you something mighty important. And then, of course, you sidetracked me with more of that filth. You're so famous for. God are you a pervert or what? No, it was very important. I'm a really important man. Yeah, sure. Oh, no. It was my advice to the listeners out there. Since we turned so many people on them as a little fire fox. Yeah. And I'll turn to the winner and I'll explore to look at L.S. Spain and crack and create a room. I don't have to worry about using Alexa and all that other garbage. What? A banter day. I got rid of, well, you can't really ever get rid of a store in your computer because build rights and people will spies on their top views. But I at least stop using it ever. And I got rid of Alexa. I moved it entirely from my computer, man. It's not a trace of it isn't. Another sighting. It is. And we got that hot mail situation straight now. I could probably spend a whole day between because it's colder in the hell. It's like they're cloudy and 40 now. And for cancer, nobody keeps the Toronto weather on a sleeve. It's compelling radio call. But at any rate, I'll have the whole day there's like, send Ziggins to us. You want to see how fast they fire off of there. Where do you already go, don't you? And tomorrow morning we'll work on how you can send them from your phone really quick and easy. Yeah. I mean, if my blackberry. Yeah. That's what I mean. All right. From my blackberry. Are you sure? Absolutely. I mean, sitting right there. Would buy him when I'm a while in my sheen while you're in the cab. You know, on your way somewhere. You want him to come in? Yeah. You know, I can't grab her. You know it. Wow. These good people are so really good deal. I'll tell you, every, you know, who cares about these regions? You know, I get all whipped up from screaming. We don't care what you do, Clarence. Do whatever you want. If it makes you feel bitter, it makes you squeeze yourself a lot more often. Here in here in here. You know what, we know what Hank sounds like. We know what mad dog sounds like. We certainly know what rock solid. Sounds like we definitely know what that sounds like. So, and we know what Kenny and most time like, too, even though Kenny hasn't been on it, well, we know what he sounds like. He's fine. You know, he's a good guy. And boy, that last in gas routine on that one, I wish I would have found out what that was so funny there. Wouldn't you? I can't wait to hear it again. Must have missed the punch line. Oh, it'll run again for you. I'm sure. Will. Will you mean this hour? Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's that Nazi Robert Dornin. Look at MSNBC real fast. It edition. It's a random. There is a God man. Looks like he got attacked by the ugly stick. Now that they were looking in the first place, that right wing homophobic obnoxious California former congressman Robert Dornin. What a piece of turd. Okay. What a, oh, faster. They run for all this. They dig all these losers out man. It's, you know, all the talking hits all the time. You see him. He looks like he's aged 100 years in last five. Good. I hope he dies a wicked nasty death. Right there on TV in the middle of the cinema would be good. Mizzable right wing piece of turd. Evelyn Pringle. You know, this article, if I were to read it, I'd be done by about midnight tomorrow. That's how long it is. It's on our website, or we'll be tomorrow along with other 500. I'm sending you a job. Listen, I'm not going to overdo it. I'm not going to send you like a hundred stories. Just relax. And if I do, everyone would better be on it. Evelyn Pringle is a communist for op-ed news and investigative journalist focused on exposing corruption in government and corporate America. You know who that is now? Good. And the article from Smoking Ships I have line is, Big Taney fitted for a new Halibut uniform, striped jumpsuit. The US security's in exchange for missions conducting a formal investigation into whether Halibut made improper payments to government officials in Nigeria and connects with a construction and expansion by T.S.K.J. of natural gas verification complex and facilities at Bonnie Island River's state Nigeria. T.S.K.J. is a company registered in Portugal whose members include Technip SAA France. Snapper O'Gilly of Netherlands, V.V., a subsidiary of Sightham S.P. Evidly. J.G. C. Corp. Japan. And Kellogg Brown and Rudy, successive of the NW Kellogg company, H.H.H.H.H.H.H.H. 25% and Fiston Deventure. T.S.K.J. in a very as contrast to building the Spaniard liquefied natural gas project for Nigeria, L.N. G.L.L.M. which is owned by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corp, Shell gas B.V., Cleveland and Aguip National B.V., and a full unit of E.N.I.S.S.P.A. of Italy. A lot of initials in this, you know what? You don't have to keep track. It's just a part where we get to change the accounts. I'm only going to read a little bit of this too long. It's 100 pages long. M.W. Kellogg Limited is a joint venture which Halibut has got a 55% interest in the UK Kellogg Limited and M.W. Kellogg Company were subsidiaries of Dressor Industries before Halibut in the 1990 and Equizision of Dressor. The M.W. Kellogg Company was later merged with the Halibut in subsidiary to form Kellogg Brown and Ruit KBR. The U.S. Department of Justice is also conducting a related criminal investigation of the Nigerian bribery matter for soon to the U.S. foreign corrupt practices act, F.C.P.A. And last but not least, on August 7, 2006, the financial times of London reported that KBR is subsidiary of Halibut in being investigated by Britain's serious fraud office over the company's Royal and alleged plot to pay more than $170 million in bribs to win $7 billion with the contracts at the Nigerian oil plant. For a part of the PURIT under investigation, the newspaper reported Halibut was headed by Vice President Dictaney. I'll ride. I just mentioned that in passing and you can read the rest on a website by Edel and Pringle. But we sure like her potatoeships. You know you can't even only $100. $270 in the fall. We'll get to $13. Something easy. Easy. I slide off a rock. When you say, slide off a rack. All you people would kid you out there. You better watch what they're dittal on our computer. What they're downloading. But Trisha San Angela wouldn't concede in her fight with record companies that accused her of parroting songs over the internet. Now the companies are hoping for an easier Tesla against her kids. Five record companies represented by the recording industry association of America, filed a lawsuit in federal court, and white planes yesterday, white planes New York, again San Angela's son and daughter. It is said Michelle San Angela 20. I want to heat her flight. As acknowledged downloading songs on the family computer, then that her brother Robert 16 had intricate in statements his best friend made. It accuses the two of downloading and distributing over a thousand songs including Pretty Fly for a White Guy by the offspring. Beaded by Michael Jackson and Bob by Hanson. How do you say that? Yeah. By Hanson. Well, anybody that would download so songs by Hanson needs to be shot? Oh, they did hit a one record I liked. I hate to admit that. That's bad. You know the one I played a couple of times is pretty good. I'm going to visit her where he was a champion on the piano. No. That's not your talent. Oh, no. Hey, Hanson. Please. We're trying desperately to get the audience back. Now that there are two of them all who are rejoin. Oh, I mean, that's got a big shit. Looks like a note. Yeah. Oh, get out of here like that. And like that doesn't sound like Michael Jackson. That's a check. Yeah. Oh, there you go. We're down the Yassin and we go to your 50 best of days. I heard that the song that sounded. I don't want to hear Hanson. You maniac. Oh, God. I'm going home. I'm going home. I think I hear another fire drill. Oh, God. I think I hear another fire drill. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Yeah. It was not a fire drill. I got to get out of here soon. Cut the crap where you're pleased. And not always with a song I like. What is this song? I'm during the break. I don't know. You'll play it. This was a big hit. All the hands and I got it. Oh, that's the candy. All the hands in you got it. And I don't want to think about them. Not only couldn't they sing, but they were ugly as cinnamon. They looked like an in-bread bunch of retard from Indiana. I guess they were. In short, each of the defendants participate in the substantial violations of plain violence. And then they can see other involvement standing idly by as Patricia San Angel, repeatedly protested their innocence and chastised by the fire filing allegedly for a civil litigation complaints. The San Angel is a lawyer, Jordan Glance, disputed the recording of the street's allegations that he was at Michelle Sandlow's deposition doesn't record many organizing downloading. Patricia San Angel, who a federal judge called and internet illiterate parents, threw attention last year when she denied downloading songs and refused to settle the recording of the street, which he said they made it 7,500 grand to keep her name out of a lawsuit. For illegally downloading music, the offenders of internet freedom help pay for her attorney. He proclaimed her innocence on TV. But the question of a man, whether her children had done it, San Angel says he had no-nose it and downloading and if they did, the blame-layed with computer programs, not with her or the children. It's the computers fault. Yeah. The industry is requesting an injunction on specified damages for each download and court cost. The record companies have sued thousands of people, including many minors, for allegedly using it throughout to file sharing computer networks, most of which have been forced out of business. Like, what was the big one? That's good. Next year? Oh no, next year went legal, right? Right. Well, first year goes. Well, we don't want to put them on the years and everybody's going to blame us for it, okay? They keep giving out the names of these websites for people to go to, so they can legally steal the song. That's the kind of stuff we do on here. We aid in the bit in criminal acts. Is that what we're here for? Criminal acts. Criminal acts. In fact, that's when you're working on this station, you're eating and abetting in a big criminal act, impersonating a radio station. I want you to go in here and Joe Bell's office in two o'clock. I went to the march down a hall, if he's back from lunch, which I doubt. I want you to march down a hall and if he's not just going there and peon is desk until he comes back. And I want you to jump up and down my front post still skin, right in front of his desk and say, Neil says, those redron are too gd long, okay? The ridiculous. They're too now. What is wrong with you, people? You and your boyfriend clearance that he's turned a key to the kingdom over two. See, I can forgive people from all the same thing. But turning the keys to the kingdom over to a post like that, that line from the garter father, that I do not forgive. Remember that long speech there? When he met with the heads of the five families, remember that speech? That I do not forgive. Yeah, we don't have any of that, though, and that speech. So wait, no, yeah, we do do. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Let me say that swear. Am I children? I'm a children, I'm a grandchildren. I'm a grandchildren, so I will not be able to pray to peace with me. I'm the biggest name of this teleacidist, this real rotiress, for Shwedeel 560, you, A.M. Only on the banana republic, baby, only in Miami, Hillary Clinton says she's a good senator, but what you don't know is she's ugly. In 2001, Hillary added a Washington DC ugly contest and was turned away because they told her, sorry, no professional. In 2003, a congressional investigation, we will Hillary is a nine-iron. She's good from about 130 yards away. Can we really afford to elect a senator who's huge, E.L.Y. and has no alibi? On November 7th, pull up bag over your head and pull the lever for John Spencer. I'm John Spencer, and I'm pretty. Pretty gross dance. What's our gross dance? Our dance dance. I hear that we're so lucky themselves. We're gonna be for dinner, we'll talk it so. God get on the amount of gifts I'd all move to the argument for us. And so all through the same people, Shouchen A.L.Y. You will never be chilling all in misery. I need a Saint's post Hillary. And everybody needs a song. We're gonna be for the fucking song. We're gonna be for the fucking song. We're gonna be for the fucking song. I've been feeling this atmosphere. I've lost my voice. When you leave that house, it'll just be so much more like walls. And now just another in January. And if we don't know the subject, we'll never say. You're in the off-south, damn slippery. And everybody's not dancing. Oh, my fault. I'm like he's really. Well, here he is, I believe. I'm just like, he should deliver all your time to it. And I'll just say, oh, he does. I'm fucked up. I'll take care of the way. Take care of the women. I'm a BTO, but I'm a fuck. This Hillary comes up in salt. It's the damn thing I ever saw. You're a russ with innocent scumpidots. And you never have this interview. So change your mind running in an oil array. We don't believe in your 80-band. And now start with a beating pass that I've got. And every time on the install, I'm like, oh, hey, oh, boy. Tell me. Tell me. If I might open the door again, you could do it. We have another funny fall. So I might be a villain. Issues. How do you like that? Can you hear it in the background through the door? Yeah. I did. Oh, good. I'll open the door for a special effect. You need like, oh, yeah, real. Like this. Oh, God. I told you, I knew there was something in the air about this day. You could smell it. You could feel it. You could sense it. You had a twitch in your balls. You just knew it. Christian defense coalition says many evangelicals feel used and taken for granted by the Republican party. Which we said. Yeah. We told you so. I'll give you silly ass sketchies out there. They're fun in your man. They're making funny and behind your back. Just like you know certain people talk behind my back. Who? I don't know. Many evangelicals say you used and taken for granted by the Republican Party. The Republican Party according to a release issue by the Washington DC based Christian defense coalition. Wow. And for Republicans who's the house is sent at the only, they only have themselves to blame said the group's director. Reverend Pat Mahoney. Oh, no, not Reverend Pat Mahoney. Mr. Ego's buddy. Oh, no. Who was formerly with the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue. Oh, wait a minute. Here's the announcement coming. Be very quiet. Have your attention, please. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The Whitewood in the pan out of city loss for quick plan allowed the beeping. We're going to fail the winner. Jonathan and power faith and value voters who is provided critical basis to support for the Republican Party. Reverend Mahoney claims that many, wait a minute. Here comes another announcement. I think. Yeah. You got my attention. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not feeling the problem. I'm not on that floor. So going. Reverend Mahoney claims that many evangelicals believe the Republican Party court stem during elections and then the bandits have endorsed them after the election is over. According to another press release issued by the group to Christian defense coalition will be the Prayer vigil on the lower western class of US capital this Sunday to seek God's blessing guidance and direction for most important midterm elections in many years. And you like that. God has been a guide them in a prayer vigil. The coalition believes that even after years of GOP control the House and the White House there's a little of the show in the area of real change in Washington, which translates into a lack of past energy for the midterm elections. Kindness are often here. Our things like why should I pass out literature in the freezing cold of the foreign rain Mahoney said or spend hours manning a phone bank for candidates who deliver so little. Republican leadership can no longer assume that the faith community will vote for them just because of Republicans are press release continues. Everything is in order. It's another phone. He falls to alarm. I cut the crap. Okay. And where's that hot young guy that was in lobby during last fall. So long two days ago. Send him up here. He thinks up. Well, we can have a real. Yeah. Like rubbing two sticks together. The cooler. Maybe I can go back to the Boy Scouts again. Yeah. Where are you? We blow. The coalition also pay. That's what they told me. The coalition also depends on organized today. Apparently Western prime court beginning on two day November 7 election. They running to the partial birth abortion bad arguments of the court on November the eighth. All right. The anxious Reverend Pat Mahoney was an invention of Mr. Ego and that's station. Nobody knows what it is. How do you like that? Wow. Oh my god. When you trace every evil thing back. Forget about the evildoers. It always comes back to Florida. Just like those hang on chains. Tell with that. Just like that. Can't say. Here is bitch. This is a really a traumatic story. 25 years after it was convicted of rape. Larry Fuller walked out of a court of free man Tuesday of this week. When a judge ruled by DNA testing proved his innocence. The 10 steps he's on a race in Dallas County in five years. He just of course happens to be a black man. Not that black people get railroaded in the South. But they do. There's no bitterness. That's what life's about trial and tribulation said. Who carried two worn bibles to a brief afternoon hearing. My faith was tested in I won. Well, if there was a god, how come my god let him sit in his ass in there for 25 years. Huh? I wonder. At the end of the hearing assistant district attorney John Rolley to apologize to Fuller Responded. Thank you. Apology accepted. I forget them a long time ago that I was convicted for fuller 57. Said as you accept hug from his attorneys, brother, Oliver, other all as he described as his Amen corner. Amen. How do you Amen? Very sick. Code of record of the New York based innocence project and one of fullers attorneys called for an independent commission to look into Dallas's Rancal conviction and see what the hell was going on. They want to know what tells going on Howard. But Roy is. Coley who said the numbers that out alive. Remember that network? I do. Fuller was convicted and aggravated. And actually that's the part where Josh Colisley for this and I want to know what that says going on Howard. Yeah, that was it. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. And in fact that you fell asleep is a very sad comment. Fuller was convicted of aggravated rape and sentenced to 50 years in 1981. A 37 year old woman said he was the man who worked into a apartment raped her using a butcher knife to cut her thumb neck and back as she struggled. The victim looked at two photo lines. Both of which included four. She picked him in the second one. Even though four was bearded in the picture and she said a attacker had no facial hair. And you're like that. Maybe it's like one of Carl Rose Beards. The state district judge's land and McDaniel who freed full of such he felt sick to her stomach. Thinking about the injustice that had been committed. What do I say other than I wish you well in a college rise on behalf of the state of Texas, you told him. Twenty five freaking years. Now, heart of this man's life. He's now 50 70's and daughter-in-gold fart. Texas passed along 2001. Say how they proceed. You're free. Examining certain convictions with DNA testing. Nearly all of the overturned convictions from Dallas County were handed down to 80's before the end of the DNA. The criminal is a criminal. If you have 10 plane crashes at the same airport, you want to find out what's going on, how he can fix it, checks it. Roll later however, said he doesn't think there's a pattern to wrongful convictions. I've looked at these cases in the involved four different agencies. Quite a number of different prosecutors and courts that does not indicate there was a rogue cop, a rogue court, or a rogue prosecutor. I wonder how many of these people that were black by the way. Good question. Probably all of them. Not because there's any racist we understand in the deep south. Certainly not in Texas. The eyes of Texas are a pioneer. The eye eye eye eye eye. Isn't that wrong? I'm illegal aliens are pouring in across the border. I'm surprised they don't shoot them all. I'll do that. New poll. Tested leads burns in the 047 to 46. Wow. In Montana. You're state. We'll see any real president Bush campaigning for candidates. 56 percent say that hurt and 26 percent say that. I'll. All right. A resonating endorsement for your president. But for Democrats only one point ahead in Montana. Well, that's big sky-coteer. Maybe that's real dark red country in it. Not as much as you'd think. It burns to think that we're falling in many. Democratic governors there in Montana. I make a plan. Many Democratic governors. A lot of Democrats live in Montana. A lot of three huggers. Because that's been sheltered. I don't know about Shelby. 13 every nine votes on the poll. You consider yourself completely open minded. Oh yeah, 49.9 percent nearly half. 654 this crowd of liars completely open minded. They love everybody except their neighbor and their spouse. And their, uh, uh, uh, uh, you know, people from India and dark folks. And white folks and, uh, uh, uh, spicks and Jews. In fact, president is 445. I hit this pool. 178.1 percent very high. Very high. Like George is right now. Races 59 and the total big at 44 artsy bunkers. The biggest name. So the best talent for the business. We all rockers for radio five 60. You. And that the Lord even loves the old Rogers. That's what we do. Good. Easy buddy. Easy buddy. Easy Jackay from home. And his arm is just too dangerous. I'm a lot of people. But please, some dance and now. I got it for writing. You're a cow. Easy buddy. Easy. Easy. Easy buddy. Easy. Easy buddy. Easy buddy. Easy. Easy buddy. Easy buddy. Easy. Easy buddy. Okay careful truth before he's done. Hold the chair. Please give some. Okay catch some thoughtsMusic. Eightpours guys live with water with the wildhouses through. For any vez, let's risk him to no one's best. What can you say with it. Think taking that is a reward for him or a kid? I'd really love that. And I'd love that. What could be like, well, I'm going to tell you a lot of pressure, Billy, because if Virginia takes me to the hurricane Saturday, and the bears pummeled it off into which is most likely on Sunday, it could be another disastrous sports weekend, and you'd be really cursed and so forth. Wouldn't it be bad? I'm sorry, was that a most likely on Sunday? Like I said, after the bears pummeled the Adolphins, which barring some miraculous, like maybe if they missed the bust of the stadium in Chicago, they'd like to barze out me and not filming where they could lose it, like by four feet. Five on eleven or something. Well, that's weird, cause it's just one of those things, you know, I think Nick Sabin is out, I think, go, Larry Cokin, you're out, Larry, you old fool. Speaking of old fools, Frank Castle, I wonder if he's related to Matt Castle, I just Googled Matt Castle back from his USC days on the internet. It's old family, he's got a brother who's like a pitcher for San Diego, and he's got another brother. It's a jock family. Do you ever know families like that where everybody in the family is a jock? Okay, sure. Now when you went to high school, did you have to like in Jim class where a jockstrap? We didn't have to in Jim class, but during the athletic after school programs we did. Like, trash in class, we had a word jockstrap, and then of course we used to swim naked and swim in the pool. Yeah, you did all kinds of strange things and they're schooled in the day. Yeah, we did. Now if I could just turn a clock back, Virginia Sheriff covered up this scheme, which it doesn't have his deputy sold Seas guns and drugs to the public. Never wondered what happens to those Seas drugs and guns, George? Maybe he could. I know. The indictment names Henry County Sheriff Harold Franklin Castle, known hopefully his Frank and 17 others. Good old Frank Castle. And what if he's kind to a Matt or royal? They were taken into custody this morning with the E.A. said in the statement, it's a disgraceful correction. Said, he was certainly John Brownley. I wonder if he's a Brownley hound. These were drugs and guns that were seized as part of their law enforcement duties, and then we're still in from the property room and put back out on the streets. Wow, I've got to, you know, everybody has to make a living. Brownley, I did, you have law enforcement officers risking their lives to take these guns off the streets. And then a very few members of law enforcement put it in the right back out there. If now is your rest, would affect the Department of Civility carry on daily operations. Virginia State Police, having sent to ensure safety, Brownley said, among the schemes alleged in the indictment, the theft of drugs and firearms in the custody of the Sheriff's Department, the distribution of cocaine, marijuana and a date rape drug, money laundering, and of structure justice, all of these. All of these things. The E.A. said 13 of the 18 charged or either court or former employees of the Henry County Sheriff's Office, located in southern Virginia's Piedmont region. America is a redneck country, baby, make no mistake about it. As I get older, each and every day is the one thing I've learned. It took me a long, long time. Well, actually years ago, I started learning it. When I really first got a real whiffle, what it was all about. I was broadcasting a basketball in Indiana and the state championships were from Indianapolis. And it was my first visit in Indianapolis. They got this big circle in the, even it will tell you how to hollywood circle. Okay. And down on Indianapolis. And the big thing they do on Saturday night is everybody gets in their car and they drive round and round. They just cruise all the circle and big circles. They're very small town. Yeah. Right. Well, Indianapolis, in a small town. But anyway, so you go into a restaurant there and it's like all the waitresses had a deep southern dry wants in the apple pie, apple. And they look on the map Indianapolis does look like it. I mean, it's in southern Indiana. But do you think of Indiana as being part of the deep south? Of course not. But it is. It is anywhere south of Michigan and Pennsylvania and Connecticut and Rhode Island. They were south of New England, Pennsylvania and Michigan. That's where I draw to line. If you look at the map, you say, well, that's more to the country. It's said for the West Coast. And like I said, except the West Coast. Officials alleged castle was advised by authorities of drug transactions going on in his department, but took no action. Authorities also wanted to share a fair amount of several legal activities by a line. If that were investigators, what a slime ball man, who would do that? Tim, cast up a selected chair for 1992 to the Department of Poison 120 to people 96 of them as a senator. There's a line missing from the story, but we don't really care. Do we? As a slime ball. Well, there you go. Sign America, baby. The digital deep south. Red Nights and crook cowboys and crooks and schnucks. Horse trainer claims colder and Churchill downs abuse his horses. Horse trainer renower has sued the operators of two racetracks in Florida and Kentucky many claims drug and physically abused his thoroughbreds and allowed other jockies to maneuver their steas into his horses during races. Venice Fisherway Florida resident also claims the racetracks in tensile acts of foul play resulted in permanent injuries and the death of one of his racetracks according to lawsuit filed this week in Vatsurky court. Churchill downs in Louisville can tuck in its management company called a race course in Miami Gardens also operate by Churchill downs. Our name is defendant to the lawsuit. Fisher's lawsuit claims the racetrack misconduct including befaming him with allegations that he drugged his own horses began in November 2004. The misconduct seems from a personal vandetta against Fisher based on information or belief concerning Fisher's knowledge concerning possible corruption lawsuit said. Messages left after hours by snitch or fishes of training, marled brown and both racetracks were not immediately returned. The lawsuit seeks to turn his fees court costs other damages the court seems proper. How do you like that? They did it with his horses, baby. And of course we got the big breer's cup code of unsettered and any interest. No. So that's the problem. The first person is for old men. Thurved by racing old men. Am I right? What? Sorry. I was listening. When you go to the track to meet in ages, death was 10. You know that. Yeah. Now for these damn slots going in there get some people on the edge of a hundred. Get some living and breathing people in there to leave it a positive. You know what I'm saying? I'm that you'll be over there like crazy. You'll be a top and all. You'll be a ghost. In fact, you can you can hop in a car to a clock and be a ghost in by 220. Yeah. The only I had some money to gamble. Forget about money. Okay, just go in there. I love to. George Rodriguez from the Aroja show. The local new up in account by the 15th of February of next year you're long about 40 grand. But what's wrong with that? They need to open up a no account for me. You mean a no cash account? Yeah. How about a free machine money? In other words, a one kind of a game you're who ever used to have at the race. That's right. In other words, if you win, you win and if you lose you still lose because they give you money back. Not to the race race as you understand back in the race. Of course. I mean, he's a companion. Clyde Tulsi used to hang it up. Look at that man. I'm just taking a look at these stats here. We're picking some fat ass and spread of all your negativity. It's spread of those long ponders. I need you going there and ask cards about the Christmas about these 10 to 25. No, I'll ask them after this show. I'll actually go in there. You're going to be doing a lot of happiness after no man. You're going to be hopping up and down like a Mexican jumping bean and he's jumping up and down on his desk. Go in there and jump up and down on Joe Bell's desk. You're a salesman. You're a Christian Jones. Since you guys have so much in common being from the Carolinas, nothing will be fine. I go in there and pee all over his head and see how he likes it. Of course, being from Carolina, he might enjoy it. Does that what they do up there in Aintree? I'm telling you, man, if you want to see a movie that tells you there's two movies that would highly recommend it. Tell you what America's all about in these days in this year. In 2006, one is Southern, comfort and the other is the one who play the theme from right now, deliver and summary of the theme. Is it? It's regarded as type. So you like this? So we're to a theater near you. It's starting out as an innocent weekend, wrapped in crisp with the guys. Until. We should be in Josh's deliverance. Obviously, you did. You certainly saw that. Yes, you guys. Thank you. I'm coming to that. How can you not like that? It was great. We go. Especially like the part with Ned Bady running around like that. You know, getting spanked and raped it and stuff like that. Because you know what? Famous philosopher once told us. Do do do do do do. 21 till two we got the mad dog at two. They power out with a mad dog solo. Because he certainly don't want to work with that. And then Goli from the interest center between five and seven. A two hour buildup for a night. An exciting game between the Panthers and the Toronto make believe. The biggest name. So this talent to the faces. We are Rogers. Force radio 560. 32 seconds for whose gallery? A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a. The station that delivers. Please send me. To lab. Until liberating weekend. Oh, we can log. Turn it all by by winning video concert. That's a movie delivery. This is a few sign. We require that you listen to the radio all weekend log. There's a sign saying this. There's a great prize for your old loan. And don't enjoy Jeff. For a canoe trip or a canoe. Down the Kahu no Washington River. And the hood of the accommodate. You didn't get a ball and a treat. So you have to be a secret. There's a good drop there. I wish they'd arrived. The Panthers. For the most community with the crowd. Time to hear. And maybe the school show like a breakfast. That's good. That's good. The delivery is weekday. Not a weekday. But the station makes it your way. And that's good. And that's good. And that's good. Yeah. Where every break is a newscast. Wow. If you're not in there with a shotgun, blowin' holes in the ceiling. And those offices is afternoon. I'm gonna want no why. I don't wanna say it. But it's 10th. Good. Whatever you want. US privacy protections rank among the worst in the Democratic World. A London-based privacy organization said yesterday. Privacy international rank 306 nations around the globe of them, including all European Union nations and other major democracies. And determine that in categories such as enforcement of privacy laws. The US is on a part with countries like China, Russia and Malaysia. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Overall, the US was determined to be an extensive surveillance society. The second lowest rating in the study, which is available at privacy international's website. The survey identified Malaysia, China, and Russia's the world's lowest rank countries in terms of privacy. It ranked Germany and Canada as those that best protect the privacy of their citizens. How do you like that? The rankings have established for the first time, the most of the world's most economically advanced countries. And failed to protect the privacy rights of their citizens. While some of the newest enforced democracies have become the best protectors, the privacy international director Simon Davies, and announcing the report. A lot of these kid-to-bud Davies. This is damning evidence that privacy is being destroyed by the very nations that proclaim to respect our rights. He said, it's clear that there is a systematic failure, a systemic failure of legal mechanisms, to protect us against the emerging surveillance society. Those responsible for protecting our rights to fail to do so. Australia, Britain and the US have not only performed a businessmenly, but they are embracing surveillance at an alarming speed. Wouldn't Georgia well be proud, huh? Yeah. The rankings were based on the privacy and human rights report. A 1200 paid survey of privacy experts conducted by privacy international and the US based electronic privacy information said it has been published here in Cincinnati, 7. That study detailed numerous surveillance and privacy infringing activities by governments and corporations around the globe. This year for the first time, privacy international used their report to the international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international