Hey, everybody! I can't enjoy doing anything! I saw that I could enjoy doing things! I could do everything! I can't! I can't enjoy! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! Yeah, I can't! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy doing things! I can't enjoy all these things! I can't... I can't... I can't... I can't to anymore people... Hey, you know what I'm about to say? Well, I'm about to postpend my life. Baby, hey! I'm almost there! I can't! Hey, let me play with you! I'm going for a suit! I'm going for an act. And wait, wait, wait... And wait, wait... Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, please, no, no, oh, no, no, no, no, no, hey, hey, hey, Whoa! No, no, hey, hey, whoa, no, what's up? That's enough to Games Remeres. All right boys, people! The arrow's face. I see. Bums at police office in Moscow at least 21 things are going very well in Iraq. Oh, we're fine. I'm going to think about it. Do you believe any of that, the liberal comic pink pro propaganda about dead people and stuff like that? No such thing. Although the AP, the associate of press has two separate curve. I'm explosions kill at least 21 people are moving more than 50. By the way, bowl beyond the monitor. In Baghdad today, oh, I see. See, if you ask, maybe they might tell you. It's like asking about where the hell's competent park. And what's going on with the tourist draft for all of these things? You don't require me to mind what. Well, I don't understand because both are supposed to be on two to four tomorrow. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. No, I see. I'm looking at on the wrong day. You're absolutely correct. It's already on here, bow. Seven to ten. Got guilty to the four tomorrow. On the end, the center where the penthas seem to win every game. They beat Washington, last night, three to two, the cramplos. First, they beat them every time. That's what is it? 16 points against the cramplos. Yeah, that's embarrassing. So that's the only reason they're actually in that toy-off race. They're like five points behind Atlanta for the eighth and final spot. And have to climb over some other people too. Like Toronto and the Islanders. And the Montreal, but nevertheless, they just win just about every day. They're kicking ice. Any interest? No. Anybody here? No. Okay, just checking. Just checking to see if there was some change. In downtown Baghdad, a suicide bomber detonated vehicle at the entrance of a major cram zone. And one by the end, the two are in Tarada. Kelly, they're 16 people there, wounding more than 30. But third man. And another bomb outside of Sheet Maslamask. And they mostly mixed Sheet, two in neighborhood of Sherta and Southwest Baghdad. Kelly, six people wounded, twenty there. A shot of a war. Roadside bombs targeting police patrols also killed. Four people in Baghdad, at least one in the nearby city of something I can't pronounce. Police said, it doesn't about the wounded. So it is like murder and bloodshed. All these horrible things. But nobody seems to have conveyed that to your fearless leader. Who just continues, but I mean, but I've got to go for the brave one like that. Clown and around. He's the highest clown. Here's the result. The yesterday's poll, which of Niels comments piss you off the most. 14 had with 64 vote. I'm by the way, my blood sugar was 78 this morning. I had a nice big, not that huge, but an ample size. My two answers of that. Greenfield Pasta yesterday with meat sauce that I made would like some slight black scallops and some nice ground beef that I cooked up in olive oil. You grow it yourself. You grow it yourself. You grow it yourself. And I did not grind it. I'm grinding my teeth a little bit, but not the ground beef. Anyway, I had a nice say. We've very satisfying and gratifying and it was fine. And I'm losing some weight and I'm a blood sugar expert. And of course, you know, why would any fat slob on I'm injured? They're blood sugar. Right. 1464 votes. My good, let's see. None of us comments because we have 1173. We stayed just over that 80% mark. Oh, man, you can breathe easy now. 80. 1%. It's coming to about politics, though. Piss me off the most 67. 4.5%. They're still in that whole bush business. It's coming to about blacks 54. How about that guy's saying Louis will get to that story? David Lennahann. Not a good idea to be called Condoleezza a cool non-radio. Okay, David, you idiot. Who would do such a thing? David Lennahann. He's fired it. Come as about blacks 54. His comments about religion 50. Come as about guns 46. Let's get some gun show spots on right away. Come as about colors 29. Where'd it help to that come from? Out of nowhere. Get out of here. His comments about Orthodox Jews only 18. His comments about Cubans 15. And that's because everybody knows whatever I say about Cubans is always true. And his comments about Rednex 12. Doce. Solument they doce. That's what the Rednex is. That's what the Rednex is saying right now. Doce. In fact, most of the Rednex got a bad doce of something. Let's be kind of that. I don't know why I don't play this more often than I do. It's very popular drop in for some strange reason. There's no fact in the church. Right. Equipped with gummy bears. This is from the New York Daily News. Equipped with gummy bears, lubricant and gay porn. I mean what a nice combination that is. Gummy bears, lubricant and gay porn. A defract Pennsylvania priest was ready for his ex with a bobbin and said got busted by undercover cop police say. Thomas Bender. 72 of mcummy Pennsylvania. I never heard of that in my life. Do you ever hear that mcummy? No. Maybe it's mcungy. Was there any yesterday in first district court in Hemstead, Long Island. On five counts of first degree disseminating and visa material the reminder. And what kind of attempted committed criminal sexual act. Since September 2004 cops said he engaged in online conversations. The detective was posing as a teenager. During that year he was grooming the boy or boy he thought was a 14 year old boy. Said the detective Sergeant Lucy Gratziano of the NSW County Police. He was building relationship through trust. Gummy bears. I don't think 14 year olds want gummy bears. Do they? What are? Who does it? I don't know. I don't think I ever ate gummy bears. But here the conversation you made innocent with Bender asking the boy about family. His hobbies in his favorite candy. I just shut up and kept reading this news story. This very important information. But on October 2005 he began slipping sexual comments into his instant messages and emails. And soon asked to meet the boy, police said. On three separate occasions he scheduled meetings but cancelled because he feared his online body might be a cop. Gratziano said he finally left out his letter on his guard two day. When he agreed to meet at an undisclosed location in NSW County and fell into the trap set by the NSW County police. In his car, police found three packs of candy, gummy bears. Condoms, a camera, KY jelly and a case of vex beer. They also seized his laptop which had been used in the investigation to see if he turned any of the youngsters online. The text was also working with law enforcement and offensively in the Catholic Church which removed Bender from the priesthood after he was convicted of abusing a teenage boy in the 1980s. Bender's veil was sent at 200 grand or a bond or 100,000 cash. Well, that cannot be able to come up with that really easy. Just sell some of that porno collection. Yeah, I got it right here. No problem. And getting back to that guy and seeing Lewis David Lennahan. Talk to your host fired after on your racial slur. Wouldn't it be it? What a moron, you know? A radio personality at 550 KTRS. Now maybe we ought to send him the when he gets his next gig, send him the condolizer song. Sure, you can play that. We're going to play it. Radio personality at 550 KTRS and St. Lewis was fired on the spot this morning. Now this is yesterday's story yesterday morning after using the word cool on the air in a conversation about secretaries, Dave Caroleez, or Rice. David Lennahan with dismissed after what he called an inadvertent slip of the tongue. Right. Within 20 minutes station CEO Tim Dorsey, a polygized on the listeners and notes at Lennahan, but then with the station for less than two weeks was fired. I don't know what was in Mr. Lennahan's mind or as he said in the view I know what I heard. I know it was reprehensible. Reprehensible and absolutely unbelievable. Lennahan's comment was made during a discussion about Rice's credentials to become commissioner of the NFL. A topic as well, you know, wasn't Henry Kissner commissioner the soccer league or something like that, Josh? I had a good idea. We know nothing about soccer. You would know Henry Kissner if he came in there and started talking about the heavy airman accident. Kick the ball in the goal man. Yeah. In frequently. Lennahan's comment was made during a discussion about Rice's credentials to become commissioner of the NFL. Topic that's been fodder for sports talk radio since the current commission announced he'd be tirelessly to this year, Paul Tanya Bubu. Lennahan was listening what Rassets Rice could bring to the league, including her 10 years of top academic officer at Stanford University and the fact that she's African-American. She's just got a patent resume of somebody that's got serious skill in a hand set on the air. She loves football. She's African-American, which would be kind of a big cool, big cool. Oh my god. I'm totally totally totally sorry for that. Okay. I didn't mean that. That was just a slip of the tongue, when Henry had later said he meant to use the word cool, CEO UP. Lennahan said, doesn't don't have a dump button at KTRS. I wonder. I mean, some of us have dumped ourselves in more than one occasion as you were aware. Yes. I mean, when you talk in spontaneous, spontaneous, I mean, for hours every day, every now and then you might let bloods up now. I don't think that the big coolness is something. No. Reach the whole of the line of hand, say he was still trying to figure out what happened was drafting letter of apology to Rice. I was trying to say, quite a cool, but it came out cool, he said. I caught myself in a apologize. It wasn't anything I meant to say. I never used that word. No, I'm sure he doesn't. I can only imagine the one he uses frequently. I think she's a fantastic woman. He said, I was even taking talking about if she ran from prison, I'd work on her campaign. Yeah. They've got a lot of time to do that now. He said his biggest fear is that his choice of words, Tarnished images, St. Louis and the baseball team, which is a part owner of this station. Oh, of course, those, those good old Catholic St. Louis, man. Wow. Cardinals and then of course, KMO, very Catholic City St. Louis. I don't know what that's got to do with Condolese or is she Catholic? Do we know? I don't pay stuff. No. I don't know. It was my dream job. He said, and now then he said, ratings were going well. It kind of stinks. How did he's been there for less than two weeks? They're no ratings every week. How did he know ratings were going well? That's a lie. That is just garbage. Sounds like for real. It was my dream job. He said, yeah. Len Han would previously been with radio station TG and you as a new, which part of the recently was Shuffle Line of a KTR. Since half the station was acquired by the St. Louis Cardinals and he had a morning set head, a morning talk show. But now he's fired in. Let's then two weeks. Not a good start, David. How about selling used cars? Sounds like a hell of a good deal. Tell somebody I'm going to use the crackers from New Orleans if you could. Seven of them junkers. For guess a good idea? Sure. Sounds like right up his alley. Or kind of working ourselves the primary got a lot of losers. We specialize in losers. Boozers and losers. Six hundred twenty four votes are the days pool. We did this one years ago. I'm breaking back somebody oldy moldies in case you haven't noticed. Yes. I've been WCWA in which radio station you listen to the most in the course we had to add serious and exam and this and other ones. Like a lot of you are Swave, it'll cut a cone, which, uh, Crumbian, which we don't have any. I don't listen about the stations hundred twenty six twenty percent of our crowd. I don't listen about the stations. Thank God. Sirius ninety one. That could be Howard could it. WI and Z sixty four. Waxy seven ninety the ticket only fifty seven. See that's because that's our audience. Not not to sports audience our audience. They're like in fourth sports spot here. XM 54. WI would be 44. Big 34. It must be the Ron and Paul crowd. Magic 31. That's the rookie ticky crowd. What's his name? It's been in the market hundred years. Ron, Saint John. Oh, that. WLRN sorry for the late edition. It was an oversight on my part twenty three. Because I don't never listen to what you do though. Right. Yes. Yes. And we say that with all apologies to our friends. The last minute. Right. That's all I listen to is the morning is. Hmm. How come you're so newsy? WKIS 19. The coast 16. 82 along the coast. WLVE love 12 12 sueds. Zeta 15. What is it really Zeta any more? Whatever it is now. Yeah. 10. I'm sorry. 10 votes. See that I should have changed. What is it? Make a Latin and proud. No, I thought WMGE was mega. See I should have changed some of these because this is the old pull from like four years ago. Or more. Well, Zeta they know what that is. 94 9. 10. WRM F9. WVLM 8. Boosh lead college radio like like us. Although not as embarrassing. Power 96 8 KPX 7 type or high. EDR 5. LL 104 TMI 4. Well, there is no more TMI. See. I screwed up that on this. We got by. Do you know what? Do you know what the call is. Well, you could be sure. You could look him up. Who could look him up? You could have. You could have. You could have. You could have something. Well, I didn't radio Swave. None in WMGE. Smigman on which I don't think that's any more either. Let's straighten out somebody's call. Let's make this over to Eriswig make the changes. So we know more foolish than you do. This is real Roger. See you. My ass. I'm sorry. Please. Blah, may pop a little boy. No. He started out a regular guy who joined the directorie. And made the ultimate sacrifice and brazen, Brazen, sailor, see. Rector, model, too. Amen. On all his wounds. On all the fun. On all the fun. On all the two. On all the same day. As time went by, his earthly means. Comfort man, his choice. He found a way to get relief. By all the reason. On all the boys. On all the two. Amen. On all the food. On all the fun. On all the fun. On all the two. On all the three. On all the same day. He was happy again. Till he got caught. By some shadow jail. Then the bad again. Say, everyone on. Then he did not go to jail. On all the two. Amen. On all the food. On all the fun. On all the cooks. On all the same day. They sent him to a three-Sweet tree where they jaded and fled and ran. It was you. Or if was me, they'd lock us up a throw-the-ees-away. On all the two. Yeah, we know 20 after 10 okay, here's the deal. I got the latest rating thing out here and we'll have to Turn it like trans post okay, there's many stations that it left off of there. We found or Eric found I should say a Boy Eric a current online list, but he wants to know what to do now. Do we reset the pole with these new findings or what? But he means by that. Oh, I see what you say. He doesn't know what to start all over again. How are we gonna get to a thousand if we do that? That is the question. That's $600 and 50 votes on every question. 60. No, don't do that. Yes. Mr Paul my plans like a Tessio said in the godfather I'll fetch this to you. Facts me one this list here. Well, I don't need your list because I got stations that we left off now Josh can add some of these on Correct? Yeah, W a m r r r o m o r w a m r got it Kind of we live on do we have hot on there? We don't even have hot 105 on here But this is a bad job by me. I you know, I pride myself in my pool work and this was not good This is because I took an old one from years ago and of course, you know things all happened in broadcasting How do I watch the whole Larry King show last night with Mike Wallace it was a good show. I can't believe it I just I came believe I watched the whole and I shouldn't even admit that on here. That's embarrassing And my favorite part of the show was when Larry turned a mic and said don't be frustrated That was good and my said No, no way and was good hot 105 W h q t got it We got it he's right a C m q Your people some of them will be a mark in that down. Do we have an EDR even on here? Oh, yeah, we do don't we I'm sure we got that huh? Yeah, we got it. It's got five votes Pardon us while we go through and re uh jigger the pool. I'm sorry. What you said did we got K. Yeah? Yeah, we got kiss got funny votes. Oh my Well, it's one of our people listen to kiss. I must be Joe Bell's crowd Wow, we thought it was gonna be swell with Joe Bell and now we're all going to well Let's see WSDJ. I don't even know what that is. It's another no speaking guys. I'm sure, but we want to get them all on there WSDJ got it got it WMIB now that's when we shouldn't let off Men in black W HDR now that's the one let's see. We got a change Eric. We got to change your one of them to HDR Which one is that now you should know this I got it here mainstream mainstream urban. It says right? No, that's EDR I'm looking at what what's the frequency? I'm looking for it on the list. HDR 93 one Miami rocket says well 93 one used to be New rock station used to be TMI that used to be the the dance TMI okay, so change W TMI to W HDR Eric please this list is incomplete, but it does have all the formats. I'm sending it to you anyway Will you listen me? I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't need it. Okay I mean if it's a station that's not even rated on here We're not going to put it on our pole for Christ's sakes and it will be other change You W TMI to W HDR because cost broadcasting did they lie to the public when they bought TMI Oh, we're never going to take the classical music off it in like about a month six months later We're out there went not that I care because classical music is for sues Let's see WQA remember that one The station that each your heart out W N G E it's already on there still I still exist. I have to change it. There's never any audience now. What is that radio smigma W M G A S T C That's a Spanish yeah, oh That's right. That's the one that they flipped over to esponu. That is correct. Oh, God What a disaster W R M A not to be confused with W AR R M or MR more not what are you on more? This is W O Romancia a R M A you got it our T O W R T O radio ritmo another no speaking it It's good. Do we have any English speed as speaking stations? No W Q B A la cubanísima how come we left that off of there? Huh, I don't you forgot you a Q I that's a radio mumbi a radio mumbi all the old Julios Listen to that W a Q I in fact the frequency on it is 790 no, I'm sorry that's 710 that's what GBS used to be sorry came all done house can do it Okay, it's fine. I think Let's see W avs going put that on there. It's just like I don't know what that is an mbm even for W mbm I guess sorry, let's put them all on there W avs W mbm And then of course W f t l which is that a 50 that your buddy pd letting was on for about five and it's until he became the regional Whatever for a cost broadcasting Orlando ways call me show So let's get W f t on there. That's where normal kit work for a couple of weeks W j n a Am I leaving you off well W k t over that on it so W w f e at radio f a What do you say it radio f a Sounds awfully no gay, you know So that's I think that's it does that cover it like a blanket Good enough for me. Well, what happened to a budzeta? We don't want to leave that on the resat it's not Z the normal what's the color is that abortion now? the 94 nine yeah W mg e oh that's what that is You've got to be kidding me ready your smegman So we've got a duplication there then we need to take Zeta how do we do that? Take it off there's no such thing Yeah, that's right take off Zeta and the ten boo falls the voter for that. I don't have to see they don't even know what the color is Our cuz we got mg on there mg e and close this year over to great job chief channel did again. That's their station right yeah God what a what a business man what a horrendous business I'm begging you people out there don't even ever visit a radio station even if even if you want a prize Which you probably will get it anyway, but if you want a prize since somebody else cinnamon a can To pick up the prize you don't want to see Carlos anyway Rednislation speaking of the radio business legislative said that would raise fines for a decent broadcast could put on hold be put on hold if Senator Ted Stevens gets his way now. This is a real right wing nasty by the way from Alaska He's on he's in that He is he's almost in the league with the Sam Brown back The Senate Congress they probably shower together the Senate Congress committee chairman wants to place a hold on pending legislation The see whether a new industry back education initiative protein technology to block offensive TV programming adequately addresses concerned about off-color content according to TV week while the latest television related would also indirectly mean an increase in fines for radio would be put on hold Then education campaign is just beginning. It's my hope that members of Congress are working on this legislation with us Will permit that campaign to run for a while to determine whether this education of the public reading will result in a better understanding I've had to protect children without legislation said Stevens while speaking at a conference falsified by the trade group Comptell according to TV week The campaign Stevens referred to as being launched within three months by TV broadcasts along with cable and satellite companies to inform consumers about technology Sessions of each imp that would block objectionable content Objectionable like anything that somebody's far-bistend don't like We are a was just the need for such legislation. I think after the market places works in Stevens He also right and I feel what you go too far and once again in the position that what we attempted to do is Unconstitutional and ruin the progress we are afraid to cheat yeah unconstitutional Like messing with our freedom of speech, okay you jackass you're right wing lunatic you You slime ball you scum on sir Rogers You For man Oh Yeah I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show I can't control the desert show Well, look at that, it seems that on the live Tyler website The story about Erasmid canceling their concerts Yeah, yeah, he's got issues Erasmid's got man's Steven Tyler will endure throat surgery The sweet fortune in the band cancel or main intro of bass on an North American tour Which he'd trick reports of writers And for the surgery we'll be tolerably unable to sing for two to three months The band has been touring since last October And support of their live CD DVD rock in the joint Their screen tour was supposed to last a link with 15 What it would have wrapped up in Sacramento, California Erasmid's already canceling, they're charging for fanski We fund for cancelled shows At all points of purchase Alives have it at the throat surgery You might as well get some little bass work done too Because as much as I love Erasmid's music He's looking more and more like I told you a couple weeks ago Like an old lady Then ever before, not that it's something new you're right But like a real old lady You know With a big mouth Happens better Of course we know a lot of old ladies with big mouth Oh my god Anyway, here's somebody who facks his and says it was an enjoyable show Meaning Larry King last night that I mentioned about her But Mike Wallace but it says isn't Chris Wallace yet he had the sun on Chris Wallace Part of the propaganda network of fox and Mike a little bit more liberal Well if you have to ask me that you weren't watching very closely Because they talked about that to fact that Chris works for fox And he's met the El President of Bush and she can his handy got the idea And Carl Robone, the Bush anywhere near Mike Wallace And the Mike said well he works for fox and it was a lot like that you know He was a good show Very rare but it was a show Spigna to the shows I didn't see it Shame on me Well I was watching Larry King You know old fart like me Larry needs me badly But young tongues like you know the Joshua South Park? Of course I did Oh excuse me It's like a religion force Excuse me what religion might that be self-parkism Isaac Hayes chef character got a two South Park send off last night Sendingly killed but Lauren does a jolly old guy who's brain's Wrist scrambled by the super adventure club The Fiddly disguise set there continued to show us feud with scientists and his tensed season From your on comedy central And they didn't actually they weren't going to repeat that one about in the closet I told you that yeah Joshua I'm somebody Kept seeing over and over now that's out again to go put on again It'll be back The soul singer was voiced the chef character in South Park since 1997 But left recently because what he called the animated shows religious intolerance and bigotry Founders Matt Stone I wonder what that guy say Lewis would have called the eyes of Hayes Huh? Chef Founders Matt Stone and tray Parker said Hayes excenteologists was mad That South Park mock a religion in episode last November We were on that time tells you episode was mysteriously pulled off the Airlines week amid published reports that actor Tom Cruise and other Scientologists you're fairie had used his talk to bury it a crew spokesman denied that Hayes didn't participate in making Wednesdays episode the characters lines appear to Be patched together two tapes of past dialogue appeared to be pale. I mean I heard that one clip And you have to be a moron not to realize that that was that was the idea That was part of the humor which these people are too dull To get it. Yeah, too stupid to slide on purpose of it like the ones right Chef repeatedly said he wanted to make sweet love to the South Park elementary school kids It seemed the super adventure club turned dismembered into a child molestus The children try to rescue chef but in the anti turns to head back to the super adventure club To leave falls off a bridge onto the rocks as burned stagged and mold by a mountain lion and bear then he apparently dies A lot of us don't agree with the choices the chef has made the last few days One of the children the ulogis is him and a funeral some of us feel hurt and confused that he seemed to turn his back on us But we can't let the events of the past few weeks take away the memories of how chef made a smile We should be mad at chef relieving us the ulogi concludes We should be mad at the fruity little club for scrambling his brains The door for Hayes return wasn't completely closed and the show is final seen members of the super adventure club try to revive chef It's not clear he's really dead. Now what was it about that Darth the chef starts chef? Yeah, we live in this life They were five and our new back is Darth chef Say like that and how come time made OJ so dark I black 5 6705 60 pound five 6705 Since it looks like that schedule day if we really are daring so boys on the marmorning. I see no Humper tomorrow Got guilty of two of the staff know as a wake of another panther victory three two they held on for your life against the crapples They got 69 points enough. We can say that Curtis no mad dog today either, but what's going on? What is going on? Curtis from a dog at hooter's derail for the 60 Marlins undecate that hour and then of course 705 demands and a metz Jupiter our submission is baseball Eddie K follows Marlins baseball to me. I'd like to follow that. Fate worse than dead. Okay, let's see how we're doing on this pool now that we got a nice job By the way, you're a 74 votes. Oh make that thousand easy See if we to start all over getting to messed up all my plans on the 1000 real club It will cost you a lot of money too Cost in both who bucks I don't listen about the stations. I'm 34. I'll thank you M. What are you radio station listen to most that's the question? No others one thirty four nineteen percent will god bless them In fact, I guarantee you right now No bless them for what could that'll do. Serious 105 are you cereal? W-I-N-Z 75 waxes 790 64 XM 60 They must like Martha Stewart. No who is it that's on XM? Maybe they just redneck. Oh, that's right. Oh, Prasana XM boy. You got a nose for Oprah. Doesn't take a big one. Notice smell that. W-I-O-D 48 big 41 magic 34 W-L-R-N 32. See thank God we put that on there Because they're so newsy, you know W-K-I-S-22 coast 16 gloves 94 12 the dirty dozen W-M-G-E 11 See now that never does fine. We swapped over that and I guess they figured out what that is W-R-M-F-10 W-L-N-N How's that possible power 96 nine K-P-X-8 K-P-X is right on V-M's ass E-D-R-6 Y-100 what is got only four. It's not our crowd teeny boppers W-H-D-R-4 And none, none yet for J-N-A-F-T-L-W-Vs W-A-B-S M-M I wonder what the B-M stands for in that station. R-R-U-M-V-W-A-K-E-N-W-Q-B-A, L-A-K-B-N-S-M-N, R-R-R-R-R-R-T-M-O-N. Well those people are going to be listening to you. R-R-R-R-R-M-C-N-N W-H-D-R is on there again. Is that on their twice? R-R to M-R-R to M-R-M-AR-T-L-R to M-R to believe that the artists have to find the true idea of the art that constitutes arts, that they have a deep co-aine between beating presented exhibition, Tommy is baby. That's why you ain't got enough of that good stuff. I'm not talking about that wacky weed. I'm talking more and more of the different kind of line. No, I say it, but it is. Oh, that was those kind of lines. 20 to 11 at 560WQMB. Oh, probably, don't say it. I had a good idea. WQA, that's a good idea. Who give them over? No, how are they? I'm not having a day to do whatever they did. Who was it of me? I've got unfinished business with that thing. I've got to know about Iraq. I stand before you now, with my previous statement, probably in hand. There ain't no national guard in Iraq. See, national guard? I mean, I don't know. I'm doing my thing here. I don't think I've got to do it in that court. There are two sticks. And I'll go ahead and ask. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, there was an idea. Oh, yeah. And another thing. Who's talk for? For no war in Iraq. And I'll go to the bankers, therefore, but your kind's in a pit helmet. Ah! Well, that's pit. It's a joy, isn't it? As in the pit. No, but it knows what I said anyway. But don't stop me now. I'm on fire, Dad. Like, scissor cats. Why, I'm the scissor. Okay. Now, I want to face it all, though. This new life of leisure, you ain't bad at it. Why, I love you. No, I'm not a hot rob, I'm skeletal women, but a pool. They ain't. They like my nice back. They've got a play in strip my job. But I want to tell you, these girls will click my turtle for Drake. I still got a hat. That's your wish I had me back. Well, not any other life. That right. Don't judge. You're like a city and I smelly dumb again. See? Well, do do do do do do. Exactly. 10. 45. You never know. Like a bad penny. You might come back to the scene of a slime. I have six, seven. We're going to take a few calls today or what? I'm thinking about it. Maybe one or two. Here's one. QAM Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm my college. You know that. I know some of your buddies like Joe's a guy. Joe's a guy. And people's a guy. I do. I do. I do. And one throw on and go. I'll be on his house. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. All right. Go with. Wow. That was good. That's one of P. Bullges boyfriend's. I'm going to go with. Yeah. That was really good. Like I said, let's take about 4,000 of those today. I'm going to move for it. Although I do have to leave. I got it. Let's slap the tape on because I got to leave about 11.15. I got a catch of plane to wood by him. Somebody QAM Hello. Oh, god. That was the all-time worst. When that week. Very weak. As you come close. That was the all-time worst fake anybody. That was like a fake human. Somebody QAM Hello. Hey Neil. I just wanted to comment on that. Blonde teacher who was molest from the kid. Yeah. Can't believe she's not getting any jail time. If there was a mail. Who did that to a female student. But he didn't even run this run a keyway. Right. He'd be on block right now. Lock them up and throw away the key. What if we live in? Right? Exactly. Well, I have them. That's a public. See, that's not just the system. That's a public. You know, if it's a young kid getting in on with some teachers, some hot teachers, especially Oh, yeah, you go boy, you go. You know, it's like that. That's right. But if it's their daughter, you know, or if it would have been a mail teacher. Right. So for the kid, they don't even kill him. Just right. Let's get a lunch mom. I mean, it's just they're all over the plane. Glad you understand. I do understand. That's the American if and way, man. That's right. Especially with their hot looking like dead right. That's right. She was. Hello. Hey, no. This is you. Have a bit with that chef guy. You just a play that or no. I was talking to salty balls. I don't got that no more. Oh, you don't have it here. But we haven't here. We're going to take a big hug. I don't want to play. I don't want to play. Salty balls. Don't insher. You know, I know. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, we wouldn't play that. There's nothing wrong with that. But in fact, I think it's fairly long. If you ask me, we didn't play like any other. Between. I love the inspired off. But I don't know about it. You know? I can't get always like bail out and midstream and dump it. Well, let's not go there. Okay. All right. We have to play. I mean, you already have my way in current agent anyway. That's before we knew that he was even a Scientologist. Well, like Stan said in the U.S. We'd like to remember the chef that was. Who did a little club screwed with his head? Right. And would those guys come out of the class that already or what? Come. And in fact, you know something that would be a great episode when it come later in the season. The open door and not only is John Colby and you're along with this guy, but chef is in there too. And our killer. It's a, oh no. Don't tell that. Her, he said it was all right. And I did not say that at all. I said you're going to get you a piece. Instead of was right. Yeah, that's what Mad Dog said. You're not even working there. Well, she was really a class. About our bond. Yeah. I have a sticker, but... I'm a little cheeeze. Excuse me, but I do really have that sticker. Okay, so that's enough. We got a lot of call that a con here today. They're like, so many of them out there. They're ready for action today. And I am too. WKOM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I was wondering if I could add WRGP to your poll. What is it? WRGP. What is that? It's a FAU student radio. FAU's got a student station. I'll be there. And now what kind of crap do they? I mean, what did they play? Um... I'm going to be there. But without all the crap. I see. Well, that says a lot. Okay. Thanks a lot. We'll get it right on. All right. Thanks. If I used that radio station, we got a car from FAU. How do you like that? I'm not really sure what that was. WRGP. Is that what they said? That's what I thought he said. WRGP or WRPP. I'm not really sure which one he said FRGP. I don't know what it was. 730 vote on the poll. We'll get to a thousand in Boy, Eric, almost messed up my whole life today. Wouldn't be the first time. One and the likes start all over again. Can you even imagine? This guy's skinny. Wasn't born. He has to be a little... He doesn't understand. You think after all this time he'd get it? It's an ego trip for us. We want to get a thousand votes. We don't care if the question is like paper or plastic. We don't care. We'll get a thousand votes and make such proud. Aren't you proud? No. You'd be proud of this call line nine. QAM eddy line. Hey, you know what I mean? Pretty good. I want to chance of getting those biggest style Squat machines on our bullet train. I told you. More online. Yeah, you were right. I know that. What's the last time we got a real call online nine? You know, we used to get like a new York member of that? Yeah. We had a few on there. I don't even give that number out. And rightfully so. WDQA and hello. Nail. Plus I don't know what it is. Yes, sir. Got a question for you. I'm a red story about a kid winning a poker tournament. A million bucks. A ten million. Yeah. He just 600,000 out of that. Right. Now, protectors, which is ridiculous. Now, I think you will ask this question so many times. But what's that? How do they do with that money for taxes? What would you be like that? Well, if you pay four and a thousand of attaches. I mean, and we're in a deficit and all that other good stuff. When you have an idea of the decision they do with your tax money and my tax money, they'd peat down the drain, baby. They're busy buying armaments to kill more people on a rack to sacrifice more more soldiers. That's what they're doing with it. What kind of a question is that? What do they do with a money? TN it. Right. Open up the fairer faucet, man. It is the peat away. It goes right to Halleberton. That's not where somewhere. Right. Right. The Chinese retirement fund. That's pocket. Right. Goes right into a Rumsfield's bird flu fund. Oh, God. I'm telling you, man. Even Jesse James would be a bird bird bird bird. I'm going to be a bird bird bird bird bird bird bird bird. This crowd even Bonnie and Claude wouldn't believe what's going on now. This is these are the Robin Hood and reverse actor that long time ago. These people are Robin Hood and reverse steal from the poor. Give to the rich. And how about some more tax cuts for the rich? I'll take it. See how that holds it for an attitude now. Because if you know how much I pay in taxes, you'd probably fall off the chair there right. But you got a pretty good idea probably. I'll tell you in the morning. Yeah, I got an idea. Well, it's a sickling. And I see we go on a tax protest. You drive first though. All right. I mean, in your case, they won't miss that. We'll be Josh thing we want to tax protest. Yeah. They must really be watching real close. How's that deal here is coming by the way? There is no deal. I see. Let's make a deal. Not. I want to speak of that. I didn't watch this show. I saw it was online. What do they call that show? That's a rip off dealer no deal. Now you talk about a really transparent rip off of let's make a deal. I mean, I saw the promo for that. That's all that is. How much a Matthew Holler is just a he's peeing all over the place. Could you assure Canadian boy, Matthew Holler? He's still alive by the way. What about the J. What's his name? What was his name? I keep asking that we don't know what it was. J. They got an instrument the prizes. You've never saw this make a deal? Yes, I'll let's make a deal. He's a bring the stuff on. He used to shut out those different, uh, Yeah, little tiny car tables here. That's right. Like TV traits with surprises. That's what they were. I guess it's a little budget show. J. Stewart. That's what it was. Well, I'm telling him. No condiments to all were fine. I didn't really believe the dance to what his dead. I mean, just I don't know. You know, really. Yeah. No, I'm serious. All the different people over the years. I like, uh, what was his name? Larry Knight, aka Larry Stein was his real name. That it worked with me in Calamazoo and in Sturgy's Michigan years and years ago in the 60s. He's dead. Ever that? He was the GPS very closely. And he's dead. He was young guy and I got a band stored. He was young guy. I couldn't have been like more than 40 40, uh, some, right? Right. Dead. Boy, boy, it's just a scary kind of a thing. And I didn't see why I was home. Brian Andrews was on. I'm one of the channels. They're a little Brian Andrews. Speaking of. Hey, man. WQAM Hello. Hello, Neil. You said the story reported earlier about the DJ was a cool. I mean, I mean, cool. Hey, I was wondering if I could touch your pole. Yeah. Yeah, but it would be the first time. Boy, boy, talk about out of control. Oh, yeah. Remember what station he's from? Probably across the street. Probably worse in sales over there. And by the way, you folks over there at the ticket. You ought to be, you ought to be kissing each other on the lifts. You ought to be so excited about what's going on with our sales department. I hate it. And see, what did I tell you? These guys were supposed to come in now. The new regime and they were going to clean up all the mess that Greg left behind and in screw-in and what was his name? Whatever it was. Or the Raymond Burr, Chris, Chris Raymond Burr. What was his name? Curtis. Guess what? You ain't seen nothing yet. Nothing but a mess. We can't get a straight answer. Have you seen the deaf mice lately? Speak and I was like, I don't care. Who you are? You fair. I saw yesterday he's not going to be in today. Oh, I said, why is that? I don't know. Something. We got an awful lot of that. We're not going to be in today's stuff going on this place. That's the thing that bugs me. And the way I look at it, if you're working like and getting paid especially at decent amount of cash, show up every single day. You don't say, I have my idea. Except me. Except when starts in the summertime. Well, I'm not that I'm counting the days of the week of the months. Other three months till that summer schedule, George. Then they will fear you. And then you'll be dangerous. I said, I don't know about it. Let's play chocolate salty balls until about four of the Saturday night. This is mere the right morning. I want to share my own. Don't go to the goal. It's 5.16. That's a transmitter off. You got there in my run. This is the new Roger show. This is your plane. Any questions? Can I? It goes. Wasn't right. Turn in his bank on the tree of that time. You're pushing us through the left and right again. All the brothers that's often saved. Better not talk about a rat. I've got a bad feeling call a roe will attack him a face and go towards you a face of a southern bed. I'll be sent for the left wing or so. My top secret mission or hand get home. Never mean that. Be chased and listen to. Raise our kids, other house and rest. Incoments at the one protest. And take garbage before they made that. And you'll kick, cowo. Where the left wingers so. It's another clock. The world's at 5.60 WQA and we got guilty at 2 o'clock. Now said. After posting the performance contracts of artists like Bruce Springsteen and Rolling Stones in You too, the smoking gun. As finally obtained the backstage demands of a real rock star. That's right. Below you find a copy of Ice President Vic Cheney's standard tour rider. The document is provided a hotels where a channel be bunking. And list how the Republican polls downtime sweet needs to be outfitted. While the vice president's request or pretty modest no extract, extract the abound and an end demands here, Cheney does like his suite at a company 68 degrees. And of course all the TVs need to be preset to Fox News channel. D-Camp coffee should be ready upon his arrival along with four cans of caffeine free diets fried. And when Cheney's traveling with his wife Lynn, the second family's sweet needs an additional two bottles of sparkling water. Mrs. Cheney's H2O should be either Callisto or Curiously Perrier, a favored beverage or French terrorism appeasers. The document prepared by the vice president's advanced team was obtained by the smoking gun effort was provided or hotel employee prior to what Cheney visited. When we asked Cheney's spokesperson, Jenny may feel about the documents records to gifts that hotels might leave it in the suite for the vice president. She told us she was unable to address the questions since she hadn't seen the downtime requirements rider. In fact, she asked for a copy, which we declined to provide. Our sources request we've blacked out the handwritten name and wasn't a VC phone number of a staffer as for notations regarding extra land specific newspapers in the caraf. It's unclear whether they were added by an advanced team staffer or hotel official. And here's the arm here it is. Queen or King size bed and a connectie room to the parlor. This would chair private Batroom all lights turned on, temperature set to 68 degrees. All TVs tuned to Fox News, please let the advance office know if it is set lighter cable TV. Microwave, coffee pot in the suite. Brude decaf prior to arrival. Continue for ice and the location where the ice makers located. The location where it's located. Bottle water for the six bottles. Diet caffeine free sprite for cans. I didn't even know they made caffeine free sprite did you. I think sprite is caffeine free. I don't know that's what I thought. Like seven up. Yeah, yeah. Sparkly water, Calestoga or periate bottles, if Mrs. Cheney's traveling with the vice president. Hotel restaurant menu, please also face the company the advance office. News paper is New York Times USA today Wall Street Journal and local paper. If the hotel would like to put a gift in the suite, please set the advance office no ASAP. Also, please make sure someone from the team or a super volunteer on radio is there to receive the motorcade upon arrival. Your vice president's in action. That's actually pretty modest considering what other people demand. Exactly. The higher we once went to the celebrity. The Fox News channel likes times 18 degrees. He's a happy camper and the restaurant menu so it can fill us fat face. And the marching that motorcade said were hard. Put a lot more stress on it hard. Other than WQA and what radio station do you listen to most is our poll question on neoacers.com 750 votes. 750. We'll make that 1000 away. Yes. You'll see. Have no doubt. I don't listen to any other station. 145 that's 19% 1.46. It's just it's zooming up there. 19.1% Syria 112. WINZ that's skirmair-h 84. YC790 that's the ticket 71. Breadcotex. XM64. WIOD 50. Oh my god. 50. We're talking rush. We're talking the Schmidt-Mister. What's that Jackass? Glenn Beck, Roundswood, Dreck. WBG-42. God of repoll and old Ron in it. WLRN37. Magic 34. Oh god. If they ever played good music, it could be a miracle. If they played the miracles, it would be great. WKIS-25. Kiss this. Coast 16. Love 13. Power 96. 12. WRNF11. WMGE. Aditya Smeagma 11. WVLN9. WKPF8. WHDR7. EBR6. How about WODR? The odor on your radio dial. Now what kind of name you write quadrivian? There's missing kids. What kind of name is that? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I've actually heard people name Purvis, but quadrivian? Yeah, it's Dr. Doberland. Who ran away? Y100. Let's see. EBR6. Y104. WQBL. I couldn't hear some of one. WRRNF11. WRNF11. WRNF11. WRNF11. WRGP. WFF8. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WFGP. WRNF11. WFGP. WFGPW. WFGP. KBLWP. WRHSW. WFGP. Y104. WFGP. WFGP. Ooops. Ooops. We've seen them very often. começayer. We've still got some people saying they're doing numbers and they're discussing to me. An evolved like a no. So there was no move on to thove in my mind. But nevertheless long-time ADP Core spotted us The long-time chief correspondent for the Associated Press and Vermont has been forced out of his job stunning the state's journalist politicians, Christopher Graff, 52, I want to face him to stiffy Graff. A writer who was in charge of the APs for Montvierro in Montpierro was told Monday, he no longer had a job, spirited. The move came after he put a partisan column on the wire, and his new agencies consolidate in some of its viewers across state lines. Mr. Graff, a 27-year-associated press employee in host of Vermont this week, I'd Vermont of the public TV for more than a decade. Said he couldn't discuss the matter because he had signed an on-the-sclerge agreement, but speaking of new, is article yesterday by losing his job, he said, it's a little like reading you a literary prematurely. Jack Stokes spoke to the AP in New York and confirmed that Mr. Graff is no longer with the company, and said the AP didn't discuss personnel issues. That's always the cop-out, you know? We would discuss personnel issues, especially when we screw people over. Candace Paige, longtime reporter for Memandaging Out of the Burlington Free Press, said, the phone lines were burning up around the state, he's a solid journalist that can't imagine why the AP would fire him. Emerson Lynn edited and published a recent album's message, and said one clue to Mr. Graff to purchase might have been the AP's having told him this month that it was inappropriate for him to be posted to column by Senator Patrick Lehi, Democratic Vermont on the wire. Mr. Lynn said that for the last two years, the AP had prepared a package of articles about sunshine week, in which media organizations advocate openness and government. Senator Lehi had written a column highly critical of the Bush administration on the matter for the American Society of Newspaper editors. The column said for example that the foundations are open government-oriented direct assault from the first family in the White House in modern times that has openly hostile the public's right to know. On March 8, Mr. Graff posted Mr. Lehi's column on an advanced wire that carries material that could be used at later date. He had attached an editor's note saying, Mr. Lehi was asked by the American Society of Newspaper editors, his thoughts on the status of the right to know for using sunshine week. The AP removed the column from the advanced wire within an hour and advised newspapers not to run it. There you go, you see. Then rather gets canned, the sky gets canned, that poor guy in San Luis gets canned. Just because he said that there was a bloodless cool when they stole the two elections. Everybody said a cool. That's right. There was a big fat bloodless cool. What is that, too? Oh, God, let them pigeons out there. WDQAN, hello. WDQAN. WDQAN. WDQAN. WDQAN. WDQAN. WDQAN. WDQAN. Have you ever heard of Billy Graham's speak? Have you ever heard of Billy Graham's speak? Is there a language? No. Is there a level of speak? No, like I was channel surfing last night and I just happened and listened to him for a couple minutes. I got scared, you know. So, because the way he speaks about what's going on in the world and everything is, it's I mean, believe it or not whether you like it or not, you're sure about a lot of influence. Now, you say on your show that you're AP, if you don't believe in God. Now, we know that because that might be your stick, but in your personal life, we don't know. And you're, let me say it again, there was this guy nothing to with stick, okay? I mean, the whole God idea such nonsense, man. It's like for little children, like Santa Claus. Nearby, you have to believe in something. Yeah. Yeah, believe in the dial tone and you're hearing what right now, no charge. You have to believe in something. What is that mean? You have to believe that you got to believe. You got to believe something. I believe in something. I believe in pasta with butter and salt. Yeah, I believe in any of the great, I believe in my dream field, pasta. My blood sugar was 78 this morning. I'm still alive. You got to believe in something. What kind of double talk was that? So you're talking about something. Oh, something. Christian brainwashing talk. Garbage in a garbage out. He just we're giving a big name. Speak to you with scary. Yeah, it's scary. All right. Thank you still live. It's scary enough to me. All those part of this in a glam. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 60, any Verizon. Oh, it's just stick. I'm just making it up because it's a very popular thing. To do the same as you. I don't believe in God. I'll select the popular say you're gay. Yeah, and that's even more popular. Yeah, WQAM. Hello. Christian. Hi, I'm Pally. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, when I got about the Howard's first show, when it's done, I got to hear it all over again. Yeah. All right. It's funny. Her. I have no idea. WQAM. Hello. Hello. I'm sure Howard reads a lot of bedtime stories on the show. Yes, sir. Hello? Yeah. Richard for Miami? Oh, here's Richard Miami. Hello. Oh, you see how Christian friends after you see you believe in God or not? This is really. Yeah. See that the Lord just smoked him. He just smoked him. Why can't he? You can eat for better. Better stare learning some phone technique. First of all, get a decent phone that works at the number one. Number two. I'll sign it in me like a verbal number two right there. Can you smell it? It smells like something. WQAM. Hello. That's fine. That's better. There. WQAM. Hello. This is Roger's teacher. Okay, sir. Mr. Paul. I appreciate you lighting the audience on your views over the past couple years. And despite what these people say, you don't need to have a stick. You could just get on there and talk what you want. That's why I'm listening. Let's have a stick. That's my philosophy and life. And you know, I have a question for you. I've been ordering your CDs over the past couple years. How do we find out what is on that about 30 man TV? Just going our website. It's got the list right there. Okay. And one more question. What are going to get the Mickey and I's just going to get this. Get this on your hand. Can't get it. Can't get it. Where can we get all these beds can? Subscribe to the college service that produced it. Okay. That'd be good idea. We'll cost you too much. Going to the grocery store. That's going to stop boy. Hey where do you go in this room? I'm going to see if they're carrying a boy. Where do you get these? Okay. Caramosa Jo Bell maybe help cut a copy for you. Call a part of the sales guy. He ain't doing much of anything else. Oh, God. Cut a copy. He'll burn one. In fact, that's probably what they're doing back there and not because they're sure not son or servicing anything. They're burn one. See you're missing out. Maybe that's how fat boy keeps his amphitheater up. 791 votes on our pool. We might that thousand. We'll have over about 850 money. We'll see. No sweat today. Right? No sweat. No sweat ski. No sweat suit. Dole isn't any other station 150. That's 19 percent more. Are we very proud of that? Are we proud? As neat as possible. Can we get only like reproduced those? This is a new Roger. Now the focus is the least five 16. Two. Go go go go go. This is G Gordon Liddy. And they don't come anywhere. This is the new Roger. Yes. This is Al Franken. Now I've been criticized for not knowing anything about radio. I'm contrary to such allegations. I have indeed pervades and services as you will now hear. My first gig as you call it was on WMCA. And we are the third gig. Come on. This is a rather long range. We'll talk about how you may find a new step in the air of means spinning a song called Even. Such a hard day. Yes, I could be such a car. So, I am 87 WAC degrees outside on your home. Almost good times WMCA. You're always on that full pong. Actually landed me a job on WABC. Unfortunately on the day of the 65 black guy. Help me, baby. Yes, I am. Here's the number one song. All of our students who are here to play New York. So, I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I hit the phone. It's the life that has been extinguished. Hello. Can I go? I'm crazy. Oh, I see. I have to, well, queue another record here. Okay. Here's a little number. I'm certain. We'll suffice. Let's see if I can hit the post-missile. Oh, thank you. I'm sorry. It wasn't until several years later that I hit the post again. Here's a song about the yoga. There was baby old, half a year old. What? I was so shocked. I see I do. I can do what I think was I can find my things or my numbers with me, the open. The shower, the mom and the girls. And my precision time that is as smooth. The towel is waders might feel. I have a chance of my style now with my. You know what? You see it, yeah. Ha ha ha. He's the best. Yes, he is. And what he does. And it's pretty weak. 11 18 is 5. 6. He's the WQAM. A great hit on the pole. To a piece of cake, man. We'll slide by that. That's how you even notice it. Just another slider. Well, here's the website you ought to take a look at. Make her spend it all.com. Those people who despise camping. Here's a bunch of excited. Oh, I'm going to wait in the water plain. Oh, brother. I heard about her peanuts. I told you, no, go on those cruise ships. Did that take that? Yes, we did. We'll get to that story eventually. I think I got in my pile all the way. Everybody's costly excursion. Oh, no, that's another one. This was a worse excursion. Don't go on those cruise ships unless you want to go like. Done and the avalanche. Anyways, called makerispeditall.com. And it shows the picture of a smiling. She looks like a horse's asset. Be asked me. Cool. I'm going to put everything on the line. I'm going to commit my legacy for my father. Ten meetings and everything that I have. A choice we're saying that. And then it says, make her spend it all. Tell Katherine Harris to you. What's sent and seats are not for sale. Donate now and help the fan senator Bill Nelson from Relatus Shopping Street until all your friends and scout a place where you can click and donate. It says, hey, check us out. We started with the goal of a thousand dollars. Blue passed that. Raised it to two grand. Blue passed that. And now have a five thousand dollar goal. Keep it up. Make her spend it all. We've raised thirty nine hundred and thirty six dollars and four cent toward a days goal of five thousand donate now. I like that. Make her spend it all all one more. You better spend it all. You love it. Send in a couple of bucks. She did. We are with our, uh, bogus fundraiser. How are we doing? Twenty-two. We got what? Twenty thousand five hundred fifteen. Well, that's not so bad. So we're over the top. That's right. My goal was twenty thousand. I told you that several days ago. Twenty thousand five fifteen. Lots and lots. And surgeon doctor killed dozens of wounded soldiers. By Patrick Cockburn and per coupe. When policemen soldiers and officials in per coupe were injured in an insertion. You, you choke it on lunch now. That's right. I have a firm ball. I see. What? Speaking of lunch. What's going on today? John the Baker. Really? Yeah. Oh, John the Baker. Be sure. My name when you go in there. It's a knee or graduate. They give it a half dozen garlic rolls. I'll tell you this. This sales group we got now. We got a group group going on back there because we sure got nothing to do with selling or servicing. And this thing with pop at a park. I'm going to tell you if they don't be surfers soon. I mean, they're money. They can do whatever they want. But it just, it just emblematic of what's been going on back there for a couple of years now. And they can keep changing people around and revolving door. Keep swinging and swinging. But there's nothing going on that I can see. Can you see it? See what? Any progress? I see this? Yeah. I'm sure you do. I'm seeing quite a number of spots and real ones on log today too. As opposed to the usual 80,000 trade outs. Well, not what's his name is going on after we're about those roll-by-smotches and all those cars, those Jaguars and stuff. I better not say that. When policemen told us that officials in per cucle were injured in in search of the tanks, arrived in emergency room with a hospital. They had hope their chances of surviving had gone up as doctors tended their wounds. In fact, many of the wounded were almost certain to die because one of the doctors that we public hospital was a member of an insurgent group. Pretending to treat the injured many killed 43 of them by stupidly administering lethal injections a police inquiry has revealed. He was called Dr. Lue. There's that Luei. Luei, Luei, Luei? How about you got back by the Kingsman? Come on, let's go. Sure. You got it. Luei, Luei, Luei, you can do it. We'll take a second. Luei, Luei, Luei, you can do it. We'll take a second. We'll take a second. I think a hundred different times, I believe. That was enough. What do you want to say to the beginning because you're pregnant and I'm just been a witness? I know it, either. It's a whistle. And you know what? Wippin' off is something like that. He was called Dr. Luei and when the terrorist failed a killer policemen or a soldier, he would finish them off. Colonel Iyaggarh Shikur, Abdullah Jaf. I see your Kirkuk Police, you've told the independent newspaper and Britain. He gave them a high dosage of medicine which increased their bleeding and they die from vuggaloss. Dr. Luei Luei carried out his murder campaign over an eight to nine months period police. He appeared to be a hardworking and assistant doctor who's selflessly made himself available for working any part of the hospital, which is the largest in Kirkuk. He was especially willing to assist in the emergency or malbed. With 272 soldiers policemen civilians killed and 1220 injured and inserted in the tax in Kirkuk in 2005, the doctors were rushed off their feet and glad of any help they could get. Nobody noticed how many patients were dying soon after being tended by the enthusiasm young calling. Their last words always were, I'm dying of the hair. But Dr. Luei was finally arrested only after the leader to the cell of which he belonged, named Malai Yesen, was captured and confessed. I was really shocked that a doctor and educated man should do such a thing as a Colonel Jaf. There you go, that article written by Patrick Kassumner. Coburn. Former AIDS-schools leader of Adel Castro, this is in a herald of am sure that everybody in their brothers all whipped up about Fidel. Oh, could I help you? Put your buddy Miguel. That's probably don't have time to be doing more on the fundraiser because the Miguel is busy researching the life story of Fidel and the full Hensio Batista on all of these Cuban guys of Cest, that he's the only guy in West Carolina like Cuban baseball cards. Speaking of baseball, how's my tickets coming? Do you see way peri yet? I had that. I bet you Josh knows something about that with the tickets. Yeah, I kept them all for myself. No, not I mean that. I'm just a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of an issue. I probably know, it's too early. No. Because the first game is when April 7th, home game. Yeah. Something like that. You'll get on like the day before. You can probably handle it right to my house. George will take him up. No problem. The problem. And then of course Miguel will like, you know, give me some of the dance and maybe go and answer to go in your insure pick all the good games. I'm just a host. A former AIDS for Hamgun News for a man that beamfield pasta. This is like a new life for me. I feel like I've been born again. Baby, forget that religion crap. Okay. Get you some low carb pasta. Those of you who love the pasta like I do. You would just change your life. I'm brown that ground meat in olive oil, olive olive. Cooking up my sauce with some nice sliced black olives in it. And then the secret is I take after I drain the two ounces of pasta after I cook at eight minutes after I drain it. In the bowl, I'm going to put it in. I have like sliced up some mozzarella cheese, you know, fresh mozzarella. Mm-hmm. Make it about half a dozen slices. I put that in there and toss it all in this spaghetti. And it melts into the pasta. You know, oh man, let me put on your sauce with your meat, my meat sauce or meatballs or whatever. Sauce in this little wine. Man. As part of Fidel and Raoul Castro's inner circle, Delphin Fernandez learned tidilating secrets, everything from why the Cuban leader incinerates his dirty underwear to his cravings for a pricey Spanish ham. Do you know he incinerates his dirty underwear? I do. Oh, Fidel's former golfer confirms to the heptyre secrets that Cuba experts have talked about for years how the brothers assembled dossiers and foreign businessmen who wanted to invest in Cuba for instance. It's Fernandez is knowledge about Fidel Castro's dirty laundry, though literally and figuratively that's made him a cost to Lebanon South Florida. No detail about the Castro brothers seems too small for sharing with the world at least in South Florida, a sickness and obsession. Fernandez's chief of bodyguards, Bienvenido, Chico Perez told him the Cuban leader has as underwear burned to fall any assassination class with chemicals during laundering. I never thought about that. That's even better than getting lightness to Garan fire with explosives. Over that one? I do. Still he thought it was like acid or something. So he should have done what's the groin he weaver did, like a bust in the half. So let it up, roll it up. Right, Markov the B. And he knows that L's Comprecia Sanfadec for Serano hands having been sent to Spain to bring $2500 worth of the Pata Negra delicacy back to Cuba. He knows well the Castro brothers, doctors and children, having vacation with them at the lavish ocean front homes on the island. So what does the man with said sensitive information do once he goes into exile? Why he gets a steady fun paid gig on a Spanish language TV show in Miami of course. After having been a bodyguard at international stars among them Antonio Bandatus. Fernandez, Chirubic Chattie and with the portfolio of sensitive photographs and memory filled with intimate cancer and morsels, arrived in Miami less than a year ago after living in his Spania for five years. But already he's got a spot on new TV show on WGA in Channel 41 in Miami. W. Jan. I was decided to take care of the people closest to Patelle so they don't like anything and no feel threatened by anything inside or outside Cuba when I tell about these things on TV people see me and I start making a name for myself he said. Former CIA analyst Brian Latelle, a senior researcher at UM's Institute for Cuban and Cuban American Studies, said this week he spent hours meeting with Fernandez, Miami, or this year for academic research. A lot of the stories he told me were fascinating and found were almost all of them to be highly credible, almost all of them. Got it? Got it. Fernandez paints Raul Castro who runs Cuba's armed forces and by extension much of its economy as more practical and family oriented than his older brother, Annalis's echoed by Latelle is book after Fidel. Raul likes to money he has a transition plan for Nanda, said Fidel doesn't. I think Raul would like to leave the economic transformation ultimately find a way to retire peacefully with this family with all the money he's stolen from the Cuban people over the years and taken out of the country. Fernandez said he carried suit cases of cash out of Cuba to the Castro brothers. The initial idea of Fidel was good but Tista was in a sassan for Nanda, said what happened was of course he took with the revolution was wrong and his dissolved in this unstoppable intatiable corruption without limits of vast lie. The people are in misery, Cuba's people have been enslaved as a team labor for foreign businessmen. Sound like I'd the U.S. to me now. Shoo, cheney and a bush, rumsel, the fourth rank. Sounds like I'll just stop. Old legmaist, but Fidel's burning his underwear and smoking a fat one. This is Newell Roger's Miss he's by so straight like he's. Come here is I'll show you my. I'm totally fine. I think just now go from then. I've been always the time.omic Things are happy. Sure that's Mine. Yeah, that's the only thing I've over there There's no big bullet in your head I don't want it here from close That he's restoring things How will we know it's the same as he has With them until my pussy I guess we're knowing the same as he has We're using Warmen's disease Make the world Number 33, 27, over we got Galdia to the San Fernando No, I'm mad dog, we got Curtis at Hooray's in Derral at 4 o'clock Marlins on DX6, 50 Marlins in a Met from Jupiter 705 Frecies in baseball, a big ratings bonus and then of course at a K After the exhibition is baseball Crimple to rack Warfeadward wins Democratic primary in Illinois Or some people say Illinois's That kind of Illinois's when I hear people say Illinois Or like Chicago Crimple to rack Warfeadward, land a Tammy Duckworth as he got a primary win over two Democratic challengers Or the chance to run a November for an open US Congress seat There's nothing like an open seat That's what tough always told me How's he doing by the way, is he? I don't care who you are, you fairly Duckworth is running in a hard land state of Illinois Is the most prominent and more than a dozen of rack Warfeadward wins running for orifice November's midterm general election The Chicago Tribune gave her a 43 and a half percent of the vote in two days primary With 96 percent of district three precincts reporting she with three points ahead of her closest rival Democrats, we make and we gain control of the Senate and the House in November Because of public anger over rack and scandals of heavy Republican Party Every coup today large number of rack veterans for election races across the US A US Army National Guard helicopter pilot and a rack Duckworth lost both legs when her aircraft was shot down November 2004 The Neophy Democratic politician was mother of his ties hoping to fill the seat of retiring Republican representative Henry's hide I remember Henry hide who was having a affair with a guy from Western and we were to guys the Americans life And lie to hold a woman and he wasn't married and stuff like that That's what we had that Henry hide Oh no, I never heard of it Nail his hide Anyway, a Neophy Democratic politician she has received numerous high profile endorsements Including one from former Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and retired general Wesley Clark was such an Each one held a deli sandwich What a jackass Wesley Clark any turn out to be a big disappointment We are such high hopes, huh? Have it the song high hopes or her thanks to not grab it you got it what year oh? I don't know 50 some old ancient from the movie with Grace Kelly Hi You don't got it no, oh come on Who old baby So yeah, that's what they always tell me I'll go then WQAM what radio station do listen to most we got 800 and 32 vote I totally we get a thousand like just falling off a cliff like those people in the Chile No problem I'm listening this like a what's his name there on guiding light. Well, that show is really gone in the tank. They're all gone All the people are gone. I don't listen to other stations 157 18.8 percent. It's kind of like QAM guiding light all everybody's gone Syria's 122 couldn't be Howard could it now? It's got to be Martha Stewart WYNZ 87 scare America and your girlfriend W is on Lou Damsa. He told me couple nights ago. I told you I don't watch Lou Dams anymore Waxy 790 the tickets 78. That's really great Those must be people listen to Joe Rose. I mean XM 50 60 it those people must listen to Joe Costello But that was the Lou Dams. You just don't know your girl Lou. In fact, the mic wall city like Lou Dams And I thought to myself he had George probably put him up to it. That's right WIO D53 WBG big 47 WLRN 45 Magic 37 kiss 37 WKIS 27 old home of Joe Bell It would like to have you back Joe Co 17 love 9414 radio smegma WM GE 13. I wish one is that what do they play? I don't know I got my list again which one? WM GE Miami Beach Spanity Oh, that's why nobody knows power 96 12 WRM F11 WVLM still got nine mic Rosenthal J. Roach Kavocic Robert Greeper Clarence by the way, Clarence probably won't be back to tomorrow right because they lost the last nice I'll be back tomorrow with that. I'll just intend to make sure that the check show them WKPX9 Type or high why 108 WHDR 7 that's what used to be Zator right? Okay, and from what I'm told really sucks WEDR 6 W AMR radio on Moore's got a pair WADS waves I believe that's like Haitian Dominican melodies QBA radio cubinistum on one how 105 only one settlement they own it's not our crowd man That's mostly white guys who want to be black WRGP only got that hardest working guy in the aflyjock. What's his name? Tom Joyter Oh god, if you can't beat him join her WJNA all these have none WFCL that's a 50 boy. That's one or I can't use to be on and that's the one at the bill or Rami's got on or with his point to share That was gonna knock rush right out of the market WM BM WAKUON radio Mambi radio hitmo is got none WRMA radio romance Yeah, he wouldn't lose Miguel records. They played it right none WMI B men in black non WF DJ none WCM Q non WSUA Colombian subversive radio none Radio swivey none Senior always tell me that all the all these people they're not they don't like us and they just obsessed with that other craft They're not listening right now. They're laying out I mean with a demographics that are the way they're changing and sounds louder rapidly It's a miracle that anybody who speaks English and we got any audience, you know So nobody wants to take that factor you heard of the ORIFact that's the ethnic factor in South Florida No speaking English I key that's that's why we got nothing left. Okay, like different where is I going to Denny's in like a hundred people trying to eat one of them. I'm other Hummer pies I'll they do have pretty good mother Humper pies. Hmm if you want to go to Denny's I don't tell that's the ring don't tell that's the ring About Denny's and then I'll have to play that What that is our answer that would be good Lanny's asked America with they won it and all you can eat breakfast More than just a lot of food and more a lot of choices Bacon pancakes and eggs anyway. I want them. I want sausages those all sausages that look like dog turds Yeah, the ones that always come start together. What is that? They don't want a warm-ended or a heat-lamb at some fast food place. I want a warm-ended or a heat-lamb at Lenny's I don't want a warm-ended or a heat-lamb at Lenny's. I want bacon really fatty and leaves them when you pick it up You should have drooped off your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of your mouth And I want to serve by a fat-suller waitress of the mustard so I haven't excuse the stiffer Hey, we're doing bench now Hey, don't want a stated line. I want a weight in line to get seated for a really long time They do that at Denny's, Lenny's, Lenny's America, there's a new all you can eat grand slam breakfast venue at Lenny's It's everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more of it at room temperature This is real Rogers This is 516 FASCIT FASCIT What's the problem also? The boy from the vehicle What's the problem? If you're a car driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2 The new law is in effect now, so click it or be shot Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism Terrorists tax such as mouth noise Perpings and fighting But be annoying you others So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot It's the law We like saying that the law The law The law 14th of June, a few end which ought to be against the longest place 560560 The law is in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place We are going to be in the right place No time can any of the hotel siftings Yes, I will tell you about how long that car was going to be on Yes, I will tell you about the test You are right yesterday When you nailed him Yes, I like him He is here He is here He has a nose for a nose 50670560 50680 50660 206 I'm the Overs in undergrad. WQAM, hello. You know, the undergrad is where you need to be, Reverend Fony, yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning, is this? Hey, this week's new times has a story on my Kurshut Channel 4, a reporter. Yeah. The story on the filing a complaint against another police officer. Now the audience, if you're out there and you have a problem with a police officer, we want to do all the different police stations and try to file a, or they sent somebody and they tried to file a complaint. And apparently the police didn't like it so they posted his name and address on their website. Right. Perp, for example, how the police are the biggest gangs there are. Okay, thanks for the good news. Thanks to the bulletin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 60 of the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. You're the guy who started WDQAM. Hello. I'm possessed. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello, who's this? Who you call? Neo Rogers. Speaking. Hey, Neo, how's it going? Okay, who's this? This is the guy who used to hate the known name lady. Here's a go. Whatever that means, okay? Everything's okay, man. Everything is fine. What do you got? Not just calling to say I still ain't going. Go back. Go away. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What do you got? Nothing. Nothing. We got nothing. Just say why would you expect anything after 30 years of nothing? You're right. Good point. I think he's got his thing around it. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Yes sir. Do you find for high school? If you go one decimal point to the lab, there's a comedy duo team on there. Oh yeah, I know. I hear they're going to be dead by the end of the week. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yeah. Let me speak to Neil. Speaking. Rire. I want to speak to the real deal, not so imposter. Yeah. Luckily, story. Neil. When do you want, pal? What do you got? I think you're the best. Oh, great. You got nothing. Just like I said. What a jackass. Okay. I think you're the worst. I think you're the worst. That's the expression that comes to mind when I think about you. But that's why I'm my 30th anniversary show back on the first and first and first. And right up so few calls, I've wanted out to be Joe Costello. So I'm going to go. Oh, God. Man. That was a good thinking by me because that would have been really fond of us four hours of Neil. You're the best. Okay. Great. Boring. Mnoteness. Tondrous. Say something. Okay. Say something. Haven't opinion expressed something. Can you do it? No. Just the age. They have a graphic change. I was thinking about one out in court and you got sick and croaked just in time for who I started at night on WS News, which was good fortune on my part. But I inherited his whole geriatric audience. And so there I was at night thinking it was going to change the world talking to people older than death. There. Did you? And it was the same thing. It was the same thing. Every night I wonder. Am I going to get any response? Can I talk about what my guest might be the same old crime? I'm a risk-fitting about two thirds of my time, bitching off the audience for their lack of any kind of response. Here it is thirty years later, same thing. But turn to man. Somebody QAN. Hello. Only now I don't waste my time bitching him out. QAN. But I inherited his whole geriatric record. QAN. So there I would say. Alan Courtney. Did you have a little? Yeah. All over again. WQAN. Hello. QAN. Yes sir. Hey. Hey. How have you heard about that Haitian Network for the Harold? They ran away with that cost. WQAN. Hello. Hey. Hey. Yes sir. Hey. Were you like a nerd and great school in the early last? No. You weren't at school, guys? No. You're doing a thing. Just if it's all. Just if it's all. Just if it's all. I'm a party ball. You're reading a book. I'm a beer ball. Yeah. Play with this. 567.056. You're talking about that reporter. Got fired or the DJ got fired for using the word. Yes. You should have stuck to that more traditional spook or dark. Okay. Great. 567. Oh, five. Great. No. It works very well. If he would have said it's a little bit faster. That would have worked. Right. Oh, god. You people are so dumb. And people like Carl radio talk shows man. Doer than saw us. Not most of them. All of them. All of them. Or you're insulting the caller. That's correct. I can't even imagine wasting my time calling it a radio talk show. But that's, you know, that's, uh, make, Not the 11 as they say. Yeah. It, it looked in steam. 875 votes. We'll get that 1000. No problem. And you notice it's all in the same area today. I was in the WQ and it's not going to work. Wasting your time. I'll give you a way in which radio station do you listen to the most. I don't listen to any other stations. 161.8.4%. Sirius 131. WYNZ skiramerican 95. Waxi 798. Like we story. X770. If there's anyone that's free. That's the one. Wild58. Big 50. Big deal. WLRN 47. Magic 38. WKWK27. Kisit. Coast 19. WLVE14. Radio smeg my MGE13. Power 9612. WRMF11. KPS10. Then single digits. The UN still nine. It had nine since we started the same. Oh, I know why they got nine is probably Robert Creeper voted. Three. Three. Times. That's what that is. 519. HDR7. WEDR6. MBM2. That's Haitian melodies for that guy that's obsessed. But I do a more to JNA1. Waves 1. QBA1. Hot 1. And none for the others. Including that FIU station to guy called it. I don't know why you wasted this time. Maybe for the embarrassment factor. Maybe he hates it there. Wouldn't blame him. WKWKWA. Hello. You're here. My name is Martin. How are you today? I'm great. How are you? I'm so good there. I'm doing fine. Thank you. I just want to make a brief comment on an article the other day. And you know, some criminal about the cop who was dating a woman and had it out for a husband. I've said that goes on a lot more than we expect. But some of the attitudes that he's caught right here. Really obvious. We're just living in an innaughty world. It's the fourth rank for sure. And my action pack that I'm heading out the door. I'll write. I'll give all to you. Great day, sir. Okay. He's got his face pack. He's on the way out to do all. Okay. Because the Nazis have taken over. I'll guess what. We're even a go pal. I'm going to go to Vermont where they are. What they fire newspaper reporters because they put a liberal column in the paper on AP. Maybe he put in a Germany Germany. He's already in it. He's already in it. Just just a time warp. That's all. Just a must ask has been changed. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. WDQAM. DIRD to be great. Hello. You're the first one. WD. Who's your daughter? WDQAM. Hello. What's going on with you? What's going on, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes. What about WDNA 88.9? Go away. Go away. Go away. Okay. Go play some jingles. Okay. Go play in traffic. Good. God. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hi. Hi. Hey. What's up, Neil? Speaking. Oh, Neil. Hey. I didn't know if you caught the article today in the Sunset and all about one of Bush's uncles property in the bottom. I think it's about 2 million bucks on the sale of a company that's doing a lot of business and I rack. I'll be damned. This is true. Another thing is there's a book out called Confessions of a economic, economic chipman. You know, hear it or that? No. It's basically the story on how all the US companies go into these countries. Start the pot in order to get to fix that contract funded by the world monetary fund. Just check those two things out. You find over and or think. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pa. I'll do that my spur time in between plunging it with buying. I'll do it. Why don't you do it? No, I don't want to do it. Do a little leg work. Let's have a water. There you go. Now you're catching on. I don't want it. I don't want it. That's more like it. I don't want it. 8009 votes in the next hour. We'll top our 1000 in Josh's safe. He can read easy for a second consecutive day. Thank you, God. Thank God. It's just going to get that full paycheck. Of course you already got it. I should be getting an extra because that episode was an online last night. I'm going to make that a check that's got all zeroes on it. Make sure that one's up front. Oh, you can get that a word then. You can have it all zero. The one is going to be on the back. It's going to be a middle digit. This is Neil Ross. This is Dick Jamie. I like to relax. I have a very magical and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Ross. I just want to learn how to do it. Okay. Okay. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Five, two, five. You'll see it's in the corner. Two and five. You'll see it's in the corner. Five, two, five. Two, three. Two, three. Two, three. Plus, now, I'm going to have a full paycheck. Oh, yes, we made it. Josh. But both will have this way. If two, three, five. Will you make real dying? Five, two, three. We've made it all. For such a long time. With the push that I have to balance my balls. I ask you what would this say for ten and on the jet. Break the river through the gates. Five, four. Two, five. Two, five. Two, five. Two, three. Two, five. Four. Two, five. You'll see it's in the free pass. So four, two, three. You'll see it's in the free pass. So four, two, three. Two, five. Two, five. Two, five. We will make new dying. Four, five. Two, five. Four, five. Four, nine. Klevin. Four. Five. Four. Four. Five. Four. Six. Four. Two, four. Many. Nine. Four. Three. Four. One. With chains short 전arily passed Finnady listening ICY Two two five eighteen one Two sixteen four four five five five five was just talking about ahead of Google, Bush's Uncle, Monkey's Uncle, but that's a smirking shimt uncle. And there it is. Thank you very much. You see there's a guy I didn't say, I don't want to. And by the way, I'm enjoying a little Swiss M in Tall Swiss cheese now. That's all good. I hear what you're looking for. I'm very important. That sounds good. I heard a food today. Oh John Baker. For your father. For your father. Well, that's where a dump is now. Try to massage them over there. Make sure and mention, Duff's name when you go to John Baker because you'll give you like a blank look. To match a mind, you have it as in garlic rolls with your meal. You can mention Duff's name. You get a blank look. They'll look you right in the eye and say, I don't care. Who you are. You're fairy. That's what they'll do. Anyway, as President Bush embarked on a new effort to show a public support for the war in Iraq. And I'll call those a cheap executive. It was collecting $2.7 million in cash and stock from the recent sale of a company that profited from the war. How unusual. Huh? Just like rummese girl in the bird flu thing. And who was it? Was it Cheney that had all the stock in the contracts and the subpro? It was rummese girl. Well, he's making some serious cash for a guy that's really a bunch of people killed. That's right. A report, he ain't no dummy that rummese. A report filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission. Showed that William H.T. Bush collected a little less than $1.9 million in cash. Plus stock bagged it more than 800,000, 2.7 million total. As a result of the sale of engineered support systems, the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission's company was linked to the U.S. technology of New Jersey. The $1.7 billion D.O. close January 31 both firms have extensive military contracts. A lot of money in that war business, I'll tell you that. The older Bush was a director of engineered support systems. Recent SEC filing show it was paid cash and the U.S. stock in exchange for shares and options. The obtained as a director. Missouri based ESSI sprints record growth prior to its purchase by the U.S. Both are expanded U.S. military contracts, many did supply courty U.S. in Iraq and Afghanistan, and an aggressive biopstrategy into other defense contractors. I like that. William Bush, 67 SEC five and show exercise options on 28 year old, and 48 years of ESSized stock January 18, 2005, about two months after the stock order was issued in six months before with the slowest, he collected about 450 grand in cash. Bush known that the president's family is Uncle Bucky. Oh God. To an ESSized board in 2007, almost before his nephew became president. The Bush uncle had the same Louis investment firm as younger brother, a former president George Herbert Walker Boosh, the client to comment yesterday. However, in any of you last year, the Bush uncle said he played no role in ESSized getting federal contracts. Does anybody believe that? No. Anybody buying that? Pylator, no change. So there you go. Thanks for calling that answer. Never would have seen it in a million years. Basically, because the Sun sent a website sucks. In fact, it sucks so bad that it's the only website where they go to print a story out. Everything just like stops. It just sits there for like a, maybe sometimes two-three minutes before this time's going to, maybe about credit as my thing to do with the Sun's salary. If it had to be, it's superstitious. Yeah, no, not just superstitious, just to realize that in the most waste it's time printing the soil. Even a hero prints out. Other than WQA, about radio station, you listen to the most we got nine hundred and ten votes, nine ten. I never heard of a station on nine ten. Did you? How can we call one nine ten? No. Anyway, I know this is one of the stations 18 and a half percent of this crowd of 169. God bless them. God bless America. Syria's 136. Howard sperm. Oh, I must be all the Lynn Sangles audience. WI and Z. Air America 100. That is scary. Why'd C790, the ticket 81? So I meant they would sent the o' no. Maxim 72, WI would D58, big 52. WLRN 51, but they're so newsy. Yeah. Although we do like that guy. He's okay. Send me a nice facts on my anniversary for last week, which is more than I can say for most of the people in the business. We're sure I did a nice thing. That was nice. He's a good guy. Capin' all. Capin' gown. Magic 40, WKAS 27 Kiss, Country Kiss, Johnny Dark still over there? Yes. You gotta be kidding me. He doesn't answer me any more, does he? No. Now is that, remember that day? Yeah. Never forget that as long as I live. One time we invited a man, we fed him in a whole deal when he was homeless in the out of a job, whatever after Cossborough casting stuck into him real good. And, yeah. And then all of a sudden, like about a month later, he shows up again. Oh, Johnny Darks have the front desk go on. Well, screw him. And even Carl said no thanks. That was surprising. All right. Let's see, Kiss 27, Coast 19, they're coasting over there. Love 14, Love 94. And even the same since Capri de Lest. The bird used to be on Estation 2, remember that? Right? He used to be the movie critic. WMGE13, WRMF12. Power 9612. I can't believe that. Only Punksless know that. They don't listen to us. CapX11. You still listen to that? CapX11. CapX11. I can't pick it up anymore. We'll talk about that. WMGE13. Oh, some of Robert voted again. While 110, HDR7, WMGE16. WMVM, Solamentate Dose. QBA2. W AMR. Radio Amor has got 2. The motor we listen to more we want to turn it off. JNA1, FTL1. Wow. Waves 1, HQT1, none. For W for our GP, that's FIU radio. Nobody, including the guy that called it in. He's too embarrassed. Radio Amor B, WAKUI-00, WRM. Radio HITMO. Rams with O. That's what they got. Radio Romance, MIV, FTJ, C.M. Q&A. S.U.A. mostly no speeding LAY stations have all got the big R crowd. That's fine with us. You know what I'm speaking LAYs? We don't want to know you. We don't want to talk to you. We don't want to smear you. We don't want to know you. Speaking LAYs. Right? Right. Okay. K.W.A.M. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. Hello. Hey, Neil. It's not the point. Yes, sir. It's not the answer. Hey. I got an idea. I want to throw by you. Yeah. How much longer are you guys going to be doing the Q.A.M.B.N. Promotions? About five minutes. Are we going to do that, no, Mo? Oh, okay. I was going to have to be opinion my address. Well, it was like, gosh, I was going to suggest you know, because sometimes you know, you guys would announce the whereabouts on the van. I'm the same day the thing would be going out. And for, you know, I'm thinking maybe you guys announced the whereabouts like a day or two in advance. If we have just six months ahead and put a marker on everybody's forehead, they still wouldn't go. Yeah. I don't want to cut the money loose, man. Or a bunch of cheap scates. Plus a lot of March. They don't have any, um, they don't have any extra cash because they still try to cover up their ass from mother hurricane, you know, to take a long time. I'm still a little suffer. I had a couple bucks for an old my pocket. I was kind of curious if the thing was going to be out the top next couple days. No, if you're going to take the cash, just drop it off. Yeah. Hey, can I do that? I mean, that's how I can still do send us another station and get the CD or a pop pot. Well, that's where my computer earned money. I like. Yeah. Okay. You see the picture of the thing, the CD. Okay. Break it up. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly. I've got a couple bucks burning holes pocket. Well, we need a lot more people like that. Yeah. It burns. You know, brother. If I had a million guys like that, yeah, got a couple of bucks. I'll take the two million. We'll see me no more. God. Maybe I'll get lucky if they didn't win the lottery last night. Some of you should walk one, eight and a half million. Cash. Thanks, free. Whoop. On the 649 lottery last night. What's me? I got the 10 bucks. It's been a hundred got 10 back. I can do better than that it would buy. Get only back to 10% investment. That lottery, man. It really sucks all the one here's good because you get all the money. And then that powerball thing. Remember a couple weeks ago. We thought it was like one guy, one eight hundred and fifty. How much was it? Three fifty. Definitely. That's for God. 250 million. And that's for God to be all them seventy eight. Who's it all worked together with some like, um, east hardware or somewhere. You remember that? Right. They put it in the alley. No, they were coal miners. Something like that. They were much of a, they were much of a, they were much of a, they were much of a, they were a, they were much of miners and the church was interested. 10 past noon at five, 60 WQAM. We got the guilty to a clock. He's going to be just on cloud nine because the panthers, one again, his panthers, one last night, three to two over the Washington crampitals. And they now got 69 points. Who would have ever believed it? They've won four and a row, seven out of eight. Their hot days. They're like a hot to Molly, man. Like a hot tater. Some sure he'll be talking about that, which means total two now. Then we got Curtis at the four clock for mad dog till six fifty at Hooters and to Rale. Marlins in the Amets. Follow that excitement and an 80 K after the baseball game. That's our wardering line up. No, hang tomorrow. We got Bow in the morning. Keep your name. A sack. More guilty again tomorrow. Well, I said he must be tight with Robert and I'm pleased to tie with a beast. Robert and Clarence. Oh, he's Jewish, honey. Oh, haha. There it is. What do you think about why he was on? That's the turn of mad dog he's back tomorrow. So that's what we got. The name Luxford is the best we got. We got no permanent person that two to full because what's the big rush? That's what Joe Bell says. What's the hurry? You know, we can do better than a one. So if we do a one five, I guess, then that says five or three. Very strange mentality. Strange and who the best known a QAM. Yeah. This is the day of the machine. A sweet and fun with having a piece. Just the guy that's usually the sister of the machine. The day of the machine. This is the day of the machine. This is the day of the machine. This is the day of the machine. That is Catholic Catholic Mary. All the doubt who went to me. She can't say that they see me. She's quiet inside of Larmumite. Look at my real blue bench and fool. Look at her nose. We can't go. We can go inside and bother all two. Sister Gene, the next machine. And two can learn all the things. You're not too off your feet. Like you hear her well and sick. I got a bad habit and jumped in Larmumite. I'm a good person. They are on. I know it sounds happy but I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm too late. Baby ball. Sister Gene, the sweetest love. I say, his bounce is done upon. That is that for 85. That's that love. It's really far. He is 13. The next machine. Jesus, 13. The next machine. The next machine. Jesus, 13. The next machine. Jesus, 13. The next machine. The next machine. He is 13. The next machine. Jesus, 13. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. And we know itKing ofziehen and last machine. The next machine. The next machine. The next machine. posterior zucchini. anterior zucchini. anterior zucchini. anterior zucchini.ORYANK. Ethereum value. activist. будут. 900 shortages. né tower. aqueles. Traveeilas passenger. A few times or money. Nice to meet you. This was in 2010. Beautiful Portuguese. He's well. He's a queen andladım. and clung and loaded and maybe dead. Santiago Chile, a buswerped to avoid an approaching truck entumbled 300 feet down the mountainside northern Chile, killing 12 American cruise ship passengers, US and Chile in the official said. It was a Jew group, I just got through reading that somewhere. I don't think they said it's art. They were old. Old Jews, very old. Probably from sunrise. Although it says here, they're not from Florida. The two surviving Americans were in stable condition. Two surviving, 12 dead, two survived not a good percentage. Two out of 14 is 14%. Two Chileans, the driver in the tour guide, also were hospitalized, said one Carlos Poy, a city health spokesman in the Pacific port city of Alica. The tourists were returning to celebrity cruise ship millennium from an excursion to Laucanaxial Park when the bus plunged off the rugged highway Wednesday near Alica, 250 miles north of Santiago. Poy said the bus which had a capacity of 16 was totally destroyed. They said the embassy was sending consular officers to Alica. The victims were all under 60s and 70s, I see. Old Jews, the Millennium was Dr. Nadica. The Miami-based cruise lines ship said that the ship will maintain their chill further notice. What's left of it? It's been scheduled for early today. I like that. The cruise lines said it was flying family members of it from Chile and sending a specialized systems team to the ship to help its guests and crew. When are you people going to get with it? Celebrity cruises by the way, which is owned by Miami-based World Caribbean cruises limited, said the private tour without a affiliate with the cruise line. Get them off the hook, you know what I'm saying? Celebrities been in the public eye because of the disappearance last July of past New George Smith before some are cruising the Mediterranean. They find his ass yet? No, not even any of them. In December, five Italian tourists were filled on the island of Medira when a Portuguese tour by a scrant, survivors said the driver was drunk. Now, always a good idea to hop on those cruise ships, man. God only knows what kind of swore you're going to encounter. But then again, spend a fortune, arm and forelegs. Even if you like, get to kill something. It might give you half your, or maybe give next cruise 60% discount. On your next one, right? On the next one, right? Oh, man. If they got a sense of humor or what? How's that pull coming? Well, I'm so glad you asked. We got 8.944. Oh, and this is going to be really tense to see if we can do it by one. You know, we have to keep, can't you keep saying it's like in, in track and field, you know? What? It's like they keep sitting the bar a little bit higher. Or a little bit higher. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or pull, pull, pull, right? No, in fact, if we're doing the pull, we'll see if we can hop over that thousand mark if I want to clock. We keep pushing the bar back a little bit. Making a little bit tougher and tougher and tougher until it's kind of like what the management does for all of us. Making a tough as humanly possible. It's the QM obstacle course. WQAM, hello. Hey, yes. On the pull. Hello. I'm listen. Yeah. On the pull. The VR is. Okay. The other station. Yes. And with the other side, it was 14% of two out of 14. That was the 2.8% survived. No. Yeah. 2 out of 14 is 2 out of 14 is 1.7. 1.7 this 14% and I'm scum. Get out of your advocates. Okay. Don't mess with me on math, Mr. But he said it was point. They, yeah, what's the point, schmuck? 14%. Am I right? Do the math. Are you going to make me get my calculator? 2 out of 14 is 1.7. If you've got to get a calculator to do 1.7. You don't know. Who's it? I don't know. I'm a wizard. I had 99 algebra 300 years ago back when I was in school. When I was a child, right? 400 years ago. I know worthless history. You know math. I know my math, Mr. That is cool. Don't mess with, I know my presence. I know my math. And I know my hardest racing, my hockey, my wood vine, nothing else. I don't know. I don't know my math. I don't know my hot young guy. Is that the net? I know nothing. What is it? I said I don't know my math or yours. I'm not good. I've seen a few good numbers. And I'm sure you have two. Yeah. I can not. I can not. Jack's just seen a few, but he just don't recognize him when he sees it. Even the women. Sure I do. 948. Oh, you're eating the lunch came from a John the Baker. All right, three of father for your FODDER for your father. Be sure and tell them that Neil sent you. If I get those three garlic rolls of John the Baker. Because otherwise, stuff is going to come in and cry tomorrow. Yeah. Grow up already. We'd have pleased my guide. What are you going to do about it? You fair. Right. And by the way, we nice to get like a straight story once in a while. You're right on that one, too. The other day, expecting a straight story on something from her. Wow, that is hysterical. Study shows bird flu virus infects the body too deeply, discreet easily. It's in there too deep. But that's not about the BGs. How deep is your flu? Yep. Scientists say they found a reason that bird flu isn't spread easily from person to person. The virus concentrates itself too deep in the respiratory tract. It's spewed out by coughing and sneezing. When it doubts, spew it out. There it is. DGs. They're holding that note, Arthur. You sure are holding it. Let's go to the other. I'm not holding it. Not most of them. Date. Let's see, who's more at Morris died over their head that bad burger and any guy that got an impacted fart? And then we had Andy give God a long time ago a little drug from a little bit. And he was like, who's life? Various life in who else? Various rhymes with... You're fairie. You're fairie. Robin. Robin would rob and that's right. Nice glasses by the way, Robin. He's the woman in silly ass. How are you? Yeah, he's the one with a teeth. No, no, Brits have any teeth. I know they're not Brits, but they might as well be. But the virus could change that behavior by genetic mutation, taking a step toward a police and a worldwide outprocovletal, break of lethal fluently stories man. This is a new essay today. They tell you why it's not going to happen. But it could do this. But it would be extra sad the new fighting doesn't indicate how likely such a pandemic is. They don't give us a number, like a 14% chance to out of 14. One, seven. The virus may also need other mutations to take off an human population. They said still a works of just a particular sign to watch for a new virus samples. Tell Gainesville danger to humans via freight, baby. Be panicky. How do you know the bed? Get your visc Queen, your duct tape, your powdered milk, and your tuna. Call up, what's your name? Jessica Simpson. So get you some tuna to see. Chicken. Yeah, I'd like to say. Not me. I know. The work reported in Thursday's issue of the urinal nature comes from the University of Wisconsin, Madison Verologist. You're sure hero. Kawahoka. With colleagues in Japan, similar results from erasmus medical center and rotted end to Evelyn's will be published online today by the journal Science. Similar results. More than 180 people have been known to be infected with the bird flu virus H5N1. Virtually all are believed to have caught up from infected poultry. Don't be petting no birds. Not anymore. But scientists have long warned that the virus which is prone to mutation could transform itself into a bird nest spreads easily from person to person that your in-culture of a pandemic or not been around 10 years. Ordinary flu viruses spread by infected person coughs or sneezes. Oh god, what an early Chinese people start doing the shocking it would by. I'm sneezing. Oh god. Read another direction. You idiot. For that to happen, the virus has to be perched in the right place to be ejected by cough or sneeze. The new works are jet that H5N1 by a has to be perched by contrast in effects humans too low in the respiratory tract for that to occur. Got it? It's flat out on there. It's low. It's my feeling mighty low. I guess you would be too if you had that crap. Don't be letting no pigeons in your house. I still think it over that. And air of an out and they're always out there in a patio. Making those cooling songs. They are the most annoying. I take back what I said about 10 million shooting. Your pigeons would be guns if Fennelay Park in spirit time years ago. Good job Ted. What do they process? Head. And a good head on the shoulders. 26 past noon at 5.60 WKM is the guilty warm-up show. We love the panthers. They would every day. Oh yeah, they're kicking ass. They're kicking some serious isle but they're at the macarina. You see, you're on QAM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck? Not, there's no national guard at no. The truth. The truth. The truth. I hear talking. In my heart now. Why I should get your blood. In my heart. The frustration. Someone else. Give me a hand. I'm pressured. I have no use. For a total stranger. Or a gift for a man. For a lot of stuff. That is a boom. With that able. Yes. We're meant for the past. I'm bigger than cry. No one knows how to die. The water's talking back. And with your neck. I faint directly to God. I'm a giant ball. I got paranoid. I don't even owe your smile. I'm just told my parents are different, so they're dying to be up to you. Maybe now she can recover,iser,аже. Spiral. Share your little hand as one of the special Yousters. Please, for a dirty好. I like to hold their chocolate or the hands I like to hold their chocolate or the hands I like to hold their chocolate or the hands I like to hold their chocolate or the hands I like to hold their hands They have to hold two bars every second 27 or 1 a QAM is we allow the DPSUS policies to be charged They are the ones who are not in charge This situation is no equal in American political history The DPSU is we allow the DPSU policy So you are reading an omgription Why has the United States been willing to set aside its own security in that of many of its allies in order to advance the interests of another state as staffers John Mirchheim, or the University of Chicago and Stephen Wawlady, John H. Kennedy School, or government at Harvard University The answer to the paper which is already stirring to baton academic circles and fury among pro-Israel groups is the influence of the pro-Israel lobby These groups include the American as a public affairs committee, A.PAC The conference of President of Major Jewish Organizations The Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs The Washington Institute for Near Eastern Policy and More recently Christian Zionist organizations hubm in Dread A short version of the study was published in the London Review of Books on Mark's 10th The author said that it was searching so strong that they doubt any West mainstream publication with dear publishing And he liked that Yeah, it's a right Based on sources that include, are you start with an anti-Somantic stuff again? Based on sources that include Israeli scholars in journalists International Human Rights Organizations and testimony from lobby itself and politicians that supported The study examines how the pro-Israel lobby built up its influence in Washington and says it's intimidation of the press Think takes an academia has led to a the sect of picture of Israel Since WWII, the US has channeled 140 billion dollars in support to Israel's most study which also challenges the notion that Israel's a crucial ally in the war on terror because its enemies are America's enemies Same as Israel and the US are united by a shared terrorist threat as the casual relationship backwards rather the US has a terrorist and problem in good part because it is so closely allied with Israel not the other way around the office argue In short, tweeting Israel as America's most important ally in the campaign against terrorism and assorted Middle East dictatorship both exaggerates issues and ability to help on these issues and mirrors the ways that Israel's policies make US efforts more difficult they said How's Israel's role in doing by the way? We'll see you in the other one According to the study, the Israeli-Proesville lobby groups have exploited the sensitiveities of major media outlets that have US politicians to campaign contributions to maintain their sympathy for Israel regardless of what it does in the region During a past annual conference earlier this month which attracted top US officials and congressional leaders the new Republican majority leader in the US House of Representatives, John Bainer, Bob never will allow anti-Israel legislation to come to the floor As the new House majority leader, I can assure you that under my leadership legislation that is anyway perceived as anti-Israel will not be considered in the House of Siddh Bainer The study also points to Washington's thoughts to part of Israel at the UN Since 1982, a US's vetoed 32 security council resolutions critical of Israel a number greater than the combined total of vetoes cast by all the other security council members and it is block Arab states efforts to but Israel's nuclear arsenal on the agenda of the IAEA At home the lobby is worked hard as to press its critics something the author say has not been good for democracy especially one now that claims to be promoting freedom in the Arab world Silence in skeptics by organizing blacklist and boycots or by suggesting that critics are anti-Semites violates the principle of open debate upon which democracy depends they be saying The study was immediately attacked by a number of pro-Israel organizations What a surprise The committee for accuracy and release reporting in America for example sit in a statement that it had many areas and that a student submitted such a paper would flank Elliott Angle, the Democratic Congressman from New York who just happens to be Jewish said the New York son really deserves the contempt of the American people and described it as the same old anti-Semitic anti-Semitic anti-Sign as dribble the son known for its pro-Israel stance public support of reactions to the study from a prominent white supremacist and from the Muslim brotherhood in Egypt as evidence that the others catered to extreme tastes and yaddi yaddi We fully recognize that the lobby would retaliate against his professor Mircham or Tolai expected the story we told in his piece What a plight of a sacrifice published What I surprise that we've come under attack by the lobby The paper notes that the pro-Israel lobby is also been bolstered by this fort of prominent and some would say extremist Christian evangelicals like Gary Bauer, no relation to pop of our Jerry Falwell, Ralph Ralf Reed and Pat Robertson as well as Congressman Dick Army and Tom Delay All of whom believe that Israel's rebirth is the full film of a biblical prophecy and supported its expansionist agenda Neo-conservative Gentile such as John Bolton, Robert Bartley, the former Wall Street Journal editor William Bennett, the former Secretary of Education Dean Karpackrick, former UN ambassador and the influential communist George Will also committed supporters of the Israel lobby The situation is deeply worrisome because the lobby's influence causes trouble on several front-says the study including possible increases in military danger that all state space including western Washington's European allies But nevertheless, there you go, sucking up heavy duty Lawyer's fall on motion to declare Lionel Tate in confident, girl Ellis Rue, but hey, Lionel, you got nothing to worry about, but I will see your side I guarantee you won't be in a Simon Order 67 years How's Ronnie Zamora doing? How's he doing? Just turn 100 Lionel Tate's attorney filed a motion yesterday asking for the team to be declared in confident based on the letter Tate sent to judge this week asking him to withdraw a guilty plea of a pizza delivery man. How about declaring his attorney incompetent? Tate, a convicted child killer, was once the youngest person in modern US history sent to life in prison, sent in the head reading, written letter to Robert County Circuit Judge Joel Lazarus, and he can prove he didn't commit the May 23 robbery. He ended the union wish to withdraw his no contest plea for filing probation. The team should be declared incompetent because he does not have sufficient pressure to build any consul with his lawyer, with a reasonable degree of rational understanding and has no rational as well as factual understanding of the proceedings against him. The fence attorney Ellis Ruben wrote in the motion file Wednesday and Barwick Circuit court. Ellis Ellis Ruben, I've been thinking the euro defense is really stinking. Tate had acknowledged that the March 1st guilty plea was in his best interest, but Rhode Lazarus without telling anyone Ruben said, based on that letter he doesn't understand what's going on. That's not rational conduct Ruben told the ANP. Let's have a hearing to see whether Lionel can think straight or not. Tate plea the guilty to the armed robbery in a minute that he had violated probation by possessing a gun during the crime, the piece of thief. You know there's nothing worse than a piece of thief. You know what I mean? Hey man, and look what happened in. Don't see him. Don't see him around no more. He's busy doing to fill in up there in the earth somewhere. A station that nobody ever heard of before and like a great Z.S. Fourth station. He's doing to fill in. Hope they don't wrap it too tight. 1240, 20 to 105, 60 W.D. Like a lot of our colors. They're not wrapped too tight either. How are we doing on the pool? Let's check. 970, full. We got 20 minutes to the top of the air. We can do that 1000 by one o'clock because we know we're going to do over 1000. That's a given. That's a give me. Is now with the sports nerd say, oh, this one's a give me. So you're out on your card? You're done? Yeah unless everybody just, it was everybody else goes out now. I did well in the beginning and then. Yeah. Fizzle loud. It's like sitting down a woodbind. It was 1000 on the first few minutes and then I give it all back another 1000. Good start. I'm happy in there. I wish I'd have to still live. I don't think I can win at all but I'm there. You're in the hunt. I'm in the hunt. Yeah. I don't have any kimi stuff. It's in the what? No. Hunt. H-U-N-T is in Howard. Howard. How's it? 19 till 1 a Q-A-N boy. You really are sick man. You are so sick. What are we going to do with this surrounds with sick? He put the P in sick. Feat 4 is gone mad. It's madness in March. All this month of beach 4. They just missed breaking their all time. Recorded in February and just to make up for it. They're going to break that record this month. Very March. Right now extended camp for F-150s. It's at beach 4. I was always 2. 49 on the month. It put only 9.95 down plus fees of the pro credit for it. 9 months. 9 months. 9 months in March. It means you must be mad enough to make a van to rebates and discounts about to $10,000 on all new and use the equals rating for your right now. Now, if you're not in the market for new carbonos, somebody who is sending them into beach 4 because if they take the rebury during this month, beach 4 will send you 2 on a box and cash just for sending their ass in and keep in mind again. The $200 will affect your friends. Press them won't tack it on because that money comes from their advertising budget. Don't miss out on this once your event. Beach 4 is madness in March going on right now. In the camp for F-150s, low is 249 a month. Discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and $200 in cash is for sending by a friend. So hurry and beach 4 you'll find 2 miles each to the Golden Glades. On once if you've heard speak and West is you high like guarantee it's an old brainer. You'll love your beach 4 to experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 16. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 8. 9. 8. 7. 8. 9. 8. 9. 7. 9. 6. 8. 8. 7. 8. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 6. 6. 6. 9. 9. 10. 8. 8. 7. 9. but never really attend classes just like not too smart is the situation we have. You think Raven about male athletes and wiser things and jacks raps is a little day? Hmm, just a little on the carry aside? Hmm, maybe stretch it out and have to see in a few tight but hmm, don't it, is it? We like women, we approve and do so. You hate this station and have final one show. You whether he and he when talk about girls. Hmm, it is a little bit. We eat. Okay. We've got two and three very lonely men with very small things we need to hear this. But you say next point today. Okay. We're going to do it. Before 47, that's a little preview of us coming up until a clock. Controversial Charlie Sheen's 911 movie begins to attract media tensions is raw story. This is coming to you, raw than raw story. What are you guys eating today, by the way, from a chicken Caesar salad? John the Baker. Yes? I had a sausage and pepper and a Caesar salad. And a sea of salt but no one's sloppy sausage, son? No? Not today. Fine, I'll. Well, it's kind of sloppy. How about some of them big garlic rolls? You need to wear an apron and gloves unless you want to take a shower afterwards. Yeah. I thought that was just a visit to the QMT room, you need an apron gloves. What about the garlic rolls? Oh, they're here. Yeah. I'm not a lady. I'm staying on the street now. Well, good for you. Not every seven votes on the pole. I'm bigger for you. I had a few. Now, but I'm probably about 30 men. And interview with Charlie Sheen is gaining some steam on Monday. Sheen scared the CBS it come to an half men. And the multiple Oscar winning film, Platoon, talk with G.C. and later, never see Alex Jones show, speaking of a loose change. And explain why he had trouble believing the official line of Instagram events by the Bush Administration and the 911 Commission. It's like they want to pigeonhole all of us in the conspiracy nut bags, but we're not debating things that are related to the UFOs bringing down the towers or building seven or the Pentagon. And so it feels like there are things in there that we're not to conspiracy theorists on the particular issue, said Sheen. It seems to me like 19 amateurs with box cutters taking over four commercial airlines and hitting 75% of their targets. That feels like a conspiracy theory. It's probably saying. See an end show based on I've played extended segments from the Sheen interview last night. Then follow up with an extended discussion on some of the unanswered questions with the producer of an National Geographic documentary on 911 and the meeting coordinator of 911Truth.org. I'm one of these people who believes that anyone who takes everything that's been spoonfed to us by the government from wherever about what happened on 911 is being naive. Show based on anchor AJ Hammer admitted during the broadcast. When I say this to people sometimes, they look at me like I'm kind of nuts and they go like, just like that, they go. Earlier when they drones complain of a mainstream media blackout on the Sheen interview. The spot a huge reaction amongst the alternative media to Charlie Sheen's comments on 911 and part due to a brief link on the Fudge Report which was mysteriously pulled after a few hours, a Richard Melon Schaeff must have been on a phone with Ms. Fudge. Newswires and entertainment outlets have actively sought to impose a blackout on the story, drones and Paul Joseph Watson wrote a prison planet. According to Jones and Watson, a major wire service interest in running an article, but Jeff Williams of the LA associated press office allegedly informed them, I know all about Charlie Sheen, I don't care what he says before cutting off the phone call. I know about him. The Sheen story ran at a few conservative websites on Wednesday including Human Events Online and Red State referring to Jones Radio Show as Left Wing or Liberal. Sheen's interview has started to become fodder for the gossip com, a seeer as that word again for your fodder. Today's edition of the New York Post contains a Page Six item on Sheen, though the De Famer and Online gossip site based in LA first wrote it up to today. Charlie Sheen has joined the 911 gone, Bakr's brigade reads the post, the right wing post that's roof at Murdoch, the two and a half men stargave a bizarre interview on the G.C. and Radio No.1 since first he minded Alex Jones show, which he suggested that the federal government was covering up what really happened in 911. Also today the Boston Harold another right wing a rag took no to the story and its inside track section, calling Sheen the estranged husband of the Needs Richards, who is better known for his affinity for prostitutes in gambling than his Homeland Security credentials. See it feels smear and smear or man airy time. What is he to? Many outlets may be shying away from the interview due to the fear being associated with the controversial Alex Jones, who is written extensively by a purported plot by several governments to compose a new world order. According to Wikipedia, Jones rejects being labeled a conspiracy theorist and prefers to be known as an independent investigative journalist. Let me say that I've been a fan of years for a long time, Sheen told Jones in the interview, I've been a fan of your documentaries. Your research is tireless and interesting because a lot of these guys just sort of look behind their notes and he starts to discover their inconsistencies, a lot of the claims they're making, which torpedoes the credibility of most of their substance, but would you that's not the case? Let me give a big kiss. Additional excerpts from Sheen interview taken from a transcript made by a human events online. A couple of paragraphs. There was a feeling he just didn't look any commercial like any commercial jetliner I've flown on any time in my life and then when the buildings came down later on that day I said to my brother, call me insane, but did it sort of look like these buildings came down a controlled demolition? Everybody's not familiar with the famous Andrew Card slice bush air whispered tell elementary school. He says that whole incident is problematic to me. It was broadcast three days in advance. His schedule was so conservatively, if that event was broadcast live, how many people in the state of Florida knew where he was at that specific point in time? If he was being informed, the second plane hit him, or was being attacked, isn't he been putting everyone in the immediate circle? I'd great risk. It seems to me upon the revelation of that news that the secret service would grab the person to remove him as if he were on fire from that room. Never thought about that, did you? No. Because strategies don't go together overnight for a major invasion, they're very well calculated and very well planned, at least in this government, and statement that Bush made following, what did you think when the first plane hit me, said he was watching it like everyone else? I guess that's one of the person being present. You can access the TV channels that don't exist in the known universe. Yeah, we're all watching it live, or we're in the first plane hit not. Right. Now, watching the fire, watching the aftermath and the aftermath of the birth, people came running in the studio and said, oh, I'll plan it to World Trade Center, we all turned it on. Because we were watching some filthy stuff. So there's Charlie Sheen, by the way, I would have watched loose change, but if that doesn't inspire you, nothing will. 991, we'll have that thousand by the top of the hour, Josh, you're safe again. You are safe. All right. Means you owe me a thousand dollars. 560, 750, 50, pound, five, 60, leave a rise in singular, rather than sign. In fact, if we get to a thousand by one of clock, all the votes we get to the one and two hours, Josh, who has me a dollar for each one. We got nine, many, four already. So you better get that raise. I'll say that you better start jumping up and down like Rumble's stills couldn't get in some action on our heel. I just, I don't understand it. I mean, it just ignore you now. It's because that's because you're associated with the show and you're not Jewish. Here's what's on your stand, okay? Yeah, nothing. There is no deal. Even money haul can't believe it. Let's go back to that again. Do you or no deal? And you're saying no deal. How about Rodio? We just had raw story. Yeah, he got that deal. You got to Rodio? I did. Some people like Rodio. Some people like Raw. I like the raw story. That's a damn good website, baby. We got a link to that on our our thing or not. Probably do. We better have. Better have on Eric, link to Raw story. I want to get a Gucci and Gucci and Gucci with you, but let's go. Now, when you're a very favorite website, along with the capital hill blue.com, it's a Thompson. And it was smart when you chimper. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, it's smart when you chimper. Yeah, it's smart when you chimper. It's definitely done. How many kill a m? What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. I guess they're saying they're Charlie Sheet's part of the, uh, co-mactor field, the F.A.C. The one? Yeah, I mean, the actor's killed. I can't believe it. F.A.C. Yeah. Yeah. What's the answer? I just want to give you a microchene of a radio schedule of serious, only every time it's up for them to see when you're on. Obviously. Punch on. And most of the time, I mean, I try to get into managed, but you know, when he gets into that, that's the more crap all for him. Yeah. But other than I'm in the juice, good. All right, Neil, love you. Thanks. OK, thanks. Well, there you go. OK, serious. The fact that the matter is, and again, we said what radio station I was in QA. I'm now serious the next time I'm in an organization, but it would have been really stupid if I wouldn't have put those on there. You know, I did some stupid things on his full, but I'm not that stupid. Cause Motop, me, one thing you don't want to be called stupid. That's right. 1,000, 1, you don't mind being called like, you know, other things. Like the pipe smoker and Gladison. What was it? Gladison, what? Ginger? Oh, ginger, ginger Rogers. Other than QA, and we got 1,000 on both Josh, man, you're going to be in the dodo by two o'clock. You're going to be in the minus column. I don't listen to any other station, 18 and a half percent of him 85 are Laurel Neorodges versus. Thank God for them. They'll God. They'll glue to it. Or maybe they'll go to the crystal radio. Sirius 147, Sirius is kicking asses all Howard. I'm sure. Or maybe Martha Stewart. Or maybe Elin Samuel's that Faghag. W.Y. and Z. Skirmerco, 109, W.C. 798. Naha. X.M. 78. George, Joe Costello, and the Who else? Opin Anthony. Oh, O'Pri and Anthony. That's right. That's screw over by Howard Stern. W.L.R.N. 563. W.Y.O.D.63. W.B. 58. Magic 43. Kist 31. And after that, the knock isn't in. This is Neorodges. The one to two, Alex. The president, late Tuesday striking back at his critics, both Democrats and Republicans, who charge the administration is dropping its guard by allowing an Arab company to manage six major U.S.C. for. Bush is growing his president's team. He's spot by thumb when it is under the surfer. What's the thing with a U.A.E. Controlling our poor team's breathing out of skung. He's hiding out of the ground. We're in control of the power of the poor. Every choice that he may face is an all of us take to you. The president, late Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Kist, we go down. There are lifestyles, but no one will. But should be fine? How much more can we have? We're done. We can't get no freedom. We're well-ghosted. We're all getting strong. What I think is in the term of a signal. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting strong. We're all getting rich. As a joke, when we're bored, we're flooding every day. hết if things are all in one line. In the past we had forgotten how much money was falling after we realised how much money was dead. That's what we were going to do. Sometimes, we all began, but as was a live point, this whole day we had a live, and when this started, we had a short imaginary release. We got a concept of economicpuénd paused. excerpts from the column by Matt Lowry, one time staffer or former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. The final comprehensive results of the poll weren't complete when this column was filed. Over 4,000 interviews been conducted high ever enough to render persuasively alarming news for the GOP, for example, in the popular states of Florida and Georgia, more respondents want to Democrats to control Congress next year than they do the Republicans, and Georgia and Florida. Bush, on both states in 2014, yet he now has higher disapproval ratings than approval ratings, and Georgia has disapproval rated protests fitting percent, and Florida's 55 percent, 55 percent would be 95 percent of any of you have got a brain. It gets worse for Republicans. To which we say, all right. Initial polling results seem to show that the disapproval of Washington Republicans have started translating the possible votes against you if he candidates to this fall in statewide races back home. Most of these are recently in which Republicans would expect a hold of obvious upper hands. Lowry blames Iraq. They simply simply truth about all this is that while most Americans are while about the Iraq venture, it's not something that dominates their lives and thoughts. More accurately, it wouldn't cause them dark dreams if the president would stop picking at this geopolitical scam on his face before it becomes a gaping wound. Oh, he's picking at it. The press is scoring at will, the quote to sports phrase, to set another one, George W. Bush is getting an assist on each of their goals. Every day, with each new speech your press conference on Iraq, he voluntarily digs himself deeper and deeper into a hole. The media simply reports on his dissent, soon he may dig himself through the other side of the globe and pull his party medicine Congress through with him, he's an only hope and prey. From his name out to God's butt. Oh, please. Yes. 567.0560. Let's take off. Furrier calls a Theo Furrier calls this hour. 567. We've arrived in Singular Rital Son. Let's build it up. Let's eat it up for guilty. Okay. So when he sits in the chair and he'll have a hot butt. Terence said he already does. Who are you? Who are you? What is it? I said hello, New Howard. Okay. Hey, listen, reference to last night, Shaq's gonna pay you bills. New, okay, great. Oh, so boring. We care about the NBA and Shaq and all the garbage like that. We should not hit them. 567.0560. Pound 560. Verizon, Singular Rital Son. The goal, all do we expect to pay it. Riley, who loves his show and has got enough brains to realize this is where it's at. Thanks a lot, Pat. It's where it's at. Come to the QAM, hello. Hey, New, what's your little buddy, sir? WDQAM, hello. QAM. Hey. Now. This accrues it fire off to make up. Somebody QAM, hello. New. Yes, sir. I should say I have no life. I went online and I found out no life. Yeah, I found out most working Saturday in New York. I plan on calling him and trying to have them melt down. Okay, good. Thank you. Good job. Good job. Two quick. Good. A finger that he was doing a really good. Do you off? Not too bad. 567.0560. Boy look at this fallen man. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. We tell our 14 minute delay catches up though. That one once they catch on. It will be in big trouble. 556. The Verizon Sinclair Wireless Lines. Your thoughts. Ha ha ha ha ha. Your thoughts. Yeah, we have a good one. W. That's your thoughts. Hey, if I were to have anything in the same thing. WQAM, hello. RQAM, yes. A. Okay, great. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm a bit of a young unit. I'm going to be over here on University and my meguards drive. You can get Josh to bring the promotional van over. Yeah, the van will be there in 10 minutes. Okay, no, so I just hang out. Just hang your head out to window. We'll find you. WQAM, hello. Hello. Meals. Yes. Um, did you know on March 28 on a MVC. There's a new show apparently that a still 100 is doing. And a TV show. Are you sure that I can't believe it. I'm going to be a view of a view of a boy definitely at the face for a day. Yeah. So, I don't know what you're not going to do. Yeah, it's boring. We don't care. 567. We don't care about Phil Henry. What's so ever? Okay. What's so ever? Total cell out, total phony. And you know, he had that really originally unique act that was really unique in original for real, stale. 567.0560. How's Margaret doing? 560. The Verizon singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Hi, look. It's meel. Speaking. Hi, meel. How's it going? Alright. Hey, listen. Have you seen the smartest men in the room about the Enron scandal? No. I suggest you check it out. I saw it in the blue me away. These guys and the bush. The bush is wearing cohorts. I mean, it's unbelievable. So, I can grab it. Okay. All grabbing. Alright, man. Thanks for your permission. How come we haven't heard about those energy meetings. Those secret energy meetings. I'll tell you how come we haven't because America likes us. We need to be a sub-serving and then have a cracker of a bunch of whims. That's why. How much of Kenny Boy was in those meetings? Kenny Boy lay that they used to be their good buddy. Kenny Boy that they never heard of before. Just like Jack Abramoff. Who's that? Who that? Yeah, never met him. Every single time. Who that? And a public is Bobby. You see, any. That's why they show us so beautiful. Because it really reflects, that's just Florida or South Florida. It reflects America. I mean, don't know. He ever heard it these days, but. Anyways, no one in the street and the venue. He's been talking about what he had to do. Many people say, that you can't get out of stuff today. And the hell is it there? Some of it's trying to do as Max is a 274 lecturer ja eine Boo or Mercedes-Begin Guerrilla is the president of much even. So we couldn't do that anymore. Thisgus. There is a lot of young people here. I'm mama old far here. Believe me old ancient and proud of it Old troll WQAM hello You know you're talking about cruise ships and I didn't hear you distorted the 15-year-old German girl That drunk I wanted a cruise ship someone right on over. Let's just put it over the rail She had you did not know when you're getting this out of the poor yet She did what she did that's out she was buying She was just home and the bus of course on the cruise ship And she had to take all of the rail and saw off and it was there a sense it's happened a couple days ago I can do that again You could you understand what he was saying man? It was the much you saw in the room No, it was true. Go over to or maybe he was puking and maybe he threw up a little in his mouth I was trying to tell him that's so I wouldn't blame him. Sounds pretty gruesome WQAM hello Hello, New York. Yes, sir. How are you doing great? Still doing great? Oh great. Listen just to let you know Chris process. Listen to his right. Okay, go we're not we don't not interested But we hope that the two of you have a sweet time WQAM hello QAM Next great if they're still around oh yeah, they ought to be I would I'm certainly don't look as good as they used to but they're just as annoying QAM yes Good evening Yeah Another mushy phone. I don't want to talk to people with mushy phones. Okay. You got a bad phone stay away I mean with the technology that we got right now even on my blackberry I can make a better call and love you are making maybe these phones viewers Crap or this will have a swirl time So let's see how much is your only now? Well, I say $10 reach vote over 55550 bucks it's only one 10 all right. I'll pay you when I get that deal done you're gonna be broke Yeah when you saw that big deal man when normal can't get you to being deal done you know normal Who's oblivious oblivious Newton John oh brother I could have been a contender baby. I could have been a something in my life. I was watching at Mike Wallace thing last night Would the Larry King and I'm thinking thinking about that last lunch I had with Larry on a biscuit and voted a restaurant no longer there Biscay in a 125 I'll never forget that day. What I want to be ass artist? I talked to Bill Vines and you're gonna have the 7-10 IOD it's all said I'm about a right a man who bs his way to making millions and and still to this day never pay back any the people We're proud of dime Always faint nice as fenders older and a nice bag You know some Michael's hip wencing and wencing probably could smell that bag Slop over Mike Wallace is 88 here. Look at day over 90 you know and he's he's okay I showed some tips at the old interview. He did with people that he really pissed off. Oh, it was good Nice going Mike And then Chris some Chris who looks who looks uh You ever see Chris Wallace? No, he is the most bizarre man. He makes Gilbert looks like a Brad Pitt He's the most bizarre looking thing out He looks like the spaceship must have landed a long time ago 58 years to be exact He was the first one I crawled off Very strange. Maybe that's why he's unfox. It's a strange network for strange people The bride and she provided us an air-loved pink tater. They all have one thing in common They're all bad remakes starring Steve Martin Hey Hey, now Hollywood's biggest hack is back with a Steve Martin remake collection featuring classic films Rehashed as only Steve Martin can like gone with the wind frankly my dear A That's he driver are you talking to me Titanic By the Steve Martin remake collection today and then do as Steve Martin does and buy it again And again and again and again and again Oh, to base one 16 at five 60 W QA. I'm happy a Thursday to you Restaurant beef turns into a brawl A stop at the drive-thru turn ugly for a tempered pine stem. They just bought it some fries a little teach you people to meet in fries What if I told you about that quit eating them damn fries. Oh, they're good Not good for you. No kia Kevin Gillis didn't have it his way when he pulled into a burger king drive through the by some fries Kids Yargue with the clerk over the change things got hot the next thing Gillis new police said the clerk and time out of the drive-up window Sucker parts him in the face and lunches it his wife The tempered pine spot afforded the drive-thru lane with the fast food spot near i595 and University Drive and babysitter They have known ready to pay for two orders of fries for his daughters ages four six and seven They were greeted rudely by 18 year old Michael Perez according to Dana Gillis who was sitting in the truck with her husband the girl squeezed in between He stands to the five dollar bill for my husband's hands said Dana Gillis 38 Kevin Gillis wanted to give the employees some extra chains are going to get the bills back Perez said it's too late. I don't want your change said Dana The two nine what if she's kidding Dana vanish was that Dana back that a bashed The two men cursed at each other they were so loud a customer in the car behind Gillis said he heard the heated exchange police said Perez hired a few days earlier told police that Gillis and saw that him with a racial slur The Gillis is a sternible for me to get their food with Dana Gillis saw Perez six one hundred ninety two pounds Climbing up through the drive through window. I told my husband he's coming she said I got a line for that But we've been a little bit of joy. It's movilor Perez reached through the driver side window and punch Gillis in the face leaving a small cut police And Dana Gillis got out of the truck with the daughters and they said Perez lunged at her I thought he was gonna hit me and was gonna hurt she said Now he's gonna hit you, but wasn't gonna hurt Kevin Gillis jumped out of the truck and tackled Perez on the curb burger key employees called the police who arrested Perez It would charge with burglary and battery help her not find in the brown County jail. I like that I like I just didn't even give it their way, huh? They got it some way Now tank Carter has even more time to think about how much he enjoyed that superbowl party You know Tyrone tank Carter? No Oh, that's not the same person. He's the brother of Tyrone Carter How much in Josh knew that? I did not know a judge increased jail time from six months to five years For the brother of Stila safety Tyrone Carter because he failed to report to prison on time for driver when they revoked license suspended license Tank Carter went to the Superbowl and said he had no regrets He was to report to a brown County prison January the six but decided against it when his brother told him the seal is had a good chance It went to the Superbowl Even knowing what I know I would do it again. It was a greatest game in my life said Carter who watched the seal is BC L from the 50-yard line in Detroit February 5 and party was rapper Snoop Dogg after the game Tyrone Carter city would done the same thing for his brother The two have been close and growing up in a rough section of top-it-o beach and winning the Superbowl Met we finally made it together Tyrone said I'm Tuesday, Howard circuit judge Stantoness camp on up the jail time from a six months to five years So I'm glad I had a really good time because my brother finally might have some more really good time. You don't know That's right from top-it-o-beach know less wow how embarrassing That's where a pop-it-o park is Other than WQ I'm invited way if you see Troy Stratford just smack him up the side of the head real hard That was from Neil I will then really Why is that? Why's right? He was a football player. That's right. Yeah, but he used the soap Although he was together told us about the Dow body wash well, you know what that means gay 1000 and 48 votes on the poll I Know listen to what the stations one-it-o other than QM what music well what radio station you listen to the most damn music station Go listen to what the station is one-it-o two serious 158 not a station, but a radio W1z116 not a station, but a America Why's he seven-it-o the ticket 92 mm XM 79 W L R N 69 W I O D 65 that is Disconserting Must be some Nazi spies big 58 magic 45 kiss 34 coast 22 loves 94 14 I've been on stock on 14 forever and I should be they should be stuck Radio smagma W N G E 14 W R M F Rockin mother 13 W K P X 12 power out in 96 12 W V L 11. Oh boy. They're moving on up Y 1111 W H D R 9 E V R 7 body on more three W R GP and F I used got a pair. I'll ride W F C L 2 waves 2. I think that's Haitian W M D M D M M M 2. I think that's Haitian for that guy that's all whipped up into a frenzy Probably wrote around jittneys and got pissed off Don't get on there again, idiot W QBA like who beneath them I too W G N A 1 W hot one and that's it Radio mom B and radio widows and W R M A and W M I B and WSD J W C M Q and W S You wait a radio swave out of 1952 votes among the all of them Among and between the all of them that nothing Here's the square that one one it's back on my Fax machine back on my printer Maybe the Democrats are starting to grow like a little teeny tiny something a little bit August first little fuzz Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid called president Bush dangerously in company yesterday and said the administration ought to be doing more to prevent increasing Secretary of Violence in Iraq Whereas Condoleezer Rice wife and she over the Middle East is the chief different of this company should be trying to get the political forces to form a government over their retool the A and P Rice is currently in the Bahamas to meet with 14 foreign ministers in the Secretary General of the Caribbean community and common market a regional trade-block known as Kerakom Read said the US was staling three different ways in a rack military offensive lag the economy is crippled by the crystal production and frequent power outages and attempts to form an actual unity government Behind schedule he said Criticism of the presence been steadily increasing among Democrats in fellow Republicans while Bush poll members Continued a slide because of the war in Iraq the much criticized effort by an Arab company to oversee a rapper's opposite some U.S. Force And the government's response to Katrina many lawmakers trying to dismiss themselves from the president's congressional license draw closer Why is he spending time with these leaders in the Middle East trying to get to government form read said as he land based of the lame effort He described the conditions in Iraq as low grade civil war I don't know how you define civil war. He said we know they're killing an average of 50 Iraqis a day It's at least a low grade civil war. That's for sure. He said We've also responded to comments the president made Tuesday when he said a successor in the White House We're like maybe responsible for deciding when you as troops leave Iraq to me It shows how dangerously incumbent in the as read said stay the course mission accomplished bring them on the American people are sick and tired of that We need to change course and Iraq. I think the president burying his head in the sand is not gonna do the trick the ostrich president Here's a fact you just sent. Oh look at this. Yeah, well, there's more to it. That's just the first page. Oh My god. Yeah, woo We're coming up to the tenth anniversary of the death of she 103.5 so this poll should be an applause He'd say we've done this one we could do it again What radio station or format you missed the most a m and f m and p m and v n? Let this music I'm as radio Maybe someday we'll get back into it Now with his courage you might say it on you see, I'm again to give me a kick in the ass. I'll email like it Going from left to right on a m does start with Ken Ma up, Maldon, Modlan, Maldon and Larry Stein Knights and seven ten GBS Says why isn't Ken PD if you have much wrong with you people or he'll I know part that I'm sure He'd like to live a few more years 790 WFUN oh Do we have one m jingus? Oh, yeah WFUN The available 940 WI and Z with cousin brucey b four went to New York when the station was top 40 cousin brucey's Suf season idiot he's a real a whole and or when they were a some I decent all news for my thing balance with talk a night when you understand major with her he stuck with choice was mildly annoyingly entertaining choice Oh, I see he sucked joy. So I see with a Work it are their call letters this year they're back to WY and Z talk about a bunch of morons over their tube channel Maybe they'll recover another David Rosses out of there 1320 WLQ by Holly with the music of your life. Well, what is it? Oh God This goes on and on about Russ Morley. I know he's an idiot Our man I find a lot about him. He was a J&O This is from a radio groupie either radio groupie or a radio more likely a radio inside person TMI where is the music a party radio? Well, I'm not a lot of tell you about party radio by the way how long that would last at the stuff that Potent that the Euro pop tech what it was one dance on over and over again Yeah, the rude and An insedifier yet. Oh Well, I'll let it maybe we'll do that for again before you'll boy get a life already I have no idea if the audience could see the length of that fact in the verbiage in there on and on oh God So you want me to send you page two no No, thank you. In fact, thank you for saving another maple tree 1,058 votes on a pool. Let's see 880 bucks for Josh. Those bitches 91 30 This is a new Or yes these five thousand dollars and 1 Cadence Duoy You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. Hey, everybody. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You know, even the Deaf Maces said he'll be jealous of you. I don't think it ever starts. 132 28 before a girl they put a clock in the 24 revolving slot, here's a bastard says, you lost your two good movie yesterday, both of you are in intensive and interesting twist and climaxes or can't say that. Give a history of violence and the ice harvest look. I've seen a lot of good Dead previews in this stuff on history of violence. I want to see it. I'm gonna get it. It's okay You see I just saw it over this past weekend. Okay, but not great. It ain't great. Okay. Oh, well got a copy of it. No, no Well, why not? You know we keep bringing you all these movies. I'm telling you one thing the way not giving you the new deal. Yeah, who's we? Me and George You give me besides You know this sleepy one You know that one of the girls on the elbow word is one of the former members of the murmurs. I do know And I just looked throughout and the answer to the question is no, she's not cute. I know case show time But I've heard you say that you watch is she hot? No, he's the show good. There are lesbians Then it says in pink and sign tarfoon or is that tarp and tarfoon strings? I don't know tarfoon, or tampon whatever So don't see a history of violence sex. I I it's all right. It's not great, you know on a scale of 10 I give it a six We we sent you sweet. You give you some other movie that you watch what we give him that we forced him to watch that actually life Or he said we had it get movies all the time. What did you send? Well something that I sent you and then you write them Oh Whatever was maybe I didn't although we do have a thousand seventy four votes at seven hundred forty bucks I was thinking it no actually really ought to do it just endorsed the check and send it back to me next time I said one or better than I just won't send it but just accept it What are you gonna do about it? You're fairie here's John Nichols who have not only writes for the nation our regular basis But also is author of book called the rise and rise of Richard P. Cheney Unlocking the memories of the mysteries of the most powerful West President American history John Nichols He's excellent One of the best on the nation you read the nation? No, oh Well when you put the stories on there, you don't detect the nation quarter Who is the I check that I'll take the nation all right just just checking Time the softball question during two-day morning's press conference about whether he should be censured for ordering war Was wire-tapping a phone conversation during a time of war President Bush failed back on the lie that Americans must surrender liberties and the rule of law itself in order to be made to say from terrorism The question a virtually verbatim repeat of talking point circulated by the Republican National Committee was about his generous Instead of as the presence ever gotten in a press conference Thank you sir, began Carl Cameron who serves as Fox News as always unbended knee-teak correspondent in the court of King George On the subject of the terrorist surveillance program not to change the tone for all the sentences on bipartisanship But there have now been three sponsors to measure to measure to a measure to censor you for the implementation of that program The primary sponsor was findable to suggest that impeachment is now to the question and on Sunday the number two Democrat in the center Refuse to rule out that pending investigation What's your do you think the impact of the discussion of impeachment censure disk human the softest and to the nation during the time of war and in the context of the election? Bush was needless to say to ready for the Cameron inquiry Grabbing hold of the time of our references the life saber was intended to be the president said I think during these difficult times and they are difficult when war war the American people expected to be an honest and open debate Without needless partisanship, and that's how I view it I did notice that nobody from the Democrat party is actually stood up and call for getting rid of the terrorist surveillance program You know if that's what they believe if people in the party believe that they ought to stand up and say it The ought to stand up and say the tools we're using to protect the American people shouldn't be used The ought to take their message to the people and say vote for me. I promise we're not gonna have a terrorist surveillance program That's what they ought to be doing. That's part of what it opened and honest debate is Of course no prominent Democrat is ever suggested publicly ordered the extent that reporting is revealed privately They will be wise to do what it was surveillance programs that are designed to throw a terrorism What Democrats and Republicans have suggested is that the president ought to obey the law But ordering federal agencies to eat drop on U.S citizens. This is long by the way, so I'm just warning you in advance fight as fine gold the Democratic Center for Wisconsin raised these year essentially last week no real on Monday And his press conference today the president wants to get him failed to tell the American people why he decided to break the law by authorizing Program program to spy in Americans on American soil without court orders instead of offering any defensive programs Legality the president shamelessly paid partisan politics by implying that Democrats don't want to wire to have terrorists This is flat out wrong in the president knows it. Of course we should wire types suspected terrorists and on the court law We can the questions why the president believes he needs to break the law to do it If Bush had ignoves the legitimate bipartisan concerns about his buying program and if he had pledged to obey the law in the future It's doubtful that the issue of censure would have ever risen Bush knows this It despite his pronouncements Monday he's doing everything he can to prevent and open and honest debate by Merking things up with false charges and claims regarding his critics The prep president used Cameron's question is a jumping off point for an even more surreal assault on the truth When he attended a confused Americans with regard to the recent Patriot Act debate I did notice that at one point in time they didn't think the Patriot Act ought to be reauthorized They being at least a minority leader in the Senate he openly said his own to stand I don't want to miss code him Something along the lines that we killed the Patriot Act said Bush and if that's what the party believes that ago around the country Saying we shouldn't give the people on the front line of protecting us the tools necessary to do so That's it obey that things are country ought to have What the president conveniently failed to mention is that Senate minority leader Nevada's Harry Reid Vota with the vast majority of Senate Democrats is months reauthorized the Patriot Act in the form favored by the administration While reading the number of Republican senators had earlier expressed a port forever to temper some of the Patriots Most clearly unconstitutional components a felon line with the president when the votes were counted To their credit a bipartisan coalition of housing Senate members We feel to do Back the Patriot Act in that final version not because they want to take away the tools of five terrorism But because they believe he's did Benjamin Franklin that those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety Does there need the liberty nor safety Well, of course in a cough rope and honest debate that was really a carefully choreographed attempt to create a false divide between supposedly tough on terror Republicans and supposedly soft on terror Democrats is the fact that some of the most conservative Republicans in Congress Including California representative Dana Dorebacher the chairman of the over-scient Investigations of committee on the House of the National Relations Committee and last Rep. Dan Young the third ranking Republican in the house Who services the key member of the House of the Committee on Homeland Security started with fine gold and Apposing the authorization of the Patriot Act in the form promoted by the Bush White House Arguing that there are enough laws already enacted on our books today that we don't need to create further laws that infringer upon the Constitutional rights of every Alaskan you're not said announcing his opposition to the Patriot Act I still feel the legislation was never fully thought out We rise to put together legislation that we thought would save cut us from another terrorist attack and the process We created a bill that I feel takes away our constitutional freedom over four years Have passed and there have only been a few essential elements added to this bill However overall this is to lay bad peace of legislation He unsaid Those are the words that a prominent member of the president's own party if George Bush was genuinely interested in the open and honest debate He would acknowledge that the issue is not whether Republicans are Democrats want to fight terrorism The issue is whether it's necessary to disregard the Constitution and that fight If Bush believes that his is the appropriate course then to paraphrase the president himself He ought to take that message to the people and say I promised that I won't be bothered by the bill rights That not as intense to create a false discourse would make George Bush a part of the open and honest debate He so disingenuously claims to desire to John Nichols. I score on John you go boy He's good. I'm not a good comms on the nation and you're not paying the attention to what you better get more involved with your nation Where you feed him loving nation You got to say it right too Like spelled with the S81 on the end. That's right S8 you win 185 we're gonna make 1100 votes by the top of the R and then Josh is gonna be in deep due to this Roger What's the do we're not a two a That's back it's all day I won't once they had before I We Every So this year it's great man with voice this high. Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm gonna press all the macho friends. Check out Rick's more inside to build the famous. Yeah, there ain't no one like that. My coach for it guys, and voices have some cracks in it. They were well here though. They have to have a lot of that. Yeah, stand up real close to the radio. It there was a lot of their music. Oh, stay focused. And that girl man, he's harder than my friend. Yeah, he's so one forty-six. He knew that was the first thing I played on this stage. Remember the first show? That's right. I don't know if there's any second floor. I already know that. Back to back. That was one. And the other one was. I think there's a lot of that. I think there's a lot of that. Oh, that's left. That one was perfect. And for AM that was quite a game. Are you sure? Contractive, or insane. Anyway, don't have time for the whole thing. Because I wanted to talk about a bad movie. What's not really that bad? I told you I watched it before the last end of it. Uh-huh. American Hot Wax, the Allen Friedstory. Yeah. Freedom of DJ. They went to New York. That's right. Legendary. Invent of the phrase rock and roll. That's right. Well, I saw it almost from the beginning of the night. At least as much as I could take. I tried to watch that years ago when it first came out. Well, you know who was in it? Who was in it? Maybe this explains why you couldn't watch it. Friend, Russia, uh-huh. And a young J. Leno, right? No, this is much as I know how much I dislike J. Leno now. This is like 1978, so it's like almost 30 years ago. But third man. He was so annoying and he had a minor role in there. He played like one of the office monkeys there for free in the studio. He just annoys me, uh, J. Leno. I don't know about you. I just don't like him. I don't like him. And who else was in it? Lorraine Newman, uh-huh. And a bunch of other people. Let's see. It says on here. Also look out for Melanie Charloff. Can we say that? Most dryer and Brenda Russell, who else most dryer? I know the muslim man and who built muskouren and all that. Anyway, I don't see it. We give her copy to her Josh. I'm working on hot wax. Okay. I got some hot wax. He's a real great. In fact, I am DB gives it a 6.3. That's about it. That's generous. 111 votes on a pool. Man, oh man, you owe me some serious cash. Some shackles. 111. See you thought we'd be hard pressed to get to a thousand in you. No. Not really. Pretty easy pool. So I take a bunch of Mars Poles. We did this one before too. I'm bringing back some really old old Poles. Maybe I should read the list. Because I screwed up badly on this one today and left off LR and then screwed up somebody new. This is a problem when you bring back old E moldies. Now here's a pool that obviously I did. I do this one or you did. No, no, no, no. Which of these women were you most likely to see naked who you haven't seen naked already? Oh, that was me. Yeah. Yeah, I'm well. No kidding. Yeah. She was last you. And here's what we got on here. I added the Angelian jewelry because you left her off. She's been naked. Yes, she's so. She's naked right now. She's been naked more than once. Oh, oh, Oh. Oh, hey, quickly. So everybody has seen Angelian jewelry. Oh, excuse me. All the way. Yeah. I wanted to ask. Because I want for, like, some, you know, a matter of fact now that you reminded me I need to go to the bathroom real quick. Oh, really. Yeah. Britney Spears. Anna Cornoholya. Barbara and Jenna Bush. The Bush twins. Right. Nicky Cox. I got her love to you it. Foster who it. Who's in the crash by the way? Very minor risk. I'm gonna fill on the stairs. Could you explain? Oh, Shania Twain, Mark Twain. So here for Gera, Tower Bank, Sarah Michelle Giller. Facy Quintay, Jessica Alba, Folly Parton. Oh, come on. Jerry Ryan, Kristen Dunst, Christina Applegate, Barbara Eden, Faith Hill, Tiffany Amber Thesen, Julia Roberts, and we've seen Julia Roberts naked. No way. Nope. Charles, are you sure? On the expert. Okay. Heather Lockleer, Jennifer Aniston, Martina Hengas, Jules Asner, Ed Asner, Winona Ryder, Mitch Ryder, Gwen Stefani, Christina Agalera, Oh, oh, God. Talk about the moosey manners, the mousey chick. Since that poll, if she's a little bit slip out, that's still the little count. Oh, that doesn't count. Shakira, Jenny Gert, Mariah Carey, Lauren Holly, Melissa Joan Hart, Elizabeth Filarceky from Survivor, Cindy Margoa sounds very Jewish to me. Oh, Tony Brachston, Ali Landry, Kawatama Landry, are you still there? Beyonce Knowles, Vivica Fox, Vivica A Fox, excuse me. Need Campbell, Bridget Wilson, T. Alioni, Christine Brinkley, David Brinkley, Rebecca Gay Hart, Rebecca Gay Hart, and Ali Larder, Ali Larder, Ali Larder, Larder, ass? Okay, so now can we do that safely tomorrow? Is that we have a good one? I guess we're in Cincinnati. How about what's your name? She's, well, today's a good Simpson. How about Jessica Beale? Okay. How about Howard Beale? Put the Jessica's on there. Jessica and Beale. Simpson. Although Jessica Beale got naked in that one magazine. Kinda, kinda don't count. You know, it's like kind of pregnant. I'll show you the pictures after the show. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you're gonna show it to them huh? Jessica Simpson and Jessica Beale. Okay, I think we're good to go as they say in Ghost. I'll speak in a big and deep dodo. I've been saving this story. Bird droppings prompt Orlando warning signs. What I tell you about those pigeons, man? Kill them. He a bird kill it might have bird flu, man. Might be the end of the human race. Kill it. Signs warning of bird droppings were posted along a stretch in downtown Orlando this week. After cars, ventures, sidewalks, pines and even people are hit and covered with white bird waste according to a local channel six Orlando News report. That's what they're talking about Orlando is crap. The problem began when city workers removed cypress trees on bird island at Lake Eola in Orlando. The trees had to be removed because the bird droppings were polluting the water. Now, the birds have moved into the city and are covering anything in any one between Lake Eola and Central Avenue with droppings. You have to brace yourself for the smell downtown resident James Taylor said. It's really a bad sense. It's disgusting, absolutely disgusting. Like James Taylor. He's seen fire and rain, but never bird crap like this. I was walking the other day and got pood on walking under the trees or later resident Lisa round. She got pood. Somebody told me was good luck. Do you ever hear that? No. The white film takes the light post along Lake Eola. I'm pronouncing it well, I keep scrolling a differently in here. Now, it's Eola. This is bad. Was it a channel six Orlando website? They suck. Reporter Todd Jerkowski said it's on the sidewalks and on the plants and if you walk funnier it's on your pants. Officials said Orlando City Workers' Pressure Water is stretched to the sidewalk at least twice a week. Signed with the warning caution entering bird dropping area were posted to the eye in my life. I've seen caution entering panther area or whatever. You know, deer. Yeah. You ever seen caution entering bird dropping area? No. Today issue hats. Hard hats. Don't sit on the bench as unless you're very brave or as Jeff Miller said. Some people roll at the bird graphics bother them. Continue eat lunch around the droppings. Oh, geez. Based on what I saw in that chart, I got to believe there's no blank left in them. Where's it? I'm sorry. Oh, oh. In other words, they're not good. They're getting all out of their system. Federal law prohibits the bird nest in Orlando from being disturbed. Watch local six for more news on this story. In fact, I'm sure that I know what their motto is. It's channel six in Orlando. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time. And they're living up to it. I've heard of this. Is Neil Rogers. Ah, this is by 16. Okay. Reck-o. It's day old. And my every child. Here at five six. Oh, WQ. If anybody has a pain, y'all. They're taking crumbo away. We'll pay your name and two dustings down. And in the me of the state. Don't give them time to question. Just follow, undo a thing. Everybody's planning on. Pashes you with state. Whoop. If the act of victory is on, Get a watch of all of you. Everyone's not gonna say, So, watch what you're doing. This act is for me, John. I'm not your mind, man. It's for you, father and man, John. That's as you were saying. Get out of here, don't you? And sit and zip our roast. Be neat, everything we pay. And just take the run, you. That's one for the poor friend. Fill up your haste. Hey. A rogan-tainee for sparing you. Fashest to essay. We don't mind, do see our job, go. A bad economy's blue. We're passing name and buy chains, old. No need, no stupid fool. Welcome. All the world is filthy. The past is married in way. Oh, everybody's certain fashion. I asked you a way of day. Bye-bye. When it comes to sports. We think of the court. Okay. We'll show you by 60. Dilutee's human and by the 40-model is fair.