Last time Mark Burnell started a game and a playoff against the Florida team. They rang up 62 points against the top and the United States. They're starting to revive me. Well, I guess what, they're not playing the dolphin. No, they're playing the, uh, yuck in ears. Yeah. Well, Bucks are all right. Watchin' is pretty hot right now. Watchin' sucks. One five straight games. Let me see it again. And the dolphin's one six straight games. Yeah. What is that prove? Nothing except watching him was playing for a playoff spot. They had to win all five of those games where they wouldn't be in a playoff. So let me ask you, Jim Sterney's sleeping with the Evan Cohn? I haven't read Jim, sorry to make. Huh? I haven't read Jim, sorry. I'm pretty good at right now. If I could just print an extra time, which I'm trying to save my paper, frankly, back here. Stop! Come on! Geez. I'm told by other people that take ice pretty good. Yeah. I have never heard of him. Well, let me just read you what he says, Sarny, and then we'll get to very Jackass since it is Friday. Mm-hmm. I like his advice today. This is one of the rare times that we ever found something out before the guys that write in the newspaper. Very unusual, a QAM. Yeah. So your buddy Jim Sarny writes, By the way, Sarny ever had a good ball movement because he's got their really constipated look on his face in this picture. Maybe that'll get a new picture. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He looks like he has not a good VM in 20 years. Joe Bell is the new general manager. And everybody can go by the way, we hear Joe Bell's a great guy. That's what everybody says. We love you, Joe. Just leave me alone. What? Well, don't you be with that? Go ahead. I came a lot, and he likes us, and he leaves us alone. That's all we asked. And I didn't know anybody bothered telling me that the station is moving. Yeah. That would be great if I came back one day and I decided to go back to the place. I'll do a couple of shows this week from the station. I'll drive up to studio. Nothing there. I mentioned it this morning. Well, I don't have a chance to listen. I didn't know you didn't know that. I did not. Nobody. Nobody. I guess all of us important. I thought it was nice. With Joe Bell said to show you know, in front of everybody, got up. And he said that he thought that the three of us, you and me and and Jim Manitri outside the strongest line up. And he's going to push sales. Well, I'm going to tell you how to push someone right out the door. It's starting with Todd Dreck by the way. I could tell you story. I'll tell you off the years sometime. You did. It'll just make you flip your lid. This guy, you know, one of their favorite tricks is to like, you show off and there's something on the log that you never agreed to do in the first place. Oh. And he can't be bothered coming in and saying, well, is this cool with you? Is this you want to do this or, you know, and they just, they just put it on the log and hope that you'll, you know, and then if you don't want to do something else, they will, you're always preaching those thoughts like today. Today we have a going out of business law. I'm never seeing anything like it in my life. I'm still doing copy from November for one of the advertisers. Right. And the other always preaching it. I know you're turning stuff now. I almost never turned anything down. But one incident count that I absolutely despise and it would be like, ask me to do a live spot for a P and L, you know, it just isn't going to happen. It's not going to happen, Todd. You idiot. You fairer. Anyway, Joe Bell is new, Jim, Kignore for Greg Reid and Starnie says, hopefully ending the Mads Circus at the number one sports talk station. The Mads Circus. What's his area of opinion? The only stirring was on watch four minutes over the last two minutes early and in two minutes toward the end, an hour of shame or self promotion. What do you mean? What does that mean? The Mads Circus. It's a Mads Circus. It's a Mads Circus. It's a Mads Circus. Read will stay around us consultant. Bell is a Mads Circus or Mads Circus. Bell, why is he Jewish him, Sarnie? No. But what do you expect from a Goisha couple? Kim. Bell, the former GM had kissed and described as someone with a passion for sports. He's not a sports nerd, though. See, that's a difference. From what I'm hearing. He's not expected to mess with the solid line of things. Includes Hank Goldberg, Neil Rogers and Jim Mann is the only whole is a 2 p.m. or Howard David. Is expected to leave when his contract is spires, possibly placement. Evan Cohen, the bright young voice in 760 ESPN radio W.E.F.L. That this guy that's only writes about his own co-inies of Cess. I think he's got the hotseform. I don't know who Evan Cohen is. What does he mean when he says the only holes he's talking about, what we have on the year now? No, this hole. Backdome that hole. Yeah. No, he says the only hole is a work 2 p.m. or Howard David's expected to leave when his contract is in other words 2 to 4 is a hole. I get it. He didn't say we're trying to hole. You follow what I'm saying? I follow. Okay, now let's get to Barry. When you're probably already read this, didn't you? I read Barry. On the year? No. Well, let's say when there you go. Greg Reed, the general manager of W.E.T. who you pick in the Patriots Jacksonville game by the way. Patriots. Who you pick in against the dolphin? But this time they want to win. Yeah, well, this time they're going to play everybody. Oh, I would be good. That's a good idea. You think that the Patriots were the loss of the dolphins if they would have a fucking radio. It's 7. 7 at the end of a quarter. And the only reason that it was 7. 7 is because the flip tip intersection they were driving for a score there early in the game. They would like to wipe them off the field. They would have wiped their butt with the dolphins in that game. But nevertheless. Yeah. I forgot to mention you before we did this. And I do notice that Barry, one other thing for a little Barry today, he rips keep Jackson an ass and deservedly. So I just like he said, he says, Here he is. He says, he's a legendary. He keeps Jackson 77. Work possibly is finally introduced mixed feelings. He says this year felt frustration and compassion because I've received him on several. He was lost man. He was pathetic. He made a couple mistakes. No, no, he made a good. I enjoyed listening to keep Jackson. I always have until I came. He made the biggest mistake he made showing up. You know what? He's still better than most of them. Even with the mistakes. No, he was he had a horrible night. He was his man. But anyway, I know you were free. So you can't tell me that. You know, I know. You work free. We see. Greg read the general manager of QM since 1996 in power since 85 said Thursday. He's given up his jobs, but remain consultant for both their consultants. Boy, he's going to, how to lose your license in five minutes or less. He expects to help a group of LA and better purchase and operate radio stations and then lose their license. The number of UK IS general manager Joe Bell will replace we to QAM. Our result is the future of afternoon host Howard David who's contract inspires March 10th. I bet you didn't know they did yet. I just said March circle. I know. March first is my 30th anniversary and then March 10th is the well. David reiterated it's highly unlikely. He'll remain a QAM. Now here's one of the great lines that Barry's ever written. Coding and Mo. He says we had agreed Greg was going to give me a proposal to renew my contract or leave early. But obviously his dog ate it. David said. He's like, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He's doggy and not a lot of Greg's. Greg talks a lot. But I'll be fine. I'll be fine. And that was the end of that. Well, it was an interesting gathering yesterday. Yeah. I wasn't here about it. That much happened. Greg had very little to say just that he was moving on and he was going to be around for a while as a consultant. And I guess the other thing that happened yesterday was that he's also now out at or has left our other station, you know, to want to up the hall. Yeah. Power. Right. So he will no longer be anything but a consultant there too. Because he went at the meeting yesterday said he was going to be with power for a while. But that that changed. Yeah, that didn't realize. You're out, Greg. Remember that line in the Godfather? Michael says, you're out of town. Yeah. Maybe I could help. You're out of town. You're out, Greg. Well, it was a nice Joe got up and talked and he was very gracious towards us. Yeah. And I have a sense that the sales department is going to get a little bit of a kid. Well, shake up and don't we try to say? I'm going to know about shake up, but it's going to be a big emphasis on the big blueberry end of a back there and that sales office. Let's say that right now. There are some shenanigans going on back there and some stuff not going on. It's just scandalous. But, you know, when you come right down to it, like I said, the other day, I keep forgetting and you reminded me and you're right. You know, just to take my old advice, take the money to bank it. And then that's their problem. Yep. As long as the chefs keep clearing, that's all we got to worry about. Exactly. You were right. You were the one who said that to me. That is correct. So, they asked us to all this stand-up and, you know, and, uh, introduce ourselves to Joe and or Joe as for that and how long we've been there. Yeah. So, I said I'd been there. He asked you all to stand up and introduce yourselves. Yeah. So, he could see you all in here all our names and... Well, you mean to him? To him. Yeah. Oh, I see. I thought he meant to be together. Okay. Yeah, that too. And, uh, so I said the... I gave my name and said that I've been here 13 or 14 years of law scant, uh, not counting suspensions. Right. So, I've been slowly about five years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, that's it. He's, um, uh, he was a very enthusiastic guy. I think, you know, got a real passion for our business. He's, uh, said he's not a guy who's going to enter for a long time. Yeah. So, we'll see. Yeah. We'll see. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Oh, I don't want to count on me here. I mean, like, a lot. But you know, all the years have been on the year. And this time, yeah. Oh, I'm Miami. Thirty years. And let's see. Started with Sid Levine, your close personal friend. Yeah. I was in power. But yeah, I hate to break the news to you, but your father's an idiot. He was a disaster. Um, Stanley Cohen. You notice. Cron and Cron. Yeah. In fact. Look at that. Sid Levine. Dick Kasper was really my was Richard Rose. Right. Luke Cron. And I know we're still a Cron. All Jewish so far. Yeah. Then Tim Williams, who was the Ascental Law of the Honouric, the Winds and Real idiot. Oh, I have kids. Don't knock me on me. Yeah. Hey, by the way. All his kids are grown right now. So that's the longest. Oh, he's an idiot. Uh, let's see who that worked for after that. But, uh, Mike Disney. Yeah. Hey, Mike. He's the only guy who worked for a head of nose like WC fields. You know, he used to glow in the dark. And then, of course, Bob Green and I OD. Now, were you there when Bob Green came where you already gone? I was, uh, actually, I was gone about month after it Disney went. Oh, two and a half too much to be with Bob Green. Not Bob puts on a happy face to you. He's a backstage where we very careful with him. Uh, and in, uh, and in my, it feels like I'm leaving somebody out. Oh, and of course, the, the, a passion I OD, who is the GM there? Oh, Rhonda, think wolf. Do you know Rhonda think? And not very well. Who was the sales bitch and interned in the just a rail general bitch, her and PD Bolter with a passion. And then, of course, the Greg Reed last and definitely at least. I mean, last but not least. All I remember about her was that she dropped Suny Hirsch. Right from doing the, uh, Kane's games in the, oh, the way the way they, they killed him. And when the right came over here, I sure, I was thinking about Rhonda think wolf, Rottener Gray for what they did to Suny. Suny was a good guy. Yeah, he was a great guy. Yeah. And he was the signature voice of that program. Right. Oh, he knows Joseph Gackie. Oh, I'm sorry. So, so I came back when the right came over here. And I think you're pardoned? Suny was going to do the games here when the rights came back over here. Right. And he didn't make it. Didn't know I'd let to do it. And was he diabetic? Not. He had circulation problems. Like the Harold. Exactly. You know who I was diabetic and I didn't know it. And it was a very young guy. And what a, what a great guy to me, Bill Cosford man. What a, what a, just tremendous guy. He was a good guy. And he was a, what a tremendous critic he was. Yeah. And he would write about local stuff all the time. He was written about 10 columns on my show, which is even more to come on my, you m play by play, which I, to this day, remember that. Yeah. What a guy he would. He wrote a nice column about me once when I went to do non sports. Right. Did that show. I'll tell you one thing. Tom Zicker sure ain't no Bill Cosford. I'll tell you that right now. And Cosford wasn't even like the radio TV guy. He was like an entertainment critic. Yeah. Nevertheless, he at least he wrote about stuff that was going on in town. As opposed to all these puff pieces about the latest, the TV sitcom that sucks, you know. He was brilliant. And he was great. And I see the even the, the Bill Cosford theater. Yes, they did. That was nice. I had a, they got that the university Miami. You stabbing. In fact, I think back to all those guests that you still have on back in the days when I was born in the audience, he was one of the few that I really, I really met. It's who is a good guy. It was always entertaining. I like him. I like Carl Heisen. You're not a Heisen guy. No, he writes two good columns a year. I'll be honest with you. If I had a, I like Fred Grimm, better than Carl Heisen. At least Fred, about five, six times a year, where it's something worth reading, you know. I mean, Carl could be good. What's in the great while, where it really sensational column and say something for a fond and arrested time. He's writing about manatees and alligators. He writes a lot of books. Yeah. And I think his deal there is he doesn't write that often. No, is that it? Yeah. He's okay. He's no Tom Fiedler. That's what Gary Hart told me. Well, listen on that note, Tom, I'm sure, well, of course, I mean, this weekend. Is there any done? Uh, that'd be running. Carl stream tomorrow. Carl stream. You got all these games coming up this weekend. Play off the wall. I am going to say. Oh, my, yeah, I'm going to have a. You'll have action in the, and Tom, our morning, I'll be making my first return to you know, where early morning. Oh, good. Yeah. Sounds like a good weekend for us. He's expensive. A good, but expensive weekend. Well, let's hope it's profitable. I had a laugh. Did you ever get to read that column and hear all the Bowery? I read it on the yesterday about Gulf Stream and about the old. Diurving Goldberg column. Yeah. Yeah. That person who wrote that article had no clue. That's why I said, is that a club rod has never been the track in a life. Exactly. Talking about all these people, they'd been by the number, not by the name of the horse. Wow. What a concept. That's one guy who covered the opening for Channel 10. And at the end of the PC, he said, and of course, you know, right now, it's, you know, it looks great out there, and then they're running and everybody are going for the winner. Right. Said that on Channel 10, the log on home for the winner. Well, you know, not that Luther Revens isn't around anymore. We don't have too many horse racing experts in Tom, as you and Eddie K. And that's about it. And when it comes to harness racing, I'm hit. You are. You're harness racing and all that stuff, as nearly or all the marginal stuff. Nobody cares about. Okay. Well, we've beaten up a lot of time here. I got nothing but time because I have to worry about getting behind on the spots today. I've never seen all these years. We must be getting ready for the Neo Rises. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to show you when no spots. It's going to change. Yeah. Oh, I know that. Yep. We'll be drowning in spots. Yeah. Well, we had the previous general manager. Not only like leaving hostility in the air, not that he's leaving us. And I had a nice cordial farewell conversation, but he reminds me a lot of Howard Stern. And this respect that with Stern, so he doesn't care about any other town or about anything else. Sirious, this whole Sirious thing is all about Howard. And just like when we had the previous general manager, was that about us, it was all about him. And last time I checked, he didn't have a show on the station. Really sure we had was on the phone with Barry. I'm at note, when a lot of cash this weekend. You too. And go Patriots. All right. Yes. Go Patriots. See, I see. I'm broken for the Patriots. Okay. See you. All right. You too. Probably you. Well, I still. Until I stayed there for a bit. Stranger. That's stranger to me. That's stranger to me. What's stranger? You know it. And we're fairly familiar back now. That's the ear. I'll handle this. What do you have in the cowboy? I'll have a frozen battery. What the heck? Oh, it's a fruity delight with a pause that refreshes. Ah, say. Didn't you play Metaboy and N.Y.P.D.Bloom? Ah, yeah. That was me. It'd be like it. I mean, a never-part of all. I don't mean to be derrude. But you call this a full moon? Just what the f*** you get in there. Wow. The drapes don't match. And rustic a married to the cell-five minutes ago. What? Who wears your can-can dancers? You can have a proper salute without any can-can dancers. This year's elsewhere, a lot. You can ask you. What's going on, Daphne? Ah, I'm from there back now too. And I'd like to be your very first can-can dancer. You're a woman. Well, ostensibly, perhaps. After all, I'm from there by my sin. Made of pitipids. Sure thing, now. Oh, we're flying. Ten 16 a QAM. So yesterday, we had a- It sounded like a crank called to me from somebody Yahoo Sound and Guy said, Oh, your handyman is he going to head out of Jack and Die. Click. Remember that? Yeah, he art. And then I find out later and talking to a home that is he's wife called a house on to the Heavenly. He had pain in the chest, went to the hospital, the quadruple bike past. So why don't we know if he's dead or alive? I hope he's alive. I was going to ask you how easy he is. He's going to be doing it. But I don't know. I sure hope he's alive because he hasn't finished the fence yet. No, but seriously, I mean, it's just- he was in the house over the weekend. And then we get that facts about somebody else dying, which I'll talk about in a couple of minutes. They're dropping like flies, man. Hope you're okay, is he? And if not our sympathies, but I can't- I checked the obituary's that sentless morten, see what? It's a pretty sad day when he has to start checking obituary's, you know? Yeah. And she's run by the way as like, oh, if he, uh, Japanese say, he's off tourists. He's not a good shape. And then we do can't, I guess they can't figure it out. They've got it. And like 70, 70 years old, they're ways 14,000 pounds. How come he's not a good shape? They're a little bit slow. Look at this, it's 10, 17 already. Wow. Josh is probably getting real panicky that we can't get them all the spots, aren't you? Oh, yeah. Oh, man. It don't where we'll be back at 10, 18. No, I see. No, I think it's 10, 19. In fact, now it's 10, 18 already. So we'll be back at 10, 20. Oh, boy, what a bunch back there. You're going to see some real action in Jackson back there in that sales room. I'll tell you that some of you fakers back there will put a big ex on the door where the exit is. Uh, Sean. Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 and maybe some better action, too, by calling 1-800 mattress right now. Nothing's got a big impact on your daily health well, big and productivity, then a good night's sleep. And you can get one starting as soon as tonight with down a mattress by calling 1-800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's not necessarily sagging or lumpy. It's time for a brand new one. Choose from all the top names to no off-brand names that nobody would dare to put their ass on. We're talking to best names like Celia and Cirta Simmons Kingcruil, Teppropedic and Stewards and Foster Huet. Now the mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Mires. And like always, you pick the two-hour delivery window and date that you want your mattress delivered. And they show up on time 99.7% of the time as close to perfectness anybody gets. Lots of people are cueing our satisfied customers. I've been using these folks for years. This is one of the easiest pieces of shopping you'll ever do instead of sloughing around town wasting a lot of money and gas in those. What's going to get me all sorted up? Just make them one easy call. Start off the new year right with the new mattress from dial-a-matrous. Pick up that phone right now called 1-800 mattress. 1-800 mattress around the website mattress.com. Dial-a-matrous 1-800-MATT-T-R-E-S-Leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes.개-new DIEMURAGES Years of this is the new Russia. This is five 66 AZAC. Sub réuss casual tyre Dial-rad winesージ guitar Du-d-Du-Du-odle Du-Du-Du-Di-Du-Du- Wal even though thekräyl has also ended up in the present so이� some annoying hanging integers. You need The King's Chandler in a mentally ill is hit, Dushi rural. By the way, he says the fat fart or something in there. It's almost sounded like something else, but it wasn't. Okay, good. Why? Why you thought it was something else? No, I didn't think it at all. Well, that's good. Don't think. Not a misvinist. Perfect. I think it will be a whole lesson to that. You know what's weird? Nothing more about Duke hunting him. And Mark facts this morning says, please look up and play Maroon 5 harder to breathe and put it on an endless loop. I love the way this, um, day to day show has been 15 minutes on the damn minors in 30 seconds. But turn it man. I'm in 11, you were servicemen killing separate attacks in Iraq. And now here's Al with a weather. Yeah, there's Maroon 5. I don't mean I don't get any of it. Pad Robertson gets more attention than you're living dead soldiers. F this says Mark and love from the heart. Well, still I'm using more. So anyway, I guess I'm better. I got a lot of stuff. Like Rick Riley used to say, I got a lot of stuff when he never did. Although the fear of value today is minus infinite. So I saw about four minutes of streams performance is our self-aggrandizement on King Lysenite. He's one hour commercial. It was like an infomercial with no credits. And I did this and I did that and I'm this and I'm that and Robin and I had to, you know, more power to you. Hard to make an eighty trillion dollars and I still don't find anything on your show. It's just not for me. Why do you folks out there will be subscribing and Monday morning you'll be all whipped up into a frenzy and he'll be saying all kinds of crap again. And you know what we just, I don't know. I say we had a none of the three of us have discovered anything funny on that show in a year. It's over our head. You know that must be it. We just don't get it. Maybe I'm sure Josh couldn't possibly understand it. No, not at all. Way way beyond our scope to get it. But then three of us took real anything. That's the freaking mirror. We ever find out that the rest of us didn't close Josh just got through it. No, and I called them and they definitely didn't. Some idea calls up. Well, the rest of us just closed or something like that. That's why I'm really dubious to that thing about is he I got to get a spy report because of my handyman died. It's a very sad number one and number two leaves me in the lurch. Be unhandy. When you think you would at least finish my offense before he did it died. That would be maybe you could do. WQI I'm spy on. What is your jealous? WQI. Hello. Hey. How are you? Pretty good. I like that the commentary that there haven't about that. We've broken back down. People like it. Something like that. Yeah, it sounds to me like you like it. Now I want to get that. I want to find out what's going on. Forget about them. I'm really jealous of Howard. I can only jealous of the money that he's making. That's the only part that I really want. Don't want that nose. In fact, he makes me look good. Just like this guy with his skill Henry for today's pool. Well, one thing I like best about Phil Henry is he was a lot bigger than I am. And it's seen a lot. He could have been one of the ugliest people ever on the year. You know, he definitely had a face for radio, right? But nevertheless, once a part of time he was pretty good. Are you sure? And now. WQI I'm hello. Good morning, Neil. The record. WQI I'm hello. They're morning. I'll be Friday. Yeah, back to you. The Rascal House and Folk are exposed. That's the Rascal House. Well, we don't care about Volca F. Volca man. Who the hell cares about Volca? You people. You know, one thing about you, Volca people. Adam I mentioned a name. It was a baby. The last time I was in Volca was the before Jesus was a baby. Well, why does anybody want to go to Volca? Can you figure that out? Uh, well, they got those big wide swales, you know? Is that what it is? Yeah, wide swales. Must be some reason for they got that myzander park. Mum's her park. Anyway, yesterday's pool, the most overdone news story of the past year. We had 1497 boats and I chopped it off around five o'clock. Just so I could put today's pool on which to be very honest with you. I thought Skipper Chuck happened just died a couple days ago. I thought he would kick every all of our ass. And all of a sudden for for whatever reason, the audience is just out there licking all over my I'm embarrassed about it. I got to like tell myself off and go on. Oh, Pasha. Oh, by the way, speaking to that nice call from Bob Lassidy yesterday. Good old blavo. We had a good chat for about a half an hour. We're sure I kept getting interrupted on the phone by Clarence and this one and that one. And when I tell you people, don't bother me at home. Lassidy's call is the one that I wanted. We had a good time. I invited him to my number and we had a good chat. But Jesus, some of you people just don't get the message. And by the way, you can tell Troy to die. The most overdone news story in the past year. The missing chicken in Ruba, 513. Terry and her cube. 379. They're runaway bride to 74. Michael Jackson, trial 129. Pervert. 4-Lauderdale can go to Iraq 82. Perkane Katrina, 26. See the big drop off there in other words, arrested each to as we feel our worth. Rosa Parksties, 24. Over Done. Iraq War 17. Nuna C. Pope 13. Kulminer's 10. Oh, oh. Republicans, Kavals 9. Supreme Court nomination 7. Iraq election 7. Perkane Wilma only 4. Obviously just a screw to everybody. Asian earthquakes 2. And London bombings in the cube. Solventy Uno. This is New Roger. This is 562. The UprSQ. You have an elevator that goes up to the sweet. And an elevator that goes down to the screen. The sun is on the pitch show. Your fire. Your transit. It's over. Don't you think it's over? Who chose this sweet thing? And the money is somewhere just a beer between the hand and the axe. You see your fire down the strong. You see the breeze. Your fire up to the sweet down to the screen. Good luck. You're fine. You want to be sad. I think you're the concept of this kind of... At this stage of your job in the future. I am not dressed. So where's your skill? What do you want to do? You're fine. Children, 3, and then. Call me to the sky. You're fine. Call me to the sky. You're fine. You're fine. You're fine. You're fine. Don't you think it's over? You're fine. You're fine. No, don't you think it's over? You're in tears. You're fine. I'll shoot you back. I saved you. I saved you. I'll go. I'll go. 30s you're able to tell you always afraid of those rich guys you know against with a lot of money always a butcher boss and everybody around or you afraid of them people afraid of them what do you mean now how he's making the VLT it's a renewal bar but we're gonna call Tony's letter it's a what a granola bar oh geez food good at what that is it just pure carbohydrates man and this year blanched or skyrocketing right now oh speaking a skyrocket it's a test by an surgeon's guilty 11 members of the American forces and as many as 130 a rackets in carbola and romadi yesterday the number kept going up first of a five then it was seven and eleven most of the deaths were caused by two huge suicide bombs they followed tanks on Wednesday the clout is with the side bombing of the she-eye funeral post is today deaths whole over 200 remember you said 200 but that's why they kept killing people I said a little that little spik there that gravel on the right said over 200 so we better like live up didn't want to make a lot or out of it there you go so the number just keeps uh... area sure on his house tourists that's the head of us on CNN big service and let's see today's pool and then the stuff that's getting sent in you know i don't know that this poll needs anymore building to you and Alan court and rickweaver yes so we got rickweaver and bob we were only when we don't have a rule weaver uh... i think we've got a couple of other already i i really thought that people are going to say well it's your audience and you're sure all and itself grand as you know what to care big deal never to die anticipates such a tremendous uh... suction job who is off for this all-time broadcasting legend we have a nine hundred ninety four votes are go as a thousand one for you go on yes uh... e-dine whoever keeps sending this fact that i've already sent to you with big al wilson and and rebarrow and all that i got right here in first of all it wasn't big al was a big wilson on big al air air everything that's on here is a mistake and it's also the state for them to fact that four times we've already got we got the first time yeah i'm gonna rickham and ask right now where were the idiot is a centrist big al wilson the night out well first of all he was on the i was on radio and i d ended uh... the night out the channel six and uh... was a good friend of mine and a good guy but it hardly a legend he was only on here in a market for what three four years right it was not very long see what we're talking about broadcasting legend that isn't somebody that you liked and maybe they're spainless to them can we borrow no and again we like to be before we got so fat but nevertheless when you put him in an even in that category most people even though who the only barrel is michlor is the governor got it scratched out all i gregg be dealt i did this must be a out of jokin that's why they keep passing it over and over again radio legend gregg be dealt legend in his own mind about a way right the bad news is everybody in a market still hates you and speaking of getting it not having any idea what you're writing about five the guy who was on power ninety six for so long i think he's dead now he was to say what yeah that's what no chance to have a banner and don't cost him if you don't have any said this some health problems but he's still a fan he's alive he was the sky kicks of the kinkl to go to the TV talking about don't cox and he's hard not say yeah that's what he said yeah that's what he said not go cox but banner him Tanner you're fairie i think we should put cox on there i think he qualifies okay don't cox i listen to when i was a child well put him on there all right he won't get upset about it he's still dead do you know those any time i told him and then the show you what a total lack of now is they have what what radio legend is all about Chris Baker oh my god oh my god yeah i don't think so please do weekends on io d yeah he's definitely a radio legend i can't get a life rocko says more a lot of facts is coming in here all of that here's the one that says it really gets me no feel Henry filled with on this market for what about three years maybe tops maybe radio legend isn't somebody that like passed through the market on the way to like someplace else so on a way to like public that's not a radio legend even as good as he was an io d that's not my the radio legend in south Florida kicks my drift drift in addition which how we're invented everything i'm not talking about don't know how how we're invented everything that's put on radio anyway just ask him he'll tell like electricity electro my air ready just a few minutes are walks by start everything was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i you know that's the is all about just an hour puppies and Larry said they're like uh huh huh huh huh and that's uh that was enough for me rocko said did you see then we see me if on the NSA was spying on Christian Alan Porter from CNN on our blame him spying on journalist were be heard that before I'd spy on that bitch. I think she's doing something with the Pope. Oh, I'm sorry, the Holy Father, the Holy Father. An executive committee member of the Seven Baptist Convention was arrested on a ludenous charge for propositioning a plain-coast policeman outside of hotel. Ha ha ha, no! Lonnie Latham, a senior pastor at South Tulsa Baptist Church, was booked in Oklahoma County, jail 2-Dinana, and a Mr. Meiner charge of offering to engage in the act of ludenous. Police captain Jeffrey Becker said, Latham was released on $500 Bay of yesterday afternoon. Latham was spoken out against homosexuality, of course. Asked the officers to join us hotel room for oral sex. Latham was arrested as 2005 Mercedes automobile was impounded. Calls the Latham of this church were not immediately returned. When he left you, Latham said, I was set up. I was in the area pastoring to police. That's right. Here what it done with lay on his. That's right. When you're pastoring to police, you have to get on your knees and say a little prayer. Like he on the wall or if says. Or was it your retarded? We'd like that version the best. Oh, Sean's got some new pull ideas. Well, that's good. Maybe I'm going to change the one for tomorrow. Now this, this is good. These are all good. Yeah. Thank you, Sean. God bless Sean, man. He's the one guy that come and he's the pull expert. That's when I hear. I think I might change when I was going to do that one about that he also sent. What's smell brings back the best memories? Right. But knowing this cry, they're going to put like a lot of sub-roso craft in there and a lot of filth and so yeah. And since we're not on satellite radio, we can't afford to be doing muddle along the best we can. Right. How many QAM? There won't be anybody in this line's been bringing too long. QAM, hello. How long come you're the best? Yeah. You are the best. I mean, I love you. And at your boy would say, what's up, some guy, or even how hard we come any QAM? Hello. I'm Goneel. How do you write it? Well, same to you. I don't know about your handyman, whether he's that or a lot, but I have a celebrity desk that I don't know if you know about Barry Cowell. No. Yeah. He, we just, we just got you a time at the end of the show, George played a hair in the yesterday's the name before. George is called again. Jesus, you know, you're telling everybody. I'm sorry. I'm dying out of my hand. Wow. Katrina's victim. They just found his body. He's been missing since September 1st and they just found that I think yesterday. Yeah. I don't remember which one was which because it's one of the years ago. They all looked alike and they all had those teeth and they gave a letter. Yeah. But what I'm most kind of cute, maybe that was the one. Oh, I hate that one. Cute. Well, by now he probably was older not really anyway. Yeah. What do you want? Oh, to help with it. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news. Yeah. Sorry. Happy surface. Yeah. Thank you. Oh, the cow pile man. That's not a big thing. It's some fun user. Just fine. What is that? Is that the rain the park another thing? All of those things. I mean, we want to get that we're down here here again. And here was their big hit. That's what made him say a flaming famous. The cow pile. They're wearing around too long. I apologize. Yeah. Yeah. I know there's a long pause. You could grab a Mac truck to it. Wow. Are you sure? Yes. Oh, if you're here, you guys can get away from me. This is around Jeremy. Things song. Back to them. Don't ask me why. I don't have a bonus for. Oh, it's not for like a bread. The rate for the. I don't know what that line means. I did know he was dead. Oh. That's the crap. Well, here we go. Finally. You. Okay. That's nothing that. So very very copile is dead. Oh, and I got another celebrity that's coming up after the break after this very brief break. They haven't died. They're going to die after the break. If you keep talking about them, they will. This is Neil Roger. Let's talk about parabasins. I got 16. Jesus. What are you looking? Hi. I'm Joey D. Formally of Joey D in the Starlighters. I'm also founded of the Rock and Roll Rest Hall. Where we provide care and treatment for many of the Rock and Roll Stars. You love so much in the past. But whose lives have been destroyed by broken record companies. Stars like Mr. Declac over here. You can plainly see why we need your help. Over here we have Daniel O'Petus who sang rhythm for the goblins. Every now and then I tried it out for now. It's okay. We show you a support by sending your checks to 442, when would Avenue and Soaf City. Our email address is runsweek.com. For more information, just call the beachwood floor 5-7-89. Thank you. Seems to be going around as a matter of fact that I've already said the facts this morning from Alicia who says, my brother used to work there and I was hoping this no could find its way to Neil. It says, we've never met but I'm Danny Ray aka Dan Stewart. Now the overnight thing was Danny Ray. I might have. I didn't. Dan Stewart's younger sister Alicia. I recall that Dan worked with you many years ago and Dan always talked about you and the terrific people at your station. I was at IOD. After he left the station he was always a lawyer. Listen and love your show. I have some sand said news. Dan passed away last Thursday and the Holy Cross hospital in Fort Lauraville. He was ill for some time. He was 45. 45 and he died. We're still in the process of making Memorial arrangements. My brother and my mother Phyllis was hoping I could reach you to share the news. Thanks for making our brother laughs and surely Alicia Ray with field. How do you like that? And here I thought, oh we're fine. He's saying that. Last time we saw Dan Stewart was right in that studio. We're going to cross somewhere your little aunt's sitting right now. Remember that? Nope. They had you don't. This studio here? Yes. Today he came in and he tried to out-jash moral on the Air-Jashmortar plays a Nick on the Young and Hornie. Remember that? Yeah, but I thought that was at IOD. No way. That was right there in that studio. All right. I'll take it over here. What's the Air-Jashmortar was? Yeah. And this one was in that one. Yeah. But anyway. So our sympathies to the family and the guests are going to be passing a lot of sympathies along, right? And this one has nothing to do with me. Do that with me. I've been a long time all right. After you partied, this one had nothing to do with me. No, he just yesterday you said, oh, we're fine. I can ask one to put him over the edge. No, I said. That's fine. Well, that's close enough. A lot of people dying all over the place and just a couple days ago, I thought I was going to be next. Well, I was not a good shape. And you know, one thing about some of you clowns in that place there, you just don't get a do you? Including our good friend, a month. That line this morning. It's just about not you could not be over with a feathered us to. Of course, you can not grow over the feather any time. But about, uh, you know, you want me to send a tide in here to a straight net out a little. Another one of our little sales problems. I mean, is this man creating? They just don't get it. It's like I'm like I'm joking or something. Like it's a big like a laugh riot to why. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well, they just don't have any, yeah, of course salespeople are just a whores anyway, even more than those of us on the air. They, you know, they killer grandma to sell a spot to put some crap on the air. Although they're not doing very well. Maybe the grandma's already did. But boy, did you still, they have no, no feeling for human beings. There's just no, uh, there's just no human component to it. It's just, I want to get that commission and I want to, of course, at our place already get this commission. So what do you expect you out of bunch of, and you would think that they'd be selling something that had that haven't been said, but they're not. All they do is cause a lot of grief. So let me say this, we're pulling for you. I'm off. We hope they manage to sell the job of your career as fading as it is a QA and but nevertheless cut the crap. No, and I, and then he says to me, did your bell call you? You know, I'm, I mean, delighted to talk to Joe Bell next week or the week after that. There's no emergency. There's not like major, right? Yeah, where do I go anywhere? I think I'm just going to stop answering the phone for a few days. Just leave me alone. Okay. I have color ID up there. No way. I can't get it in my role because it's a building wide system and I don't have like my own individual thing. Well, if I had caught a ride with another five years to my life. Come in to QA and hello. Hey, Neil, Ron, her seat and Chuck sink. Well, Chuck sings down there. Ron, her seat is a self-advocating legend. Yeah, I'm out of the signify. So I would say, yeah, I'm out of the signify. Yeah, now do you remember the whole morning show with the Suds Rick and Suds honey in the morning? How do you mean? Was that them? Honey in the morning, honey in the evening? Yeah, it was played out. Yeah, it was played out a bit. Honey, I'm remembering your little saying. Well, I was going to freak out. I listen to your love. You've been looking for ever. And if I went the other way, I'd be your bitch any day. Okay, Palo, you're not my type tool. Okay, and I'll see. I never even read the poll. Did I? I did see my own name. That was sad. It was for the first time. Well, I got interrupted there by you with something. Right. Our goals of thousands of votes today to re-insure we had a thousand 36 now. Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend Neal Rogers 544. Yeah, but that's one of his own show. He's a panic himself on the back of the say, okay, whatever you say. But we're here and on here. Ralph Redneck 146 is strong second for Ralph, who was very pondress and very pedantic, but nevertheless, he was on a long time. And that's what counts. Skipper Chuck's saying 74, we just passed to the other side. 74 votes. Rich, 677. Rickie, Tickie's been on here more than 40 years in a market. I'm coming up to 30. He has a past me a long time ago. In fact, probably like 45 now, if you ask me. That amazing. That's amazing. Rick Shaw and the best part of it is in those 45 years. He never watched that camp once. 67 for Rickie Tickie Larry King 45. That's shocking to me because I don't, I don't, you know, you see what I'm saying? I think they're looking at what he accomplished afterward as opposed to whatever he did in South Florida, which was basically not too much. And Bishop 44. She's right on Larry's ass. Jim Manif 34, Mike winner, 27 Bob, we were 21. Hank Goldberg, 17, Tony, Cigarette, 7. That's silly. Craig Warding 4, Rick, we were 3, Arnie Warren 3. And not yet for Don Cox and Alan Courtney. We need to add, uh, Sunny Fox. Okay. Right. You don't think Sunny Fox is a, uh, no, he been, well, I don't care what. Like I said, I don't care what you're saying. Well, yes, although not that you mentioned it, they'll probably cope pretty soon. And if he's survived, it's all food. He can survive anything. Well, that's bad. I think Saul, a Rickie, and off were about 600 grand. And that's sad. I mean, what did you do to somebody who ripped you off about 600 grand? Okay. In the light of course. So I told George and Josh before the show that our deal is off. I'm sure they never brought you in like no, the anyway, right? No, they, they threatened to have it never didn't. Yeah. Well, forget about it. Well, I said, uh, I said it does right. I'm not going to watch it anyway, but you know, what does that mean? You know, it's, you know, it's just not my kind of movie. Oh, I'm other than good. Is that what it is? No, another word, John, I'm on a TVC. What you give me would city a God. So hey, listen, I made my second attempt last night. This is even before you saw Magnolia was on an HD no less city in God on my cable. And I, and I looked at it was an hour into the movie. And I thought, well, I never got past the first 13 or 20 minutes. So this would be good. Now I can get into the needed amulet. Five minutes. And see what it's really, look, look, look, look, if you're the final, you can just give my opinion without you always like interjecting. Can I just give it, and then you can like say all your crap. I doubt it. I came to the part where they're like all these, uh, the first of all it's photographed. And George says, well, it's supposed to be like a documentary. It's photographed in puke vision. In other words, the cameras jibbling around and all these little kids are running all around and making noise. And you know, and then I get to the scene where they's, uh, the guy with the ring leader, the gang leader, one's kind of like all under his thumb. Little busy. Yeah, that's a guy, little z. And he's got to two little kids there and backed up against the wall. And he says, okay, take your choice. I shoot you in the foot of the hand. And there's one little kid's crying in both crying and he shoots the kid in the foot and the blood support not of his, and Jim shoe and, you know, and then he says, somebody other kids, he says, okay, now I want you to shoot kill one of them. You pick whichever one you want. Show me your real man. And the kids standing there holding the gun and I'm convinced at this point that he's going to like, uh, you know, take the gun and give it back to him like it. And instead, stop being and he kills the, uh, one of the other kids. It didn't get, I guess he might even it out because the first kid got shot in the foot and the other one never got no shot at all. So he didn't have no shot because he was dead. Right. And at that point, I changed the channel. It's just, I mean, it's just, well, what is the point? Well, if you finish, if you actually watch the night, I will not finish. I will not watch it. So you'll never know the answer to that question. Oh, she's, you know, something. I don't know how I'll go on. I know. But there's everything that I watched that will be love and hate with Kate Nelligan, which was a CBC TV movie but nevertheless I've seen it before. True story about Colin Fathier, who was a Saskatchewan cabinet member and who had his wife killed who's in jail right now. They just last year turned out as a feel for early parole. But nevertheless, and that was pretty interesting movie. Plus, I was here hot sun in there too. Have you got pardoned? I said, I want to see it. Because I like that's what hooked me on it. Well, you know how that is. I do. We're all the same. We see somebody looks pretty to watch it. All we get hooked and then find out. I've got into an entertaining show whatever it is or not, but love it a lot. Well, there you go. Love and hate the same with the movie. I'm sure it'll be on your table sometime soon. Can't wait for love and hate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So did I ever read the list or not? I never still haven't gotten through it. That was great. Yeah, I did. I just got through finally reading the whole thing. Alan Courtney doesn't have it and that's because all his listeners are dead already. Boy, never met the man, but in in the past, I'd like to give him a great vote of thanks because he, he, I got very definitely ill. He had been on the year at night. He was the king of the night time across the old fart talking to ancient people for many, many years. And then I tell him you're snooze when they put me on from me to midnight. I remember one of the salespeople, I was supposed to hear it, but I remember over here in the conversation, oh, who's going to buy Neil Rogers when he's on against Alan Courtney? What chances he got? I remember hearing that conversation and then I knew that salespeople mostly were idiots. But come to fight out and not only was he definitely ill, but he did die and he never came back on the year. And so how kind of like inherited the nighttime audience, those people older than Methuselah? So I owe him a big, that's for you Alan. Sweetheart. And then it's on Kevin Courtney, remember he went on I ode very briefly into the talk show and his whole thing was ripping me in as that. He remembered so many of these people. I don't think I even met Kevin Courtney. If you wanted to, you did, but he was like a new slunky there, wasn't he? That is correct. He was a new slunky and then they gave him like a weekend talk show to fill up some dead time they had nobody to put on the year. And his idea of it like Dickie Farkel, oh I'm going to make a talk show out of rip and Neil Rogers. That's an end to talk show. Okay, whatever you're saying. And he always delivered the news and the same like upbeat way even if it was a terrible tragedy. Five hundred people were killed in a bloody crater. Well, maybe Hindu Angela Ray. And I'm hearing some spy reports about one, two, using all my drop-ins and about, oh, heaven real I'm out of sweat cause a lot of one of these in this business. And that's why some of these names of people are sending in radio legend Chris Baker. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. This is the Neil Rogers. So who's this is your brain? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Any questions? Are you tired of the same old, same old, what it comes to ice cream parlors? Yeah, boy. Well, you're in luck. From the company that brought you the successful ice cream chain, basket robins, thirty white flavors, please you the first ever inner city ice cream parlors from public enemies number two rapper introducing basket robins thirty one flavor flavor flavor. Yeah, boy. That's right. That 31 flavor flames. We pool real something something in the ordinary ice cream. Instead of a boring old chocolate at 31 flavor flames, it's called scoop a chocolate bishin boy. And let's stop for get about the scrunchest treat Rocky Rome motherf***er. There's also Neil Paulson can kiss my black ass. Strawberry can suck my genom and our brand new flavor. Moose tracks up on your right ass. Yeah, boy. 31 flavor flames. Where our motto is. Stop it and grab a scoop. Bitch. It's 11 to one. It's five and 60. Nobody QAM. We got Mulhoh or David in the bit too. We got a first in schedule today. We'll almost I guess it is. Mad though. Good four three solid hours Curtis Stevenson seven or five. They only criticism the building that we really like. Any K10 a clock tonight. Aren't you excited about that? Oh, it's programming note for George. You know that do cutting him bit. Which one? The one that I just played a little while ago. Okay. Yeah, that one. That one of the book brand bit. Right. It needs a bleep in there because even though he says a fat or a fart or whatever it is, it sounds it's a little, you know, it's a fur grab. So I haven't redo it. No, you don't have to have no redo it. Well, if you're that lazy, I mean, I can be doing that leap in myself. I can put a little. One of those in. I bigger part. I said, I am that lazy, but you know, or I can put a, one of those loves. Do it it. He loves redoing bits. Does he really? It throws. Well, yeah, it takes up another one of the four or five on the Adisca. No, he doesn't charge for those. He's always trying to charge for those. Well, what does that mean? It does. It does. It's a charge hard. He's done bits. He's always looking to improve the bits. Well, he needs to put a little something in there. Anyway, Sherole rushed back to operating theater for emergency surgery. And of course, now he's Abistered to be already. See how fast these stories. Oh, here we go. Third surgeons. Over with these. And children, improvement, conditioner still put it. What? What? When there is pedantic wolf on bloodscree, we cover some what? And West Virginia and Vanja one is me. Well, he just makes me angry. Such a jackass. Oh, but he's a great journalist wolf-litzkrieg and he likes talking to people like their little kindergarten children in West Virginia. I think the only guy that's more pedantic than him is Bob Woodward. Senator, Senator, I can't even do it the way he does. He makes it like a ten-syllable word, you know, Senator Kennedy. Oh, he's just plus a jackass and out of being jail. But nevertheless, Ariel Sherole, in that 800 pounds slob was rushed back to the operating room today and then now he's out. I just gave it the latest of bulletin. There is gravely ill. David, gravely line ill. He's been in a medically induced coma. After Massa stroke on Wednesday and the new bleeding discovered a cancer and this morning was creating more pressure inside his cranium. Said, Dr. Schlomo Moriosef. Is that what we need more Eosef? Or Schlomo at least? It was decided to take the Prime Minister of the operating room to deal with these issues and now he's out of there and they said, you know, good luck to you. Now here's the most important story of all. Let's spend at least 20-30 hours on this on that jackass that lunatic pet Robertson. And you know the best part of it is all those old shutins that watched at 700 club. This is and then sent all their money, you know. This is the sad part. Otherwise he'd be like, you know, or comedy centrally, he'd be good for a laugh. Christian Bronkansch, your pet Robertson suggested yesterday that his really Prime Minister Erel Schroen Stroke was divine punishment for dividing God's land. Oh, good idea. God considers this lie to be his Robertson said on his TV program the 700 club. You read the Bible and he says, this is my land and for any Prime Minister of Israel who decides he's been a carve it up and give it away. God says, no, this is mine. So he's I guess he's active, you know. And that's why the finger of God sent on at lightning bolt right in his rectum. He had now he stroked him out. Schroen order is deals with draw from Gaza last year, so I've got to tell you where we know that. And Robertson's broadcast from his Christian broadcasting network in Virginia Beach. Isn't it interesting? Where is the a follow-up one? Where's the Virginia? Oh, I agree. Oh, I agree. I'll work. I'll work. I'll work. I'll work. Yeah, and this one's in Virginia Beach, Virginia. In Norfolk, the evangelist said he had personally prayed about a year ago with Schroen we called a very tender hearted man in a good friend. He said he was saying to see Schroen in this condition. He also said hi ever that in the Bible, the prophet Joel. Is that your old fine bird? Could be. Makes it very clear that God has enmity against those who divide my land. When you got enmity against you, you got the real service. Schroen was dividing God's land. I would say, whoa, under any Prime Minister of Israel who takes a similar court to appease the EU with the EU in or the USA. And discussing what he said was God's insistence that Israel not be divided. Robertson also referred to the 95 assassination of Prime Minister. He is a hot robin who would sought to achieve peace by giving land to the Palestinians. It was a terrible thing that happened, but nevertheless he was dead. He said, people for the American way foundation, which monitors the 700 club criticized Robertson's remarks calling them an implicit reference to recent steps the Prime Minister is taken to advance the Israeli Palestinian peace process. Once again, Pat Robertson leaves us speechless with his incenses hitting the Err against the group's president of Ralph Nees said in the statement. The Reverend Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for separates the church and states said, a religious leader shouldn't be making countless political points while a man is struggling for his life. You're struggling, you're struggling, maybe you're struggling with the local land. And say, you're struggling, Pat Robertson has a political agenda for the entire world and he seems to think God has made a take out any world leader who stands as a man by the gentleman said in the statement. Like for Euro Chavez, Robertson spokeswoman Angel Watson of critics who challenges remarks what they're basically saying is how dare Pat Robertson quote the Bible. This is what the word a God said Watson. This is not nothing that would be Christian community a bunch of crazy people. In August Robertson suggests what we know about here with Chavez. Right? Yeah, we do. Come in. Come in. When did that take him out? Oh, see, you can add something hurt to the poll that says. Do you think Sunny was a radio legend? No. No. I mean, we like Sunny. We'd like to work with him. I'm trying to be objective here and I knew all of these people and work with most of these people, but I mean, Sunny was a good guy. We liked him a lot but he was, he was hardly a radio legend. But you want to put him on there and we might cancel better. Sure. Make me feel better. Will really? I like Sunny. I like Sunny a lot. But now why do you say it like I didn't? Well, I just start with every karate stuff again. You know, like he tried to tell me that you like your karate. Well, let's let go that far. Yeah, I don't, I'd be very honest with you. I'm in a little bit about him. I love such a big love sense cool. He's a great guy and a good friend and you know, he's not a phony. Rick, I don't know. Rick is one of those guys he's hard to like. Is that a good way to put it? That's a very good way to put it. Do you know people like that they mean you want to like them if they make it difficult for you to do it? They don't help themselves. Right. You want to like them a lot and in fact, you know something? Don't, don't, don't, don't. That's a pun about what put him in the same category for the way past that you know. But there's another one. My child. I actually, why, yeah, George Bondard with Moe yesterday there's a bulletin for you in Kermiss's office. You know how to go? It was better than Josh's last encounter with a moment and he talks to you about to face in the music. Yeah, didn't hear the Georgia. So he didn't sing and I didn't dance. Oh no. Maybe next time. Did you, uh, were you like a stuttering? No, it wasn't stuttering. We, oh well, I guess that's why you didn't have to face the music. We traded some jokes. Get out of here. I love to know. Seriously, what was this all about? I mean, I mean, I don't know. Nina in Clarence's office delivering a, uh, something, you know, a sheet, pushing paper. And he happened to be coming out of the studio walking into Clarence's office at the time. And I told to what he said. He said, you know, Jorge, you little MF and I said, right on all counts. And then we started trading jokes. He started it. You started trading jokes. This is for a serious? Well, no, for comedy. Oh, I thought maybe you're Howard to be doing them on the Monday morning on the earth. Here's a fact. This is speaking a fill Henry, the phony, new Republican greedy turret on his website. You have to pay an order to email him. Says, I got that fast you're in keeping getting him. I've paid a membership feed just to screw him up. I got his email address when I paid the feed and proceeded to go to about 50 different websites and give out his email address for spam. He said it changes. Website members email address three times now to screw him. Are you sure? Yeah. Also this fact she says is obviously just skilled with hostility and rightfully so. It's just speaking of Dan Stewart I was working with him on Christmas morning. I was working with him at one Christmas morning at W. O.V. is a board-op. There's no name on it. How come you know, why can't they tell us who the hell is? I know. We were there at that time. Yeah. Probably 1990 is as a board-op. After you're doing his news at the top of the hour he comes in and starts talking to me. I don't just do radio you know, I also dance on the side, you know, stripping the woman go crazy but I like dancing for men more he said and then it says, oh boy. Yeah. Well, I mean that's no secret. I don't think. No. In fact, when he came on on and I can't believe you can't remember that conversation. I remember that conversation. I remember he was talking about Josh Moro. He said, yeah, he's one of us. I remember that conversation. He's why I was here. So I heard they think that Dan was in a closet and at this point doesn't make a difference now. Maybe he thought maybe he was talking about Jewish. And by the way, Dan, Adam is still an interested just as a kind of a parting on the way out. I just passed it along. I don't remember till many stories about him. He never did. I thought about him. Well, I don't want to go into it. Oh, and I was about, I'm sorry. I got that confused. That was a Brian Andrews. But he still lives that we've been not say that. Miss Andrews was ahead the hospital. And well, anyway, a lot of a broad castes. In fact, the fasses are just pouring in. I don't mean he had built Santa Rhiner speaking of what? He definitely belongs on here. Sure. What are more than sunny? I mean, you know, are you actually like Tanner once upon a time until he hung up the phone? Are you hanging up on me? I, yeah, you hung up. Remember that? No, I don't. I wasn't there. When I was trying to get my money out of Greg Reed in the beginning, before I knew you were like, uh, Yankemi or Ron, I was not good. But now then we are kind of histimated. Especially that day I came in and saw he looked like death on two legs. Uh-huh. I wouldn't be. Yeah, did he have like a bypass? He had something. He had some serious issues at an overpass. I believe Bill Tanner of Tanner in the morning came us the animal list of this type. His was the voice, uh, which introduced me to the 70s music in South Florida market. He was number one in local ratings for a long time. Now here, and then see, here's the facts from Keith that starts out right on and then give me a break. I would also include the much justifiably maligned Steve Kane during his WI of the PWABC days was one of the best liked and most talented radio performers in South Florida. Absolutely incorrect. Uh, he, he, he's one of the few people who has been on the market that long that on never he had one good book. There was the first book after I went to Iodini, he was doing effinance. And then the book after that, uh, all the people went away after they heard the contract controversy in the same guest for the 400 time, uh, that was the end of that. This is a man who's had no numbers. He's on a state. I told last of me as they asked me about Kane. I said, he's on a station. I said, if you held a gun to my head, I couldn't tell you the call of his or the station is on it. That he and and of course buying his way on the air. So how could you say that that's a radio legend? Something is like basically been invisible for years and years now and nobody even knows what station is on? Please Keith. I mean, you, you, Tanner, you're right on the way we got it on our yet? Yes, but Mr. Ego, you've got to be Schmidt and me man, just a dismal failure. Says PSR regret the WLAC and National became a talk show in the 80s. It was one of the greatest music uh, stations prior to the 80s. Well, I regret it too because I had to spend a month there. All and we had a little fun. It was okay. From month. That was enough for me. I remember that land lady mine. Oh, you just got a love Nashville. There's two kinds of people. There's Nashville folks and then there's people from New York, which was her code for Jews. Little did she know. I say, uh, uh, well, she didn't. What a, what a Yahoo. Two kinds of people. You just got to love Nashville. Nice. Not Nashville. Nice, well. Yeah. So why are these people like to call me at the end of the city? They got moved to Tennessee and these real happy. Not like that. That's the ultimate indictment against South Florida when people even go to Tennessee and they're happy. That should tell you a lot. And especially when you got like 175, oh, look at this fact check. Michael Jackson bought a hyperbaric chamber for her. How did you say about that thrilled? Can I go hold that? Yeah. I mean, Michael's dressing to this and how it's turned to that and Paris Hilton does this and the Howard did this and the Michael did that and Paris Hilton did do either one of them. 11 13 and how gold's being? This is New Roger. This is 516. Okay. Well, I should not bad. I feel I don't be a children's book. Well, you think that's why they don't try me like a slab of bacon. You know what I'm doing. You can't have it for a children's book. No, no, no, no, no. Maybe I can put down a lot of wrap-in-one children's books. I don't think so. God, do it. Do it. That's how you be. Do it. Do it. Speaking of dead blood, I'm just going to lay down in the floor and take a nap. Hopefully not a dirt nap. Because a lot of people are. Here's another one. Just died. Fresh? This morning. Fresh off the uh, gurney. Lourals get out. Okay. I just made it up. Would you believe, Lou Cron? Lou Rals, who's malicious, irritantless featured on hits ranging from his own and never find another love like mine. The sandpokes bring it home, bring it on home to me. As died. He was 70. He's died. Yes, he's right. Let me sit again. He died. Lou, and you can read a read of weathercast on the Lou. Rolls that this morning. And LA hospital, who was supposed to first die of lung cancer. Oh no. Let's bag it. Let's try it again. I'm sure it's going to start singing. Some of everybody. The singer was also known. He was as well known for his charitable activities as well as for his four active range. He founded the Lou Rals for a discharge telephone, which raised millions of dollars to the United Negro College Fund. He didn't raise anybody for the United White College Fund, but he raised a lot of money for the United Negro College Fund. Rolls was more December 1, 1935 in Chicago. A child from the San Cooke and like cooked training gospel. As a teenager, we took close place in Cooke's Gospel group the Highway QC's and later supported Cook on tour and in the studio. He nearly died in an auto-ax in a while traveling with Cook in 1958, spending several days in a coma. Did you know that? Wow. Rolls had his first big solo hit with 1966's Love Is A Herodon thing, which earned him mentioned Arthur Conley's sweet soul music. He had his biggest hit in 1976 with the Oliver Findnard Love Like Mine, which taught the R&B charts and hit number two in the pop charts. Other hits include your good things about the national man and lady love. Baby love. I don't know how to do that. What do you have? This is our love of the Herodon thing. I'm having a hand. I'm having a hand. I'm having a hand. The Rolls is dead. Skip her chuck is dead. The dance tour is dead. Isn't we still can't find out about it? Ariel Sherolls, my husband. Ariel Sherolls, confident blood. What's the great most? What are it? Look at that. The Grammy's and selling over 40 million albums. Now Santa, to be here. Actually, I've been to movies. Real, you know, feature-built, the beaters. The multi-talented musician had small parts in several big-budget films, including Blues Brothers 2000. He even lent his voice talents to the Rugrats movie in 1998. I'm tired. I'm tired. I love the extra-rate group. Rolls was also known for his tireless efforts to promote education. Instead of talking about it, he did something. In 1979, he began the annual telephone, the Louis Rolls for rate of stars. Now calls an evening of stars. The event has raised over $200 million for the United States. Now those stars have like six points. I say if they didn't get to go to school in the education they learned. They said on the college trying to pick up things that are negative. Possible. Because we now live in an ad Texas society. And knowledge is easy. Boy, you can see right there that he wasn't going to be around to long. You know why purple lips. So it doesn't sound? Maybe he liked grape juice. Not a good sign. Being a smoker, but 35 years. Ah, two ways. Ah, two ways. That's a long and brain cancer. Rolls remained upbeat. Long and brain cancer. That could 1994. We asked him how he would like to be remembered. Somebody did took the problem and haven't tried to deal with it. Somebody tried to help somebody else help some sales. Because it helps me in return. Well, there's a good guy. Lou Rawls and I he's dead. You see the Lord Worson mysterious ways. He was just talking about him yesterday. Where? All day long. Yeah. Played his turns. Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend? Lenny Martens hasn't started yet, but he'll pass everybody. New York Rogers 588. How many votes we got? Our goal is a thousand. We got 1127. New York Rogers 588. Ralph Rennick 166. Skipper Chuck 81. When you thought he'd done better than that? I would have, especially, you know. I thought he was going to win it. I mean, when I'd put this thing on there. What? You know you would get out of here. My Skipper Chuck. My God. How are the out of the scene for one? I'm not even cold yet. Rich Shaw 75. Larry King 47. We had to put an asterisk next to that. Because that's, that's post Miami fame. Because the only thing every did Miami, he worked on. He worked on Iowa D.B. for Worson. What's all that a call out is? We've got that one cart with a jingle. What it used to be? I don't know. Geez. I forget. Or maybe he worked first on the KAT. I don't know where to start it. And then he was on night's at Iowa D for a couple of years. And then he went to mutual right after that. So he, but whatever. Everybody knows Larry King and everybody he owes him all money too. And Bishop 47. But that's scary. You know Ralph Redneck and then Bishop and all in TV. People are dead. And probably Walter Cronis too with the bow tie. Didn't he die not too long ago? Totally. Walter Cronis from Channel 10, the weatherman with the bow tie. Don't remember him? Nope. Get out of here. Adult. Where am I? King 48, man dog 35. Reniri. Mike Reniri's got a third man. Great guy. And on for a long time he was legendary in the name of the school and big time. But I would say they really stuck at two of them. Like they do in this business man. That's their speciality do you. It's called talent on a stick as they stick it to you. Bob River 21. Hank over 19 for the hopper. Tony Cigarette was seven which is really kind of silly. It's just he's been on a long time. He's a silly sports guy being a news guy. I'll ride Tony. He's silly goose. Craig Roring for. Rick weaver three, solamentate trace. Arnie Warren three. I'm amazed that he's got three votes. How much he can mold it voted least once. Arnie and Amis. You're here. Are you here? Are you Warren show on GBS? You missed nothing. Boy he was. I'm sure Ken would take exception to that because he worked on GBS with the Arnie for a long time. Probably the passage of time kind of like twist your memory. I mean, you know, you're not a star. Everything seems so much better. Arnie Warren sucked Bill Tanner one. What? And none yet for sending her Sunny Fox. Don Cox or I'll accordingly. Sunny her Sunny Fox. Don Cox. Alan Courtney. Has a good sound of it. 1136 votes. That business about Steve Kane about how he was being loved. Oh, I mean it just makes me want to get on the floor and puke to listen to somebody's groupies. What are you talking about, man? Jesus. Talk about a phenomenal. Remember when he was part of the how many times did they try to do talk on I and Z? That after a passion got there and then their chief channel. I think was when passions still had it and they tried to make it into that was when Rick and son of before Rick and sons. They have came on in a morning. Who are some of the other people? They didn't have Karen K on also. Right? I think she was on over there. I don't remember. I don't remember. Uh-huh. Oh, they also had what's his name. I wanted to hate to be like, boys, that was my good buddy from Zeta. John from Texas. What was his name? Ford. Oh. Yeah. Right. He was getting in Ford. Coolie. Remember him? Yes. I do. I forget he was out with some broad day in a morning and boy. They did the. And anyway, the problem for him is that those people had numbers that make even 790s numbers look good. They had 0.0 and nothing on a 50,000 lot signal right there at 940 in the middle of that one of the great signals in Florida and they couldn't they could generate enough audience to fill a freaking uh, teacup to fill a symbol. Wow. I almost forgotten about that era. Mr. ego and John Ford and some bimbleda was on it with him and the, oh brother. This desperate, just desperate. But nevertheless, there've been a lot of real great towns come through the market over the years. Have an air. We haven't heard too many. But I'm sure they were really good. They were just good. They moved up until the big time. Now see, like if we put Randy on there, then she would probably get a lot of votes too because if I've not she's on skier America, using all my drop-ins in the turtle. But she hasn't qualified. How long was she on like two, three years? Hmm. I'm proud to think. Well, wasn't very long? No, let it all. And then let's see how her time at J&O, which you know, you could put their signal also on the same teacup in West Palm. Palm Beach crowd thinks that, and Palm Beach people probably want to put buses in the amount of they were all jack coal. Anybody in Theta Brown or who jack coal was? No. Because you would see if the question was, Palm Beach County legendary broadcast and that would be jack coal. And probably that would be the only one. When you think, are you even know who now that is? Or Dickie Farco, he's on that station, TBR and it's got like six watts in the night table. And they cranked it down with a minus in front of it. You how work with him at IOT? Did you really? Dickie Farco? He was on the evening there. The Neil Bashar and there was another one. He thought he was going to make a whole career out of just ripping me in ass. And all your people would call and crank him. Yeah. And I just didn't understand what it was all about. Now, here's one that might be legendary. You know, it's kind of like on a borderline. Okay, give me a clue. Fine, he held you into Baroness. Right, she. Yeah, he's legendary, all right. Oh, yeah, he was. I have to be something with kids, you know. Get in. Put on this gymnastics uniform. Oh, man. Oh, man, is right. Really? And up till this moment, I never knew about that. Well, I mean, I wasn't really all that games on now. Oh, you're fair. The chic. How long was he out about two minutes? I remember what Steve Nichol said about it. Oh, yeah, Neil would have to drop. Right. Isn't that the line? That was the line. Right. That Steve Nichol. He sure had his dumb on it. Or maybe they didn't have his dumb on it. Maybe he had his nose on it. Oh, I'm sorry. Because I always thought he, a, a blow. 28 past 11. We got the mole mice to speak. And that come up until this afternoon. Marks, 10, Mark that date on the calendar. That would be the mystery date. Because that's supposedly the last day on the mose agenda. That was a good line. Yeah, though, for Barry Jackass, that was cute. I got to read that again. Okay. What's it to you, actually? Yeah. Uh, kissed general manager Joe Bell replaces Greg Weedick. You memorized Barry. On the obvious obvious the future of afternoon, host Howard David. Who's contracting as far as March 10. David reiterated it's highly unlikely he'll remain a QAM. We had agreed Greg was going to give me a proposal. But we knew my contract or leave early. But obviously his dog ate it. Most said. I'm going to have a mull of whatever his name is. No, too. That's hysterical. Maybe that's what maybe he's in one of those great, Yuckin' up food. Maybe it's always the extension. All in dirty stories with the history. There's this. There's the real Rogers. This. So these new 9. 16. A. Good. In October, till Vester Stallone announced. Rocky's six. Then in early November, he announced Rambo four. Now the news, the lone fans have been waiting decades for. So Vester Stallone is Rocky Balboa. Are you going? And John Ramboa. Are you going? In Rocky's six. Rambo four. Rocky versus Rambo. Are you going? Are you going? Are you going? Are you going? I'm going. Are you going? Are you going? You're going? From the producers of Freddy Versusia. And then Alien versus Predator. Rocky's six. Rambo four. Rocky versus Rambo. Oh, hey, oh, Rambo. That's the mean. Let's look you got. Oh. Oh. Hey, oh, Rocky. Hey, no, what? Rocky's six. Rambo four. Rocky versus Rambo. Absolutely. Absolutely. And then soon, the lone fans. Twenty seven. No, no, no, no. You have no. Let's see. Hank picks Washington. I can't believe that. Can you believe that, Hank? Wow. Marks and sucks. I mean, they were desperate just to win a last game. Were they? I saw the end of it. I mean, they've been playing well, but, you know, they won five in a row. So the dolphins like I told Hank, one six in a row. Well, what does that mean about the price of peas in Peoria? I mean, nothing. He's their due to loose. Well, I just think they're more marginal at best. And Mark Brunel, oh boy. I mean, when you don't have like a top flight quarterback, you're not going to go anywhere in the playoffs. I'm sorry, Josh. Hey. What do you got? You got the Chris Sims. Chris, I mean, got the Brian Greasy to a few of you ever get to a heel up. There he will. I know. You got Chris Sims, who's daddy just won't show up for a lot of money. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, like that. Got to knees pop hands syndrome. Speaking of knees, pot fan, how about those Panthers? Let's see. They're playing all, yeah. There's another scandal. Oh, my God. You see, when Colin sports takes presence over a professional us sporting event, that's a that's scandalous to me. So obviously they got some, you know, real coach contract there with E. Hurri Keynes, because Hurri Keynes basketballs on a moral on our station and the Panther game, which happens to be a big game, the range of Panther game is on K. T. You see what I'm saying? I mean, the Panthers are on a, at least close to a professional sporting team as supposed to a college team, a college basketball. Maryland and the Hurri Keynes as opposed to the Panthers and the rangeers. So the Panther game is probably on K. T. I just, that's with the M.H.N.H.N. Yeah, there's there'll be a humongous tune in audience for that. I just find that hard to do it. And letting our tads after the Panther game, or after the, whatever it is. O.I.C. so what's probably going to happen is they'll after the Hurri King game to like swap it back over. I don't know what they're going to do, and they probably don't either. Many of our tads for the seven. I will say this about Joe Bell, our new GM. Yeah. Actually, uh, when we're, uh, huh? Yeah, go ahead. So I have to say came around and ask people about radio things like, how does this work? And what is that? You know, it's things about radio, which I find really refreshing and a breath of fresh air. Uh, it was a little bit of a bit of a bit of a breath of sports. No, I know. There you go. What a refreshing thing. By the way, yeah, it's lacquer. WAC, W-A-K-R, W-A-C-R, W-A-R, W-A-R, W-C-K-R. They see care. Boker-Bride. Oh, and by the way, I chicken that clean up your act a little bit. You can a little bit, click, carelessly lately. To say that he's a little bit more than happy to read on see it that bit in a clear and clean time. Did he tell you what the word was? But the word is a fact but. But oh, but oh, thank god. I'm sure it wasn't the F word, but it sounded there was just a little bit too fuzzy, you know? But it was a fuzzy but yeah, fuzzy but that's what it was. Maybe it was then stewards. Oh, sorry, Dan. Here's the fact that say, oh, come on, come on. A radio legend can't be somebody that was on the ear of never had any ratings. I mean, how does that give you a radio legend or broadcasting legend? She never would say that Angela Ray is a son for the blood broad. Not yet, but so. Oh, she will. She's the cackling legend. Facts is, oh, this is the university dodge. Must be a chemical campers boyfriend over there. You know, how many facts is we get over there? So it's also some cars and SUVs over there guys. It's also some trucks. They're busy, a faciness morning noon and night, but we sure like them a lot. We like Kimbo Bokehamp or a lot, too, even though he is a doldard. I didn't like her, but Sandy Peyton, manning then it says, Oh, Sandy Peyton, manning. Gay. I will get some votes and don't forget, hello, big. Big Wilson was not, he was on the ear for like two, three years. We didn't we go through this like at the beginning of this? Right. How long was the channel 16 on night owl movies, but the couple years? I don't know. I used to watch it. Maybe. See again. Here's the question. Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend? Not just somebody that you would like to. There was pop it. We could put Dave Dixon on there too. If you're going to put those like that movie things, Dave Dixon, I think, was equally. Maybe the more popular than big when you say and T graves. Oh, please. And jump in. I mean, I'm not the Russell Wases for Christ's sake. Sure. I'll tell you one thing, boy, you got a hand into a guy that's got very little talent. There's got it became a self-made, multi-millionaire. This is a little piece of trivia that I'm sure blind Michael remember because he actually called in. Nothing we were taking calls for off the ear. I'm doing weekends. I'm kind of like auditioning at IOD before I got my job at KAT. And I'm this doc, you can play music. And guess who I followed? A couple of weekends I worked there. Russell Wases. And I'm sitting there playing a record in the phone rings and I pick it up. WIs E. Hi, you sound like somebody. I don't know who I sound like. Michael Russell Wases. So from the very first day on a year and it wasn't even like a regular job to now. There was Mike Lance all the way through. He got to be like 98 now. I'd have that. Take a care yourself. Mike, we don't want to be an option. You're a little bit on your. You're saying like everybody else is saying the same thing. I'm dying out the hair. There's this Christ. Lou Rawls and Skipper Chuck and Dan Stewart and maybe easy but I can't find out. I hope not. Hope is he's okay folks. My handyman's because I want to get that fence finished. Well I tell you and I don't have to tell anybody. But I'll tell you anyway. Trying to get something done. Yeah. Trying to get your roof fixed or anything. It's just a man. A hassle and a half. A hassle. A hassle. Because everybody in their brother's got damage from Wilma and his result. A lot of these fakeers that you know ordinarily they're just sitting on their ass. They just overbooked. You know what Sam? What he said. Don't you think? Yes I do. Or maybe I should just have a lot more calls. I don't know. I sure like to find out about easy if he's okay. You think easy? Let's hope. Give it a kill. I'm going to be on how are you. Okay. I was again very sorry to hear about different shots that I was on to show and I remember you know I remembered vividly you know I was out sighting a time that was you know I'm not a kid. I don't know if you remember or I don't know George and I was down a long ago. He lived here but did he do you know to remember a child you know show calls on Fangio Billy? Yes. You did remember. Okay. So I think. Who show was that? That was. I don't remember. It was really I might have been before. It was a local kid show that you know you could go on you know. Well we know was a show that Wayne Chandler was on the kid show. Oh he's sitting here reading something funny with Robby the robot. Oh, I have to go my time. Yeah and I don't know if you spoke about it because I just turned in but Pat Robertson later. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I cannot wait till that man grows so that all better better be careful. God's finger has got to come down and strike your ass. Well you know what it's going to strike his ass because if anyone ever deserve to be smoked. Yeah. Yeah. Let's crucify. What do you say? That's not what I do to me. When Easter comes let's plan on it. I don't know. I just don't know where he's coming from or what he's thinking but he's got to be on some heavy medication. He's coming from the land of Babble, Babble and the Bible. All right we can. I love you, me. Say hi to a skipper chuck. Okay. Bye. Bye. Poor Chuck's sake man. The good people are the dead people and then there's the rest of us. Well that's bad. And then Lou Rawls. You don't even want to look at the at the wicked web anymore. Every time I go on here, this one just died and that one just lung cancer. And as you know, a quick smoke and 35 years before and brain cancer is well obviously it's scribe I want to say obviously but it would appear to the lamin. Wouldn't it? Wood. That's a cancer in his lungs sprayed to the brain and like a left foot connected to the left cheek and whatever. Good. Don't be smoking him. Fag it's all your kids out there. Sandy Payton for crying out loud. Who the hell are they? Can. Don't we have a Sandy Payton thing? That's a 6'n W I O D. South Florida's information and sports authority. And welcome back everybody. I'm Sandy Payton and we are delighted to have in the studio this morning. The number one radio broadcaster in the country. Oh, this is Neil Rajman. This is 5.62. There's a butt ice melon. I got that to move in. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Don't bother him. Go on. What is this? And on. Maybe other way. Go on. Keep going. All right. Do it. Do it. Go on. Go on. Go on. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. My...... Labour 2018 will go when the painful mo and painful mo would. It's painful to keep the vemos. It's the eyes the high of the march. Right there close to it's the highest of the march. Let's see how we are doing on the pole our goal. We got 1189 I think we're like maybe 14 hundred a day during the show. Of course, I put it on your fiber clock last night We had like this is our new head start program Who does like a little head start? Who is some for this all-time broadcasting legend? We got like I said about 1200 votes. The year Roger is 16. That's like 52 percent of all the votes got on my good How many told George and Josh? I'm sure and the scores with him from this pool I give you my best wishes. Can you believe the sun is shining man. It's beautiful. I believe it. This is the first time we've seen a sun in quite a while now Although it hasn't been that cold. There's no snow all you people. Oh geez. I have to air in a. No snow And it's a toasty minus eight Celsius, which is about I don't know what that is about 20 degrees. Oh, like I said This is the one cold egg, but but it's saying beautiful nice to sit inside look out have a nice big bowl of warm soup Maybe mushroom soup or a nice hot pizza from totis Or maybe you got pizza from a little bit. Thank you Brad. It's a new year of a Brad continues coming through for us nicely On like ourselves the barboards continues aggravating who knows that guy he is googly eyed Who suffered as a neorarges 16 Ralph rent a number in 75 skipper Chuck sink 88 Rick Shaw 76 happy new year Ricky Tickie good guy Rick Shaw little misunderstood nevertheless and vision 51 Larry King 49 Jim and it's 39 in fact. Larry King one more holding on is 50 votes McVenner 31 Bob we were 24 what is your screwed him over bad over there today a TV J said it man did they stick at him for we still have your Bob hang on Hank all birthday 19 Tony cigarette was seven silly silly goose Rick we were for there was only one mr We were all the that mr. Weaver don't make mistakes. He smelled kind of bad but nevertheless Craig were the four are knee worn three Bill Tanner got one sunny foxes got one Alan Courtney finally got one somebody over the age of a hundreds got a computer Sunny Hirsch and down Cox so far got the big that adjust under 1200 votes and I decided Our drill come into a frenzy I'm just whipped so anybody else if you want to see city of God my suggestion is don't do it Don't do it after you're on a full stomach I just keep waiting to find out what the big girl But only five minutes of it every time I after that I just was it all after the kids shot the other kid for no reason at all just I and there was no point to it Well, what is that mean? Let me say this and I'll say no more. Yes, give me a little option. Give me a thumbnail sketch of what this movie is really all about it's a story about several people and it's a story about lovely lady Don't go ahead and listen it's a sequence of events like a year up tight today. What's your story of a phyctic sentence We're 10 to 20. All right, it's right. It's like a chain if you mix a link It's gone forget about it. No part of that movie will make sense if you didn't see the scene before it and no part of it will make sense if you didn't see two scenes before that Okay, you have to watch it in sequence this this weekend I will watch the high I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I won't No, all right, but you still got to watch Magnolia though. I will as soon as I get it all I'll strap him down with tape and the toothpicks in the eyes like popcorn orange News and I'll make sure you like that too Which by the way, I John Cole producer of the Hank over show you did say he did like it a lot What about the movie? Oh my Noya yeah, well, how do you like that? I'm Tony. I think you would enjoy it There's no reason why you wouldn't like it. I'm open I like any one at a time. It is great long, but it doesn't it doesn't drag there are no dragging moments in this movie No drag queens either. You know, what am I favorite and I really sick movie that happiness movie The very opening scene where she's having she's got the was it a blind date or whatever Joy How could you forget her name? Joy. It's great by the way. Yeah, she's just fantastic and she's having dinner with him And he gives her something and he takes it back and says I'm not good enough for you You bet you the skanky or whatever And just leaves her sitting there and it's just if that will be so great, but very sick though. Yeah, I did right Josh See that one I don't believe so. I don't think you're ready for that I think you're not gonna forget it if you see it. Oh brother But I would say that the opening scene and then the very last scene That's your Josh. You got his legs, didn't he? And I don't I will say that they do they do close that movie out Yes, you don't have to wait. There's no unfinished business too Yeah There might be a little business on her face after dog whenever less Yeah, and everybody in that movie is so great. Thank you, Zara and the old man What else are you name again it plays this wine sheet? Not I'm good. Yeah, it's not being too big it down the whole thing is good. Anyway. Here's a fact another fact from one of these same people And then it says who am I oh? He just died by the way and not that long ago also speaking of dying people admiral Halsey Well, they admiral Stockdale who am I remember that? Oh, they're up for dirt Ross P. Rose running me so speaking of my queen is my biggest regrettery in the time I worked there Did I all hear this is again from the same anonymous person there? The fact sir who am I? This must be is this oh you know who this probably is? I got him wanted to move in when anybody that's probably him. Who? Whatever his name was I don't remember him. I'm thinking I'm going to be a passing employee the person's talking like they were there at the same time as I was But I can't think of who I worked with you. He's an propaganda It's Adam it could be it's his I knew it advanced from a little bride Jim. I love your show Neolurty a little old birdy. It's a bride well, bride would have been appropriate for Jim That Mr. Winner was going to get smith can after a show on that Friday morning. I also knew the same thing because Bob Green called me in a side light my call And I was that was so sad sitting there in my chair getting ready to do my show and watching me here We come in there I figured what they did there during the last part of his show was Roger doing something or whatever And he came in and he got his blue jacket and he took his little briefcase of whatever and he'd like to walk down and I felt so bad Is that so this class it says I doubt that the radio business could be so cool just to call again the PD's office after We're show he's been doing for years and years and years, but this Jim birdies Premonitions work confirmed when I saw Andy Napoleon Cald talk about a closet home Oh I see Jim and chucked my or preparing for the new show on the small studio by the coast any who I was boardopping the overnight That painful morning at about five thirty more went into producers room where there were male boxes and there was renewry sleeping in the dark on the couch I so much wanted to tell him that the show he was about to do is gonna be his last But I chickened smith it out the Jim birdy said it was a huge secret So renewry never got to tell Zodd he's goodbye in the year and that sucks My biggest regret is cause a 10-1 at morning they told him to get to how loud and you came on here pretending to be shocked If the birdy knew how you could not have known and I didn't know and you made the announcement micruder it was a garner Speaking of Roger, and he was producer that was weird the way we knew it would work his own board And Roger we just cut out newspaper articles in the on the room for hours and hours and got paid for that Didn't he want George's job? Yes, and then it says he was Mitch Weans friend. How do you like that? Oh Was he really? Oh Roger I love you Lots of sense. I we don't know who the season would be nice to be tell us But you want to keep playing game and sending us an honest fact that's okay, too Because they're mildly amusing and entertaining. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir copy Friday back to you I just got to let you know they closed the Hollywood sport tutorial And add Chris more on to your poll. Oh, yeah, okay I'm very strong Very damn like they used to say a number of steam very strong Remember that It was strong it was really strong. I can in fact I can smell it all the way up here Chris moron. Wow Actually, I have that somewhere on here. I wanted these banks, but I'm not I already came to the banks What all though Who again he bites his tongue really hard the blood is spurtin all over the place Yeah, we got to find out who that mystery fact is also gonna find out of my a handyman Izzy is still alive. I made it through his quadruple bypass somebody will call it Well, that's why he took all these calls that nobody seems to know you know because that guy to call the yesterday We sounded like a crate didn't sound like a crank call to you it did Yeah, I see you're a handyman Not a hard attack and die click you know the fish right some like that. Maybe we'll just look at blessy WQAM hello deadline What's it all right? Amy I'm sick of these nut cases like that Robertson you know I got we're talking to people at the all the time and no one listens to them or at least many words But you got a hand it's a man. He's got a nice taskery scan go in here and just keep stopping off a lot of crap You fairies, what is he trying to say How about now? Are you still eating there? That's what you're doing you know it you're so uninvolved to show today That's because you started out with that granola bar, which the other car We find carbs in there worked up an appetite now. You're just sucking down the food from my Tony's or very He's on 40 lb by the way right up the street from QAM at 109 second or third or whatever it is What is it 93? I'll just put the pizza right here in front of me on the board 1.93 and 4.41 really. Yeah, I would say their pizza now is the best when you it is It's an especially when it prices that good. I listen to me sure need it all because Pizza burger we got an extra one to make sure to have enough for him Have an extra slice for the mall man into a clock and see if he'll take it and by the way Let's somebody come in and do a little something special on it This is the one This m Dienst employee What a pity and this portion of the new redgers a total1 hell is brought to you by thewww stupid guy I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I'm gonna be the teacher. I know what character follows you so good friends. It's no good thing about you. I know how you know who it's, what it is. Who's a boy? You'd rent me your body, so the opportunity to take your moment to be set. and I know something could be significant and much better. Let's show the peaks. Fter, Lennick. What's your piece of I'll pick that piece of I'll pick that piece of Come on, one at five sixty. WKWA and the home of the man's circus is Jim Sarni called it. The man's circus ends now. We got Joe Bell and they have big room. George said Joe Bell said ice guys about three feet tall comes up to George's hip down on the Puggy sign. Now what you said? I said he's exactly my height. Comes up to Josh's hip. I see. Anyway, delay ink lobbying firm has likes to three capital scandals. How do you like that? Oh my God. Representative Tom Delays campaign to get Republicans to dominate Washington lobbying may have worked too well for Alexander strategy group. The firm has likes to know if he would then three of the scandals convulsing the West capital. One partner from or delay a Tony Rooney. Is now a focus of a federal investigation lobbyist at Kvermoth. How what are he's kind of Kelly Rudy? The old goalie. The group's founder former Delay Chief of Staff Ed Buckham set up a South Korea junket for his old boss and violated ethics rules and the firm represents a company whose owner prosecutors alleged, Prime former representative Randy Cunningham. Oh, not to Duke. Duke. Now, what is he? What is he? A old fuzzy butt. Fuzzy butt. Alexander strategy's links to lawmakers and outgrowth of a decade long effort by Delay 58 to force lobbying firms to hire more Republicans who can direct corporate money to the party. The system's known as Delay Inc. or the K Street Project has fueled a surge of money in politics and critics say it's also created the potential for greater corruption. I got this for a Tom Delay in C. Nothing yet. His answer is indeed due to up to his earlobes. Alexander strategy group has really part of Delay Inc. and Abraham off in Seagull. Alexander strategy group has really part of Delay Inc. and Abraham off in C. and Melanie Sloan. A former federal prosecutor now had citizens for responsibility in ethics and Washington. And that takes Waxberg group. There have been some aggressive prosecutors trying to unravel those ties. I'm sure that Alexander strategy is going to have more than Tony Rudy's problem when this is over she'd be saying. I'd like that. They got just like Ariel Surron, baby. They got real tourists. Now, a short time ago, we spoke with A. But Brock, and he says the real legacy of its as a gravely ill, baby. gravely ill. God is punishing him for his illegal settlements and for his terrorist activities and things like that. But other than that, he was a great prime minister. Just ask the fanatical zoo, as they'll tell you. 1260 votes on the poll. I think we got a real good shot of 1400 today. I think Joshua right there down his counter. We real feather in our crap on it. That'll be the first thing I write down on the news. And look at those phones, baby. Just when we thought we were kicking some serious big ass and we get some real good information from the crowd today. I guess, is he must still be alive because somebody would have called if he wasn't. I think. Sure, or fact, or something. Do you think so? Yes. I sure hope so. I mean, he was just in my house over the weekend. I'm sure that, I mean, he drank his own beer. So I, you know, or nearly, I'm not one of those people go without him by his beers. What are you laughing about? Well, it's good that he brought his own beers. Well, he did. We don't keep no beers in my house. We do. Well, I'm sure you do. I'm working in this place. I can understand, Leslie, why? Especially little kids probably are going to crank. Five. Oh, and here's Josh's favorite line. WQAM, hello. Look over from yesterday. And it's the whisperer with a new little routine this year. Well, he's got some, see, the guard work had learned from him. He's got a new routine this year. And we, at the tip of the old rookie, Tiki had to him. That's faithful of the sunrise. Oh, yes. Five, six. Yeah. You know, it really is a hoot when you go, when you've got nine phone lines in coming. And you see one ringing and you know, and oh, it's got a big. That's a give you a tip off on a soft photo, Trial Show Market. WQAM, hello. QAM. Neil, how are you doing? All right, pal. Hey, I'm so glad you guys are talking about happiness. That's, what am I favorite movies as disturbing as it is? Yeah, it's very disturbing, yes. Yeah, I was going to suggest if you get like that movie, there's another movie by Todd Salon's title to welcome to the Dawnhouse. Okay. I don't know if you see it's a little bit, it's not quite as disturbing. It's a little bit more, I guess slightly like hard edge, but it's equally funny. That's right. You might like it, Neil. Yeah. So, yeah, it's definitely worth digging out. Did you see City of God? I saw City God, and I liked it. Yeah. You know, personally, I liked it. Yeah. You know, I actually just saw Magnolia for the first time after listening to the recommendations on your show and I enjoyed it as well. I've got Tom Cruise who's way over the top and just more showing to his closet, his closet's fantasy. Yeah. So, thank you. Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. I think he almost came out and now we'll be doing two of the implying. I don't know. He's only deferring. 560, 560, 1056, and see there's that, I don't know what's clear at the time would be going. What is it? 92 to 95 somewhere near? Maybe a little beyond that. I'm talking about reclume for dream and magnolia, the happiness of those movies came out. They were really sensational and really bizarre. There was a friend. Yeah. I mean, now we got beer back cowboy. He's pretty much it. Critically claimed? Yeah. Go ahead. Go in the piece. WQAM, hello. I need a lawyer. Pretty good. No. You know, these Palestinians are the biggest pieces of garbage for you to stop to not stick up for his real and Sharon and what he did against me. What does that mean? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I mean, not just take out your ways. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does what mean? I say a play on all their houses. If they want to kill each other, let them have the time. Get out of here. Okay. Go eat some halivar. Get out of my face. For me, not to stick up to you for Israel. It took me a long time before I finally, you're wise up with that whole deal. You know, this business day hit us. We hit him back. You know, this Sharon rocks. And we're like blowing that crap away, you know. And additionally, it's this thing with Iran. It's really kind of disturbing to me. I was just thinking about that during the break. I was reading a story online here about how to help we keep the bush out of going to a ran next. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that they don't know is there is it written somewhere in the world constitution assuming there would be one that if you don't like Israel therefore you can't express that opinion if you hate them like poison. Yeah. That's a whole business. I don't know about you folks, but I'm not one of those people that thinks I want to hinder the future of my life based on how Israel is doing. If I never heard about Israel again, it would be soon enough for me. And by the way, I'd like to point out very rapidly that Israel has got nothing to do with the end Jewish. The majority of the Jews in the world are nine men in them. And most of them don't live in Israel, most of them live in New York and in Florida, Palm Beach is a matter of fact. And in Toronto, here we've got 200,000 Jews here. I know it is. Well, the Arabs aren't too happy, but nevertheless, yeah, how for you not just so far, you had a law, so okay, this years ago I just gave me a lecture. What I should think when I should say, you mama. You have a little rest of your life. You have a little rest of your life. I'll take a professional job. Although it was kosher. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Not there on two in a loud dial tone, two that's annoying. 560, 560, pound five 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. He was a fat guy for their Jerusalem. They need to be came later as Israel is in Jerusalem. I was great. Keep that one cute upboard, because I think you could be dying any second now. And then, of course, that BB Netanyahu, BB Netanyahu is another good one for it. Another good Jewish Nazi. 560, I think we're going to get any calls the rest of the day. It must be taken out for the weekend. There's something like that. Must be a busman's honey, because it's looking really grim to me. You know, looking grim in slim? It's good. Although now that our six-minute delay is caught up, and they hear me give it the numbers out. See, that's a real, a little problematic over us, but you know what? Like I said, we don't worry about problems. That's our news resolution. We just want the paycheck. That's all. Joe Bells are good guy. He likes us. He's happy. Everybody's moving into a new building. Except me, I'm staying right here. And they're good luck to you. So that means you'll be down there with a ghost of packs and hanging out. Maybe that's right. Maybe the Jews for Jesus later, the board again, whatever she was, from far away. Yeah, be the transatlantic. For union, we'll have to have an exorcism, of course. Right, no question about it. Somebody QAM, hello. Yeah, I got one for your poll. Yes? And down, gotta be real for it. He's at number two on the poll right now, I just got 180 votes. Okay. And I thought, that's right. Okay, great thing. Oh, God, you people are special. There's no question about it. Just I can deliver, and I say, at corn sure is special, you are a trip. WKOM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Great, sensational. Just wanted to mention a couple of names for the South Florida broadcast in legends. I don't know if anybody had mentioned these two guys. Bill Ross, of course, a channel seven was a weatherman there from 1935. Right. He's going to be also, he's two on all the promos. Exactly. He works from 55 into the late 80s. So, uh, I don't know if anybody's going to know who that is though. Of course not. He was the best one of them and we ever had down here. And then, well, wait a minute. Are you, are you knocking Bob Weaver and the Wayne Chandler? Uh, well, Wayne Chandler was with Tony the rope, but I mean, he was like, he can weather die. Yeah, they're not. I like Wayne Chandler is a good guy. Yeah, no, I was never knocked Bob Weaver. Bob Weaver was great in his day. In fact, I was president of the Bob Weaver fan club. Are you serious? I'm serious. Uh, even though we weren't that too pay on the guy's straight. It was good in his day. Yeah, he did good guy too. Where he's a lot of money for charity. Did a lot of good things in the name. Screwed them over something fierce there with TVJ. You managed when people at TVJ should only croak. I don't want to take it personal, but they really screwed in bad. They, they did. Even though he was getting a little seen out for me. And the long and the truth, but they got a little Bobby Mears still on the year. I'm 15 phone books looking at the 10 years old. I'm like, I like a little Bobby there, but for Christ 6, I think he paned hanging on the Him. I know Bob Mears and I seem into the two of them. They're left at WTVJ. Yeah. But I also wanted to mention Walter Cronis who was a channel 10 from the whole time. You, you, there's again. He died. The need of the year to go. No, no. What? He's still alive before as I know he died. I didn't read about it. I didn't hear about it. But he was a channel 10 of the VPLG from the late 60s. Right. And he does go down in my book as the worst weatherman that ever was down there. Because he didn't know what he was talking about. Bobby Dan. But he was here for a second. And speaking of that, I almost forgot this before. I didn't want to argue with Hank because I don't hank his on the payroll that he'd be seen He has been. But Keith Jackson 77 years old, he disgraced himself in the rose bullier than I don't care. What the humpers is? His performance was so embarrassing. He had no idea what that. Not just a couple of him is, say, he didn't have any idea what was going to hold game. Yeah. He was lost. I'm humiliated for him. But there's no worse than going out like a clown man. That you don't understand? Exactly. You're going to go out on top. Not like a clown. Like, well, not like Bob Soapar, right exactly. Oh, come on. I'm like, hey, Sally. Oh, that's bad. That is really bad. Bob Soapar is a good friend of ours. Then you go out like a friend. I don't think they kind of pushed him off the edge of the set. There's what happened. The worst thing I ever saw in my life was not not this last day. I've got this last hurricane season for the previous year. I remember I got stuck down there next to day because whichever hurricane it was was a Charlie. Whatever was. And I'm watching Channel 4 and I got the hurricanes spending hysterical, especially fine on the cross on it. And Soapar is sitting in a back and he's, he's branding weather bulloons to a Brian. And I like, like a lackey, like a go for it. Isn't that the meaning? Yes. I would have been, I would have been. I would have got a high five the screen if Soapar were to just sat on him. Of course Brian, how did they do? I didn't really believe it. Brian, how did they live with a, I thought, hey Brian, you're fair. 12 13 at 5.60 QM Walter Corona. I said, can't believe you don't remember Walter with a bow tie. You were there. I was. Yeah. He said to the early 90s. Channel 10 weather guy. Goofy looking guy with glasses and a silly bow tie. Looks like a clown on, on stills. Oh, more suicide bombers in Iraq. I just sampled crap. A lot of bodies, a lot of man. He got a ride. He's screaming. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm 16. Nothing new. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Oh. Yeah. Oh, look. Oh. Thanks. I don't have people like to be bad about you and fuck. Oh. Thank you. But it's pretty cool. Oh. But, it's pretty cool. Yeah. What big rock. We just spend stacks of the colour. So in life. I can get someone just to buy them. I'm feeling more I'll get my dad in some more days And I'm gonna run him all the way He's gonna get you some more days So I don't know what I'd try to do Next I'd go to school I'm shooting you I can't get you some y'all I've been so bad And what I try to do Next I'd go to school I'm shooting you I can't get you some y'all I'm dying out of the hair From 19 But that's one of the few bits he ever did That fades out He didn't do too many of the failures You know? Well, you don't know that's a very good point Yeah, he always says because you're one of those people Like they climactic ending I would like to meet the whippered at whatever His is kind of like fade out Like Andy Williams who appears to be fading out if you're seen with him By the way, we might want to tell Jeff Heiz They were to stop again Since he's been facting stories all day long today I don't think you're gonna have that problem to worry about too much longer now Really? No, I just have that feeling I have a feeling that no matter what happens with highway We'll still be stuck Turn it again while you were on vacation As a while Yeah Because it was a Miguel or was it you Josh Said that to mean unsuspecting on a wares Miguel, you know he he'll send me any fangs as you get Or even one from Greg from forcing loosely you taxed to me Which of course got torn up immediately Just like that spot that Todd Grekka affects me this point And I'm not gonna do a torn up immediately in Schmidt-Kand You think you're playing really fast and lose don't you Todd sweetheart Aren't I with your little boiler room back there and Forget about it Luser absolute loser She still come up to your kneecap Well, you know, I'm kneecap hide already you know Matt Sushi this shows 103 inch plasma Top set or fat screen TV's beats the same song record He was no indication when it will hit the shelves 103 inches man. You gotta have a big living room Right Big one I'm not gonna small living room. I got to look at 40 synced 16 Samsung and When I kid killed the other He was an HD by the way. It'll be pleased now So when the blood was spreading out of the shoe after He hit the foot it was like all over my floor Matt Sushi the electric industrial the maker of Panasonic products He said yesterday is it all day prototype of a 103 inch plasma display model The world's largest touchscreen man is big. It's huge Oh, God if we don't only had that for the orange bull I Let's see what I'm gonna get confused which was the orange boy. What game not that wasn't it that was the fiesta the festival Notre Dame yes That was the chick to lay chick got laid the eight I said the toastitos Yes, they toastitos festival if we had 103 inch we're not gonna reach in there like here I'm getting a Brady quinn little pad on the back shoulder on the back said you go Brady. They might have put Notre Dame over the top The prototype should be on display at the consumer electronics show in Vegas appears to put Matt Sushi slightly ahead of South Korea same-star electronics for bragging rights over who can develop the biggest flat panel TV Mine is bigger than yours is haha. I think like that. That's the new thing over there with them jams We're feeling oh I got a great. I have a Japanese story that'll send you into orbit alright. Yeah When then are told to have a litter in the year of the dog And true story okay, I didn't know they suffered from under population over there But they have evidently other having a real population probably you know that. I know I didn't I think that Truman helped to a star fan But did he father some no, he just getting a bomb and then another bomb a grande Samson grabbed headlines his last year CES consent the consumer electronics show by unveiling a 102 inch size-minute play prototype Neither companies make their when or if these monstrous screens will actually reach door shelves are of surprise Samson both the largest plasma TV now in a market having are you ever gonna guess what movie was on I and another thing Speaking of doopsah hazard on my trip back from no sure sound a plane trip when my plane trip from a hell from four-laterdale to here The movie they showed was the doopsah hazard which that has been out that long ago. Sorry You know me too that long ago needed to be but and then so I was channel surfing the other day and it was the doopsah hazard episode And Josh Snyder was none of the head. They had a backup guy with a blonde who huh a sub a state yeah Who looked a lot like him? Would the same blonde here and he was driving the plume through the dodge what are what kind of car was that? The larger God's charger right by told you well, it's put me thought things though What was the other car that is so though that's before your time out there was a car with a big tail fins you know in the triple lights That's they sees you knew when the new cars came out the dodge had like two lights on the tail light two little lights And the visotto had three Who who no more decero us that would be a good pull to take somebody what's your favorite car? They don't make no mole that's a good idea now is it also a real or party I think make a normal old movie Well, I'll be there. I had an old date. It was a pun of hand that Larry can't sold me to be gonna dead the tacos So your old man and it had a little problem ahead you know the water the water the water the radiator No, I'm not the radiator the little water thing for the radiator The gauge that evolved the little plastic box okay Anyway, that thing was avoiding the water was boiling all the time you could borrow spaghetti It was a beautiful looking car. I mean I broke down on a zoo and told the causeway one time had to have a total way on a way to work at KT that Larry can't man. He was something I can't say the word on the air. He still did Samsung boasts the largest plasma TV now in the market having started sales of an 80 it 80 is models of three in October and you know how much that cost I get up boy. You got to pay a lot per inch So I heard a 130 grand a hundred and about thirty man Mats and she to read I mean what kind of a millionaire you have to be to buy a TV like that? Of course, I guess if you're gonna have a big room to put it in if you got to the kind of way to buy it right right How we got about a five minute dollar house Mats and she to recently began selling a 65 inch plasma set for about 86 hundred bucks in Japan Mats and she to the world's top seller plasma TV said the bucket of manfully 103 instead would probably come from businesses Schools and medical institutions, but it also said the man from consumers looking to set up home theater theaters The man for live screen TV is expected to further increase as digital high definition broadcasting service continues to expand throughout the world Mats and she to set the prototype and have full high definition specs meeting can produce images at the highest standard of 1920 by 10 that pound baby pixels of resolution all boy sure like look at them little pixels Developing panels able to display a full high definition picture has been a major challenge for plasma makers because of numerous hurdles inherent in the technology So how would you just come to a pretty short of a home near you? I mean like that I Right stands toward picked a wrong time to check out Mr. TV boy Well, okay, let's see what we got on the poll. Who is south Florida's all-time broadcasting legend? 204 Dan's who was only 45 you know scary in the George? Well, that really well 258 votes now you don't want to tell the story about that pink no sure I was using that no that's bad the guy just died for Christ say you are a bastard man. Yeah, that says a humor He did have a great sense of humor. He was a little weird for him. But he'll not be talking about pink Dildos after the guy just died come on Now fill me in well Maybe we'll come back still me in you are you are you are you know Don't know anybody who takes you advice on that vibrating shaving instrument a yours that you're so What's up about you're not fooling me? How do you know you're not fooling me? How do you know you're working out that we took a what you're shaving when you're asked with and sort out of these other guys and I fool in me this old Fag I get such a great shave from my whatever these damn moge let things are you even get a closer shave with a Apparations She's an athlete broken glass trying to think of something you would anything That's how close of a shave I get this guys. Give me a son and so with the vibrating everything You've got a vibrating pin in there to check the law Retto never less okay here's what we got on a poll so far quit quit as per version Okay, we're bearing people like crazy and you're starting with filth again This goes Howard's starting on Monday on the serious Who you do realize he's the all-time human legend not just broadcasting he's the legend of mankind and And he's gonna be the poster child for the history of the human race Good luck to us you know what I mean? He's looking kind of got these days too. Must be that $280 million that he had done buckwhew all just gonna be a it's way them down Who is straffler is all-time broadcasting legend out of 1263 will get to 1400 if it's the last thing we do Neo Roger 659 Ralph Redneck 182 skipper Chuck Chuck's thing 94 Rick Shaw 77 Sunset strip we were doing with 6660 I get that confused George my hair was on root 66 who and who's yellow guy George? I remembered that from yesterday. Oh, yeah, what's up with his name because once you said it the camera growing a bell 777 Sunset strip was on that You have no idea. I'm looking I do remember George my hair is you're fairie Let's see Rick Shaw 77 and Bishop 53 very king 51 mad dog 44 Mike 232 Bobby weaver 26 we with the weather man and for gonna be driving night drive carefully Very used to like kind of like Point at the end of the weather and like kind of like goose step toward the camera. Yes, he would he was he was a he would a hoot Stuart Bailey I'm a little bit 777 Sunset strip 77 and when you remember the theme though, I'm sure yes, I said strip and then he used to do the Unier from symbol is junior was on that like that before we start even a Bible on the Goi show channel at burns Oh, at Perky burn daddy at burns Hank over 21 20 Cigarette O8. Oh, this thing is just the hopped around on me now Tony Cigarette O9 like I just said Rick weaver five quick wording for are you one three are you an Amos? Was that famous in this? Bill Tanner's got two what? Sunny Fox one down costume and I'll court he won and study her stress and peace. So far got the video. Oh, like I told you This is Neil Rogers This is five sixty two Fanny West and as per our phone conversation I talked to Peter North the other day He tells me your real name is Neil down and he's still ain't interested in the most Bill of New Year is now the musical event of the year the broke back mouthy soundtrack The songs you love from the movie you're afraid to admit you love Oh no Strap on your leather shafts and you'll write them cowboy the broke back mouthy soundtrack If I'm to stay at the by M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the by M.C.A They have never been beyond men you enjoy you get happy all the ball Are there a more chance good news? About 34 final six the WM happy 30 happy your Friday almost at Thursday. Do you want a mark? Cause I would have to stick that one day So it seems like bonus Plus it was New Year's was a really exciting thrilling travel day I had thank you so much for Labor Day a Hollywood international airport for a second big time when that places is a zoo Cow sales member dead here's what that lady quote about missing since Katrina. Oh, very cow So photograph in 2004 like I said old and ugly. Well, I'd say if there's a god, what does he do this to us? Well, to them very cow sale member of the popular singer 60 singing family of the cow piles was found dead on a wolf Nearly four months after he disappeared. Maybe he was sitting on the dock of the bay. Oh, that's bad When Hurricane Katrina flooded the city was only 51. Oh, not for Barry cow pile Cow sales body discovered December 28 from the Charles Street Warf was identified with devil records Tuesday The corner had been determined the Acosident but believed it was related to the devastating hurricane which just struck the city August 29 Cow sales who lived on and off into Orleans hadn't been heard from since see let phone messages from a sister September one Well probably because he was dead when you think I would have had now they tell us he's been dead for quite some time said Richard Cow sale his brother We love him and we're gonna miss him, but he's much in a much better place in my mother's arm said Richard don't you love when people say stupid things like that He's in a better place. Well, that's your sales. How about a lot of think about this planet The cow piles inspiration for the TV series the partridge family after huh? We don't know where would of the company I was with out the partridge family and David Cassidy In fact, he's probably huffing his David Cassidy blow up doll right now. Wonder if he's got a pink one Pink what the cow sales the inspiration for the TV series the partridge cigar the partridge family recorded the series Us of songs between 67 and 70 including the random part of the things Indian lake and the in Lake and here They were also a spokesperson for the American Darius Association appearing in commercials and print ads for milk. Oh, kind of like the almerphy Well, I sure was a big deal Murphy fan. I'll tell you that could be player watch. I Time the almerphy low bat yeah probably. Oh boy He not only complained, but he sure oh, sorry. What I didn't want David to step on you like that look good Dale Murphy. I'll ahead that one little yeah, then and recap pimple the one is for us. What do you call that like a thing a mole a mole Where I got always running around the building working for the mole. I wanted before he actually Please out his desk and exit the building the last time where the Greg will find a mole Maybe it was on screw hands back. Oh my time right now that it's safe. Maybe the mole will expose themselves Oh, that's hope not. Oh, it's bigger than that. Where's the effect from the IOD and Mr. and the board up? Good question. Maybe it's San Stuart passing from the other side Like you said got a hell of a sense of humor. Oh, we're fine. Get any message about is he rest in hopefully okay Am I supposed to be feeling guilty because he was doing work all over the neighborhood. I think he just he just cut off more than he could chew man You could do so much one over it can only do so much. He worked like a horse And then all of a sudden I and I don't know what what the outcome would be Senate Democrats began building a case yesterday against the Supreme Court nomination of Samuel a. Lito Jr Send we got his difference to executive power setting the stage for next week's confirmation. He needs to become a battle over person bushes Contention that he can bypass torture and surveillance laws. If we don't have a president, no, we got a dictator We got dignity. We got dictator In some of the parents is yesterday three key Democrats on the duty teacher whatever committee So they planted the leaders past writings about executive power to an escalating dispute over bushes expansive view of his constitutional power as commander and chief Senator Patrick Lehi here for months at a leader. What argued for greater presidential powers as young lawyer in the Reagan administration had pushed for one of the legal mechanisms By bush last week to assert the power to bypass Congress Congress to actually approve the legal limits on torture Chuck Schumer of the earth said he plans to quizzily do about a speech that I'm in a delivery to the conservative federal society in 2000 I wonder if he had a swastag on his head In his speech a leader when Dorsey legal theory that calls for stronger presidential control of government operations and a reduced rule for Congress dictator Senator tent Kennedy said He said today in 84 member of either road saying that the attorney general should be immune from a lawsuit over illegal wire tapping A leader support for circumventing wiretap laws is significant and led to the disclosure that bush is authorized wiretapping of Americans international calls and spread of the 70 law that required warrants for search surveillance Kennedy said is there any limit to executive power and authority that this nominee will recognize Executive power issue is front and center now The American people are very sensitive to where this is all going and whether there's going to be accountability Want to do what's right in terms of their security Let's say a lot oversight baby Safety safety Well, I should like to find that old bag. I will get to that women are told to have a liter in the year of the dollar. I want to know more about that. I want to get to it Some questions once you finish with that pink panther theory or pink cigar I don't think I would that would be in very even for you. I don't even know how we could tell that story on the air Well, you consider these circumstances. Oh, that's right I mean you don't have to tell anybody why you were danced towards apartment No, that's not what I'm worried about just the the nature of the beast there The color of the instrument is that what you say the various colors of I said the pink panther. Well, it wasn't all pink, you know And I see that Let me give you folks a little tip. That's exactly right. Yeah, we you're going to heck of a job Browning Just stop stop quit while quit while you're behind Now if you're going to tell me that's the rejoining I'm not buying that so I'm just I think listen, I don't make the rejoining That doesn't even come close to being a rejoin. Okay, it's not even in the ballpark would be in the rejoin. Hey, Clarence you any Wanna a lot of talk little boy And now the show let's see antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government It's the West Texas win excuse me, Mr. President, but I Why are you wearing headphones sir? Oh, hey Nick a monitor some illegal wire taps Mr. President. Do we have people to do that? But I have the really important call sit right here to the overall zone. Oh, oh, hang on some of them big is coming over Oh, what is it sir? Where do the terrorist attack? No, Brittany is kicking Kevin out the house again Any just set up a date with Lindsey Lohn. Oh, that no come back next up for a fair and balanced Confessual conservative view of our government in action only on the West Texas wait, but that's disgusting I just got like a bloody nine nostril chunk cut on my upper by a nice There's your president by the way Chopper then Speaker said a few there's a home of the cops. Did he tell a joke? I say we're Mr. Speaker maybe next year Florida man hurricane generator reimbursement program Florida officials are considering any A popular program that reimburses residents regardless of income for generators and response to concerns That the eight has evolved into a large government giveaway that doesn't reach the state's need is In other words if you a pool pool, so you ain't going to get one if you got plenty of cash hey Here's a couple of generators The intent of the program was not to provide you a generator for free Craig Fugan director Florida, Georgia, we're director of FEMA Said in interview on Thursday. We don't want fraud and waste in our programs We don't lot our dollars not go out of the intent of victims with the intended purposes the program which we Embrace this Floridians her generators chain saws and other items is a hurricane is approaching or when the Immediately after after math we words the whoa the way this is written is so good We words those unprepared for storms Instead few of its employees should be encouraging people to be prepared ahead of time to incentivizes a sales tax exemption on generators The state offered a sales tax holiday last year for hurricane preparedness Florid's also exploring with a local government's using federal money could alone generators to poor residents with the medical unease or disabilities Few good says it seems to me before really looking how to meet the needs of disaster victims any power back to the people of the greatest risk is certainly good policy The sunset will be for the last month and more than 300,000 for billions got generators and the other cleanup items pay for by taxpayers the past two hurricane Season the cost is now we're 244 million FEMA runs the reimbursement program of the state pays 25% As of yesterday, FEMA had distributed a hundred and two million dollars a main brisman's for our just for Wilma Most reimbursement money went to middle and upper in comeeries of Florida while poor residents including some would life-threatening ailments Went without power because they couldn't afford generators These are probably the same people aren't allowed to vote In response some software members of Congress denounced the program calling in a waste of money and your Fed asked governor says the program is flawed how do you like that a lot five six seven oh five sixty Town five sixty in the Verizon singular right a socket and it's family is still making arrangements for poor dance to it all we're fine You're like talking about pink dillows and stuff. I think that's the most tasteless crap. It probably was Now I've ever heard in my life that is just so you you're just heartless You just wait man if God forbid if God you should be walking off your car gets struck by lightning or get right over by a Mac truck We're just going to take your mains and show them a dumpster by over their next door have a good time behind that old folks Still gonna brush my ass and have a party now. Let me ask you something since the radio station is moving which was certainly a well kept secret from me for until yesterday Which you told me is kind of an afterthought Yeah, yeah, yeah, well nobody bothered tell me not honestly and it's as opposed to be like a big secret from the world or I'm what's wrong No, I mean I realize that we're kind of like slippery and try to like avoid innovative everybody probably avoiding both electors But now that's the taxing building right that kisses in down the street the former tax and building one of them I used to have to go to and pick up the check right now over your channel building correct right Cosmoholabri. Well, that's a nice building. It used to be they trashed it up a little bit But dumpster. We're gonna fix it up a little bit. Who's they? Packs in clear channel. Oh clear channel. Oh God Man, that thing's gonna have to be fumigated if Peey Boulder was in there and rather simple thinking Yeah, I went and out clean that place out See in the the taxing building the clear channel building the bees they building then this is like like I told you me for it's like creating baseball cards Oh, let's quit for that license. Okay. Let's quit for that building. Let's flip for the format. Okay. Let's get flip wolves to be our spokesman for Beesley What a joke. Oh, your friend is back in line nine Q. I am a heavy reading line. Hey, what's going on Neil? Somebody different. Yes, sir. Hey, what's good. Look at what I'm in poly from pop Springs. All right, poly you You would love it out here, buddy. No, thanks. I dreamed I died and went to home of heaven really I'm in Toronto already in home. Oh heaven Trust me. Hey, man. Your web page is looking good. I got one complaint though. What is that? You need more pictures of what I don't know you guys You don't want to see us believe you me Come on Neil. You're looking like that side Yeah, you're so excited. He looks exactly like he looks on the air exactly Holden here a gray here. That's them You know something I think I just was inspired. We have like a guest the ass contests. I don't have a picture of everybody's ass And every month will put a different ass on there and you can Look at contests decide who you got ass. Oh, yeah, okay, okay. I'll subscribe Neil you got my vote for the broadcast legend buddy. Well, thanks pal. I appreciate it. Have a good time out there in the butcher Oh, we'll do okay, see you buddy He's probably got a pink one too 567.0560 pound five 60 leave a rise in singular rattle line on a great Friday January the six were one of the new year and things are really looking up in QA and book and across the street They're really looking down I wouldn't be surprised of all these days soon. Why Mike calls back in with the spire for it on seven. I need being sold You run on vacation at David. He call I remember Josh he called in to give us that report. Yeah, I did but we don't know if it's true We can broadcasting he said we can block it. They got some good jingles, but he don't know more about the man My life there will really be a sad situation because you'll find where doesn't own anything. You know, maybe owns a car probably a trade out Maybe owns a Jaguar But they just leasing that thing from Jefferson pilot and Jefferson pilot really sold it to somebody else They might just say hey this leaves at least the old sucks We don't want that crap on here that juice guy and a toast and and hot tomorrow You know the garbage I got on here And maybe then we can get your rose back to fill two to four I mean I can't believe I got a lot. Yeah QAM hello Yes, sir a common only mention Wayne Ferris Well, he sure is how often he was on there for a hundred years. Yeah I mean Right at the circus after him. Remember See a comment That's bad Wayne Ferris see I don't want to go through this again because it's my Alzheimer's when he gets old Even when I was young I can't keep it straight between Wayne Ferris and Wayne Chandler They both were in real bad car crashes one of them lived and one of them die. I got it And I know which one it is right right you remember we've had that conversation as in times Maybe not as in but at least we heard it man right So which Wayne is not in which way I'd like to see a push-knob days. He's but you know That would be bad wouldn't it yeah, I don't say it to wish that on our buddy You're very 567 on areas back again I knew it'd be back QAM breathing line Hello He's not there or nothing happened to it. There he is. Hello. Oh, no, yes, sir. It's another or somebody. Yes. Oh So great to get through This is Andy from St. Louis, Missouri. Oh my god Holy Toledo I know you're I should have your Catholicity otherwise they'll kick your ass out of sing Lewis Oh, they ought to they ought to kick my ass solid but I escaped put to the wrong reasons Yes, I you probably don't remember me. I'm kind of a panic But I was on the Leonardo DiCaprio on crack looking kid and I was the dreadlock hippie looking kid Remadness and Bill Kicks relentless CD Oh, I'll be back in the day. Uh-huh. I do remember that. I still have that bill hit CD And I still haven't listened to it I tell you the great one No, wait next time I'm home. I listen to it I just saw it the other day when I was down in Florida getting bored for three days. Oh my word Yes, I'm here. This is the other reason I guess I called and I know it's a old news of course Yes, Andy, but Harry and her cube Was the reason Yes, he was The reason I had I had do or was allowed to escape from Miami I was a university of Miami student and I was so sorry To a girl named Farrah and She threw whatever reasons I won't bore you to hell She went into a coma and I'm actually now I disabled individual on the quadriplegic inferring some whole other news that I won't bore you with And if you have any more good news for us, I know I'm just like a fresh air It's great to be there and being so fresh and full and loving Anyway She was an a coma for From April 17 until May 30 when she died Jesus This story just keeps getting better and better Oh, I guarantee you I can I'm gonna take it up a whole rebel fear Neil. Yeah, I have to be the most evil and terrible person on earth To literally kill my wife I had to escape this was like about if you remember I mean those dates are obviously not perfect But this was fairly close to the Terry issue the one of the Lovers your wife had a cube. How much are you saying exactly? Wow, and you had a game She had her own cube and I of course as a husband was supposed to have You know medical rights and so right but her mother got very involved And the only reason that my life was not turned into what happened with the whole Terry and the cube system It because her mother was from Singapore and didn't understand our media and how to like ruin my life directly So I was able of being an evil evil bastard and literally stuck in there in the middle of the night with a bunch of allies But I would kind of like Teresa on passions The key is tie we have me come in right I've got I've got literally Another mother that it didn't they're literally distracting Nicole which is far as mother the right and While she's been distracted I can hear the sound of people like blowing their brains out while we listen to this calling Anybody but it's here on the right all right real quick in right and closing yes In closing literally with all of these allies always bullshit. I literally What's that? Okay, listen good luck to Andy. Wow. I want to do a coma there. Oh I mean coulda get any better than that. I was gonna ask him how he Had the misfortune to be Pogre pleaded but I would never got to that point because I had to dump a little something he said there Maybe she would all do it. Let's just sleep oh And she went I mean about you that's brutal that is just oh No, what do you like that movie city or god? It probably starts chopping people up like an amoeetgrinder in there too by the end If they just want to chop that one guy what's his name jz It will be little easy Stop everybody would have been alive with him. Oh, don't worry. Just wait. Oh good. No, that she gets his He gets his oh well if he gets his I'll watch the movie. Okay, now I feel very great way It's very satisfying how's that well maybe somebody found a bit my sheen gone mom After who it's better than anything. Oh good. I'm gonna watch it this weekend Now you got Magnolia to watch if somebody gives it we got to find it And then go buy all my George give you any song to dance about the band ending. There's not a dancing wrong with him Listen, I heard is I've heard both reviews of her good. I've heard bad. Who told you bad? Short No, George doesn't think the movie is oh He's not like the ending. He ain't the one thing. Yeah. Well, well, well, I saw maybe we can get a sequel Magnolia too, okay, okay Maybe we see if what you made you may see if we've got to braces pull hard you can narrate it Reset that this story or maybe pull Harvey Jr. Oh Speaking of somebody we haven't heard from in the new year. Thank God. No, what were so insurgent of mood So there's a guy with a dead wife and he's a quadriplegic but other than that things are going very well. He's sitting the same Lewis 1333 votes on the poll. I mean that was that for real. It was out of comedy routine. I mean I was Something was surreal who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend. Oh, I feel so freaking legendary. You know it Neo robs your 704 woo Man I got I'm holding on to both sides of this chair. It's kind of like when Greg called me a couple days ago I was holding on to fold with both hands because the suction was so great. It was trying to fly out of my hands and the phone too Round for an equine 83 skipper truck's take 100 For good old skipper truck. He'll be missed at cemetery village Rick Shaw 78 and Bishop 56 as in two 56 boy. She hated me. Oh He hated me like wasn't I wonder if that's a true story that she was to have a we heard that from several people are worth a channel 10 That's used to push she posted on the bulletin board there in the newsroom anybody caught listening the Elijah show will be dismissed immediately Whatever you know She was a real Nazi Like Larry King 53 Jim managed 48 Micriter 34 Bob weaver 27 Hank Goldberg 21 for Henry Tony cigarette only nine and I'm sure that he most of those votes are him Rick we were five Craig were things stuck on for their Craigle Arnie Warren three built-in her has got a pair what Sonny hers to finally signing moved up into world East-eye with Tanner Ellen Courtney two Hello, why you want and the Sunny Fox and Don Cox Fox and Cox one of these Ellen Courtney wait you talk about it, but you know something? What I remember saying this long time ago and I'll say it again because he was a miserable crusty old Carmugian on here, but anybody who've been talking to the old farce of South Florida for like about 50 years could you blame him? No, you know it's like one of those chicken in the end questions it's like what was yours really the story before you got married? No, this was a kneel Roger No, this is by 16 It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon You Call in a band Pickle horn Walky Don't worry, you can grab her, I'll tell you that If it's hell with that breeze and all my hands If it's a bad call, there's all that I'll tell you If it's hell with that, you can get out Everybody is safe, you love it, you can't hide Fuck you, you know If you ever can touch a bucket listening to me And I'll know you can never hit me down But all you ever see on the Kissing condos in the morning If it's hell for this boy, for no reason It's always ankle-said and sony version Go to Gakakakakakake, they are the gold by now Go and open this room, do that other path It's a foul attack, keeps a place running And you've got the soul that's on us now Let's go and do it now Go and open this room, do that up Go to the house Go to the house Go go go go Go to the house, go to the house Go to the house, go to the house Magda 47, Curtis Station, and then 7 o'clock So 10 indicates 10 o'clock No ball names today But we got names and we can handle tomorrow One I said, how you doing? Clarence, a fact is me and says Now he gives us to you And he fact is direct He gave it to me I see him the fact Really? Anyway, since he now hears a guy Clarence who called yesterday was like Suckin' around very nice Nice, called, Terence, don't call me too much more But, uh, Clarence and I have no problem And right mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? He knows all I care about is getting that paycheck And that's it, just leave me alone Giving the check, that's all we care about Just give us our money And let's make sure we get a raise for Josh Cortis And by the way, you have nothing to worry about Josh as far as your position And somebody squeezes his ass out the door And order to save money No, of course Save money The big bucks I think he's right Well, I mean, what other reason would they do it? Oh, you know, I mean, he's at the right He's at the right level part of this team Between the website, between working with you On a 85, 100 days year, I'm not on And all these other things Right? We're going to help all these needs to find out If I'm really right, if I see no one for you The pizza burglar It's not all these things Because if they screw with him, man If they screw with anybody on this show, bye bye I'm not the same man Just because it's true, but I just don't want to see that And then I'm not going to do it No, I don't think so Terence has spoke to Joel Bell Is he, I wonder if he's came to my bell He would love to touch base We'll make arrangements for some time next week See, Terence, I just can't Please be alone today I'm going to feel a really good My brains are unscrambleed, my freshers fine I'm actually going to live at least two to weekend So there you go Terence gets it Some other people have building don't get it So I'm here I don't want to say what, okay We work to keep taxes low and we're spraying spending We've also got other challenges Yeah, oh yeah, I'm looking at one A gate kiss in a swing pool Oh my god Which two men say got them thrown out of a luxury hotel It's called this stir And traditionally Macho Mexico We're open displays of homosexuality are frowned upon Maricone Gerardo Ellio and his partners Some here have do Thor police in Los Cabos A plushed beach resort city popular with US tourists To these does That security guards beat them up And through them in the street with their luggage After spotted them kissing in the hotel pool And they simmer Too fairy But when left his deputies Demand investigation in the incident in Congress this week They were angrily shouted down by legislators from other parties Who argued that the subject was unfit for discussion in the chamber The rock is highlights The discovery about homosexuality And this predominantly Catholic country Despite recent openness toward gays and summaries You know it's really interesting about the latin American countries They're also different because like Spain Which is overwhelming with Catholics They've some their nose at the pope and they have the gay marriage thing They're now and all of these things I've the only thing they've done What I heard Are you starting with a pink thing again? It's a question for I think that's what they're starting with It's a question for fond conservatism in tolerance and backwardness Partly of the democratic revolution deputy in team unioes Certainly deputies react. He's probably came to Mani Munios I sure hope not for his sake Congress voted that the issue was not urgent And shoved in the commission for analization So who do you like better? Mani Munios or Marvin Rauman Marvin Marvin That's your buddy But best close personal friend Yeah, I bet Thanks a lot for whamming by the way Marvin you idiot Ali you're a 27 year old public relations officer Lose with his 24 year old airstool And how do in Mexico City when his buddy said he and his partner Only shared a discrete peck all boy Excuse me It was just a two second kiss We didn't even touch the lips he said And in the couple shows the hotel president and their continental because of He's stated gay friendly policy of its parent company A spokesman for the hotel said it had documents and witness statements Proving the couples version of the events was false He insisted the hotel was gay friendly And said the pair was thrown out for making inappropriate advances And other guests Oh no, they were cruising for and got a bruising The hotel was cobbled some agn and maggot for foreign otters and golfers Paced British group intercontinental hotels to use its brand Oh, you might have caught a state of a manical In fact anybody with a brain state of Mexico Unless you're a crazy person Because what happens to a lot of tourists who go to Mexico Is they'd like to watch more tell they chicken and they never check out Come in to QA and hello Yeah, how you doing? Okay, paley Hey, I didn't even talk about it But you'd have to adjust to them and you should not down that Outtition's going to court, huh? They should have found one Yeah, he was always petitioned for the school vouchers for the private school So long young but he's got his devious plans He wants to bring it back, you know he says oh he's going to bring it back Bring it back to live What? Don't hurt more than his son of a gun Well, he's a very popular guy man, people like fascists Yeah, fascists, anyway Let me show him deal Good luck to us, paley I might I'll vouch for him And his brother, his dumbass brother Feel the job which will actually exist It's right up there, it's torn his words and talking like a moron Right there on TV and what? I sure give it off time They're not talking too much about Jack Abramov Or about Tom D'Ele or Bob Ne or any of these things got forbidden Or even Duke Cunningham I'm going to play that duke bit again, you can listen very good now Okay, I will No, no, I don't want to What is it worth again? But But Okay, I knew it wasn't what I thought it was But boy, it was just something A little bit fuzzy for me Dominic, who are you in? Hello Ne or like, that's something for your poll Okay All the old people I got to remember this guy Big Wilson Yeah, well, several people I mentioned that But okay, we'll put him on and make you happy Okay Thank you, bye I'm going to put a big Wilson on there So these people put a bug at me I would hardly say that the Wilson was legendary Because he had a cult following on the night I'll move his on channel 6 And the radio audience he had on I would he Is one of the great entertainers I mean if we're going to put him on there And put both collar on there too And I would say Huh? We could need a one We need a one of them was in a market that long I'm trying to tell you that Look, they'll answer the question they want to answer Mr Who do you like? We've already done that eight million times Who's your favorite who do you like who did you hate But that's not the question today In addition, we'll show who cares You know, let's get big Wilson and I hello big And I guarantee now he's going to get some votes because people will rip this up They're ripping it Hello Welcome to QAM Hello Hey, I don't think there's ever been a poll before To feed this much as this one We fed you What is that? Yeah, I freaked this WQAM Hello They need a lot of them to the poll Yeah Big Wilson Great idea Alright Excellent choice Five, six, seven, a cause is keep it in better And better if they're going through this new year man We're going to kick some serious ass Woodle without that pink instrument WQAM Hello Yeah, I got one for you both Okay I think you called yourself the great one Okay, yeah WQAM Hello Okay, we can't wait to leave us Yes How's everything going? Excellent, very good I'm always sick of self-law But even more self After coming back from Chicago for the holidays Everybody I look at down here I want to kill I can't handle it That's my whole house car It's unbelievable how you could be somewhere A good percentage of the other people Kind of concerned about you or at least ask a little concerned about you Right And it's so much easier to get things done Well, why do you think I don't like it Here's so much people are friendly They're cooperative, they're helpful They're just, you know, I mean, 99% of people are agreeable Just the opposite of self-law Like 99% of people are like that Exactly People don't realize it here Like in other places It's a place where I live one of the Quizzling over there at QAM living the same development I'm not sure who it is, might be the van So I'll let you know Less five And they just got a new homeowner's association Because they wanted to improve this place And it's unbelievable But they just changed hands a few months ago It's worse than it was You can't get a response from anybody No matter what it is And every time everybody's pointing the finger and going You go to this person Go to this person Every person you go to to get help Nobody knows about what the other person we just talked about And all you talk about is that that's the soft word of ass And way man But it's just like it And then you go back to the first person you talked to And it's like, think this looks at you With like a blank work on our 35 though Yeah Well, thanks a lot I'd love to show Good luck, you palio Pack your bags baby and go Okay What is that? Maddie Bell Rodriguez There she is Maddie Bell Rodriguez Maddie Bell What's your name? Mike Mike Bell Mike Mike D. Maybe he was me as a scarrot There she is Maddie Bell Rodriguez It says Oh, this is a long fact It says, speaking of paint torpedo Oh, see the end of that This is from Maddie looking at the head around This is from the same anonymous warda Long-haired Alice was good friend with Dan The rain actually hurts Stewart What does that mean? I don't know I tried to prove for you before Oh, we're fine He likes the steelers You liked him I don't know what that means The greatest contribution from Steve Nichol Was that the new traffic out that was supposed to replace Metro traffic The Spanish girl was unintelligible Oh, he's not in front of Maddie Bell What you liked her, she had big hudders man Bigger off She was fine By the way, her English was much better these days And she's on channel 4 news now That she's a really good part of the cult It said man old Steve Nichol wanted her real bad Just like he said about Aaron Summers I don't know if her show's going to be a good But she's got a great ass Oh, what a kidner Anyway, since he wanted to do to her what's still hungry Did, oh, I see Oh, no This is just too much inside stuff I hear And that worked with Lisa It says man Lisa was beautiful What's she was Lisa? Lisa, I would imagine Used to talk to her on the air when she changed live copy That's right Lisa, for traffic Not from not to one It was not married to what's his name is sales guy No What's that was his name? Short Steve Schwartz, I think it's Laura Laura Lisa, Lisa and Laura Denny and Jimmy And she's back in Denver too bad That is one random thought about Rick Rally Man did he breathe loud You know one of those guys can actually you can hear breathe We're on the board room for some town producer meeting And Bob Green was talking All I could was Rick Rally breathing I became transfixed I never heard Rick reading heart But I'm only in this board up Do you think this is Alex? It could very well be Because he mentioned it's long here at Alex Tom Hopkins, great news man I've had last time we heard he was in Costa Rica somewhere Right? Okay, or did he die? No, he didn't die No, thank you Good guy Wanted to click workers come for having Tourette syndrome Remember Randy dropped the guitar man as a guest Because Rick Rally stole them that day But this is this stuff is just It says I'm not the fan so bored off We spilled this so it on the board and ruined it that time Or what's going on? It's easy It was finest hour Here he's Dave Green lines Private engineer Oh boy Oh boy I'm not touching that And the best thing about our ensemble Sure was the visit from that info Maybe a Kathy Willis I squeezed her breasts for a free but they were fake Oh This is Adam God of be on Maybe No He knew Oh man He changed the complexion of the prostitute The business ought to do that I heard she was a professional model One 14 a QAM happy new year From our friends at Armstrong for the homestead 2005 was a great year in thousands of new customers took advantage of the new deal And bought their new four from Armstrong for it Why do people shot there? It's easy man Because Armstrong for a guaranteed you a great price Great service after the sale And that personal touch that comes from a local family order dealership Pick up that phone right now called Dave E Rich to GM At 305 2 4 7 51 12 When you buy new Ford from Armstrong for the homestead You also want top of their fantastic unbeatable prices Get their exclusive Tires and batteries for like program That's right When you buy from Armstrong for the free tires and batteries For like a yo car That could save you a thousand dollars David Rich and the staff guarantee you won't find a better price Any place being locally owned and operated You know they're going to treat you great Because they want to make you a customer for like no bait And switch no phony sales So start for your offer the great new four from our friend David Rich and the staff At Armstrong for the homestead You'll find them at 307 25 South Ticks You highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 Check them on the web Drop a few miles extra and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead This is New Rogers This is 516 That's the don't work Your federal emergency management agency of an afternoon and you main pieces of filthy white bush loyalist criminal craft This leads to inform all victims of Katrina We now care about you To show how much we value you in life We now offer you The FEMA car Each FEMA car has a pre-determined spending limit of 300 to 2,000 dollars And you can withdraw the cash at any operable ATF If you can find one While Hela Burton of Skanzards 59 billion dollar gift on the promise of rebuilding your city Your FEMA card will give you more loot to boot Each card will get a snack with every purchase made 10 snacks will get you a free cup of coffee as food So what's in your wallet? Get in line now All cards available at a first come first They're basic Wait a minute What was that? Oh, and we're not offering them anymore So if you can hear this, it never mind Just float away Not a bullet in front of my Israel Okay, you're feeding their feeding shuron Interveniously choplivers so we can't beat up Yeah Well, of course they're our guests they're a screening in first Or maybe he's screening I hope There's your president man but a bit better whoop but a lot I don't want to hear about it I don't want to hear him Okay, here's that stir-ack keep trending I keep teasing it Either way In a sign of rising the square over the country's dwindling birth rate I thought that Tokyo was just teeming with people Right Let's talk about that Japan had an overpopulation problem Do they? That's what I thought Well, they don't have a dwindling birth rate The prime minister of Japan is suggested That his people should take their cue from the King of the World And breed larger litteres of offspring in the year of the dog Prime Minister Quizumi's Unexpected do his dogs do advice Rosarie is New Year's press conference His first maybe in the estate of the Union Where's Bush gonna do that too, you know? Yeah Breed like dogs His first public appearances it was revealed a week ago That's your transpopperation contracted By 19,000 last year And he's shrinking for the first time more than a century They're shrinking, more if the Japanese getting a smaller restepin on Since this is not the Japanese year of the dog I thought that was only a Chinese thing Hey learn something new Dutch all embryos do other stuff The year of the year of the ass partly This is gonna be the year of the ass It's now the year of the dog he said in 2006 That has an ideal role model from the animal kingdom Dogs produce lots of puppies and when they do the pains of labor are easy He said, I didn't need him, I do everything in his power to face an environment Where people can think raising children is delightful Wow, not as delightful as making them but almost Beyond this canine castle and what is almost certain to be his last new year of speech is Prime Minister Mr. Quizumi offered no other ideas about how to deal with the birth rate problem In Tokyo, 30 million people Not just men The rate is declined to 0.99 children for women Maybe that's why this was short They're having like 99 hundreds of a kid Is that it? 30 million people in Tokyo It's like three times a size in New York Right? Right It's like, I don't know what LA is these days But probably like two and a half to three times a size of LA 30 million people I got a people shortage In addition to what you graphically look at Japan And those islands man, let couple of turds in the ocean right? Right? They're not big Not all that big That really Although Mr. Quizumi's push to a string of difficult reforms in Japan It's very interested to be a bit stressed A bit stressed He is repeatedly going to answer whether he is a strategy in place And we're pretty excited he don't The robber of Japan's first year of natural population decline has been vaguely predicted But has actually come far sooner than expected Even a prime minister is Jobe O'Doglitter remarks Says the political enlist Time to clear ring of panic about them Oh In the last session in 2005 The Cabinet of non-state gender equality initiative There was widely interpreted as a last-inch attempt to stay off the country's Looming demographic catastrophe The seemingly impossible plan was to design a great conditions In which the nations women will both stay at home to have more children And work harder They're working on it And it's core of the new drivers of package of improvements to working in addition Which it is popular to move some of the obstacles for many women from having larger families Marys has included the interaction of flexible working hours And he proposed that hundreds of shops that are taken by the recession They converted into childcare facilities But the scheme also attempts to address other websites of the demographic problem As the population contracts so does the workforce With potentially dire economic effects The government solution is to control more women Coming back to work after their child-bearing days are done And they're working on more old bags And they like that About 70% of Japanese mothers don't return to work after childbirth Part of that plight of their own cultural but much has to do with practical difficulties A return to work women find it nearly impossible to return to good jobs they've left In order to have children This forces Japanese women to make a stark choice between career and maternity And the current generation is increasingly interested in pursuing career Now let me ask you when I called you the other day Yesterday was that crystal or years later into the fall One of the other they said nothing to me Who told you it was me on a farm? I think it was crystal That's why I've asked why didn't talk to her Why, I don't want to start I don't want to get involved, you know I want to say like hey, how you doing honey? I hear all these great things I'm like involved Just a few words in this Can be done about it Okay Oh yeah, I thought I moved you last night Who is South Florida's all-time broadcasting legend? Well when we get to 14 on Robert we got 1394 Wow if I don't know now we think that's a $1500 If I give him a big push Right? We can have a $1500 during the show Josh would be doing cartwheels right now right in the office What the fuck? What a thought that is Set line nine, you know like Greg would say it's really intriguing Set line nine keeps ringing today more than ever QAM hello Yes, I'd like to talk to Neil Speaking Yes, hi I'm calling from Japan actually I just heard your report You're calling from Japan? Mushomujam I think I think I should hear it right? I'll Wow Where in Japan? What city? Um, Kyoto What is it? Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto You have a cultural capital in Japan Does it want to know about your own What do you get? Kyoto I've got a poison to his monsibull Just like I did it to a Irrfar Go ahead I'm sorry So how is it over there? Yeah, I'm not too bad it's a little cold But I wanted to tell you that I still don't have to have to have WDW2 That's a trumancer to have to population Kyoto But anyway Yeah, so I was a I wasn't sure a port I wanted to tell you a few things about it First of all Japan is a really big barrel of culture They basically take parts of things And turn it into something Japanese They're turning Japanese, yeah Got a hope not And yes, the zodiac thing That's a barred from the Chinese And the other one's there is no original Japanese culture It's all ripped off from the Chinese, is that what you're saying? A lot of it is, yeah Actually the Chinese and American Sherman and the other thing is that Actually the young Japanese people are the same height Because now they're eating meat, and they're drinking milk And so only the older ones are They're eating all the fast food joints They probably all be dead in about six months You're not kidding, it's because of the big balls of your life This is really the best man No matter where you go and who you can't get away from all the fast food joints Anywhere, everywhere, they are there And there's a McDonald's on every corner here Every corner here I'll be going, where we sure love Mickey D's though 10, 7, 11 Really? We also Must be like Copenhagen, 7, 11's on every street corner Copenhagen, where there used to be porno shops now there are 7, 11's Yeah, so I just wanted to check in and say hi man I'm really curious Why can't you hear your story? Call ever from Kiltop, maybe from Japan in general It's their first ever going to market down What do we just start to know here? What are you doing there? Do you work there? Yeah, I'm actually an English conversation teacher I'm getting ready to transition into teaching in a Japanese elementary school Actually I'll be there, will listen, ever great life, pali Hey man, thanks so much for listening to us for about 15 years I'll write Have a great day See? Yeah, I'll be there I don't like that Yeah, I'm hoping I get a 7, 11 on every street corner Where there used to be all that porno crap, you know Mickey wants to see that I'll I do remember one of the 7, 11's where I got a slice of pizza I was practicing to be as pizza birthed or I actually paid for it Oh, for me Yeah Oh There is something about those great days I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they'll be a good one Artaard is going to be a good one I think they'll be a good one I think that's good I think that's good I think they'll be a good one They'll be a good one I think they'll be a good one I think they'll be a good one I think they're going to be a good one I think they'll be a good one and bring it to New York City for distribution by team things right here he would and both are safe just to be blunt about it King Vaughn is some killer song she can charm star in King Vaughn Lady Finn Finn must be at least a quarterback and showing every afternoon at you know it for 20 okay, that's better up okay, we got a big bowl in here radio bowl in okay, nobody's gonna care about this as this week radio records to see if there is anything about Greg Reed's ex-givings GM and Joel Bell coming in but anyway Joel Bell's a great guy and he loves us and he's gonna talk to him next week and it's great but I will say this you know the old thing about how we get addicted to pain and if you like to have a painful huh? no? oh yeah if you're like a painful shoulder or a spot and after a while you become when the pain goes away if you're looking after the dust you're kind of missing you know what I'm saying? nope oh cox radio Miami O.M. operations manager Tony Fields has added day to day p.d. duties for the cluster is heritage urban W.E.D.R. he takes duties previously and by secret Hollywood who's probably akin to 4th law 24th Lawdordell who exited late last year now exciting anybody care about that? nope no I just mentioned it hey Mike how did other pop Mike? that Disney boy he sure liked his booze and anyway that's what Cheryl said hi Cheryl doing she called up to wish you a happy birthday and that's the one good good I think we finally got rid of her I mean she's probably moved on to bigger and better things married that rich Jew I mean whatever and anyway that feels sorry for the kids I mean I mean I'm really concerned about that he was just in my living room on Sunday and after working as an ass off on Monday and then of course probably doing somebody else's job on the same day and that's probably what put him over the edge too much needed a little assistance out there is he trying to do too damn much and I mean I'm not sure if he's going to be a good boy I mean I'm not sure if he's going to be a good boy I'm not sure if he's going to be a good boy I'm not sure if he's going to be a good boy I mean I need it a little assistance out there is he trying to do too damn much little cute tip who are soft Florida's all-time broadcasting legend 14, 112 votes in the arrived réfs 753 thank you so much even if you don't mean it Ralph Rynick 186 Skipper Chuckz and that's 105 Rich Shaw 82 and Bishop 57 Larry King 55 to a man is got 50 the man law high winner 38 five week or 28 Hank Albert 23 Tony cigarette always stuck on Craig were the seven-week-we were five, Arnie Warren four, Arnie just moved up and I was ten-molded-bought of again. By the way, what's the story with Ken? I haven't heard of Ken doing updates today? I don't know. I'll be between five or two years. I'm so happy. Between four and seven. All the best Ken happy new year. Give him a big histogram, I'm as Ken. I'm as too many other people there but I'm as Ken, he's a great guy. Hill will tell you Arnie Warren's story, I'm sure. Sunnyhurst 3, Go Tanner 2, Alan Courtney 2, and one of the piece for Big Wilson, Sunny Fox and Don Cox. Five six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty in a Verizon singular, wireless line, the mole mice do you come along into a clock? He'll give you the inside scoop. He'll tell you he's going to win the big games this weekend, Roy. Roy, no. He's going to win the game. He's going to win the game. Hey, Neil, I don't. OK. Earlier today, you stuck in the nerve and you were talking about the path there's not that they got to college games going on. Isn't that pathetic? Why is that? The other night when I turn on the TV to see the game, I'm watching a college festival game. I'm wise. Oh, you know something that I know what's game you're talking about. That was the Buffalo game. Yeah, I was the islander game. Oh. I mean, maybe we had a college basketball game on this stage. Well, that's what we got tomorrow. Well, actually, last Sunday when they played in Buffalo, I'm trying to watch the game and it was blackout and direct TV because it was supposed to be broadcast locally and the Panthers didn't tell a cast it. So until late in the third period when they finally put the Buffalo tell a cast on it, the game was none. I don't get two years of a row. Every game was on. Last year, you before that, every game was televised. Right. And now, are these techniques choosing which games are going to televised and which ones are not? Yeah, I think they're cheap and it down is what they're doing. I think you're right. So tomorrow, if I want to watch that big game, I got to go see the rainder speed on a satellite. Well, no, but this isn't that new with it. What does that have to do with the telecast? They're not telecasting tomorrow. It says I want to call a game. Well, I didn't tell a cast to a rainder. I mean, I would have game. There you go. Oh, they didn't? No. Well, that's right. Well, I watched it on my package here with the island of telecast. You're right. My whole family. I call them up and bitch them out, man. I tried, but then they did it in the answer the phone. Well, they probably cut that off too. Good luck to us. Well, Alan Kony, I'll head that day at the track with Hank and he might have beat the BOOP but about and they're going to make money this year. Well, if you're going to make money, Alan, like start being a little more fan friendly. Okay. Alright, where did I read actually that Dave Strader is going to be doing some of those Olympic games and as we've dealt with, that Juggs McDonald is going to be rolling out of mothballs to do some Panther games on TV while Strader is away. Which I don't understand it because there's not going to be any NHL body. Well, whatever where Dave Strader is going to be doing. Dave Strader is pretty good. Not great. Now, what are the great progress? It's just been these good. I'm sure that Josh likes his work. Yeah, he's fantastic. And then Juggs McDonald, that old, the told man, he just, you know, just enough already. You know, a hollow flame or all of that stuff with your coke bottle glasses, just don't go a lot like Keith Jackson, man. Like a clown. Go a lot on top or at least in the middle. Not like a clown. Well, he sure hated me like poison jugs. You know, in the beginning, you like me. And then when I started ripping him ass, very thin skin. Plus tired of you saying how good gold he is. Brody is not good. I said that in the beginning when I hadn't heard him. I heard like about 30 seconds, you know. Bob, third man. Now when I heard him calling me goals to the opposing teams like on a scar. And I like that. Go on. I start the fore again. Huh? I want to pull that off. I don't do that. That's that's so, essentially. Yeah, I go ahead. No, I don't want to hear it. Don't do it. I see you really are behind the veneer of being Mr. Nice guy. You really can be a bachelor. I think you've got it from this show. Yeah. Being associated with this program means that I blame you. I blame you. Well, well, okay, fine. And I'll take full credit for it. We don't want you to be a nice guy. Nice is boring. Okay. There are a lot of nice people in business. So, I've got them. They're probably working on stations that nobody even knows the call letters of. And he's not even a nice guy either, Mr. Rigo. He's an idiot. Well, when I throw a lastider about his, you know, came become like a born again Christian and adopting 16 black children and all the homophobic right wing, abortion hugging, free this army. All that stuff, he just couldn't believe it. Nice talking to blah, blah, blah yesterday. It was good. It was a nice day needed that. You know, somebody actually understands the business and got out of it. Even though as current circumstances could be hell of a lot better. You never less, you know, he's keeping his shoes up. I like that. You know what I'm saying? What he said. I'm saying he sounds for all the problems he's got and been through physically. He's a pretty decent frame of mind. Oh, he's still there. He's still there. Along with Terence, Terence pushes it up the wall. Hunter on the right side takes a shot to fluk it on goal by York, the Longa, the pad saved. They throw it out and front again and the Longa, split over to make the stop. Loose now in the circle. Another shot. Another save. He's going to go and he gloves this one. Hang on with Teto to go in the second. Longa comes up. It's wrong with that. That was a good one. That was excellent. No, he's capable of being good. He just needs a little assistance. He needs somebody's steering right direction about not being sounded like a spoiled child when the team is losing or they lose on one of those those late goals like they usually do and whatever. And he just when we thought they had turned it around again and they went on a road. And they just even as good as they were playing. He going to road and all of a sudden they start tanking it. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe they like that home cooking. You think? Who do you think? Who do you think? You said in minority later Harry Reid, no relation to Greg. Call for the resignation of Homeland Security Department Secretary Mickey Trudeau from Wednesday. And they have to the government drop Las Vegas from a list of cities. This goes to show you how ridiculous it is. Okay. What was the number one target beside New York in Washington? What was the number one target they were screaming about for a since 2011? I don't know the space. Vegas. Oh yeah. In 2011 terrorists, they spent time in Vegas. And there were rumors. They had intercepted rumors of a plan to attack in Vegas on the fourth of July, or whatever. Then never materialized. But nevertheless. And now they've dropped them from the list. Considered potential. Harry's targets eligible for a special anti terrorism grants. And the people in Vegas are foaming at the mouth. And rightfully so. Reid of Nevada joins Park County Sheriff Billy. I'm calling for Tured Off the Step Down. As a result of the decision jeopardizing millions of additional federal funding. Then Nevada currently receives the result of the incident. This have never been a result of incident a potential terrorist target. Anyone who can't see the Las Vegas as a highway's carrier doesn't deserve to see if in a position like that Reid sending evidence to be. Absolutely correct. That's the way we had more visitors on New Year's Eve than they had in times where we're not a highway's area. For heaven's safety said, for Pete Sates, Jesus, freaking Christ. Las Vegas and Tentasticities previously categorized his high threat fellow. Behind 35aries. It's an eligible thesurffer special grants earmarked by the Department of Homeland insecurity. And it goes on about to be put a boot, put a boot. but a bit of a boot put him up. I'm Tuesday young cultured off impossible meal with regarding the needs of a major tourist destination one last year played hosting league 40 maybe in visitors and that's because they got those evil one eye bandits they got their supplies they got their gambling maybe yeah you talk about being in the in the dark ages no under 72 percent of people not a floor a duck. Now what are we doing at these last two and very some breaks here we actually do a one-minute break well you know I filled it with another spot. Well you're not gonna play that risk or auntie spot again are you well yeah probably. 1.4.1.2.A.M. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.8. Back in. Oh no. Well we happened to be Oh, who got the money from a settie capo and as I said my little granny important resonates with Owen Governoratters staff. One day that fell and Travis goes up from the Woodens house of E 사람 and he might as well just fool She died, she died, she died, she died. He had to go to school, he went for him with the possessed, so look out all you Jews. Get ready for the gas, he's a telemathy, that's me. Oh, he'll give our civil rights away. Oh, why did the telemathy, that's me. Love of a melee. Wally the fairy, well we do, with every face, who's never paid the dues, by the exterior, we're not even spruing hard. She died, she died, she died. Any smart people in that grave, against body, would pay why do you think they call it scuba, the story of an invasion, in the power of an abbey, who killed like the cake they paid, had been, who, jadied the tele-abbey, had been, who, above that melee. Oh, but he's wildly popular with bad ass stuff in our minds. It was actually, we actually had a Christian wrestling of the league in Florida. And she was really, what did I ask you, I've ever heard of that? We got Christian prisons, we got Christian, maybe we have Christian slot machines. That would be good. Can we imagine? Yeah, you pull the handle or you're hit the button and it goes, oh, Jesus Christ, you want again? Jesus Christ? Yes, Christ. Like that. Just like that. Speaking of that, sing a very good. Oh, let's do some more BG's music. Come right up. Oh, what do you mean? I got all my, did I buy a whole bunch of BG stuff at that time? Yeah, there, um, why did I do that? I was inspired because I saw the biography thing of BG. That's all, does that? I got to send a message to my, I see. Could barely hear it. Legendary BG singer, very good, and he tells South Florida home long before Lysubadana and Stallone has found a new heaven on earth. Laminate on Katrina, Rita, and Wilma, give who turns 60 on Monday? Oh, happy birthday, Barry. And his wife Linda, residents of Miami Beach's posh, North Bay, Rhodes in 77, have purchased the rustic Tennessee home, see even their bailin out. Worth lacing her Johnny Cash is wife June Carter live for 35 years, June Carter Cash. More significantly, Gibbs is also just sold his Middle East Middle Air, Steely, what the footage of the Venetian due to causeway, the bill cow where he produced Barbara Streisand's guilty, how men's she ought to be? Is the oldest BG brother taking flight? According to his public system close friend, the answer is, no. Very low stuff for the spokesman Paul Blockshead. He's just going to split his time between both places, but we don't know what the time is little big. Probably like me, you know? I spent about, what, 15 days you're in Florida, and the other three are new 50 someplace else. The close friend who did not want to be identified said give had a rough hurricane season, and was looking for another place to hang his hat if only during the threat of storms. Why can't imagine what it, well, of course threat of storms is like made the Indian November, right? Right. Well, like I said, Cash friends and those who saw the recent head movie I walked to line, no, the old Hickory Lake home outside Nashville is where Carter Cash found went to right men broken hearts. The old Hickory Lake home. Remember old Hickory? I do. Our seven president. He's still walking that line. He's walking a fine line between some riding and incoherence, but nevertheless, his good enough, her real serotonous good enough for old Johnny Cash. And it goes, but a beep, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, but a loop, yeah. I keep the full squad, Joel. The sirlock, 1800 ADS square foot home on the 4.6 acre property was sold for under-flowers the month. And then reduced the real bargain to an half-minute. What a steal. Cash and Carter died within months of each other in 2003. The same year is 53-year-old Maurice Gimm. How do you like that? Now what's the name of that bit, please? Oh, impacted fart. The impact, oh, very good. And there's no fart sound on the evening. Wow. Maybe Joel, Joel, whatever the name is, Joel Blatt, who gives us our fart sounds back. What do you think? Joel, Paul, line was flat. I was standing there one day. That thinking I would die, from being able to make his a deal. I should never keep things down. I think that must be trapped inside my battles. And I don't know how to walk. Out here you die from a fact of thought. Burn at these gorgeous doctors. Now why are you so upset? You're so excited. Or why are you so upset? I guess I should have known what to expect, because I didn't buy anything. With the kind of service you get in this town. I would act to be into my own. If I didn't meet that crowd, I swallow. Why did you let me so do the man? Why can't you lose and get it right? My power will look locked inside my army. Can't make my kids go out. If the past is the past, if the past is the past, if the past is the past, if the past is the past, if you run here, then I've let my kids in here the world has." It seems like no. He does. The last time when I was bringing him into my familyund luck and the reason he needs a… ...well our very mother took the passenger, to dig into that room. molyves you think the mobots will be a great will they go away? Oh, they're never going to go away and who says most leave him, huh? I would be surprised that mo was in with Joe right now getting their mo Joe straight now. Also the dude in Japan said he wasn't Kyoto and love you a long time when about 30,000. Not birds in the house are Joey. Thanks a lot, Joey. Thanks to the memories. So let's see the BG's, the very beautiful is Tennessee. He is the one South. Everybody wants to out. I mean, I also want to remind you, very a public service with you. Very seldom move something actually useful from this show, which I don't know. It's only about this but that forgot all about it. He probably will too. Your two cents will cover a new stamp right height at Scarce on Sunday. Did you remember that? Nope. Well, there you go. Thanks for reminding me. Starting Sunday, posted joins the long list of things that will cost you more in the new year. The price to mail a first-class son that was here up. Stand here at 50 cents and it's going to 51 pretty soon by the way for the end of the month. Fitty. See, so that guy was in Oakville. Oh, by the way, there was a shooting in Oakville. There was a story about something in the Oakville mall. I could really love it. Shooting in Oakville, although it was only in the kneecap. It's so expensive here in a price to gas and orders all this violence and crime and mayhem. The price to mail a first-class letter bumps up to 39 cents. It's just an increase from the 37 has been the price since June 2002. It's just, hey, it's just, hey, it's just show you how old I am and this will really shock the 11 day life saw to you. When I was a kid, it was three cents to mail a letter. How do I sound like an old folk year one? Well, a little bit. Oh, here's one that says why not Bob Soaper for the pool. I put a little Bob on it. We're not going to show you a lot. This is a good guy. Never saw a great trick. He did throw like, I would never let say what? He had a good one. He had a good one. I like to throw for a lot. That's what we do. Not knocking him while he's at the guys down. Postal officials say the price to cover the rising fuel cost and the budget 3.1 billion dollars to deal with the problem in the Postal services retirement fund. Oh, boy. What are how my old friend Rick the mail manager's doing? Well, we were just about to turn you off. Okay, Rick. Remember that? Yes, like we were reaching for the dial and all of a sudden our flight is in our arm or we couldn't quite reach for the get to the dial. Well, I don't remember what that was all about. But he's sure he's okay though. Every time I'm home for those two to five minutes, I always seem to pass him in that little mail truck. I always give him a wave and he doesn't only realize I'm even back with one finger. Technology is also cutting in the post offices bottom line. More people are paying bills in online instead of by stance. Ever thought about that. You pay your bills online. I sure hope not. I do. You do? I pay all the money. I have for like 15 years. You crazy people. You that's no fun. Two put a reset. Well, you see if I weren't in the habit of right now checks, although I don't read him here. But if I weren't in the habit of paying by check, then I probably wouldn't send out some other checks. My hand cranks. Oh, I see. You probably want to keep me in the habit of righting checks. You say that. Those checks are coming. Oh, Jupiter research, which is really out of this world. A New York based technology analyst firm predicts that in 2006 more than half of all American households of pay at least some of their bills online. Now, I like the old hands on the old myself. I don't want to be doing it online. I don't want to any of that online track. Although I do like buy and stuff online. I do like that. I'll say that. That's good. I don't care what anybody says. That's going to be so huge. You have no idea. And already is, but I mean, compared to what it is now, it's going to be like a zillion times. You can get your groceries delivered by a monologue. I used to publish these to do that, but they canceled. Well, they got a thing here. It's not great, but it's not trying to. Once it's okay, like what it gets to be the dead of winter and another five minutes or so. And a couple of weeks or three weeks when it starts. That's not a bad time. You know, cinnamon e-mail, sand-a-n-a-n. And you pick whatever that you want and deliver. It's kind of like, you know, like, dollar mattress or same kind of concept. Orlando Chef, Alejandro Venturo, 26, can't remember the last time we planned to stamp on the upper right-hand corner of an envelope. Let me split it on the back. And if put to the task, he's not sure we could even put his hands on a stamp anywhere in his house. How about getting a postal machine like I got? That's what he's doing. But you both... I don't want. Yeah. He used them to receive a the shrug at the downtown Orlando Post-Aurphist through their daily pace, always builds online and sends his friends and colleagues e-mails and set a letters and e-cards that are reading cards. Why was he at the Post-Aurphist getting his passport updated? What? Getting your passport updated to Post Office? I don't want to hurt his ass. I don't know if I heard of that. Others have been feeding the pinched those such as big outfits that sent out lots of me in the including Orange County. Warren Gilch, director of Orange County's administrative services to the county spends about 40 grand on first time's meetings each month, so cost will jump by at least two grand. Johnny Bartner, Orlando 74, says that all the two sentences increase the load doesn't have been added up on everything else that's going up. Let me tell you, after I paid the rent a life bill to the gas and grocery, the money is just about gone. He says he lives on a fixed income. Elaine Pancake. Yeah? Yeah? Are you as post office spokesman for the Orlando area said that if it's any consolation, three and a half years is a long time ago without a postal rate increase. So just kiss the ground and look at that stamp. Just look at Elaine Pancake. That's what the Pancake lady says. This is a new Roger. This is 5. 16. Jesus. Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President and our country isn't more. And our government has the obligation to protect the American people. Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President and we don't want to be mad and we are aggressively doing that. We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice. We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding. We are trying to disrupt their costs and plans. Anything we do to that effort, any activity we can do is within the law. We do not force you and that wonder how much you tell the truth. There's an enemy that works in costs and plans in washroom. And the next one is the one that says we are not going to do it. You will do so. And that's why you say that there is a bad administration going to break the cost. We do not force you and that wonder how much you tell the truth. Sometimes we do not force you. If it delay uses Pancake make up, maybe use the work like the waffle house. Maybe kind of an imaginary lane Pancake. Blueberry. Chocolate chip. You know something I never was really in the Pancakes or waffles without a chance. I think they are dry waffles are different. You get some of that poison to poison the poison. I am going to win this really good.