It's Friday, you fast. I'm Dr. Neil Clark Warren, founder of MeHarmony.com with more relationships, success stories. Hi, I'm Tara Telten, and I'm at the Nesswanderfall. I'm the amazing, sexy person on MeHarmony.com. It's me, I'm hot. We make it easy for people to meet the only person with whom they're truly confedible. I'm Simon Cowell, my previous relation is a presently dreadful because everyone else in the world is instantly appalling. The thanks to MeHarmony, I met my true idol. Me! Take our compatibility survey and see if you're the one who's truly met for you. I'm Donald Trump, Malania. This is an easy one. I'm divorcing you. I found my true love and it's me. I love me. I'm not just for my money. Visit meharmonie.com and discover everlasting cell flow. 10.03.05.06. He lists a box if you want a few more minutes you can have it. I know he ran a little bit over no problem. If you want like another half hour because we're getting spoiled these last two days. Yeah, let me know if that was today who stirred up a bunch of crap, which will get to that in a minute. It's your fault. No, it's not. You know it's the nervous latch, I... Who? Nervous laugh. He's probably farting a lot too. You have no idea. You're a psycho. You're a little nasty proof. Some people want to get nervous. They start like taping their foot. You know, starts sweating a lot. When Miguel starts farting like a maniac. He just had 18 bean burritos. All the moths are that without you. We had the bagels and moths out there. Who's the genius to come up with the idea of having bagels on pace off? You don't have to be Jewish when you're a good bagel. You get a couple. I was getting a couple lots of man. Oh, good choice. Well, let's see. Let's get this other stuff out of the way before we get to this hysterical email from Joe Bellod. It is minute. See, I told you he's clear about it. I told you that, Clareba, used to like squeeze his little horn. I don't have any horn sound. I don't think, let me see. I got like, no, I got this. Got that. That's not too good. Now, got no horn sound. Anyway, you squeeze little horn and then kids would like that. Last little bit, not hysterical, but just a little chuckle. That's Joe Bell. Pera Bell. What a clown. Anyway, here's the abad news from overnight part of the world. I'd like to give this out of the way every day. Why do you do that? Because I think people ought to know what a blood bath is going on. Plus, it ties into our poll today. What about Iran? 11 employees of a building company in the southern Iraqi city of Bosra have been kidnapped and killed. The officials said they were kidnapped yesterday and then killed it. Government have recently mounted a state of raids on businesses in Iraq. Kidnapping, killing, uh, is killing, is killing, is killing, is killing, is killing. I mean, at least three people have been wounded into a explosion. Their new deli's main mass court immediately reports. And if you go to the jelly, don't get a sandwich. Not during pay sock, okay? And let's say, I guess they don't make sandwiches on masa. I really thought about that. You couldn't, could you make a sandwich on masa? I guess you could. Like peanut butter and jelly? I'm not peanut butter. Yeah, I guess peanut butter is okay. Peanut butter and jelly for a peseok. That's what very jackass is probably. Well, yeah, I saw your column very pretty lame. Pretty weak. When you start kissing up to Jim Berry on channel 4, then you know, it's really lame. I thought, Rossy said, they're okay there. I thought he sounded like a kind of human. Yeah? I don't mean in vocal tone. I'm not talking about that. He's a little on the squeaky side. I'm just talking in general. You know, like, like a munch. Pretty good guy. I'll tell you, set up. Well, no, don't start. Don't start. I don't know. I never met the guy. I'm never going to meet him. I'm never going to see him. Okay. Like a branch must you heard the deal that he comes in. Oh, are we going to see you? No. Never again. It was good enough after the war. W. W. W. W. W. W. It's good enough for me. Never again. Get us your head, Joe. And it couldn't happen. Okay, sweetheart. Not going to happen. Leave me alone. Anyway, here's the, this one more quickie from K. Roll. See it's all over the place. Egypt, India, Iraq, Pakistan, a couple days ago, the Packies. Worship for the three Christian churches in K. Roll. Egypt came out of attack from Mike Feele and the San Francisco. You're mass today. Happy holidays, by the way. Are you religious gifts out there? Police said, well, Worship for was killed more than doesn't wounded me. Samutini said tax in the city of Alexandria. Police are searching for three men. One of each of them. It's the church is on. That exciting, more good news from over there in the Middle East where we're democratizing that part of the world. Of course. Okay, here's the poll result from yesterday. There's too many names on here. We left off some very obvious people on here. And we apologize profusely. We left Carol Burnett off. Oh, no, she is on here. Oh, thank goodness. I thought, well, how could we leave? Not that I liked her all that much. She was okay, but she was like, hey, did we leave Mary Tyler Moore off? No, she's on her too. Didn't do anything. Good. Come on. Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity besides those of two guys that play on supernaturals who's sleeping the same room in a motel? Johnny Carson, 148, nobody came close to Johnny. Let's hear it for Johnny. Rest in peace. Jackie Greason, 108, rest in one big piece. Hundred Nights. You did, people. In fact, the top three are dead. Carol O'Connor, it's not your boy. Carol O'Connor, 97. Jerry Seinfeld, 90. Okay, not even all that close really when it comes right down to it. How many voices do we have? When I shut this thing off, 1226. David Letterman 68, Bill Shattner 62, Bill Hartman 52, Lucy of Ball 48, Lucy, James Carter, we discovered that that's one of the few shows, one of the few TV shows in history where all the people who were on it are dead. At least, you know, from all the levels on in the 50s, right? 50s, maybe early 60s and 50s. I'm sure this play all over. There are other shows in the 50s like Flipper, Luke Halpen still alive. I wouldn't be surprised if Ranger Rick said, and he died. You got to play Ranger Rick's? I don't know. Well, I think he did. James Carter 43, that's a bad show, but we like the theme from Rockford Files, excellent theme. Bob knew Hart 29, not even remotely funny. He used to be very funny a hundred years ago. John Stuart 27, I was a late edition. If we'd have put him on right from the get go, he'd've gone zooming up there, right? Yes. Steve Allen 26, Dave's your pal 25, had a late edition. Without both those great late edition. Barbara Eden 25, Andy Griffith 25, still alive, well Andy. Chris Farley 24, fat, dead. This is the Montgomery 21, Carol Burnett 21, also still alive. He's, I wonder if he still lives that thing with her ear, you know? You know what I think she had a little bit of the show? Say hello. Do you know what that was? Which usually we like to have a hair cater somebody, right? No, yeah, some stupid thing. Allen all the 20, Howard Coast sell 19, Michael Z. Fash 19, Sherman Helmsley, that's George Jefferson, who's 18, or Nicole vaccine did a long time, Paul Lynn 16, she's also dead. Jack twenty fourteen, Milton Brullton, Dick Van Dyke ten, Bill Cosby nine, Bob Barker nine, Sid Cesar eight. Sid Cesar was great, but he always made me nervous watching. He always was like a little, a hyper, you know, like shaky. Yeah, Sherman Helmsley's back on TV right now. Jack par seven for a faucet seven, Alfred Hitchcock seven, Susan Day seven, Registfield and seven, late edition. Sorry, Regist. No, I remember he was on there. Wait, was on there? Yeah, that's where we thought he was done there, then we found a agent. He's done one to crap. Tell us about a six, Oprah's got six while we apologize for that. We're going to find those six people and Bob Bane. Lee Major six, Raymond Burrfai. Okay, Ron Howard five, Jack Lord four, filled on a few four, Henry Winkler four. Yeah, Tony Dow Ford, Jack Lord designer twice. That guy who's thought that is that somebody called in yesterday. Remember that I got stuck her in, tried we left him off. So he's got eight. So zoomed Jack Lord way up there. Edwin Ford, Bill Bixby three, Ed Solomon three, Buddy Fsensree. Let's see, he's dead right, or I can't keep track anymore. He's been in his own time. Buddy Fsens, think he's dead? He was part of the Jones. I'm sure he's dead. Jay Lowe three, he ought to be. Larry Hagman's tree, he's been dying for a long time, man. This guy's got more liver problems. Yeah, he's dead by the way. Who? Buddy Fs. I knew that. I'm taking a say Larry Hagman's dead. And it was mother's dead. Murray, uh, what's in him? Murray Martin. Peter Pan. Gene Rayburn's tree. William Conrad too, also dead. What a shame he was fat and always dead. See? Bill Colin two. Peter Graves two. Mary Tyler more only two. Good. Arthur Godford got two. Probably from anti-Semites. Lauren Green two, Florence Henderson one, Michael Andre one. And no votes. Oh, God. No votes for David Cassidy, Richard Boone or Dick Clark. We're very pleased about the Clark it none. The poor Richard Boone pallet and medic. Without the ever-do-do-do you guys. And David Cassidy, the guy with the eyes is going to be like Christfall. You're fair. It's going to be really peoed. Okay, let's do the break. We got a whole four hours today. I'm going to let her start slowing down here, y'know? I'm out of practice talking nice and slow because we really had a rush last two days with those two and a half hours shows before the Marlon games. We say, want a game yesterday. How about that? They kicked him, said the Ego ass. Nine to two. In front of an announced crowd, I love the way they're always putting the papers. And announced crowd of 8,191. You know what that really means? That's like saying, if you really believe there were 8,000 people, there we got some real cheap land in the Ever-Wades for you. When it says 8,000, what does it usually mean? 3,4,000? I watched a little bits and pieces. I certainly wasn't in gross in that game yesterday. You don't have much interest. But I noticed that every time there's a foul ball hit that goes back in a stance, we no longer see any shots of a stance. Who's in it? I'm the Marlon telecast. I'm sure that the directors in the camera, and they're instructed, don't you dare, y'know? Don't you ever show that? As opposed to when I get to feed from the visiting team, as opposed to the Marlon feed, and they try to show it over and over again. I mean, look at this, look at this, both of them are working. Man, there's nobody here. I'll go stand here, y'know? I don't know, they'd really draw that well. Because last, y'know, the one they got. They won their division, and they like, where the only team in the division over 500, I think they finished like 2 games over 500, and they won the one they won the one. Yeah, the West last year would end. And if everybody else stunk in their divisions, so they want to be putting by the fall. And any team that scut those uniforms, they would be able to go back with the tail between their legs. 10, 13, at 5, 60, WQM, happy Friday. It's good Friday. It's pace off. It's even, even Clarence took the day off to celebrate. He probably is home with his head between his legs. Or maybe Robert Creepers. Hey, what's better than staying cool in comfortable all summer long? How about getting an instant $1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner? The five star edition of the carrier and finnily system. And the main thing is even better. You can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of track-out area families for three generations. As a carrier factorized author, let me say it again. Carrier factory authorized dealer. I thought that's what I said. Royce guarantees you're under percent satisfaction. And that guarantee is backed by carrier. The people who invented air conditioning in the first place. And now invented the carrier infinity system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic tech and then adjusted itself for maximum efficiency. To maintain maximum efficiency on your corridor, what you read on it is you want to use your air and heat comfort club. Plus you do the inspecting tune up your system. And then if you ever have a problem, you'll enjoy a priority. Same day service and 10 percent off any needed repairs. You get all of these things. All of these things. All of these things are just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed and finnily system of pure on or peace of mind, audio around with a comfort club either way make the smart choice to Royce choice. Call Royce Air and Heat toll free and tell them that old Neil quoted call 1-800-377075. That's Royce Air and Heat toll free call 1-800-377075. This is Neil Roger. This is 516A. I am a host of dolphins, the greatest football team. We take the ball for gold and go like no one's ever seen. We are in the air. We'll end up bound. We'll always say good-row. And when you say Miami, you're talking so football cos weather, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number one, yes we're the Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins. I'm not asking I'm telling push. I can see the baby's hair. George Carolyn, are you getting this on tape? Melania push, still more hair terrific. Doc, question, Melania, not now. Doc, will she get stretch marks on? There's a chance. That's too bad. Carolyn, get my lawyer on the phone. George never mind her camera on me, Melania push. Doc, what is it? Congratulations. It's a billionaire. Perfect. I'm out of here. Ten 18 at five, 60, WQM, we got 821 hosts. We'll make that 1000 today, I think guys. Oh sure. 821, no sweat. What's your take on Iran? In Pete Bush before we have another invasion, 449, that seems to be the pop and that's what I voted for. And Pete's as now, like before the weekend. We can't even handle Iraq, 134, good point. That was not going swimmingly well. I vote. Blow them off the map. Those are Iranians. They're Schmacht ahead, 104. No more killing, no more lies 85. I guess that's not a pretty good one. That'd be good for like a bumper sticker. No more killing, no more lies 85. There, the threat to us, 26, yeah, but was that have to do with anything? There's snappy dressers 23, just like me. And I hate this pull three. Only three in other words, of course, we just put that on there, right? Well, even so. They like it. It's timely, man. Timely, should we have another debacle? Should we send a bunch more people over to get killed? Huh? Should we start seeing more horrible pictures of women in the little children getting blood even butchered? Anyway, I got an email about, let's see, 25 minutes ago, which I found most amusing. Not fall down on a floor, you know, slap your ass, would you both hands that funny, but amusing. In fact, I'm not sure whether it's amusing or disturbing, and I'm sure Miguel had his finger in this. I can smell it. Oh, yeah. I smell that finger. No, are you telling me you weren't involved in this so-hole debacle? No. You're not one of these people as part of this consensus that if I would just come down there, we'd sell Zidin's these CDs. I know you better than that. Oh. Anyway, our total, which Miguel did finally give us this warning after a lot of prodding and cleaning, 22,735 for that, to about 30. I'm 30, maybe, in the T-shirt campaign for Ben and Perechkin. In other words, we're a second win. We're not just not doing it, which is why I didn't want to do it again in the first place. I had writings been on the wall for years now, the law of diminishing return. You know, plus the fact that a lot of people don't have any money now, post-Wilma, three bucks a gallon for gas, and people don't have an awful lot of discretionary funds, plus there's another thing too. And there's that an awful lot of the bits around that disc, they've been on previous ones. And so if you'll notice, if you recall, that these appearances that we used to do, a lot of the very same people, and we appreciate their money, although not necessarily appreciate seeing some of them. But, um, we'll show up over it. Are you all understand? Yeah. So a lot of them have already got, like the bridge tender and young meal and hardly bits. And we did that full few days ago, but anyway, with all the other problems that we've got a QA, when all the other crises that seem to be swirling around us, it's just astonishing to me that our general manager, Abel, has got the time to be worrying about our CD campaign. This should be your biggest problem. That's what I would tell you. This should be your very biggest problem. Anyway, here's the email, because it doesn't say not for broadcast or confidential, or any of those things. Neal, like you have been disappointed in the sales of a 30-man CD in T-shirts to benefit a vanipere rescue. Now, let me just point out that going all the way back to the INZ days when the burden that rich, used to live is to sell cassettes that predated the whole CD thing. And they were like, take home the master copy and they were like, in their spare time, they've made their dub copies of the cassettes, and we've sold cassettes for charity. So that's what it about 20 years ago. Oh, we had cassettes too. In the beginning, yes. Well, what do we have cassettes too? The donor bio, I was just saying only cassettes. Oh, I didn't have no CDs. Anyway, so I've been doing this a very long time. We've raised well over a million dollars for charity, and that period of time. I don't know what to tell you. It was probably a couple of minutes. Camille, let's have a center-wanna vanipere rescue. And as the years have gone on, it became more of a pain in the ass, because they're just, oh, well, how long? I had to order my three days to go inside and hear you. Okay, tell me what it's got to be. All the other crantycosone. It's just, you know, in addition to which every year, I would put up the seed money, and then the people in the radio station were contributed money. I would embarrassed them and do it. This one gave a thousand. This one gave a 500-year-old. And so that helped to boost the total up substantially too. So if easily broadcasting or so concerned about whether this thing isn't going well, why don't they just leave that $5,000 in there? I'm sure they've already taken it back. They put up the seed money this year out of the kindness of their heart, because I wasn't going to do it. See what I'm saying? That $5,000 is being taken out. And I'm sure that's included in the $22,000, or not. Yeah, it is? Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. So that means we really got $17,000. If you take that out, we'll stay well. I'm in fact, they probably took it out already. We want our five grand back. Anyways, it's like you have been disappointed in the sale, the other. And talking to people here, the consensus is, the consensus is, I wonder how many people. And I'm sure we know it's not going to be people. You tell me that he didn't talk to you about this? He didn't. I talked to me about this. In talking to people who are the consensus is, if you would come down and do a personal appearance, we'd sell a ton of them. Now, I already discussed this with him once before. I think maybe his doggy Alzheimer's is kicking in or something like that. He's clown Alzheimer's. And I told him, unequivocally, no, that's not going to happen. I don't want any part of this in the first place. I want anything to do with it. I thought it was a bad idea. Even Miguel had been sitting there off the ear. I don't know what he's going to say on ear because he lies a lot. But agreeing that it was a bad idea. And you say that, we don't want to do it because you didn't want to do it. No, no, no. Oh, it's Jesus. So I told you off the ear, too. You're full of crap. Is that what he said, Josh? Yeah, I actually think he did. No, it's somebody said. That's what I said. Not back in the beginning. It was at least your interpreter, George Rodriguez. He was saying that the, you know, it's a lot of work. It's a pain in the ass and you don't want any part of it. That's what he said. And he didn't want any part of it either. Am I right about that, Josh? Yes, you are. Yes. And Josh didn't want any part of it. Not that he's going to do it. But he just, you know, I still put it in my phone. I bet you're pardon? I still put it in my mind, right anyway. He Joe continues. Listeners are always asking when you're going to be in the market. If this is something you consider doing, WQA would pick up the cost of the plane ticket. Well, let me just tell you this, Joe. I don't fly coach. Okay, a big deal. I spend it like me. I don't fly coach anymore. I fly first plan. So that would be about 1,700 bucks. So rather than wasting the 17,000 bucks on a plane ticket, why doesn't QAM put in the 17 or a bucks toward the charity there? That would hit us almost a 25 grand. See, wouldn't that be a good, a more creative idea? In addition to which if I came down or what end any says, we could do a Saturday and May at a high traffic location like Evan to Ramal. I think that results would be huge. Let me know what I think. Well, let me give you a short answer, okay? No, right, two letter answer. No. Just like I told you before, but we're going through this again. No. First of all, Saturday and May, it sounds like working on a Saturday. I don't work on Shabbat. So, okay, it's against my religion. There is no chance. He wants me to work on a day off and come down there and shut down there. In addition to which, how much would we raise? Now, we've been through a million of these. On one of our best days, would we raise 1700 bucks? Maybe. You know, if you were there, you would tell a lot. That is the truth. Is that an answer to what I just asked? I'd say that's about, right? I'd say about 1700. Maybe. No, you would put over two. Easy. Maybe would look 2000. Easy. You parked your ass over there at a chunk of paper. You're a full of crap man. We went out on these vans hits this year and we were getting buffed. I didn't buff his name. I have the difference in writing. It shows. Well, it shows what. From when you did appear. So, otherwise you are behind this. I am not behind this, but I agree with him. The difference in writing between what? When we did the 2001 CD, we raised that. You haven't actually had a lot of conversation. Well, that's what we had already in some WQAM. You're expecting me to extract blood from Iraq from Iraq. Yeah. Just so you're talking bananas and potatoes here. Well, once we got done with the other one. And what was the big difference? $97,000 down to 50. Down to 50. When did we do that? $2,000. $2,000. $2,000. Yeah. That was in a three-month campaign. We got $20,000 here and it's a two-week campaign. $22,000. So we're not doing that ban. No, we're not. I told you. Well, like I told you, if you get off your ass and get to van out there again, next week when Georgia's on, you can keep this thing going. We'll do it. It's all up to you. I don't really care. And I could come on here and pretend to care. Like, oh, I'm really upset how dare you people do like a stern thing. I don't care. From a pride stamp, how can you have any pride when you're working a place like this? Where everything they tell you was alive. And then they've got the goal to send you an email. Like, oh, I'm disappointed that something like I said, that should be our worst problem. Right? A station that it's doing like one year is in mourning an afternoon drive in men in our target demo. And our general managers worried about the about 30 campaign. This should tell people a lot. You know? Because the consensus among the people I talk to is we ought to be worried about taking care of business. That's the consensus. I've talked to people actually. I'm an owner radio and actually know a little bit about it. They think that we all ought to be worried about more important things than selling CDs. You know? I mean, if we were like blockbuster or something like that, then we ought to be worried about selling CDs. Right? In addition to which it's on our website, it's right there. Maybe QAM can put it on their website. Is it on there on the QM site? No, you're not. Because we don't even have a link from them because they don't want to be associated with this filthy show. Okay? That's correct. So, you know, that's the tremendous support we're getting. But in other words, creating more work for me to come down there and put up with a lot of these returns that you're up with these appearances in order to... You know you missed the guy with you, I then. What? You know you missed them. 28th and 10th and 5th, 60, WQM, HAL, you horse racing and poker of player fans. Pomp and a park racing and poker as all the punching action you want and a great way to celebrate tax date tomorrow. Pomp and a park tomorrow, hosting a tax relief day with everyone age 18 and over getting a free entry blind to impart of the $1,000 giveaway. Baseball tickets, I think mine, or maybe a vacation trip on Discovery Cruise lines. You could win $155,500 in cash. That'll take away a lot of people's taxable day blues. Okay, to just a half mile from both I&95 and the turnpack hits easy to get to Pomp and a park investable. Like always, like they done for years, they offer you free admission and free general parking every day. In fact, they'll retry it out there and grab you with a butterfly and it and drag you in. Live harness racing and the smoke free poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday poker gets underway at noon goes on the midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 p.m. Also, don't miss on Wednesday dollar nights, that's when draft beer, so does hot dogs and more and just a bucket piece every Wednesday starting at 6 p.m. And also, Pomp and a park, I mean, you're somebody else's because there's so much going on. Plus, lots coming soon too. Pomp and a park is open every day, seven days a week and nights featuring the best in sign-up casting, harness, thoroughbred, high-lion action from all across North America, free to watch and plunge your brains on. Don't forget to to come out tomorrow April 15th for tax relief days happening at Pomp and a park. A Black South Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road for the Curl Racing schedule called 954-972-2000 around the Wicked Webbits, Pomp and a park.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. This is Friday, you best soon. Now, the Saturday, at the Tokyo Cup, I heard some truckers coming down here once they had the same. I got a trailer full of action goods. Roll them across the border just today. It's our first five or two, we were caught to the dark ones of Philip Ello's to read around their dudes. I got a trailer full of action goods. And back to the now it will be reached. They don't seem to mind this in the last. They're in the bug and now we're making a big toast to learn about the now we're making a ditch. They're still running both and now we're making a big deal. We're going to start a smart will look for Walmart. We're about to say that we've been a jury. I got a trailer full of action goods. So we're still behind the set by day. We're going to go to America and share the routine of the city. So once we got to go, I got a trailer full of action goods. Don't forget to let's go like a day. There will work on day for the rest of the day. We're going to start a smart will look for a big deal. We're going to start a smart will look for a big deal. We're going to start a smart will look for a big deal. It's a 1035 25 to 11 o'clock. Here's that schedule to a clock in Scouting. Oh my god, when is that stop already? Man dog gets fin against way for the 60th or the other. I'll show it more. That's 60th. Then we have to marling him. It's going to be a crowd there tonight. What's the weekend now? That's right. Although it is good Friday and it's a piece of it. Marlins on deck at 7 o'clock. The watch didn't answer. They've been boring. I'm going to run for a 25-year-old. I didn't hear any of the show because you were busy feeding you much of propaganda. But he's not okay. Yeah, did fine. I listen on the way in. Yeah. Good. In fact, I'm thinking maybe Roxy and by anyway. What? I don't know. Listen, you've got some nerve to be laughing. See, you could tell. Even the audience can tell by all the propaganda. You were just feeling there a minute ago. That you're behind this email. No, I am not. Even though you deny. I mean, you're one of the, you're part of the consensus. You are the consensus for us now. I mean, I don't know the role you out there who is, you know. No two hundred million stations. Uh, I wouldn't have anybody in promotions. You're it. You're the promotion man. Yes, I am. And the fact that you're giving all these statistics now, you're spitting out well. I'm playing there. Are you? You're important. I'm giving the stats to you only. Yeah. Nobody else has asked me to do this. Well, what stats? You give me totals about how much we did. Whatever. I'm going to say it again. If I came down there, we didn't appearance it. The average room law where the average age is death-tussed. By the way, well, I would be. We, huh? I wouldn't. I wouldn't take you there. That's what he's saying. This is how much Clarabel knows about promotions. Okay. Haven't you remal? I wouldn't wish that on Hitler. Okay. Go in there. All right. The only good part about having sure walls they got. At least they used to have a good ice cream place in there. Was it a Ben and Jerry shop, I think? I don't know. You know about the ice cream. No, I'm not asking you. I'm asking Miguel. We did we go there. We did the same there. I think it was on this station. Sure was. No, he just worked there. No, not two. I did with you were at specs. And that the, that pizza loft. Oh, well, specs is out of business and pizza loft. We have no relation with any more. At least I don't. So what does that tell you? See? It's not a good idea. Wherever we go, you'll have luck. No, no, I'm not bad luck. It's like the whole concept is bad luck. Yeah, I'm bad luck, question. That's specs. That was my first gig with you. Well, and we also used to do what pizzas, too. Is there any pizza stores anymore? No, I said Larry Flinter would not hustler shop in Fort Lodderdale. Where pizzas used to be. Still hungry and I didn't appearance at pizzas there once upon a time. Back when he was a good guy. Are you sure he was okay when he was pretending to be a good guy and our friend? And we raised a ton of cash there. But even there I doubt that we raised more than two grand in one day in a couple hours, whatever was. Yeah, we could have done it. And that was on a station where Phil had his CD and Rick and suds had one, and or they had something. And the Randy had that TV video thing. We had all kinds of stuff. And the whole station was involved in it. See, there's a big difference between that and between like laying it all off on me again. So, you have to make the news to you, but last time I checked in accordance to your very own words, which has to start taping what aren't going to be any more of them. But those conversations I should have on tape. We're doing fine here between 10 and 2, at least relative to everything else. We're not kicking big ass like we used to, but we're doing fine. Considering we're on a sinking ship. So instead of like all your predecessors, we're trying to fix what isn't broken. How about fixing what is broken? Which you've got a lot of broken parts. You know, if like a car that's been in a massive car crash, start working on those. I mean, like I said, why don't you give the 17-meter bucks that have a custom to play to get, you've got to throw that in there. I'll throw in a couple of grand. I'll get embarrassed to do it. And you know something, I wasn't going to discuss this on the ear, but because of this email, I'm going to discuss it. And this will probably kill a little thing right now. I don't really care. And both of you know what I'm going to say. You know exactly one of the reasons I'm so wrong doing this. I didn't want any part of it in the first place. See, I don't like the raising money for charity, but the poor little puppies I care about dogs. It cats and putty cats. I don't want no part of it. So the fact some of the money I'll go for kitty cats, I'm not too pleased about that. But I'll look the other way. Yeah. But every time you raise money for charity, and I mentioned this year that a Camille house was all upset because we had to picture of the Dolphin players on horseback, a black players and wild west would shotguns. And it was a cute thing. And the Dolphin players donated their efforts to it. There was no problem with it. Oh, that's a racial thing. It's a racial overtones and Camille sounds that might be associated with it. Well, yes, yes, what? So all of you homeless starving people out there. You're going to miss your meals because Camille sounds with stupidity. Too shoes to be involved. So I think it's good. Okay. Go molested children or something. Leave us alone. And then we had to send her one thing. And of course, that wound up blowing up when certain young lady decided that she was a Monteroje's autograph at that golf tournament. That's Korean and the Greg forced to do that to us. You remember that, Theo? See, that's the bottom line. There is nothing good that's going to happen for the radio station for me, for you guys, for anybody connected with us. There's nothing good that's going to happen as a result of doing this. You see what I'm saying? There's no upside. You can always, on the other side. Like having them fly in O.J. Simpson from California at that time. And you know, having him show up in spite of my, it was promised to me that he wouldn't be there. Promise to me. How was it? Sure. Do you remember that, like we have to sew it? I'm sure. I was going to enter that. Yes. Well, you remember. Yeah. And so what do they do? Not only they have them show up, but then your good friend, San, that was it the opening day thing of the day, which he's shocking to me. He puts him on the phone and it calls up George to try to get him to on the air with me. Like I'm going to put O.J. Simpson on the air. Like everything's a big joke. Yeah. That's the word I got for it. I can't say it on the air. Effort. It's all a big joke. So this has been just a series of negatives involved in these things. And now I guess I better do the break before I start ripping into a band and per rescue. I think you should. Okay. Because you know what I'm going to say. And you've heard about it too. I wasn't there to see it, but you know, George knows. You know, I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he did make it up either, didn't he? No. No. 1041 or 5. So you see Joe, but you know, I have a whole pile of stuff. I got my usual show. We got a couple of calls coming in. But I'm going to spend some time talking about this because I'm sick and tired of people try to always put everything off on my fan ass. Okay. To least stick my ass in a box and put it in the ground or in my asses in an urn. It's always going to be, well, what can Neil do for us? Maybe Neil can bail us out. Okay. No. Neil's already doing the best. He can't debate your ass out. Okay. Deal with your problems. Not between 10 and 2. And it was the same on IOD, the same crap all the time. Let's put Neil on at 9.30 now because we don't know what to do with that 9 to 10 hour. Or let's have Neil come in and hold Rick and Susanne for an hour every day between 9 and 10. And do an extra hour for free. And who's up to 9 to 10 ratings? What which I did? And then what? What's in it for me? What's the upside? Huh? A full star and a purple jelly bean? 1042 a QAM. Geldie come up at 2. That should do it. At least Geldie is. What he is. If you think you have termites in your home, I wonder if termites make squeaky sounds. You don't speak in a Geldie? Call Riddit Peskin told me if I were free termite inspection. This is the time of the year when it starts. Just during rainy season and all summer long, that's when they start like eating your whole house up. Riddit Peskin told me he uses an amazing orange roll treatment that kills termites and their race. 100% on contact. They're gone right now. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to attend your home. Don't have to worry about poisonous scams, no moving out of hotel stays. No worry about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your house, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's a mahaya. Even if you have a termite problem, this is the thing to do calm right now. We're depressed control and I'll say goodbye to him for a long time. Call right now. Find out about the amazing orange roll treatment to kills termites and their race. 100% on contact. No tending. No BS. No kidding. Call right now. Ritted test control for a free no obligation inspection. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Be sure to tell them the time. Go wreck. For a dinner call. 1-800-447-43-48. This is meal ruggers. This is 5-62-8. You hope the higher race. Don't give your it's a close ring. These are the things your thing can have. When your tax shooting. Don't do tax credit for your mayors' kids. And call to dawn at the pinned end. Licked the flood while the horizon's a charity. Just get you to the government land. No, it's got a bit to flow. You're the old one of me. We're the ones you're thinking of. When you're tax shooting. When you're tax shooting. All right. 10-48-56-12-12. So be sure and catch Miguel's big appearance next week. He's going to be having a small walkers and a colostomy bag. The first 10,000 people on Sunday against the Washington Nationals. They're probably going to have 10,000 people. They're sending for the nets. They're dreaming, baby. On Easter Sunday. Maybe you'd gotta give out Easter rings with $100 Bill inside each one. Then maybe they might get 10,000 people, but I doubt it. I'll go. And then I love the promo they had yesterday. I want to just, just my luck. I turn over for like about two pitches. And then they go to the end of the inning. And they go to the break. And here comes the Fox Sports promo on there. It's the start of the Easter vision race to the Pena. It's the Easter vision championship. And the Don Trail. And Miguel Cabrera. And a bunch of fine young up there. You know, like those are the only two names we got because those are the only two anybody knows. And they're going to be in the race for the Easter vision championship. Oh my god. That's almost like those things we were playing for the Panthers there. But they're driving to the playoffs and they play out my ass. Okay. I know as they blew the game again last night there in the last two seconds. Only they have Joe Noondike. They all amount overtime. He's always us old timers like me and Joe Noondike. We have to be allowed everybody else for their in up to two. Now Miguel, were you with this banquet dinner? Whatever this thing was this charity event. Yes. You were there. Okay. So I got I've got a I witnessed who can verify because otherwise I was I win this is who's the other ones. Georgia though to I. I see. Well, yeah, you who he was always just stir up the crap. Probably because the dogs don't park in Spanish. But anyway, so what was this thing? This was a was this charity was an abandoned per rescue event? Yes. I mean, I was an odd. I'm trying to remember when even this was. It was an auction I believe. Yeah. And you know, dinner and the whole thing was very nice. And I had tables set up with the different people who were involved with the charities. I what George Solman? Yes. And it said they're in big letters on the thing WQIM. George was there. You were there. Yes. And on the read at the time. I was there as well. Who? The gohis to work at power who introduced us to a band of for a minute. There I thought you said, Doreen, we sit on real lap. And anyway, so the people from a band of Poverse you saw our table there. The big WQIM sign and George McGill sitting there with a smile on their face. And we raised all this money for them for quite some time. And they walked right on by like the on horse says walk on by. Remember that song? Yes. Walk on by and they did. And I thank you very much. Not hey, how you doing? Not oh, it's so cute. I'm nothing. Didn't even acknowledge your resistance to my right about that. Am I exaggerating? Am I embellishing it? You're correct. I'm correct. I am absolutely correct. Sir. And so once I heard about that, I thought, well, you know, remember the guy you should be on the FLEI. FLEI, FMS. And that's what I thought. FLEI. Now, granted. She doesn't know George. Yeah. So, George, so we went into his like a big sign on this same WDQAM radio. Five, 60. Well, we raised all this money for you people. Huh? The table sign where you saw that you know where to sit. Yeah. The table placing card. Oh, so now you're backing off. Is that that back in all the charges on vacation this week? You're like back in a way. So you're fair with a friend. Fair with their friends. We're supporting him a minute ago. And now you're kind of like back at all. They didn't know who the hell he was. Well, they did it. Yeah. Yeah. But when you think that, and from what he told me, they were kind of like going a bouncing from one to the other and thanking people who helped them out and we're right. Is that right? Yes. Well, then why the hell would they leave out QAM? I don't know. We raised them one crap load a money. What's all that we owe them? Do I owe them something? Do I also have to fly it down and go there and put all the little dogs on ahead? Is that it, too? Joe? If you'd like. I don't want to. I don't want to. My dogs are dead. Okay. And believe me. My dogs were fine. And then I was in off our way with the dogs. I love dogs, but that's it. What do the thing with the pets is that it was safe from people to complain about? It was I like? Safe from people complaining about. People complained about doing stuff for center one. They complained about doing plant parenthood. You know, nobody's thinking about that. I'm not sure I forgot we did plant parenthood, too. At least they were very gracious to us and very nice to us plant parenthood. Yes. I think that's what we should have done this year. Who came up with this cock and me, the idea of doing this event in Pair Rescue again? All the time Pair and who did that, they got all the right to life. There's all the fetus huggers all whipped up out there again, too. Oh, plant parenthood. They're a bunch of baby killers. They were very nice to us. And we're very grateful and sent the plaques and all kinds of snacks and snacks. And it's been a stack, you know, very easily. You could open up like a couple hundred row CDs, which I think a couple of would be too much. And just FedEx made the, you know, in a small package. And I think the inserts, whatever you call those, the thing. And I could autograph them. Okay. No problem with that. I'll do that. And I would send them back to you. Okay. And suppose that shut them all the way down there and sitting there with a bunch of retards. Oh, hi, Neil. Let's say, God, what are you at? Oh, it's Reverend Drone. You know who would show us. See your laugh because you're not open because you're not. You're not open because you're not. They're in Toronto and I got to see them. I don't want to see those people. I don't have a choice. I don't want to do that crap anymore. It's in the same retards over and over again. Oh, hi, Neil. It's a retard. Oh, they let me out today. And I'd like to prove from Cookies, and it's like they all let them out. And then I have to sit there and get them happy to see them. You know, because they're schlepping right in and usually most of those people don't spend any money anyway. You know what I mean? Yeah, like that one. I've got, I bought all the CDs. I didn't have that. Yeah, I'll grab one by CD. It's one more worth my while not to see those people. They got with a fanny, punk, the guy with the eyes, with his David Cassidy blow up dog. I don't want to see those people. No, I've had enough of it. And if that's what if that's where this is all leading. If I got to like do that. Then just write a check and I'll go away. Okay, then come in here. They can deconstruct this studio and make it back into like a, you know, a guest bed. You're might can find somebody to hang out and hear a believe me. We believe you. Yeah. And how would this? If that's what they want? Have choice time to check, okay? Because I'm sure her signature would be just as good as the B's. These rubber stand. No, but I'll send those slips up there. That's a good idea. Yeah. See, I can come up with something creative. And I have no interest in doing it, but I'll be more than, you know, I'd like to go to a local little bit. It's embarrassing. They have 22 grand and then I find out that five grand from the B's. I still in there. I don't believe that. I'm sure they got it. At least it's in the total number. But I'm sure that the 5000 is right back in our pocket again. It wouldn't give me five cents. So like I said, instead of picking up the cost of the plane ticket, just put that money back in the kitty there for kitty cats and the little dogs for a man and pet rescue. If you're so concerned about this, Joe, he's disappointed in the sales. Well, you know what? I am too, but you should be my biggest problem. And if you want to see one of my biggest problems in life, Joe, there's a mirror in the T-room there. In fact, maybe in his private bathroom there in a managerial office, it wouldn't surprise me if he's got a mirror in there. Go in there and look at it. Take a good long look. Because just like I was telling parents the other night during our our gnashing session on a phone, my life is sensational. Everything is great. Like race Stevens would say, everything is beautiful. It's dark and gray and grippy today and not the nice and stay. It's not going to be about 55 56 to eat. And it also is like being in paradise. And what are the main reasons it's like being in paradise is because I'm not there. This is paradise. Well, you know, somebody else said that. And what happened to him and his muskrat. He's doing the muskrat ramble somewhere in New York now again. And believe me, if they ever found out New York that he was back again, it would be good luck to you. 941 votes. We got almost our 1000th day of the first hour today. We're kicking big fat ass. We don't need to help them clear about it. 940 minutes. We'll Roger. Let's have a few kids down. It's 516. 880. This is the Neil Roger show. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Rock. What a question. Any questions. We'll be the 365 football club. Oh, boy, check his pair, boys. We're on my form. Very Bum. Right, don't. Very Bum. What's your the own? That's very Bum. You're being named, boos, on one with me and queen. Why? Everybody trying to drug kiss me. You think it's cool? Who's always taking all the juice? Who is always acting so a loo? Who is closer for this to the loo? And Barry? Who me? Yeah you. Barry bombs. Barry bombs. What's going on? With Barry bombs. From sports to street. Right to the depth of life. Well everybody's saying I take roads. We need roads. Federal grandjuries consider whether to do in die San Francisco's giant slug or Barry bombs for Perjury because of testimony gave to another grandjury in 2003. CNN is a reporting. Josh is pretty peoed about it too. If I hear this story again, I'm just going to jump off a barrage. Promise? We better cancel that check then. I better stop payment. Files told the first grandjury in December 2003 that he was clean. And they said, I don't think so. They gave him the sift test. The new panel has been hearing testimony for a month about whether the baseball is super star lied about his steroid use during the hearing several sources said. This is extremely bad news for Barry bombs. He said CNN senior legal, mevon Jeff Tuben. Because the federal prosecutor doesn't start looking into Perjury unless he's got a pretty good idea. He's going to find Perjury at the end of the day. The US attorney's office would need to confirm nor deny the report. Grandjury proceedings are generally kept secret. Of course it's up when they start leaking him out. But there's the offer from the immunity. Then you ask him the questions and then you get him for 18 US C1,000 one line to federal officers. Exactly what they got marked before. That's the trap. And that was the trap that was being right. He said Barry was being laid or something like that. Isn't it just in? Yeah, that's it. The thought makes me nauseous. Okay, let's get a couple of calls on here. Some of our good friends that want to come to Aventure Mall and Saturday may whatever is. Huh? We can ask them if they can't. It doesn't matter if they're not have. Why not have a thing at Aventure? George needs the money. Why not give George a little bit of talent feedy go out and do a bunch of these things. He could use a little something since he's been lied to so much for a so long. You say talent feed for that? What? Why not? Why not? In other words, you think he's going to get the drag as that's out of bed and go out to Aventure Mall and Saturday for free. That's what they're expecting me to do. A big high paid shot like me. I'm going to come down here and Aventure Mall. God, you've got to be kidding me. You know what's like to even drive it around that area by Daventure Mall? Yeah. Forget about it. See, the fact that he's suggesting Aventure Mall, not that right there reveals his expertise in this area once again. I wonder if they play any country music at Aventure Mall? That's their crowd. Maybe country music and Yiddish. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you've got to hear from seven of folks who are just waiting for me to come to the Aventure Mall so they can check out my new wardrobe. 5, 6, and haircut. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 6, and the Verizon singular wireless line. See, I don't think the audience wants to hear that. That's one of the reasons I stopped doing with the van hits because it was taken up like half of the show. It's not simple, lady, you're ready, okay? It's like putting all these stupid interviews on with all these coaches and these boring people and, you know, I were in bag. If you want to do that to the other shows, it's pretty obvious what the fallout from that has been. If you want to start doing it here, forget about it. Start interfering. Let's start doing that. Let's spend the whole show talking about the SCD thing. Look at that. There's not one call on the board now. Look at that. When I have to lay catches up in about 15 minutes, then you're going to really see it because then all those people are going to be insulted that I said I don't want to see them. I'll guess what? They're going to say, we don't want to see you either. Okay, you faddle. That's what it will be. Well, good. Then the feeling is mutual. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, look at this. Is this incredible or what? Have you ever seen this? What, dead phones? Look, this dead? This is pretty dead. Well, right before you said that there were three on. And then they went away. And pound five, 60, leave a rise and sing it a wireless line. See, this is the interest of it, got because if they pretend they got interest, then they figure we're going to trace the call and make sure that they show up. If somebody does go out and do one of these appearances, they don't want it. They don't want to be bothered with this. Okay, Joe. There you go. There I go. One. Look, I got news for you. Okay. These are going to be short. W2AM. Hello. QAM. I speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil Rogers. Good afternoon. Good morning. I wanted to ask you. I've been listening to you show for years the first time I called. And I've listened to you talk about the media today in the war and the president. And I was wondering if you would agree that the media is as complicit as in this Fiasco. Yes. I said, so, first they could never, it's just like Hitler. They could never have done it without the help of the media. That's right. With the media sitting back and sucking up. That's correct. Well, I think they're afraid of them. I think the advertisers might be afraid. There's a couple of all. They're going to ask you. And you talk to others. They want a couple of all the AKs like you and me remembering. Be a man, guys. Harry, Lee's never would. Right. With say how many killed and how many wounded. Right. They put up a sign on. And then my crime case. Going against the war. At that point, they said, boy, if water's against it. Now we've lost the public. We've lost support. Correct. And that's why the generals were lying to their teeth as you recall. Westboro and many others during Vietnam. And they were given phony body counts. And the public didn't have any idea about how many kids were coming back and body. And just like now with this grave robber, we got that we can't photograph the caskets and all this other garbage. You know, people have no personal feeding about this. It's like numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere. Not like we are living in breeding human people. You're 100% correct. It's nauseating. You hear on the news today. Well, three Marines killed by a roadside bomb. Yeah. Well, Pete, let's tell us more about Natalie. And let's hear about that. That's it. Now you're talking. Right. I say. So, you're talking about that investigation at Duke about that stripper that got raped. Let's hear more about that. That's the story I was trying to think of yesterday. That's the one for this last 10 days now. After doing it up, right now on CNN they're doing it again. Will, please tell us who they are. Don't tell us the soldier was killed. We love those people. We support them. You and good people with families and mothers and writers and brothers and sisters and wives and husbands and whatever. Right. Tell me their name. Show me their picture. Make them mean something. They all love you. I love you. Show it. Take care. We'll find a way. Sign America. Good luck. Happy. Peace. See, there's a good collar. And you're giving me a second. What's wrong with you guys? So negative. Surround with dronians. See, here we go. The Duke investigation against. No charges have yet been filed. There's Mrs. Limboa Hawking a check. Let me ask you this. Did you care about the Duke investigation? You care about that story? No. I'm good. Ask me if I care about it. The answer is no. How about again? Think here about that. To care less. You see, there's three for three. Even baby root never met in a thousand. Even varies. But never met in a thousand. Even with all the emroyves he's been doing. All that cream has been smear it. Even he never met in a thousand. Three for three. We don't care. And look at this. It's going on. And I mean, the story still going on. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. The last week it was the kid who was a crime in Monon because he put a webcam up. He was doing his. His deed there on the camera. And oh, he was a viewed. He else. He knows exactly what he was doing. And now this week it's this thing in Duke University. Like I'm supposed to care. Like there are thousands and thousands of other women who were raped really. There's a, because the story that he says that she was drunk. I don't even know. I mean, it's in my pile. I don't even know. Yes, he was just passed out drunk. And that's not the players who were saying that. That's one of the first police officers to see her report about it. And she was passed out. She was intoxicated. How you're like that. Yeah, strippers, strippers do that. They get a little intoxicated. They get a little intoxicated. That's what Tempest Storm told me was a part of time. As she was clapped at her phony apparatus. Tell me to kill me. Hello. Yeah, deal, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Deal, Rodgers? No, Neil Downs. Yes, sir. This is me. I don't. I'm doing good. Somebody here from oven. Do you want to speak to? Yeah. Read a call. We do. I got news for a pal. Read a call. We ate the old enough to be an oven syrup. She's got a hell of a voice. If I wouldn't be surprised if you were to put your eye on her. At least on a weekend. We specialize in putting people on with bad voice. Maybe she'll be next. Maybe she can do like a two man sure would let him our test. Somebody to kill me. Hello. Not there. See how much they care. Hello. It goes back. Quinn in the basket. I got news for a man. Don't be knocking my book, Pat Quinn. The Leafs last night again. Over time when they're still alive. They're hanging by a thread. I think I got a way to get even with this pervaging. Oh, because they lie so monol. I think I've got the perfect idea. Now you both didn't witness his hearing. Clarence say, oh, come on. Neil Lewis for a show today. Just one day. I think I'm going to start to want a hockey show. Oh. What? Yeah. I mean, it's a sports station. I don't want to be out of step all the time. I don't want to be the odd man out. Oh, there's that Mark Crawford. He's getting fired. I'm sorry. But obviously, the most teams find a way to recover. See there. Let's do some hockey stuff intensive hockey crap. Be a fact. I think they're doing that game in an hour right now. As soon as they get back from commercial. I'm going to do the whole thing. There was your bone in the hairy Neil. Leafs and Islanders last night. Yeah. They showed they showed the parking lot there. They long Islanders. I'll tell you how to call a scene where the Islanders play their homigans. That I've been reading about how the crap it is inside, even the rats ran out. But that place is such a dump. It is so unbelievable. You know, big time New York. Everything in New York is supposed to be the biggest and the best and the glitzie is the long Island. The National County Colosseum is the biggest pilot tour. No one of the Islanders play there. Tell me if you weigh in. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. Hey. I just wanted to give some props for Chief Oberman. Yeah. He's probably the only people who will go. Don't say it too loud. You might not see him anymore pretty soon. Yeah. Every night before he goes off, he says how many people died. Right. Right. Right. That's right. He's good. He's compared to the other crap that they got on or he's sensational. Yeah. And John Dealey of course, I walked every night. Well, I was with him. Oh, we did cause me. And he's the worst. Exactly. We shot. Oh, she's the worst. Bye. Bye. Oh. How I see. It's like, oh, it's like an estation. I mean, I was telling somebody the other day. I think it was my conversation with Florence who's probably outstick today as we Sullivan. All we did agree with everything I see. Got there from Joe. But yeah, just a child can listen to it on a radio. Oh, my God. How can that person be on a radio? They got such a bad voice in the same with her on television. I guess, on a lawn here, Canada, the town. At least there'll be wearing pink rippens on their helmets. Do you know it's inside came here even the least of where I'm pink. That's right. First, they changed their name of the baseball stadium to the Rogers Center and now the least of where I'm pink. Yeah. I'll go back to the second school. Yeah. See, here's Joe Ball raise money for charity. He's he's not being forced to go to have and turn it to do it. You go, Joe. He's the best. Here on the email Rogers. He's hockey show. All right. Remember had the right idea. Get him with these backiers. WDQAM. Hello. This Sunday, we're in the direction of party. Take it off. They don't have. Huh. You know, I wish I were to save the ashes like some people. Do I would have said it to that guy? That guy so obsessed with my little dog. Just obsessed. WDQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm a car. I've been a listener for a long time since the days of John Morningham and QAM. Oh, John Morningham. Yeah. He's the end of time, by the way. I was funny you said I was just going to ask. I don't know if anybody there knows. I think he did. Yeah. Why? Listen to him and tonight. This is like when I walk in high school and then I was in some burpee more. Oh, my God. Oh, he had a nose for sports news. Yeah. By the way, I got something special for him. I said, here it is. John, boy. Man. Oh, wow. That brings back memories. Let me tell you. He's been had his own jingle and that even had one up. John Boy and Man. On sports, free the old heart six days of WDQAM. Oh, didn't he end up doing the, the panties like that for a season? Yeah. No, that was Chris Moron. You're thinking of. Oh, that's right. By the way, it was always Ed Burliner. For a life. On sports, free the old heart six days of WDQAM. Oh, Neil, one, one last thing. I wanted to have a Josh. I'm Billy's friend, Juice. Oh, hey, Juice, what's going on? What's up, buddy? How's everybody? You want to Josh's boyfriend, then? You said? Yeah, all right. Neil, love you, man. Okay, see you, pal. He said something about the juice. Yeah, the juice showed up at our golf tour, but that's what it was. The juice. Fasted. Murdering bastard and he shows up at the, they fly him in. The radio station, they spent money to fly him in just to piss me off. It's because I said I didn't want him there. The charity golf tournament, my name. But I ended up on a part of that thing either, because I knew it was going to be a disaster. And as usually I was, that's so lowly correct. They took what could have been a very positive thing. And they turned it in a crap. And it is in which we didn't raise squaf from that thing. The net from that whole thing was, uh, Zippin'y, due to a very little. I can't go into bucks. That was like $3,500,000 or something. You know, I, I know. You remember the line in this estimate in a golf father? I have it. Here it is. I know. You're the one in an email with Zippin. I told you that I said, I told the drives that even before you came in here. I said, this sounds like the had to work on that turncoat Miguel. Nope. In talking to people here, the consensus is, if you would just come down and do a personal appearance, yeah, that's you. That is you. I knew it was you all along, Fredo. So listen, Josh is going to take you out fishing this weekend. I'm not going. Yeah, you are. Say a few Hail Mary. 14 past 11 at 560 WQM, the Emerald Coast. That's a good place to go this weekend. Just eat your, uh, all your cares away. When it does go there and pick out. It's Florida's number one Asian-Gorne made with phase rated by Zigat restaurant review. And how every Friday through Sunday night like tonight, you can enjoy lobster fest at the Emile Coast featuring delicious main lobster thermador. And every night at the Emile Coast is crab fest with less than snow crab. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30. But third of me. The Emile Coast. The Emile Coast will be surprised if grazing and after now he knows it got sushi. The Emile Coast also serves juicy delicious New York steaks, coaches the way you love man, handcar, parmrib and Zigians of great delicious enthrase. And on the weekends for dessert, leave room for the Emile Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. Stick your fruit in there, baby hand if you're on strawberries, marshmallows, all kinds of decadent treats. And check out there all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to talky over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more kosher for Pesach. The Emile Coast has got three convenient locations to serve you there in sunrise, sunny house, beef and pepperal fines, reservations suggested call the Emile Coast and then go way to pick out there this weekend. 954, 572, 38, 22. This is New Rogers. This is 516, 15, 15, 15. Holy Macadadad! This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. I'm so moved. Oh go go go go go go go. Who's a scienceologist that turned out to be a hit for food? Stop. You're gay and man. Who always the truth that it's never made for thousand food? Shaf. Did you think it? Who's the? That's lifting palm of every other really churn? Shaf? Not only. This thing's shut this one brain wash mother. Shaf, shaf, shaf. I turn my shaf. No, we can't. These are two faithful hearts but no one understands him but all on the other. Shaf. 990 votes on the pool. We're going to have a thousand people. 1130. I'm impressed. I am impressed. Beautiful thing. Right. And you don't want to throw those people don't want to donate to charity. They don't want those stupid STVs and T-shirts. That's fine. You know how fast Miguel exchange a subject when we're talking about that other thing? Because George's appointed that Neil. George was pissed off about that and rightfully so. Yes, he was. And he passed it along to me and said it was pretty rude to them just not even to acknowledge our presence there or thank us for. And as we saw to that, I'm not interested in no more. I've been burned by these charity things in the al-Discript for many times in the past. And so one of us suggested to me by certain people in the building. Certain people in the building. You're a friend. I want to mention a name. You know what I'm saying? That we all we got to do something, you know? Right. I don't want to mention a name. It's tough. We got to get off this instant that we do this crap again. I said, I'm not interested. I want to do it with it. And at that point, there were certain people to share me. I'll well, we'll take care of it. You don't have to do anything. Other than spend half of your show every day talking about where the van is going to be. And it's going to be a place where in Yenemsville where our audience wouldn't go if you give him 50 bucks to their and gas to go there. Speaking of what I did, I just played for this reason. Did you see the South Park story? I mean, I tell the episode as well. These guys are the best. Yes, they are. Van by comedy central from showing an image of the Islamic prophet Mohammed. The creators of South Park, skewered their own network for hypocrisy in the cartoons of the recent episode. You go boys. Check my favorite part was when they got the a message that they were able to do the thing. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not the thing. Yeah. The comedy in the, oh, I wonder if Joyce will approve that, okay? Oh, I got some good news for her. What's the, I found out something interesting about Joyce from co-occurrence in my conversation that she doesn't have a fat ass. Anyway, the comedy in the episode aired during Holy Week for Christians instead featured an image of Jesus Christ defecating on President Bush and American flag. I think that's very appropriate. Yes, it was. And in the library constructed two part episode of their Peabody award winning cartoon. I wonder if that has to do with Mr. Peabody. South Park readers Matt Stone and Trey Parker intended to comment on the controversy created by a Danish newspaper publishing of those caricatures of my Hammond. Muslims consider any physical representation of their property blasphemous. Those schmotha heads. When a cartoons are repeated in newspapers worldwide in January and February, Spark to wave a protest primer when I signed my account, there are people who are dead today because of cartoons. This is the kind of religious crazy people we're dealing with. Not just Muslims, but all of them. Just people are the crazy people and the more religious the crazier and the more dangerous they are. There is no doubt about that. Absolutely. Now, Parker and Stone were angered when told by comedy central several weeks ago that they couldn't run an image of my Hammond according to a person close to the show who dare not be identified because of issues sensitivity because he wants to stay alive and employed. The never-stecision was made over concerns for public safety the first and said. Comedy central said in the statement issued yesterday, in light of recent world events we feel we made the right decision to execute as wouldn't say no mole. As is often the case with Parker and Stone, they built South Parker around the incident. In Wednesday's episode, the character Kyle is showing trying to persuade a fox network of executive to wear an unsensored family guy, even though it had an image of my Hammond. Either it's all okay or none of it is, Kyle said, do the right thing. The executive decides to strike a blow for free speech and agrees to show up, but if the plot were my Hammond is to be seen in the screen and spoke with a message, comedy central is refused to broadcast an image of my Hammond on their network. It is followed shortly by the images of Christ, Bush and the flag. Our frequency has part-quidic that far bissen William Donahue of the anti-difamation group Catholic league, called who's always gritting his teeth and talking like he's going to spit blood any second, called on Parker and Stone to resign out of principle for being censored. The other man Hippocrite is not comedy central. That's their decision not to show the image of my Hammond or not. Parker and Stone he said, like little horrors they'll sit there and grab the bucks. They'll sit there and they'll wine they'll take their shot of Jesus. That's their stock and trade. It's the second run in over religion in the last few months for the sadderest comedy central, full of March, we run a South Park episode that Moxide told us, Isaac Hayes, we know, was on a protest, y'all. South Park again got the worst last word last month when the episode where chef was seemingly killed and mourned, as a jolly guy whose brains were scrambled by the super adventure club, who turns his members into pedophiles. Maybe chef will line up in a closet there with Tom Cruise and John Revolta. Just wait and some other well-known people were in a closet. Only last week South Park won broadcasting prestigious Peabody Award awards director Horst Nukum said that at that time, they'd buy a defensiveness to sure minds this of the need for being told. Be sure on TV if you ask me, I know watch it but it's a best you're on TV. I know watch it because they'd ever think to watch it, you know. This isn't about the same time as a supernatual Wednesday at 10. Oh, like I said, it's not even on Tuesday at 9 on whatever number on the WB. 994 votes, I would be surprised when we come back after the break that we got a thousand votes, which I think means it's time for Marlon Pregame. 997, I know how to make that happen. You know what? How's that? Just a minute. I'll show you, I'll give you demonstration. Oh, I know what's coming. Well, it worked. It worked the last two days. We get that Marlon Pregame goal and we get the Roxy Under again. Right? Right. Seemed to work pretty good. Last time. Come on, you guys are so cheap. Give us a lot of money for the charity. Give David Sanson and Delilah. A lot of money for that stadium. Let's stop holding back. You know, everyone he was loaded. Okay. You got money under your mattress. You got a hidden away like in mothballs in the broom closet, which I'm for Volta. Let's get with it. 997 on there. What's your take on Iran? Is our full question today? See, if I was smart, I would Iran as fast as I came when I saw the email from your close personal friend Clara Bell. Well, I mean, what nonsense? All the stuff that's going on there. All the unfinished business, all the issues that have been pervericated about. And he's given me a son to the answer about he's disappointed by the total. Like I said, that should be your worst problem at WQAM Joe. That should be your worst problem. And by the way, how's your check coming? See, every place we've ever been. Remember, Greg used to put in a grand and the, and I OG used to be Bob Green or Disney. We put in 1000, the company we've put in 1000, you know. Everybody in a place would write a check 500, 200, and we raised 1000s that way. It was a team effort. But even those supposedly esports, they can't complain about our team because they don't have one. Every year I'd embarrassed a Humphor heat bell. It's come through good with a 500 dollar check, mad dog the same thing. Are we going to do that this year? No. Huh? Anywhere in the why I'm not going to do it this year? Why is that? Because I don't want. The 1,000 for a vote. So what's your take on Iran? And Peach Bush before another invasion 534, 50 people I want percent in Peach's ass now. Amen. Before he defecates on a flag again. We can't even handle Iraq, I'm going to go into Iran. We would like up to our earlobes in Iraq. Blow them off the map 132 really angry people man. 132 blow them off the map. Blow them out of the stone age to hit the break the news to you. They are already there. No more killing, no more lies, 101. They aren't as red to us 32. Well what does that have to do with it? There's snappy dressers 29 and I hate this poll only 7. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. Others stunt rejoin. Follow me. Tell you something. My friend. Do not only is well-mixed cartoon number. It's Pakistan. Thank you. What did you do? Don't you either. I'm in the field. I'm in the... Discuss. Discuss. It's on a 32. Here's the next week's schedule. We got Bow and we got Goli and we got... Oh look at that. That's Wednesday. I'll write that. I'm not here anyway. See they got me on the schedule. I'm not on vacation next week. This goes to Sharia. Who's making a schedule? Robert? Probably yes. Because Terence and here they get a guess what? Robert. I'm off there next week. I'm on vacation. You moron. But happy piece off to you. Hope you choke on nine pieces of manta. Let me see it again. Three eyes. Big slabs of pizza. Of whatever it is. Manta pizza. Manta pizza. So there you go. This schedule is just a nightmare. And that's because Terence. Well, Terence is looking at his wounds. I'm going to tell you, man. This is just unbelievable. It's going on. I might have to go to a kind of come down here. And forget about going to Abantura. Just come in and just start screaming. Just start going up and down the hall. Screaming. What is wrong with you people anyway? You have your minds or what? Huh? You're going to be a good person. I know that. Hey, let's just take a lot of calls today. I'm not, I have this big pile here. But why? Why is he pressing? They've been great so far. They haven't good. Yes. Aren't you surprised? Aren't you shocked? Shocking a million. We have 1,000, 21 votes. I think we're doing okay. I mean, so the charity's spealed at, they don't want it. They don't want it. Okay. And they got a variety of different reasons. We took a poll on it. And quit pushing. Okay. You're pushing too hard. Like that song by the scenes. You're pushing too hard. Just back off. Ease off. Go take care of your other problems. Like the schedule for Christ's Day. The next week. It is neither right. Now let's see who's working. I guess it's just your generation. Next week, right? Yes. That's good enough. You guys can handle it. For George Josh and Maddie Bell. 560. We want to hear from all those people are waiting to line up and have a tour to get your truly autograph on those stupid CDs that you're not going to buy. And on those t-shirts. Oh. They're going to be filling up the ballpark with people who are in those t-shirts. How much did we do with the ballpark yesterday, Miguel? Settle. Now that's a lie. Yesterday was that you told me we had 20 bucks. What? See, this is what's going on. I think we just uncovered the scandal that's going on here. Okay. I think that's why I'm in the day before. The money is coming in and then all of a sudden it turns to zero. I don't have it. Yeah, but you're already told us that really sold a thing out there. Really, Paul, he sold something. Then maybe he kept it. And you really want these people to contribute to this campaign. We got 20 bucks out there at the stadium, which I'm assuming that was the first and the last of the day. Getting a lot of me that nobody knows where the money is. Is that what you're saying? You want you really want to say that right here on the year when there might be somebody listening? Is that what you want to say? This is what I'm saying. You missed your promotion. You didn't talk it. Yeah. I say that again. You didn't give me the money yet. Now, I want you to repeat what you said before that. It must go be in his pocket. Hmm. 560560, pound 560 in the Verizon Sigula Wireless Line. WQA and hello. No. Yes, sir. How about you stood out in that pile of repeller? And yesterday's full of you and he was great. He's still dead by the way. So did the QAM hello. QAM. Yeah, for him. WQAM hello. I know. Yes. Do you ever think about running for mayor wolf matters? Yeah, I don't think so. WQAM hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. 5607. Yes, sir. We're going to take all calls between now. So what do you expect? I'm good Friday and pay a stop. You expect intellectuals? Intellectuals. We call it a next week when Georgia's on. Oh, I can't wait. Yeah. And this clown wonders why I don't want to come down to have insurance and meet all these wonderful people that are calling in like this land to the traffic that we had here. Call him from across the street. 560560. Last call for calls. And I'm going to go and dip right into my ordinary stuff. Here are the New Rogers hockey show. What's those leaf flies nine hundred overtime? That's staging. And 5607. Verizon's SIGITAR RARDISLINE. See, you think that it was going to be like four hours of what we had those first handful. Were you really thinking that? What? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, hello. Look at this trick. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Who did you think of when the Stanley Cup? WQAM. Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. I am a revinter resident. Good morning. Yes. Good morning. There's a report. You will be at the mall. Understand? No. You won't. What do you mean there's a report? Well, I heard I just turned on the show and they said that somebody's going to be signing Is that going to be you? No. Who will be signing the CD? Tiny. Tiny? Yes. I hope he dresses a little better than you did. No, I know it. I absolutely know it. It was just a matter of time. He's counting the seconds. I'm counting the minutes. Counting the seconds. He's going to be all dolled up, man. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. He's going to have a moment of pink bows on his head from the leaf. Yes, sir. Tiny line. Can't do it. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Guilty line. Okay. We turned this thing on here. You know, it's amazing. You're not going to stop the issue. Come down there if they did something to you. They did nothing but inhibitor work, man. They do it. What's your balls? That is correct. I'm supposed to go down there for a charity thing which says nothing for the radio station. Nothing for the company. Nothing for me. Nothing for anybody really. And I'm supposed to waste my time and shut down there and sit and talk a bunch of Dunderheads for three or four hours. And we got all this other stuff going on. What everything they do is like throw in a monkey wrench in the works here. That's a show. He's a peckerwood. He's a good man. Okay. See there you go. That's a show. Is that on the WB everwood? Yeah. It's a good one. I think what he said is the most part of that family. I can't say which part. 567-050-60, pound-56th and leave a rising end. I think he said he used to be on the make camprios on Woody Woodpecker. What he said. Now that was Dumbleful. I sure did. All right, that down. Because I wouldn't have done that. It wasn't a bowl, it was by me. Okay. Go on. Get the money. I'm going to go for it. Get this one you boxed by the way. Why is that? How that happened? You're walking here and giving the money out of me. Well, here you go. See if I was him I'd come in there and punch you right in the mouth. It's what I would have done. Because you're implying you didn't come out and say you're implying and he just pocketed into cash You're whatever gonna see it that's what you implied and I'm gonna say Josh that's what he said Send it to this pocket get a really this pocket. Yeah. Well guess what if I was you I keep my hands out of his pocket get a really You're fairie What I said about those Cubans man all the same sooner later, you know even a guy like this with his 18 kids Just as that's an active Pope happy 137 votes on a full we are if we could get those thousand 37 people each send us 50 bucks for that charity Why do you To Or I'm not going to get my pot spoiled when it comes to safe port operations. We are all as you may. Coming soon Mexican drug lords will take over border security and Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind. 17 till noon it's good Friday. Are we supposed to be in church now or what? What are you doing good Friday? Good at church and in one. That's right. Don't eat. I got to go. Macaroni cheese. That's right. How about a big Mac? We're like bacon on it. Bacon and cheese and meat. Mmm. Can't get much more faith than that. Except maybe we went in nice port sandwiches. Coffeeville, Alabama. An English teacher with a small Alabama high school has been charged with having sex with least four students and allegedly involving one and a plot to kill her husband. Kind of sounds like that pan smart thing in England a few years ago. Remember that? Yes. She talked to those kids in the kilner of husband. I didn't do that. I had none to do with it. Right. Officials really shoot a tail of a set of husband and gym teacher who taught at the same school last year was unharmed. Well, be careful about their gym teachers. School officials were first hit off to concerns about the teacher in 2004 by an unsigned letter accusing Sharon Litton Ruttford of sleeping with students. Clark County School Superintendent Gerald Steven said. Steven said the school investigated in the form police but that little to go on. Done on April 5, one of the students told Coffeeville High School Principal Janice Richardson who I wonder if I wonder she's kind of Bobby Richardson. Then he had sex with a 30 year old teacher. But third man. Court of Stevens had the detectives. Authorities were kind of common on me of an incident but arrested Ruttford on Tuesday charged her with solicitation of murder, rape, sexual abuse, and two counts of enticing the child for a moral purposes. She was ordered held on 55,000 dollar bond. Clark County Sheriff Detective Ron Baggett said. Two of the victims were under 16 was investigating the term in if more students might have been involved. He said somebody like you counters took place on school grounds. I wouldn't have charged her if I didn't have enough evidence to show its true bag. It told the Mobile Register of her Friday edition today. Coffeeville High School about 75 miles north of Mobile and South Washington, Alabama, has about 110 students. This is on the MSNBC website for they made it grammatically incorrect. In order to fit in because it's in Alabama. Right. This is about 110 students. Ruttford was put on administrative leave after she was charged her husband James Ruttford or teachers in another town didn't return no phone calls. He's mom. Coffeeville Mayor Faye Cotton described her in Ruttford as a shy woman and told the register of the scene of the business committee were surprised by her arrest. The real nervous about those shy people like Shire Levy. We've all been talking about it and we can't figure out is she really did this. Why was she risk everything just everything? Or at least she was horny. I don't know. Maybe she liked them young. Who knows what this story was. That seems to be the new thing now. I mean, it's not really anything brand new, but like an epidemiologist. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. No comment. That's it's always the line and my response is always what it is. Why haven't we wasted the breath on it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. All these teachers did learn their students. Man, well they teach it in something anyway. Kind of a ordinary room in class. 152 votes for this is scandalous. We're doing so great on that poll today and that's because they're worked up about the man. They're hell a lot more worried about that than they'd check the allegedly got raped into the Duke. That's the media thinks that everybody ought to be. Oh, and here's this story. He says six people got murdered. This punk. Let's see, who do you kill? Was it the mother and a father and four cousins or something like that? Kiss and cousins? In pencil that Leola Pennsylvania. And this guy they got on CNN right now. He came on yesterday and he missed pronounce the name of the town. Leola, he called it. Oh, she is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's see if we can't keep these great calls coming to London. Let's see if we can get them all pissed off. That's why the girl came up with this fundraising thing because he hates me reading this. He figured it would be a lot more entertaining if I just talked about where the van is for four hours. It's all about me. That's what you're saying. Yes. That's what I'm saying. You're the promotions guy. Don't be trying to put it off on rolly and all these other people and Dorien. She's not even there anymore. That bitch. If you're not there, let me blame in her ass. Next you'll be blaming Scourand for it. Although she did have her finger deep into that OJ thing man. She was involved up to her earlobe as a man. Then they told Tracy Kyrr Cato are promotions guy at the time. You're going to have to take the fall for this Tracy and he ran out of there. I'm getting out of this place. These people are crazy. Nice going Tracy. You did the remade the right choice. WCOM. Uncle Nio. Yes. Show your ass over to you. I'll be all I love you long time. I actually have a fan. An uncle Nio fan that you autographed for me. For the other station. But actually promoted you. Yeah. So I just happened to see a car pass me as a bumper sticker. And it says it's a pinch. Yes. Exploration point. One fan. One woman. Oh yeah. There is one man in my woman, right? So bitch, I'll get out of here. 567. You're fair. 560 pound 560. And he Verizon. So get a wireless line. WCOM. Hello. Uncle Nio. Yes sir. How are you? First of all. I'm me. I'm doing just fine. And I'm just quite a few. I'm a spider joke here. I got a couple of things. Not much. First I want to say happy 30. I know I'm extremely late. Out there. I'm sure to man. Yeah. I tried to call you that week. But I was kind of hectic and the phones were like really hot and heavy. Oh yeah. If those were hot man, we're like we couldn't even touch him. Concertably burns. And today's my son's birthday, Julie and he's 12 and he's a huge meal fan. I know he's listening so I want to have you birthday to him. Thank you very much. I know it's. I want to make a request. I know you don't like to play it, but it's kind of long, but it's his absolute favor. If you could play a young meal, that would be great. I think that's a good point today, Julie and see you. Thanks, Uncle. I see the it's on there, right? Not playing young meal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6. I could play it four times and then we could go home. Or if we just play it in Lizzie a couple of times. I'm starting to really like that because when I hear it, it means that we're getting out. Means that we got the marlins coming up. Although the marlin game is tonight now, and don't forget Sunday, they got that big giveaway. The first 10,000 people on show up get a lobotomy. What are they giving away Sunday? We know. No, we don't. Oh, well, see how out of touch you are since you, I don't have to do it anymore. Since you jumped off that payroll man, you don't know squad about what's going on over there. We said the team sucks to be able to go. That was what they're giving away. I mean, I'm keeping it. Well, what are they giving away? I don't know. I'll be there. Let's find out where the marlin station. We're not too happy about it. We're losing our ass on it. That's what I'm hearing through the rape line. Losing our ass on those ball games. If there's any other station would like to have them, please. Please take him in. Start with a marlin national game tonight. Please. Please take those games. Then we can have the panther or our game. They only got a couple left. The crap at will game tomorrow night, which I see is on 1360. And the last game on Tuesday against the Atlanta trashers. That could be a very important game. Not for the panthers, but for certain other teams. Like Toronto and Tampa. On Tuesday, that's also been farmed out on 1360. And now I love those promos that say, yes, I serve a subterrachim, a five 60 QM. How could it be a service of five 60 QM when we're farmed to game out to a KAT. A station with a signal from a hell. We just want to get our name in there. Was that what it is? Yes. There are a couple of times. We have a false Q, so I start to think it too soon. Like our last one with poor ADK. Any K, who never stole a freight train, he never even looked at anybody cross-eyed. Unlike Christy Krueber, they're on channel 10. Any K, never looked at anybody cross-eyed. And they get him to do a false Q on it, the promo. And one of those promos anyway. Oh, listen to baseball on the radio. What is that? Is that an attempt to pacify the organization? That's what it's all about, man. Baitsaw. Yeah. Oh yeah. As a kid, I listen to baseball on the radio. Listen to great broadcast. Why? I said, we'll get yourself some Dave Van Horton Rocksy. Like I said, as a kid, it was really great listen to baseball on the radio. How many Q a, M, hello? A, Neil. Yes, sir. Quick question for you. When I go and play the slots at Hard Rock, right? And you got those vouchers and stuff like that. I've never been there and I will never go there, so I don't know what boundaries they, I don't know anything about what they do. They're other than that bingo crap, and I don't understand how that works. Well, I'm trying to figure out if you get what exactly you win. Because I know Vegas style, you get the money out, and you get whatever it is. But they have like these cards and these tickets and stuff. I don't know if they take a percentage out of it, and I was just wondering if you knew. But I don't know what you're trying to, but wait until they take a percentage out of what? Out of whatever you win, like say you playing dollar slots and you win 250, do you get the exact 250 back? Because they're using these cards and the, to receive it to all that other good stuff that you're giving them. I would grill them about it. Next time you go there, I'd pull them up against the wall and say, hey, what's the story here, huh? I'm pretty sure they do because one of my friend won the 10 grand. They took tax out of that. They wrote them a checkman. They wrote them a checkman. And he didn't even have to fill out a form. I don't know. And the other say, I will bet you make those life on it right now. They may have written them the check to cash, but the fact that it matter is he's got to pay taxes. If you win more than I figure with the number is it. Okay, three thousand. Well, no, that's not correct. But if you win more than a certain amount of the US, you've got to pay tax on it. You've got to fill out the W2 form. It is there in the casino. You've got to give it a check. Well, regardless, you've got to show them your ID, your shoe size, your goods, whatever you've got. And then maybe they'll write it out to you. Okay. And your friend did win the 10 grand. What do you give you out of it? Nothing. Well, why is that? What kind of a friend is that? What kind of a friend goes in this case? He's a drink. He paid for drinks then. Oh, man. What a big spender, man. Well, I sure wish I had friends like that. Payed for the drinks. Last time I checked the drinks in a casino or free anyway. No, actually, they're not the only in Vegas, man. I'm not down here. Well, depends on what drinks you're talking about. The soda's over. That's why when I go to woodbind, I come back and I can't sleep all night, because I keep for you going to all those diets. So does, oh, God. Can't sleep. I'm just like a walking caffeine bomb all day. Now, can you come and drink for free and woodbind, if you're gambling? Not booze. You've got to pay for booze. See, that's the beautiful part of Vegas, man. Yeah, and it only causes how much is it cost you to go out there. Well, of course, if you're smart, you're going to gamble some serious money. They'll pick up your airfare. They'll pick up your hotel. That was just never very smart back in those days. Well, not even that. I mean, I can go in the sportsbook. I can make one bet. Watch a whole game and just food for free the whole time. Well, just because you're an alcoholic in denial, I mean, you know, the rest of us can't be responsible for that. You know, thank you, go out there just to suck up the free drinks. We got guys. We got one guy called Mr. Pensioner would buy and who's there. Every afternoon, all afternoon, schmoosing with everybody. He lost his pension, his wife, his wife goes to work every day. So he's got nothing to do. She gives him 20 bucks to go there and have lunch. That's, and so he hangs around all day talking as loud as he can. And when he mooches the free drinks, he don't even leave a tip. I can't even imagine doing that. talking about being cheap. I mean, you can do it. You're not obligated. There's no lot of it. soda off the tray that you've got to leave me something but if I wouldn't leave my book every time I would feel like a unclean man unclean like pake pig god all the you probably don't care you know be in a high world that you are let's face it you just a drunk that's on and it's okay there's nothing wrong with being a drunk I like to have a good time in the week like to go out and get drunk that's what it's all about there are punk who likes to get drunk drunk is a skunk as opposed to being there and being in a deep funk five six seven oh five five sixy and five five sixy and five sixy I tell you one thing you know in a very perverse way I have a feeling I'm gonna the next week that I'm on vacation I think I'm gonna plot all week I'm gonna come up with new ways to make the beeslies and joys and the kerbob to make their lives so unlivable and miserable that because payback is really a bitch is a new rush right up to his ideas by the way this is Mark Morgan it's the 12-1 hour on Q 8-M yeah although people Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Well, what if I succeed to you? Happy a good Friday. Happy, Paceoff. Happy Ramadan. Happy whatever. Don't forget to kill us somebody of another religion for your God, who whichever God it is, including God. Right. Because this place is your God, me. I'll tell you that. So anyway, Joe Belsen has been emailless more. Instead of people tuning in now at noon, like on lunch break day in the air about this. Well, fill them in. Now, I'm not going to fill them in. I want to read it again. I want to spend any more time on it. See, D-thing. That's silly. I've heard of me. Wasn't my D-head. When I part of it, and of course, the party who is responsible for it, she's like really laying low these days. Well, too bad. Okay. You're fairy. Very well. What we're going to do is something for Neil's 30. How about like a nice, how about a thousand dollar a year for each year? The 30 years would have been nice, 30,000 bonus in my check of the lecture when I have a nice, which is just a appreciation from the measly beeslies, from the chief bachelor's of it. If by the way, you know, parents, I hope you're listening why you're out today. Probably not. Because this schedule at your boyfriend, Robert Creeper, may have seen that the business of our Creeper and Kelly. I'll be serious, and I was oblivious to that, because it's kind of small potatoes. But that must be true, because the Robert made up his schedule and Kelly's on all the sticky day next week. Two days. He's on Thursday. He's on Friday. We got Bow on Monday, which is a terminal up. And he's got, you know, an enforcement fact we got that Marlon game on Wednesday. Be sure to tell George he's off at noon on Wednesday. Little make his week. Because the game is 12.35. So the pretty much went there is noon, Josh. Oh, that's what you'll be leaving that early or I have to only two hours. I'll cry about it later. Yeah. 560, 560, palm 560, the Verizon ticket of wireless line. We're taking a pull out where we should have that appearance when I come back to town in May. So we can maximize the profits or abandon per rescue. And then maybe I'll thank her. So say, oh, gee, we really appreciate you coming down and tapping us out. See, one thing I've told you in life if you're going to do something waiting for a sign, especially in South Florida. Waiting for somebody's saying, oh, thanks for the great job. We really appreciate it. Man, you're in a dream world. You're a fool. You're an idiot. Just hold your breath. WCWM. Hello. Yes. I'm what I'm talking to you. Speaking. Hello, me. How are you? I'm okay. Very question. I've been working on it for 30 years. 40 year old white females, I think you're showing everything. You're the one, all right. I am the one. I can't vote because I'm on the road. So you know, taking a nine to vote for you on that. But listening to the high rock thing, it is a very big conspiracy over there. I got a second I first. For like 11 cents, I mean, it's idiot. They're taking money. They're taking money from all of the confuses. Don't go there. Also, it's nice fun. It's fun to go there. Like comedy clubs and there's all kinds of things to do. Right. But gambling forget about it. Oh, for a minute. I'm sorry. But if that's a partying there. Here comes the money and there goes your money, right? Yeah, big, exactly. And you know what? For parking, there's another thing. You get there early enough and they shut down the front part. You know what? You know what? I could do an appearance as a hard rock. Wouldn't that be great? I bet you were as millions there. What to confer against them? No, no, just, I'm talking about the cellyscene either. We can confer against them. What does that mean? I don't understand what that is. Oh, I don't know. You got somebody against the engines? No, nothing. I think, you know, they're getting into my job. I'm just a bit of a mhm. But let me say it. It's a partying is a big example. They make everybody shut and parse in the horrible, the gravel loss. When you're multiple parking spots in the front. It really works. It's like, five days we went on a Friday, early, night, night, night, night. I think the answer is, I think the answer is, don't go there no more. I think you're right. Yeah. I think I must agree with you on that. I don't agree with you on that. I don't agree with you. I'm sticking with woodbind. It's too far for me to go to the Seminole casino, which everyone you talking. It's too far. Well, woodbind, you're talking up in New York? Yeah, and it's a rod on the ear of mine. Yep. I think I've been there for a couple of months. I haven't been to big, uh, these are tight types. It's right. It's right between a coward and, uh, and Mrs. Saga. Okay. We've been up there. We've been to, uh, Saratoga. Oh, boy. Yeah, baby. Very nice. Well, I hope I'm seeing on your, uh, on your calling schedule over there. Well, this is a very, very weekend. Thank you, too. And go tell a cow for a request. I'm a half, too. See you. What are you, baby? Good night. Yeah. What was she talking about? Five, six, seven. See I told you that we're going to be good. Man, you're such a, what have we been to get? He leave? He's right here. Oh, he's still there. After we embarrassed you about, uh, all this, uh, what I do with that email again. Just have one line in there. And talking to people here, the consensus is, I'm going to put you in charge of finding out who those people are. Okay. Who are wasting his time by buzzing about all this crap. And talking to people here, if you would just come down here, you're the one that's creating a problem. See, this is what it goes back to. Like I said, the other day when we did that pull about why you won't buy the CD and the T-shirt. And I knew that. And you see how that went zooming up to the other day? Hold on to people. Why if you would just come down here and sign them, we'd buy a no-you wouldn't pull a crap. If I go into a music store and I buy a CD, I'm not going to stand there waiting for John Lennon to come and sign the Beatles CD. You know? Follow what I'm saying? Well, that's you. Do you, are you? If you go into, well, that's us as well, but people would. People would what? Waiting a big long line. Yeah, and the people who would are the same ones who always did and always will. I don't want, okay. I don't want to see them. I don't want to smell them. I don't want to know from them. No, what do the FedEx thing? Well, so now. Yeah. Well, I see if you would have, if you would have discussed that, it would be. I would have given you that idea. And you think that's going to help you think that's going to cause people to back up. I'm going to sign the O'Rages and the back of that thing that they're taking the stick in their, in their jewel case. The jewel case. We'll find out. Well, fine. Price is right. I mean, I think probably the station can afford the FedEx charge to slip those back and forth. I got my own Sharpie here. I can like, you know, maybe a Sharpie to do it. I don't want to worry about it. No, I don't want no Sharpie. I got my own Sharpie. He's okay. Don't make the name FedEx package any heavier than he has to. Okay, because the B's is my good benefit. I got my own office supplies here, okay. I got my stapler. You want to hear my stapler? Here you go. Here it is. Oh, it's easy. I just dropped in my soda. Do we have one? No. No. Probably you haven't got one. Probably somebody stole it. I guarantee I got a better radio station and operating right here in this room in my apartment. And you got there and at the toilet. Trust me. And I got two toilets, not just one. And there's no fat sloths sitting there or taking up the space every time I need to use it. Like that one day for Georgia. I thought he was going to do a number. Right on the floor. Yeah, I'm serious. I'm not going to use the little toilet. Oh, my God. That was unbelievable. Man, oh man, they were like, oh, I'll either do an a green apple crystal. I think that was the day the trends came in. I mean, you know, something I don't blame them. They must have had a premonition. 1100 and similar. Oh, look at that. US and European markets closed for good Friday day. And anybody who doesn't believe that it's a glacier belt. Okay, they're not closed for a pace off. But for good Friday, the markets are closed today. Boy, oh, that. I totally have like my dear late friend Alan Finkelson told me the biggest problem in the world. Too many glam. W2AM hello. Is it the black pro? Was it even true? W2AM hello. QAM. Yeah. Hey, don't. Good. I've stormed little vacation in the Great Southern Party United States and Tennessee. And I came across the store the God store. So I walked in there. With my wife, of course, with the first thing I see is not God, not Jesus, but the six foot life side cut out of the old president they stand in there. What even that means? Well, I was not in God and GW to manage them different. That's what the East stands for as GW. Yeah, I almost dropped on onto my knees and prayed the Lord. You're giving me that opportunity. It was a pretty great stuff like a nightmare almost. Well, I prayed for you. I said, I know, go back to Tennessee if you're smart. 567, 0560, pound five 60 in the rise in singular wireless long. We need 40,000 calls between now and two o'clock in each one of you. It's got to cough up 10 bucks for a band of pay rescue to get them off our hands. That's right. So I thought I thought I needed just pretty much to dispense with. All I did was a couple of times ask what the total was just, you know, just for my own curiosity. We could pass it along. I mean, you know, when I got to lie about it. So it's embarrassing. We're not doing much in for whatever reason. Maybe we got nobody left out there. Maybe nobody cares. Maybe we don't waste got any money. I still think that most people are busy putting from Wilma, even when I was back in October. And this is the middle of April. I still think that in the software based on my own personal experience and seeing the message still around. I think people are occupied with that. Moe Occupado. And I wrong. A lot of blue roofs out there. Yeah, a lot of blue roofs out there. In fact, we're going to change the tarp springs. A lot of blue and in front of the house. A lot of blue and just like 2 a.m. A lot of blue sky. That's the new thing with blue sky and everybody. Oh man, we're here. You guys are great. I love you guys and man. You know, I have a job. I'm taking care of George. I'm going to take care of a Josh. We're going to give you. And you know something that practically took an act of God. They'll go. I'll find a get him off his ass. And he's worried about the CDs and the juke due cases. In fact, if I was him, I'd be in church right now. I'm going to Friday praying for forgiveness. See, I don't know how long this regime thinks that they're going to be able to continue playing in the previous regime, which believe me, there's plenty of blame to go there. Greg, we'd neck group a go ahead. But I'm got news for it. It's already the middle of April. The days and the weeks and the months are passing by. And I'm looking at the schedule next week. And I see the elderly all over the place. Like some kind of a disease. You know, they got all those people with months and I, I think we got months. Because we're sure taking our lumps all over the place. I see the elderly at this. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Good. You know, I bought a dose once from George over here at the Holy David's in store. And I really enjoy it. But I heard you talking earlier about making an appearance. And I got to be honest. It will be great to see you. But I can only imagine the kinds of people that that crowd that line to see you or the kinds of people that you have to put up with. And stories. I mean, I, I sympathize with you. You know, I was just doing a talk show. I've got to be easy to do. But I've learned over the years. It's, it's not. And I can only imagine that those appearances must be like. And I don't want to put yourself through it. I really want to be there. And watching the people 90% of the people. It's the same group of misfits. I mean, you know, there's a nice people are combined. And I want to sound ungrateful on a appreciative. But generally speaking, it's the same bunch of losers. Well, I'm, I pictured in getting the tips. Get them going back and hanging out. I've been watching you and staring at you. And coming back up. That's right. Listen, listen. I'm going to show you the story. Still midnight. And then the, my favorite story of all was these two old ladies. These two sisters from Detroit. And of course, I have it with Lyndon before I once had part of time. And so there come by and it was at the borders. One of the borders. And it came by in Georgia and I, both of us spent a lot of time talking to them. And but it made better. But, but I mean, in the northern and about time, because there were quite a few people. And we signed their CDs. We talked to them in schools. Couple of old lady sisters in their 60 70 70s. That's it. And then the couple of weeks later, I get something in a mail. From one of them and I would be, Oh, gee, we came by and just to see you guys and we drove along and they You'd barely give us a, you gave us such short shift and in paying the attention. I thought to myself, you miserable bitches man. We spent more time within the eight other ten people put together. And it still weren't happy about it. It's a typical women. No matter what you do, you got it. You got it. You got it. I've to reach the nail back to your pal. Go get some Easter egg. Stank out on. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Thank the Lord. Now that mom is pushing up Daisy's no more nagging from crazy women. That's why most men are dead. Say that right now, women put them in their grave. Trust me when I tell you. I don't have to tell you most of you guys know what I'm talking about. And then of course there was that young couple at the ballpark at the P.P. Park at time. Years ago, Fat Rich and I were there before dolphin game. Right. And then I got a call a couple of days later. I brought my wife by to see you with the dolphin. I'm a little bit scared. So I'm going to show you how to do this story. We have to remind me. The young couple comes by. I would say I'm seeing like decent enough people out of my maybe in the mid 20s. Maybe a lot of people. Oh, hi. We love your show. But we're just sitting there shoveling a big submarine sandwich in the face. And I'm sitting there I guess I've already eaten. Well, my wife by to see you with the dolphin game and you just sat there like a lump. And I said, what did you want me to do? Get up and do a tap to answer me. What was his approach to entertain you put on a talk show for you? Just sat there like a lump. Like I was supposed to entertain these people. No thanks. I'll tell you what Joe, you voted to have a trim all that's there. That's an excellent idea. You voted around a Saturday in May and you signed the CDs and the T-shirts. How's that? I mean, he's got to get for us because I know all these lungheads already. He needs to meet and greet another guy, idea. I think that's a stellar idea. Meet the GM. I'm good as soon as you go out there and start meeting our fine fine listeners out there. The guy would be eyes, the guy would a fannie pack and a group. This one can stand over in the corner and cry. If you don't pay enough attention to him, that one. Sit there. Yeah, I'm doing this on the line for you. Well, he's throwing the FCC on me several times. Who's that? You'll be for what? Ignore him. Yeah, they really take sternation on that. Ocean since. Turn it. 12.15 and 5.60 WQA and what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long? How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner? The five star edition of the carrier and finnaby system. And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of track County area families for three, and a minimum of a total of three generations. As a carrier factor, a factor we authorize, I said, did that twice the one day not good. See, I'm under stress now because of that stupid email. As a carrier factor, we authorize data Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by a carrier, that people who invented their conditioning and have come up with a new carrier and finnaby system. The new system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted itself for maximum efficiency. And speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency on your corridor, conditioner, all you got to do is join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. Here's how it works. Try see here, they'll come to your house on spectrum tune up your system. You'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have any problems and you'll also give 10% off on a needed repairs. All of these things. All of these things. All of these things. All of this for just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed and finnaby system with pure on or peace of mind, you're on with a Comfort Club either way, make the Royce choice and stay cool and comfortable all year round. Royce Air and Heat Comfort Free and some that old Neil pointed to call 1-800-3770-075. 1-800-3770-075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8. Do you brush pattern? I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. Four Eagle. You'refish. You'refish. Why do you feel you're at the point either way? Keep my got my head up like this? When I get out with you I don't have anything right on my head through the house anymore. Can it be of either way? I lack any artwork, right? I can only get out with you but you can't just boil it up there. Let's folder right next to that. And it's already half GLAM! Just see how it is! But I can just wash my khaian's cup or my laughs. I don't matter who this is because I know all sound alike. Roll a tape, do it like this. I'm just expecting to win this interview with me. Oh, make 100% out for Superform Well. Say yes, how come all you sports guys are like that? So fast you a sin dad. Stupid. Well, we have to go to college, but never really attend classes just like not too smart. Is the situation we have? You're doing crazy about male athletes and white shipping their jackstrap is a little late. Day. Day. Just a little on the theory aside. Maybe stretch it out at the scene of your tight. But, hmm, that would it be? We like women. We're programmed to do so. If you're a decent stationer, outside a one show, do you ever hear anyone talk about girls? It is a little weird. Day. Day. Day. Day 2, 3 very lonely men with very small things who need to hear this. You say this, boy, you say this. Day. Day. It's the 1222 and of course you're going to be hearing that at 2 this afternoon. We got the girl, he showed. Oh my god, he's just all over the place. Like some kind of a disease in your radio. You know, sometimes they call it a head or a line on the radio. So, we'll have pitch telling you, sometimes when you try to tune in a station, it's got a really crappy signal. Okay, ABC and LA has got that. Because of the mountains and whatever, there always is a head or down and you can't tune it out. Well, it's the same thing with us. We don't have the head or down line, but we got the middle of an otherwise horrible signal. 1133 votes. What's your take on our ran? In peach bush before another invasion takes place, 103 over 53 percent say that. In peach his ass now. And then the rest of them later. We can't even handle the rack, 1096. And now we're talking our ran. Blow them off the map, 149, 13 percent very angry people. Just blow them all up, including the women in the little kids in the, just innocent pain in the ass bystanders. No more killing, no more lies, 107. They are in a threat to us 36. Their snappy dresses 20 to 35 even more so than tiny. And I hate this pool only seven. Did you find that little bit bizarre? I hate this pool. It's usually like right up in the running there, but in the mid pack, isn't it? Even the haters are busy and church today trying to get forgiven for their sins. Like Robert Greeper. I mean, he's in shool for pace off. Probably made civil visits. Yeah. 567. 056. My blackberry just went off. Let's see if this is something important. No, let's say email from Tompane.com. Well, that's very important. Hey, it's better than another email from Omaha State's trying to tell me something. Well, I'm just tired of their crap. When you do business with somebody, and they start nagging you, now it's just like the thing with the women again. You don't want to be bothered. Just leave me alone. I'll let you know when I want something. Okay? They start calling and they start emailing. Just leave me alone. Sending your flyers in the mail. 567. 560. Tomp five, 60. Leave Verizon. Siguilar wireless line. Jody, a two-man dog, has been against way for the 6th year. I have no idea where that is. Fending it up. Way. It's on South Beach. Yes. Green Lizards, Oliver's pants. Roberto L'Auggo, says three to seven and Marlins on deck at seven o'clock. Now, is that interesting? Roberto L'Auggo and Doris, Italian, by the way. And Doris marketing where? Boca. On camera pine. I'll find there. What you're going to be there? I'll be there with Roboito. With Roberto, and is he going to be peddle on the Neol CDs? He won't, but Joshua. If anybody stops by, I'll have him on me. I was going to say I find it very, very interesting that tomorrow, this could be one of the rare times that this ever happens in history. We got to Marlins in the Washington National Baseball Game on QAM. Tomorrow's the 6.05 p.m. game, by the way, for the thrones that are going to be going. And on KAT on our stepchild station, we got to Washington Crapitals and the Panthers. Washington Nationals and the Washington Crapitals. How about that? Don't you find that a little bit unusual? What we played Toronto, Miami Heat and the Florida Panthers. Did they trade the heat on the same day that they at least spent the game was? Yeah. Why don't you like that? And who won, Mother Rage? I guess he won that game though. Yes. Unlike the Panthers who lost that game at overtime, 6 to 5 will if I remember right. Yes, they did. That's your new indictment. He's really on fire now. At least, he was sure really pio that they gave a him up. Yeah. He's been here for 28 years. That's a good one. You're not going to come in Gary Roberts. Bad move there. John Ferguson Jr. Your ass is fired. Your ass is grass. Plus you got to try to even jell these and those. John Ferguson Jr. Just like daddy used to play for the Montreal Canadians. Welcome to hockey talk. That'll teach him a lesson or two, hockey talk. How many QAN? How old are you? I'm not calling them. You're calling them crazy. Well, how do you like that? These are salad too. You've saved my life and I want to thank you. Well first I lost 13 pounds on balance for life. Good. And six weeks or so. And then after I went off that I decided to rebuild pasta and I've lost another five pounds. Good. Great. Excellent. I'm very happy with your singing phrases because I love pasta. Yeah, I'm not saying it makes pizza though because that's my favorite thing in the world. I can't have it all but they got like all different shapes and sizes though. Yeah, I got everything with the elbows because I have tried the macaroni and cheese yet. I love macaroni and cheese too but oh. Yeah, next week I think we'll do that. I'm going to go get me some some of that cheese and a jar that George was talking about that cheese sauce. So high in sodium though. Yeah. You'd be better off just using a little natural, you know, shredded cheddar or something. Like I said, I'm going to get some good cheddar in the supermarket and that's right. I'm just cracking a jar. Hahaha. That's good. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Thanks. Keep it up. Happy to go. What are you talking about? Cheese with? No, it's not cheese with. It's like I can't even tell you because I've seen it. I'm going to show I've never bought it because I think it's very high like she's had in sodium and in cholesterol really just loaded. It's like, you know, like you, like you could toss a sauce in a jar. But they have cheese sauce like to make macaroni and cheese with stuff like that. And like I told George, why doesn't that to be elbow macaroni? Well, why can't you just have cheese sauce with spaghetti? Where is it written? Is it written in a good book that you have to have like elbow macaroni if you Cheese sauce? And if it's like tomato sauce used pasta? Yeah, the red on the floor. Is it in Genesis? Yeah. Or is that where it says that he made the greater light to rule the day in the lesser light to rule the night? And he made the stars also. That's what they say in Dallas. He made the stars also. It's right around that. What a bunch of. Yeah, seriously. I, yeah, but I was, I want to thank a dead man. I don't remember what this first name was because last name was Batinsky. He was a retired rabbi. He was my tutor from my bar mitzvah when I was 13 years old. He lived on Tinnacle Hill Road in Rochester. And they used his sluff me over there and dropped me off. And I was spending an hour or two and he tutored me from my bar mitzvah. Which I was saying, yeah, we decided that if I rule hot tub and whatever. Very well. Very nice. They've had to me on a hand and they said to me, you're fair. But anyway. And he would tell me because he was a biblical scholar. I mean, he knew this crap and he knew everything from Abraham and Solomon and Moses to Abraham and Solomon and Moxie Solomon. And he told me one day he said, it's all bubble mice. He said, it's all bulge mid. I said, oh, he said, oh, yeah, it's just all. And he explained to me what all this crap was. And this is a guy who was 87 years old. 87. Yeah. And I was 13 years old. So between the two of us, we could live in sunrise. We were 100. And I thought to myself for about 10 seconds. Yeah, I guess so you're right. 29 past noon at 5. 60, but happy whatever you're celebrating today. Pace off, good Friday, show booers, Ramadan, Ramadan, whatever, Schmerradon. Being outdoors a lot in South Florida, really need comfortable shoes. So the only place we invited to go to is Brandy Shoes and Pablo Beach. If you got a brand. Brandy's carries major brands like Forshime, Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, Hershpubby's new balance, tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women and the evening can even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. And by the way, Joe Bell, let me just say this to you. You and I already discussed that before about my coming down there into the first time with see if you asked me a question once and I say no, don't ask again. That's my suggestion. When I told you no, I haven't changed my mind. I'll let you know. I'll send a messenger. I'll put a message in a bottle. I'll send it down Lake Ontario. Brandy Shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida. When you see this selection, find your get a brandy's in the great service too. You'll understand why I've been raven about them as the best shoe store in the world for years. Go see our good buddy Arnie. He'll guarantee you get the right fitting shoes and at the right price every time. And I like the department store where you have to wait and wait and somebody finally waits on you. And you say, I think these are the shoes I like over here all forget about. We don't have those in your style. You're crazy. The only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes. So you don't have to worry about getting the right size selection service. Whatever style you pick up, they got it and they'll slap it on your feet. Brandy shoes are 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side. You can't miss it. Open every day of the week too. Monday through Saturday to line. And every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy. SA issues at Brandy's save plenty of 40 bucks a pair. And all great men's and women's SA styles. So be sure to get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's Shoes. That's all. This is real Roger. I'm sorry. This is 5.62. Thanks, Lord Gazzams. I think for a point. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. A man in a bar sees his friend at a table drinking by himself. Approaching, he says you look terrible. Fred, what's the problem? Fred says my mother died in August. And left me $25,000. Is. Friendly, we play G. That's tough. That is September, Fred said. My father died in left me $90,000. Is. Friend said, while two parents gone in two months, no wonder you're depressed. And Fred continued in last month. My aunt died in left me $50,000. The friends had three close family members lost in three months, how sad. Then this month, Fred continued nothing. No one died. Paul Harvey. Good day. From 35 to 1, we got a Calday Kelley by two to four. He's going to be squicked about those panthers. And the fact that he's squicked on over time when an auto will last night after blowing lead with two seconds left. They were like up to the world. Tricks again. Little lead with two seconds left. What kind of nonsense is that? They pulled it out. Speaking of nonsense. Yes. We got something we need to resolve. I guess we could just do it right here on the air. Oh, let's do it. Okay. On in slow time. I got a paper that was written by George for your vacation time. And they're a little confused when I say there. I'm talking about Robert and the Beast. Because they're making schedules and such. I have that you obviously you're off next week. Are you telling me I'm not off next week? Well, they weren't aware that you were. They have may first to may fifth. All know. Is that correct? That is not correct. Okay. An explications in June. The 19th to the 26th. Of what? Of June. June. And then seven. Okay. And then July 31st. Well, do we have to really go through this whole. No, no, we didn't. We did a whole schedule on the air. I guess why you're at it. Why don't we give out my home phone number. My address. My shoe size. We're going to be having lunch today. I just wanted to straighten this out because. Because why we're a little confused. They were. He doesn't have that. I'm on vacation next week on the schedule that we've tried to tell me. No, because George typed up. One wrong date. Basically. Also, in other words, Robert's trying to send you a George's mistake. Well, he has the sheet right here. He gave me from George. Who's that? Robert? That's right. I want to authorize you right now to smash him in the head. Okay. Robert. Really? Not just one. How come this thing won't move now? Not just once. Oh, this thing isn't working now. Now all of a sudden. Yeah. Time. What else going on here? Oh, there it goes. See, he's probably put a spell on my computer. Two now, Robert. He had a sense. It was a gully being on every day. See, I want to turn the way. I'm thinking of gully. Yeah. Curtis in for gully say. Oh, thank God. Look at that. That's something to see. That makes them for what you just told me. Not that it makes any difference. Although it would be kind of bad if George came in next week and was sitting there or striking me to be here. I'm not going to be on. Curtis it too. I mean, you know, not that Curtis is mel Allen, but Curtis is a good job. We all like him. The audience likes me. Did very well. That pull me took the other day. And so no gully today. This is breathing a sark hanging hurt. Thanks to God. They must be an honor of the holidays today. Poor G. You know, Jesus died so that gully wouldn't be on the day. Not true. That's why he went through that whole course of fiction things. That's plus so mel gives him can make all that money. That's why Jesus died on a cross. Well, I'm sorry, by the way. You know, if you're going to make up a fairy tale, make up something a little more palatable than that. I can't imagine why the world is so barbaric and all this violence. No. So let me say it again. I will not be there next week. I have how many times have I been saying that? All week long. George is on next week. Haven't I been telling you that? Well, this I know. I just, you know, that's why I want to scan. In addition to which, let me ask you this question. Okay. Why is it Robert Creeper's business? I mean, you know, what does that have to do with him? He be making the schedule these days. Well, first of all, he hasn't got any business making the schedule. He hasn't got any title. They're other than the fact that he's bunked but buddies with our program director, Clarence. And speaking of Clarence, let me just say you're right now. I've said this before only today between the email from Clarence Bell and his Clarence business with Yeldeon every day. You know, Clarence is another one. He's taken a break where his leader left off. Whatever you say, he'll agree with it. I spent an hour on the phone with him the other night. And no matter what I said, I was right. But it would be right. And, oh, what am I going to do? And then he turns around and keeps doing the same. Everyone unacceptable things over and over again. Just like with Joe Bell. Same thing. They're like, we with everything you say. And then they'll like stab you just like, broodous and Julius Caesar. And I guess what? I know Julius Caesar. Although I do like an I Caesar salad occasionally. So a screw it. And as far as we can, we're on next week, Rhino. You're supposed to treat him with professionalism and respect. Well, I'm supposed to treat him with contempt and this may is that we just said, I'm already doing that. No, I like to be. I don't have any problem. I mean, he can be annoying. He can be a little overbearing over the top. But he's going to be hanged with us. What behind what? The whole scheduling fiasco. The beast made the schedule. I thought you just said Robert, would you make up your mind? Are you going to blame now? You're blaming Greeper. I don't know. Joe Josh just told me it was Greeper. Greeper brought it into me. And they're both. It's a it's a it's a tag team. Oh, it's a tag team. Is that why? Is that why the beast comes in every morning. And RIP's creeper and asked behind his back because he's a phony, but only which you already know that. It runs around and really stabbing everybody in the back. See, when I stab his right here face. Well, I stab. I don't like go around playing games behind people's back. I'd take your right here face and on the year. Okay. That Robert creepers in in basil. And by the way, it's pace off. Maybe he's still going around causing trouble. He's still stirring it up. I hope that somebody out of somebody foot bacon in his manta. I'm somebody's little slice of bacon in his manta. Give us a face sandwich. Well, those manta crackers are really yummy. No, they're not. They taste just like they look like cardboard. They're two jufudes. One of them is halava. Even even the chocolate flavor halava. It still tastes like cardboard. It's got that texture that consistency. And Masa. Is like stale crackers. Still what are they what kind of crackers? I haven't had those on years. Oh, saltines. Yeah, exactly. Very good. So I'm going to go saltine crackers. Stale crackers are in our amazza. So what I would do if I were to use, I would replace the amazza out there with some saltine crackers. Go over to Walgreens. Get some saltines and put them out there. And then all those are like Harry's starter that we think they're going to go to hell. Ha ha ha ha. Gotcha, Gary. Pay back his abit's isn't it sweetheart. But you can take some of that San'tex 75. It'll make you go right away. Well, I could tell you, Gary's sarner story is man. Make the hair grow and your elbows just unbelievable. 1241 at 560 W I think what we ought to do is just have war on the air. I'm going to more and more bedtime story and maybe not even a phone calls him. Let's just go to war, you know, people love war. Remember in the godfather when they went to the mattresses? Remember that? No, no, no, no. Right. Remember they were driving around in where we now was looking for a good, place when a war was going to start when they had to go to the mattress. Remember that? Clemenzy gets to tell us, oh, I got to take a leak. Remember that? Yes. And it was poly was in the car. You know, because Clemenzy got out. I'm calling. I'll put that can only. Yeah. That's through and see so about the old man, Pauli. And Clemenzy says, Oh, Pauli, don't see him. All right. 1242 at qm your godfather intensive station would lighten quixfeeds, the latest features and security. Comcast high speed internet leaves the SL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 995 a month for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than the SL15 up to 100 times faster than dial up with your double music watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you're going to be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease. Just like Tinkerbell. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to a lot of free features like the fan video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but on top of all of this, you also get macophysicure details included. So you can be assured your internet experience is always safe and secure. All of you straight. So anyway, and for start doing more faster than you ever did could be for and you're wondering how you ever Manceted along without it. Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 995 a month for two months. And Dave Call 305 Comcast and in Broward 954 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5602AZX. Red Passion Black Echo Blue Red Frage torque Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Green Can Blue Blackorge Blackorge who I did here as a child what the hell did we do you'll keep this wide away out of hanging and try to forge our roots as a boy she's a boy, given a Christian right the Lutheran Christ is a boy once she's a boy a pastor's boy she's a God that leads to a home to a lady stop with all this madness and she must not go say she's a boy she's a boy a boy you're a boy she's a boy a doctor's boy a doctor's boy help 40MUSIC I can wait a moment 174 votes right in the 44 can I think it is just congratulating the was everybody on And originally I had this schedule like the end of April like the first week of May and then I changed it. Somebody we didn't tell, maybe I forgot. Or maybe he forgot or whatever. Although I don't really see that it's a major, you know, Cuteness wheel, then somebody has a gun there face because they made up to schedule and solve wrong. You know, it's a huge catastrophe. Is it really? And why is that? Maybe you can explain that to me. Well, it's a big thing to say. Yeah, it's a sales thing. Maybe there's some new account starting, so it's just a big disaster. You know, let me ask you seriously. Yes, what time is your show start? That's weird. So no account starting. Yeah. Apparently it's just a little deeper than, you know, it being resolved. Well, I'm doing it for it. It's getting really deep. I just rolled my pant legs up. And actually do have my clothes on. That's how anxious I am to get out of here at 2 o'clock. I became a big indescribian. Now I'll be on vacation next week. Let me say it again. We allowed, okay? Because even when there wasn't a change schedule in the past, I would give George the information. He would pass it along the screen and the whole sales department would be like in the dark. Oh, it means our vacation. Oh, we didn't know about that. We got to change some spots around. We didn't know about that. Well, that's a girl. We got to tell you. Sure. But that's the problem. See all the sales people think that you're going to be here next week. That's why, you know, the Rucus is going to. That's all the sales people. That's right. And how many does that constitute? About third man. Right. All the sales people, I guess what, I am not. And never have got to be. Vin. Will not. And I mean, if you think I'm changing my vacation, you're dreaming, okay? If there's anybody in the building who believes that they should divest themselves with that fantasy right now. The reason I did change it is because, like the first week in May and then the middle of June is like, I was a little too close together. I'd like to like win and bounce space it out. Right. Speaking of space it out, you're going to do that with your cash too because here's this article in the Herald that says gasoline prices are nearing three bucks a gallon in South Florida and the really bad news with the peak summer driving season and hurricane season approaching experts here that today's high prices are going to almost like a bargain later on this year. What a bargain. Thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices. The price for a gallon of regular Miami is already short and average of 41 cents over the past month to 283 a gallon and the triple A's in Broward the average prices of 42 cents to 281. It's outrageous. Said retiree, now I'm a loose get loot, looks he looks at look she. As he filled up his car to sit, go gas station in the quarter of 37th and south west eighths tree. Somebody's making a lot of money and it's not me. Lusky said he hasn't had to cut extra expenses because of our gas prices but he thinks most people Miami have. There's a lot of people who had to change their habits because they can't afford gas. You said and we expect them to buy see this is part of the problem. The economy's not good. Clarabel. Maybe you know you're running around honking your honking there but the fact that a matter is a lot of people are falling on very hard times. Moey de Fisi. Okay. Because they got Wilma and a lot of people a lot of people had to pay that out of their own pocket. All the expenses put their life back together again and then we got the gas prices. And you put this together. All of these things. And you got service baby. So instead trying to like bleed blood out of a rock which is like what you're trying to do with me. And I will be on vacation next week probably. Be sure and tell George about it. When you called George about whatever that was, John should be sure mention that too. Okay. About the stories online. Right. That's what it was about. Are you telling me that George doesn't know I'm not going to well he probably doesn't. I'm going to surprise. See, maybe if he's here in Tom because I know he does a lot of homework when he's going to be doing the show. And he works very hard on those fools too. Guy Carruso, boy could he built one out or what? Head of the energy department's statistical agency said prices at the pump are likely to increase. At least another 15 cents a gallon because the Saudis are visiting Musa-Bri. For Paisas. Kudor online and we know about them. Saudi bucks a barrel now. And they said that if we do attack Iran that oil could go up to his highest $200 a barrel. That's like about triple but it is now. So you figured out if it's $3 a gallon at these prices at 70 bucks a barrel, I'd two out of bucks a barrel. We're good like nine bucks a gallon. You could afford that. Couldn't you? Like at least one a gallon. Just take close to home. In fact you guys could probably move right in the next order that oil folks home. What is the name of that place do we ever ever figured that out? No. It's kind of like win more in cemetery village right next to the radio station. There's a oiled far it's home in there. I'll probably be in there one day like you know with my walker. I want wheels on my walker. I don't really. Oh I want I want the wheels on my walker. I like those those are really nifty. You better not talk like that Mr. one of these days you're going to be sitting there with a glass to me bag. Oh I got it mine right here now. And it's reasonable. And the other end. Huh? And the pen is balls on the other end. No that's on you right in tenon. That's on your car antenna. Oh they got him on the walkers too. Oh do they do they really? Yeah. Well I haven't seen those. Although I did see a very lovely one of wood by the other day. It was lady had all these different decorations and chassis. It was really it was like a designer walker was beautiful. She had some flare on her walker. She had some really flare in the ear. But I think that was from the bag. Five six seven come on let's take a bunch of calls here wake up you bastards my god. What a what a place just death is in the ear. Remember that song lovers in the ear was that palm of curtain. Paul you did that. Huh? Paul young. Paul young did love is in the ear. Love is in the ear. No no no no no. I thought there was a palm of curtain here. No wings or one rose. Huh? Put that in here. Trust me. Paul young. I don't know what. I have it on vinyl. Love is in the ear my ass. That's a good book. So, that brought you right to a halt right there. That was good. What? Talk about a. Oh, squeaking hole. Let me look at my book here and see it says. Looking at your good book there. The good book says. Love. I lost by her a mother in the blue notes. Love is a love is by Vanessa Williams in Brian McNight and by Atlanta Miles. Love is a battlefield battlefield. Love is a gold gold ring. Love is more. Love is a whole bunch of things. Here it is. John Paul down right. Told you. So I 78. Love is like a baseball game by the intruder's 60 and it never heard that. Not a few are Marlon fans. We're like hate is like a baseball game. We hate it. We hate. Of course, even if they were good, they would still hate. Well, here they are picking on poor Barry Bonsie. And when they got over, get them get off of that. It's not that poor stripper there to Duke and they are poor lacrosse team. It's poor Barry Bonsie. It's Balko scandal. It's just that Barry Bonsie is such a preemmen athlete in the game today that he's Undisputing me. But if you look around the game of baseball, Raphael Pong-Mero, who was suspended last year, couldn't get a job, Sammy Sosa couldn't get a job. And Mark McWarner today seems ashamed to come out in public. So Barry Bonsie is hardly the only one single doubt by this. Now we just know like him. Oh, speaking of people we know like little Barry Jackass with his baloney sandwich over with the a herald says. But he's especially, I didn't balloon today. He's reviewing the sports cast on the big four. Four six seven and ten. Yep. And he says WFOR channel four and from a town standpoint stands up to sex up against his competitors with personable Jim Barry. Oh Jim Barry, personable my ass. He's a silly person. Who might be the best in the market, a concisely overseeing panel discussion, Kim Bo Kamp, who's developed a way of very capable anchor and yaddi-yaddi. Let's see. And then the major problem during rating sweeps, they don't have to go to nighttime to sports on the 11pm show. The Sunday night show we on okay channel six, it says give rows of credit. That's old, what's his name? Joe. I understand that. I'm just, what we used to call him big dog. No, not dad. What we used to call him. Okay. Whatever we call. Whatever we call. Okay. We'll join him. He's become considerably more polished as an anchor. But Joe is a good guy. We're not polished. He's still like a little bit of a dullard. Extra points for consistent coverage to UMSports in area where channel 10 is of sale and yaddi-yaddi-yaddi and see too much about that. And him Cooperstein. Oh, it's you. Guy Rawlings. Isn't his skill as very steep compared to Jimmy Syphilis. Hey, Jimmy. You're fairie. Channel seven. Oh, though he has been less open about discussing his plans to go. She's doing this. They're agent through Rosenhuis. He's given WSPN and edge. Oh, yeah. Everybody likes a Dury Rosenhaus. And then he says, Jimmy Syphilis means lead anchor on 10. But overdue his duties to two nights a week. This fall. Will man so and John Henry Smith and Alex Lobe. And then talks about the Sunday show. It says mostly. Here we go. Mostly. The show misses a win in candor of Jim Manditch. Who left WPLG one and a half years ago in the spirit of our beer sponsor. They told him that they don't want him drinking a certain kind of beer off the year. And he said, Yamama, he told him where to stick it. Nice going, Maddo. Oh, right. Our recommendation says little buries. He was eating his peanut butter and jelly sandwich with bacon. Reconcil with Manditch. Gravel, if you must. Some more highlights of local teams games. Shorten the face of segment. Lemonate wills thrills. And add some live guessing queda features once in a while. As buries programming channel 10. And Maddo, by the way, buries says he hopes Yamama poisons your baloney sandwich. This is Neil Roger. A rat is 560. No, this is odd. This is not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. The middle Eastern world. Will be exploded to dumb at people' view. With the cast that we sold him. First time a grass ordination and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nook there to imagine. For right way is drilling it over and over into our head. That a rag has some. That this is a fast instruction. Through. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten. I'm exploiting its net. Paint their soil to be tested. Going after satan to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Latin. But no one seems to serve those. Humphrey and complacent believe in every word of this cartel It's administration that controls my fear through the E.M. And the ventilation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads. That I rag has some weapons of mass destruction. The last civil rights is the rice that were paid. We're all suspects now not see ash crop this seed. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know being a cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoked battle and world annihilation. Oversing must fall and how the virgin is filled with no objection at all. Timber crackstone have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our life. I rag has some weapons of mass destruction. Only I rag has some weapons of mass destruction. I want some of the parts that we've got to talk about. The concept of the show is the sales manager. Our new SM's, the show you talked about. We don't have it wrong. We don't have it wrong. We don't have it wrong. We don't have it wrong. We don't have it wrong. We don't have it wrong. Maybe that's why they're okay. That's why it confused a little bit about them. If I catch them. They say it's not right. Maybe it's good. He needs some anguish ass assistance. 1210 votes. 1210 votes. 1210 was WGV Engineer. We've never lived up in the Northeast. We're here all the 50,000 by powerhouses. All these, like WCA, when filling up. And WOWO and four-way in the end of WOWO. Huh? And WACM in Rochester was using the same thing. 1180 was a horrible station and still is. That's Rochester, what do you expect? Mostly town. 1190, I think. Let's see. 1170, I think. votes is a possibility. It will be a wiling West Virginia. It has to add over little. And it would be WVAN. It's exciting. Jud wingers, but with 22 M dishwasher.Victory. Yeah. That's right. ruined tego. Ya London Georgelee. Lets think it'll be around 1200 with these crout. It's just stuff. You just dirty it with  on a hanging machine. But this le sense goes through well. Oxali is ruining the quality of that shirt. No. because it was like head transistors. I mean today, who the hell has that? They got iPods and U-Pod and my pod. But back in the day, everybody had like a little transistor system. And at nighttime, WABC would come booming in from New York. WLS from Chicago. WCFL. 1000 other dollars. What are frequency, man? 1000 right there in the middle of the AM dial. And now AM is like, it's like a sewer. It's like a septic tank on your radio. And the signals are like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But we're on HD man. And as soon as people start owning HD radios, then we're going to really kick ass. Then we're going to surprise those vashes across the street and down the street and down the road. Yeah, just wait. You just wait, man. Till everybody in South Florida's got an HD radio. And Joe Belses, if you promised to buy one of our CDs or teachers, he'll give you a radio. HD. Nobody said? Yeah, that was it. Ha ha ha ha. Ah, ah. Oh, good. What a clown. WQAM. Hello. Neo. Hey, sir. Listen, I just want to thank you. So if we're going to loose change out there for everybody to watch it, try to get a taste of what's really going on. Yeah. It should show you an important that people watch that. And anybody after listening to have the CD. You guys want another truth. There's the truth. If you want to give a little bit of fantasy lame, you know. Just like these tapes they heard the other day. And the guy says, Roland, he was talking about the food cart. They were like using the food cart to try to break through the concrete to take control of the plane back and all this crap. Oh, let's roll. Yeah. I mean, right. I want to get in. Oh, I'm sorry about everything. Didn't they? And they can move. He's at that. I just want to go on the road to find the data. I was a push that brought us. Bob, but I don't do it. But when I'm calling you, I hear this. You're just going to curse in some sense. But I don't want to like you. Yeah, a bunch of bumper stickers that say you could do. Another truth, WWE's that go right to that relank. Maybe I should wake up a few people. Yeah. You know, I try to wake up five or six people a day. I send him to your study. I tell him where to go. And even then, I get phone calls back to him. People, thank you. I had no idea. If anybody has to, you know the truth. And you actually give a crap. Try to wake some people up and send him there to see this. All right. It's a email. I don't think I got to watch Lewis change in our website. And of course, if you had a brain interview, people were really cared. Which we can't verify that everything under is 100%. True, maybe not of it is. But, and then of course, today Doug Thompson, we let's be done bad. I didn't even send you the column. Or he's debunking all the 911 conspiracy theorists. Yeah, he's really on that bad way. For a guy that's his negative story about the government has been harassed by them as much as he has, he sure is hell is awful easy in terms of taking whatever they say for granted as the truth and face value. I mean, even there, I remember all those months, let's roll. You know, they use that guy like his deposter child for great courage and yada yada. And when we went into a rack, let's roll. Yeah. And he never said that. That was just talking about it. He's talking about the food cart. Like he would have been like him to beef us on the plane. He would have said, where are the rolls? You know, is nobody what I said? Yeah. Where are the rolls? What are our little cow, man? Can you believe he's actually getting married to like a real female? Tell me, wow, do you believe that? Have you guys actually seen this person? Yeah. And she's not real. Yeah. I make the least. She fat. No. She's not fat. What? What? I'm fitted fat. Oh, come on. See, you know, why am I wasting my time? You're not going to get an honest answer. This business about being Mr. Diplomatic. Well, why not just get me an honest answer? There's nothing wrong with being fat. I'm fat. Okay. Is she fat? 560560, pound 560 in the rise in a cigarette or rather slime? Boy, brutal. So many 2AM-haw and now, see, that proves that it was, you know, was it one behind the media email? Yes, it does. Prove to me 2AM-haw. Hey, Neil, what's happening? How you doing, sir? I need to know what page of my book do I charge this so I can cleanse my radio for a past day sock. First, you have to get out the good book and then get out of good math. Have a good one, Neil. Hey, no matter fact, it'll make good read material when you're on the strong, because that's a good place to deposit it. Remember that thing, you'd get more than all of that out of shape the, uh, ragheads. Oh, they were, don't bring the Quran in the toilet, well, you know something you should take all those holy books and flush them all down the toilet. Yeah, they should. Now, the good books, yeah, the good books, says killer, everybody. And stone your kids to that. Other than that. That they, you see, I have no problem with crazy people believing whatever they want. Just bring me out of it. That's all. That's all I ask. Is that so much to ask? Just leave us out of it. Those of us who don't want to participate. Oh, no, we can't do that. We have to save you. We have to save you. That was so when an armor came comes. Oh, just leave me out. I noticed that I got next week's next year, six, of course, next year. We're looking at far ahead. Six weeks and that August week. So next year, I got seven weeks vacation. So I think next year you would be right. Like, here we are, the week I'll be on vacation. And of course, by next year, Joe Bell will be like with aerosmith. So we're on permanent vacation. Who do you think they're going to bring it in replace him pretty soon? Think about it during the break. All right. Come on, it's after one and five, 60, WKOM. The Emerald, how do I Curtis for Gellie? Well, not really for Gellie. We've Curtis in place of Gellie for nobody in the two to four rolling sloth. That kind of strange. You can't say he's filling in for Gellie because it's not the Gellie show. He's filling the whole for Gellie Curtis. Oh, no, wait. We got a new schedule. Oh, we got a new schedule now and it says, George is on. Look at are these guys doing it or what? Right. Get yourself that revised schedule. All right. And you know something I'm going to tear the whole thing up because I don't really care. Because I'm not going to be here anyway. Exactly. There is to revise QM schedule. If you want to get a hold of it and by the way, Josh, the next break, so maybe my list of all my vacations in the next two years. That's good. Be sure and tell them where I'm going. The flight numbers, all of these other things. The seat number to make sure that I can, you know, be close to them and confably with them on the plane, yeah? All right. And sign that treaty. And sign a CV and your, uh, New, uh, best of 30 t-shirt. But third man. Whatever the hell it is. I think if Tom Jickler would have wrote a piece about it in the paper, see, I think if, uh, Duffin said it going to Kevin Baxter for that article. He'd have gone to Tom Jickler. Because all of our audiences in Broward, nobody reads the Harold and this thing. So I appreciate Kevin Baxter. That was a nice piece, so to speak. And the article went better either. But if he would have gotten over to Tom Jickler, you know, then maybe we'd have gotten a little coverage or something. But Jickler, of course, he's playing hard ball in hard ass. He didn't want to. No, he had a question in one. Wow. You know that? Well, I sent them in for on it. You did? Yeah. And what did you say? I didn't get it reply. Yeah, of course not, because he's playing hard ball. Because I mentioned the fact every day that all he writes about is tough piece about all of it and we're shows he writes nothing about local, you know? And that's because he's a loser. He's lazy and he's a loser. You're a loser, Tom. You don't take it personally unless you want to. But you're lazy. Just like when I told you, I'd write an article about Diff Casper and the local video. That would have required a little bit, uh, you know, a little bit of work on your part. You're taking a study, first. Yeah, and you wouldn't do it. The Emerald Coast is for it. It's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by the Gat restaurant review. And I would be Friday through Sunday night. You can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster thermodore. And every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest with license, no crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-son of sushi bar with over 30. We're 30 different items staring right back at you. The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York steaks hooked to your order. And hand-camp, our cane car primer. I'm so tongue-cied by it. I'm ready for lunch. And on the weekends for dessert, the room for the Emerald Coast name is 40 inch chocolate fountain. Hand-up your own strawberry as marshmallows, other that can increase as well. I bet you can go in there and have a good pace at a key meals matter. Right? You don't have to have like a cheeseburger with the Emerald Coast. Check out their new, all the kid. In fact, you notice one thing about the Asians, they don't eat cheese. You ever notice that? I mean, I'm not saying they don't eat it, but we've ever seen like a, in a Chinese or Japanese restaurant, anything with cheese. I can't say that I have. I thought because I asked you with a moong cow. Check out their all new, you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to talk you over two different types of sushi rolls. And much more. The Emerald Coast 3 can be locations of great place to pick out this holiday weekend and get saved by the Lord. They're in sunrise, sunny hours, beaten pepper fines. Reservations suggested. And for the Emerald Coast call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-62-8-4-8. The Florida Marlins. Onsports, premium, ice-lit sea, WC-V. It sounds like a moonger. Kisses and not. Everytime you see it. Kisses go big on, wants to feed. Once to take a baby and cover it and sleep. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. Because he wants to make new or leave free food. Now, can't what people are afraid. Just like a sexy Jackson. We are black people. This garment sounds as though. Show the Goddess man. He compares the boat to a willy walk afar. Stop drinking. Yes, right now he can take. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. This dress was the comfort of the. This time was the rebuild. A new wellness. The one that should be. Uptown. The walls. Wherever they are. Kisses. It will be chocolate. A chocolate new wall. We never take the blame. We never take the blame. Chocolate. That's the end of the day. That chocolate in some coffee. And then we'll walk on. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. Re-made and can. Because he wants to make new or leave free food. Just can't have new wellness. No problem with. It was the main floor. Just want me to say. I think I missed go 1240 with WDGV and Ginny. It's not 1210. 1210 was definitely WCAU. So many people. It's all in all here. While we got to get this right, our radio history man. Radio history. We got 1257 vote on the poll. What you take on our. In pitch bush before another invasion before you do it again. 656. 53%. And pitches as. Please. We can't even handle our rack to 09. Blow them off the map. On 170. I'll em shmoth. It is. No more killing. No more lies. and all those weapons must be somewhere. There's snappy dressers 38. The artist writes to us 38 and I hate this full only eight. Solomon, they're all showed. That's amazing. It's shocking only eight and you want to know why. I think the products are insured, speaking for forgiveness today. Have you noticed, I mean, maybe, probably Miguel hasn't, but I bet you Josh has noticed it. It's 20 after one already. I don't want to give myself a canary and count my chickens before they lay the big one. But have you noticed the absence today? And we had some idiots all the time. You're ruining it. No, but you don't want to say it, though. They don't want to say it, though. Yeah, they don't want to surprise. And it's Friday. Wow. Yeah, maybe it's going to be a good weekend. Oh, I'm sure it'll be a good weekend. I'm sure we're going to find several good machines at the casino tomorrow. Now, you got lucky the other day. You're probably going to have a bad weekend. But I'm not going there. I'm going to do an agro. What? There's 20 of my machines there. Mine got 3000 machines. They got a big sports book and they got all the table games. They got all anything you could want. And speaking of anything you want. It's like, it should be called, falls near casino and meat market. Is that right? Oh, you know, they talk about honeymoon couples. Go to Niagara Falls. I don't think most of those young people are honeymoon couples. Whatever they are, they are really something else. And it's not exactly like being like in the high-ala. 21 past one is five, 60 WCM. We got Curtis Stevenson at two, no, no religion at all. At least he ain't no guilty. Not quite that squeaky. He's going to be on to the four mad dog at Finnegan's way on South Beach at four. 60, 60 Roberto Longosho from Doris Market in Pembroke, Pines. What a memory. With Roberto Longos. By the way, thanks to the Panthers for studying Jamie McLean against Lisa. I think the Longos are the bad shoulder. And also thanks for playing no defense. That helped. Marlon's on deck at seven o'clock tonight because the Marlon's begin a very, very crucial. A big, more important thing we can see is against the Red Hot Washington Nationals. Because the Nationals won the against yet? Yeah. Well, what's their record? Marlon's on deck at six. I mean, in one game or two, I mean, it's suck. So come out for a big suck face this weekend. Marlon's on the Washington Mass, the meantime tonight 735. Eddie came after the ballgame. He's back from all of his plunging his gut cell. Shame on you, Eddie. He's probably back for a piece of shit. How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Let's go to the field. Speaking. The Rogers should be there for about 24 years. All right. Once every year is, that's about right. That's pretty good, right? Yeah. I gave you both in Tommy. Anyway, I'm so great. He's good. I'm fine out there. You're fine. Right. It's good. A little bit of the battery. Yeah. What the fuck? Um, what are we going to do? Uh, we can't turn it off. You remember? What is it? We've refrigerated off. Oh, yeah. Sure. Of course. Yeah. Is that you? It's not easy to get front of mine. Yeah. He brought us a little refrigerator still sitting in the QAM studio right there where these guys are sitting in the grass right now. Right. Right. Right. Well, thanks. Tom, Tom, thanks again for us. All right. Thanks, Tommy. Good luck for your Pugger Gessa. Okay. I'll call somebody years. Refrigerate a bar. We see a little, I'm in a fridge that's sitting there and they're, of course, the micro-wits in a town. Yep. Brought to us by listeners at IOD. We still use it both of them often. Just about every day. Just like I was my flavor wave oven. And you're what about your bench? That we slept over there. Oh, the one in the house. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That thing is in different categories. That some guy made a big bench with like a little bit on it. And you open it up and there's all kinds of, I got light bulbs in it. I got all of somebody, somebody also sent me a whole bunch of light bulbs. Do you fit in it? Yeah. In fact, that's going to be my cancer. That's why I'm eating that low car pasta. So I can get done, still enough to use that as a casket. She's funeral, you know, because I got all those ray-broubling friends that want to have all the money. Left to them. From 146 votes, see if George would or he would like to jump right on it. Oh, yeah. He really is a hard ass. He's just brutal. Five, six, seven, all see. And before we do that, though, this, I got to men just mentioned in passing. The commander who led the elite 80 second airborne division during its mission in Iraq has joined the course of Retaragenals call on defense secretary Donald Rumsfield to leave the Pentagon. Leave now, Donnie. Paraband during junior. And take your arm trash. What do you? By the way, how are they doing on that? Do they have any more persons of interest in that anti-airstil? I don't think so. Oh. That's how we're just supposed to forget about these things. What are anti-airstil? Do we know anti-airstil? I really believe we needed a new secretary of defense because Secretary of Rumsfield carries way too much baggage with him. Retired, maybe, General Charles Swanich told Barbara Star on seeing him yesterday. And Barbara Star, the guy that pretends to be a chick with black glasses. That's a guy. She's definitely got a f***. Swanich is the second general who served in Iraq under Rumsfield to call from the resign. A retired major General John Bestseed by Tieste. What if he should kid the gayed back Tieste? Who led the first infantry division in Northern Iraq in 2004, 2005 called for Rumsfield's resignation during an interview Wednesday on CNN. He also suggested other changes among the top brass of the Pentagon. I think we need senior military leaders to understand the principles of war and apply them ruthlessly. And when the time comes, they need to call it like it is. He told CNN and then they certainly not see that work. Former US Central Command Chief Anthony Zinney, former Army Major General Paul Eaton, and retired Marine Corps Lieutenant General Gregory New Bowl also, have said retire to a Rumsfield. But he ain't going anywhere. Swanich is critical of Rumsfield's management style, specifically a few of his mismaid. Micromanaged the generals are leading our forces. And I believe he has capability associated with the Abu Ghara, President Skidl, and so rather than a many of these mistakes, he continually justifies them to the press. And that really disallows him from moving our strategy forward. Swanich was more than 30 years. The Army said part of the problem at the Pentagon is Rumsfield's system of promoting senior leaders. And it goes on and on. When it does, they want his ass out. Kick his ass out. Hermon Gearing. Smart ass. And he holds those press conferences. They're those briefings in an immediate sedat. And they make all the little funnies back and forth. Everything is real funny. And all these people are dying. All these people walking around are just stumbled around with no limbs, no legs, no arms, no eyes, no brain, in his case. And I mean, it's just like when Bush did that thing, if the immediate press coordinator was it last year? I think it was last year. He should have been, he should have been in pieces for that. Oh, I don't see any weapons over here. And then he goes, it goes across, I don't see any over here. And they're all, ah, ah, ah, yeah. Very funny. Tell us the appearance of all those dead kids. Very amusing. Twenty and the public is worried about, you know, very bonds in about, you know, that's the Duke duke, Duke lacrosse team. And why? Because the media, I totally disagreeing the alien days. That wasn't anybody's business. It was a private, child custody case. There wasn't anybody had a stick there's big nose into it, including Raman, Saul, Sanchez. God. So anyway, Benjamin Gilbert know how merrisque we see as his doom, what she doing. I still don't know. But you better, that's your assignment. Yeah, I'll go find out. After you stop bugging Joe Bell about these CDs, find out about merrisque we see. Hey, here's a silly question. If you try the pizza and pasta John, the baker's wealthy, I have any taste of all the answers. Obviously, yes. You know how great it is. John the baker, the best in 10 year rest around this city, University drive. And now two great locations for you. Two great locations. Remember, Dick Groat shortstop Pittsburgh, Paris, 1960. Grand New and the Surin Town Center, Sterling Road, is West of Pine Island, Cooper City, and the classic John the baker. And pepper pines, just West ofomingo on the home depot center. I'm pines Boulevard, the food is sensational. The portions are gigantic and everything is cooked fresh just the way you love it. First we're John the baker's low low prices. You can take the whole family for lunch or dinner and stay. What would then your budget, too? When you go on a job, the baker, it definitely wants you to please to ask for the Neil Deal. It's unbelievable. Lar 60 minutes pizza pizza. Half a dozen garlic rolls and two content coach for only 14. 75. By the way, I'm a guy who Josh said something on the air yesterday. Take out or done in tonight called 9.5.4. 4.3.1.4.3.15 in pepper pines. Or in Cooper City called 9.5.4. 2.5.2.0.9.1. Some of the best pizza you've had in a long time. Pasta, meal, chicken, parmesan sausage and peppers. All your favorite subs, all waiting for you. You can't pleat it at John the baker's. For this, it's Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 8. Why do you best? If anybody has a pine, y'all, disenting from our way. They should take it to the sea star. As in the me of the snake, don't even bother to quench your eyes. Just follow on don't they? Everybody's planning on me. Ask us to stay. Since the octopus is a little hot, you're watching all of you. Everyone got the sashimi. So fast and hot you're new. This is for you, son. And all you might know. This is for you, son. I'm just a few where say. Yeah, gotta hate those who. And flinch and give our roast. Be me everything we can. Let's do it. And the snake run you. Blood water, water, cold bread. We love your husband. Hey. I'm over in Tainy for his fame. That's just who we're saying. We don't mind you see our dogs go. We're talking about his food. We're talking about J-no. Don't be so stupid. Oh, those are our innocent feelings. The fact that paradise can't wait. And that's what everybody's turning dry. Yes. I just knew when it's day. I'm so rich and covered. One thirty four courage students and standing by two. He's going to be talking heavy duty hockey talk. I'm sure that. And Marlon's too. And over yet about. You know. Here's a story you're going to like. I guess you're a camp lover. Far from the bright lights are brought away. A drama of a different sort of playing out on the Nooks and Crenneys of a 19th century building in Manhattan's Greennese Village. Poor Molly. Or you see this? Yes. Cast the characters including animal rescuers and softest crowd cat therapists. Continue the reference today. Lauren, a woman year old. Oh, and love in month old. She was me black cat named Molly out from the herds of the building. Where she's been treffin early two weeks. Here Molly. Here kitty kitty kitty. The activity was centered at the basement wall and ceiling of a Granted village delicatessen where Molly had been a official housemaster until wandering into a narrow space between walls and becoming lost and will rescue supervisor Mike Pastore described as a maze of beams and pipes going every which way. Every which way but loose. Rest you efforts we zoomed about a 30 this morning said Pastore were still drilling holes but so far. Not. I don't tell you something about this because I would make this story obsolete. No, I saw them searching this morning. They're still searching. Yeah. With city building officials on hand to supervised more bricks were hammered out on the seller of 157 year old forestry building on Hudson Street. The end of this is part of a landmark historic district where alterations are prohibited without official permission. Yesterday Pastore said he hoped Molly situation would be seen as enough of an emergency so we cannot get a few more bricks. Just like they did in the sales department in a several bricks. The landmarks commissioned told restorways they should do whatever necessary to recover the cat agencies spoke to a m and Diane Jackie or said. In another move, two kittens were brought to the scene in a carry on cage and hopes that their mewing might trigger Molly's material instincts enough to draw her out. Pastore field director for animal carrying control a private organization with a city contract to handle lost injured normal animals said the rescue was the most difficult experience. They really ought to buy our city now just not a Molly. Shouldn't they? Oh yeah. I've done this dozens of times even in zero neighborhoods where you're lucky to have a live. Molly's meowing could be heard so clearly on the sidewalk outside the building and seem like she might be a foot or less inside the wall though blocked from view by vertical studs and the obstructions. Here's one of the great lines in all history. She's right there said, pastry, I'd like her to be able to reach in and grab a piece of fur. That's what's so frustrating. I told her. On Wednesday, bricks have been carefully removed at various spots to give Molly in escape route. Molly stayed put. Pastore seemed got a fleeting look at Molly through a tiny video camera stick into the crawl space but couldn't get to her. A cage bedded with glue was left overnight. Molly didn't bite. She even catnips the feeling I for Nizia cat no effect on the timorous tally. Television reporter solicited the views of dog walkers other passes by who paused to watch the activity that was making headlines all across the USA and abroad. I think she's really scared by things she'll come out. She like I said is all kinds of innocent people dying all over the world because of this bush uh, fascist regime and worried about putting cats. I think she's really scared but I think she'll come out off her cat and that probably like Tom Cruise too. He's scared but maybe one day he'll come out. So cats are made out of tenta was walking her small dog pepeeto but maybe sitter filomena Brady. What's more ridiculous? Pepeeto or filomena. I'm 30 day Carol Wilburne the cat therapist and health on the sidewalk next to the building's out of wall and try to cook from a crow smiley out of what she hoped for soothing words. I hear you sweet heart she could come on Molly you can do it everybody wants you to come out. Nobody's going to hurt you. It's like that scene in the south park where they try to come out of the closet. After a few minutes one of Pastor's AIDS wearing a surgical magazine merch from the dusty cellar and school board to stop I think you're stressing her out she said. Wilburne complies and she'd been trying to give inspiration to the way word the cat. I care she told reporters I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't care. I met the activity business went on inside mirrors of kids were capable of a deli store. That's specialized in meat pies, tired of cream and other British food specialties meat pies and cloud of cream. All those British. I'm very busy said for Peter Myers who opened his story 20 years ago and kept Molly to catch mice. Pastor we said the search for Molly's one of the current concerns that animal care and control co-insiding with the recovery of a male sheep in New York and a wild turkey named Heta Gobler that was roaming the grounds of Manhattan apartment complex and was to release in the park today. Heta Gobler. I thought that was misfudge. I thought he was trying to be nice Heta Gobler. Or greater whatever name was Heta hopper. 1265 Otsendopol. We're going to hit to 1300 you know it. It's amazing. Or it is Borser as a Rumsfeld leadership as energetic and steady. But the number there's that anxious cure of Phil of subland. That's right and again that is exactly why I think when you flip it around it's not just retired generals coming out who's really coming forward and stepping up to defend the defense secretary. It's been fairly quiet from Republican leaders on capital Hill for example. We have not seen statements coming out from very seen Republicans. And now your president said, oh he's doing it man. He's my kind of goal. And lastly your president said today. I book our rate of 20 till 2 at 560 WM happy a good Friday man. I don't know what you're saying good Friday. Like happy. Hope the God the smiles down on you. All those other silly furry tales right? Yeah. Have a good Friday. And I hope it's the right God too. Not my am I having. And not Yeshua. And not whatever other I guess you were talking about. I hope it's the right guy. And I hope their first child will be a masculine child. Hey for years I've been talking about telematrics. Now outstanding service. If you've got to be one hundred mattress on the phone was easy. Go check out mattress.com on the web. You shop whenever and wherever you want. When you log under telematrics is mattress.com page. You'll see the extensive product line from a ceiling. Sure to Simmons King Quill. Timber Peter Stearns and Foster Hewitt. And you'll also see photos prices and a whole lot more. You can do the whole ordering process online. Referee visit the website mattress.com. Just pick up the old instrument called 1 800 mattress and place your order and schedule to deliver when it's convenient for you any to our window that you pick. Right now take advantage of telematrics is great. 12 month financing program 2 it's great. When you called telematrics at 1 800 mattress you get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during those so-called big sales. So do the smart thing called right now to dial a mattress 1 800 mattress the easiest piece of shopping anybody could ever do. Call 1 800 mattress right now. Talk with next for better consultant or log out of the website. Macris.com to guarantee yourself the best they've had in years and years. 1 800 MATT RES leave off the life as because it stands for sensational stupid this evening. This is meal rotters. This is 5 16 2 8. award VAng rate give me me I don't know if I can't go to the toilet and that's ever going out. Right now I can't wait to hear the handles go. And she's through the clouds who rip them off. They're going off and throw away. They're going to strike the other way. Oh, thanks man. Ben, the fortune's back there. Oh, take the plane to the doctor. One, two, three. I'll pay him for the fly and I can't have a third race. Oh, well, you've got to go, sir. I'll go see if I'll always stop. And I'll let you saw him. We're leaving our snakes. So I'm like it. It's a good moment to be safe as a winner. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm in a foolish match. But ready to go. We'll up with the rules. We'll break our havoc. We'll tell you. Oh, they're right. If you want to get there, kids. We put the button on the metal list. Oh, right. To the lower tip of the board, if you, we've enjoyed so much. So you'll point it to me. Oh, hey, nothing down. There's no final show. There's more to believe that we're win-win. And we'll go. We'll be in this plan. We'll just go. We'll show you. We'll help you, dad. One, four, you six, four. There's a first fantastic restaurant in there. We'll give the final soundtrack back on it's way to Italy. Let's do some flexibility. Of course, howlocks a game and doubled his orange dball. He's hardly bought with wei. something made in his joys. Here today temporary restraining order sought by Jacob B. Mayr Smith-14 after school administrators at the Coral Academy of Science told him, other Coral Academy of Science told him he couldn't use the poem in future competitions. The scene intends to reset a April 22 during Poetry Out Loud, a contest-ponsored by the National Endowment of the Arts and the Poetry Foundation, Poetry Out Loud. I wonder if you'll text it to me there. Standing in the injunction standard, I'll say there was a total absence of any evidence that the school's probation was legal under the Constitution. And while, if that's the case, then how come we're not pursuing joys? I wonder if all her prohibitions are legal under the US Constitution. What do you think, huh? No. And that's the team likely would be able to prove his first Amendment rights would be violated. I think I'm going to sue and prove my first Amendment rights are being violated. Fitch. Academy of Attorney John Olson, John E. Olson, remember him? Come on down. For Johnny Olson. You don't? From the crisis, right? Oh, yeah, of course. Of course. Come on. Had the big glasses, you know, John E. And then Rod Roddy came along with those Assilqa suits he used to get in Taiwan when he was there, oh, good. And then he died. And that Bob Barker, just heard of 116, he's still on there. What a joke. Academy of Attorney John E. Olson said Sandevel's ruling was on unexpected. He had argued that the issue was not about free speech, but the school's ability said educational standards. They must have selected his poem for an anthology of pre-approved words by contest sponsors. But they, after he recited a poem at a different contest table five, Academy of Human Resources Dean, Stephen West recommended his English teacher, and others for the performance. West then told the team to select another poem because the ordinary contained profanity according to court documents. In a hearing at Wednesday the team told the judge he practiced the poem twice a day for two months, and forcing him to choose another would be unfair. Well, Helen Dam, this is what I would say. Helen Dam, well, that should be our biggest problem, right? Yeah. Well, that should be our biggest problem is what? The shocker did they in the air. And, Gild, did you tell me what you said? He told me. And I didn't, I'm offended. Or did you deny it? He said this. This. He didn't put the letters necessarily in that order, but this. 255 votes on our poll. All we wanted to get to 1300, and then we just stopped. 1265, we just died. Well, that's because they're off to church now. Or they already home from church. What time do you go to church or I'm good Friday? Morning? No, no, no, man. I don't know, man. Oh, that means they're probably on the bar now, getting drunk. Trying to pick up some fluency when you're sick? That's what I'll be doing. Have you been a bar? You won't be trying to pick up no fluency though. You already got your, are you still with that? You're still with that? Huh? Yeah, you got your own fluency. Probably brings home gallons of vodka. It's actually in the kitchen cooking up that, that's low, the dream field pasta. Just wash it down with about a quarter vodka. Still 1265, I guess that said. I guess we're done on that, the internet on the website. That's right. That's right. Not too bad. Oh, during a short 1265, I think that's a real feather in your cabin. I thought you had anything to do with it. Don't forget to tell George, he's doing the stuff. I got your stories for tomorrow. But starting for Sunday and the true, the following weekend, he's, he's in his fine hands, okay? Okay. Good thing that that came up, otherwise otherwise we'd have had a real crisis there on Monday, you know? What have we been a big, to do? We would have been a big, similar about that as the Chinese say. Because George would have been sitting there waiting for me to like open the audio there from, you know? They're fast children. Oh, not her. It's not her. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. There it is. Do we have to do this every time we come home? Yeah, they do. They're doing it again. And, and I would have been there. Who have been no audience or is, oh, gee, what happened to me? Oh, maybe Neil's dead. I'm pretty sure I told him to change it. He just probably forgot. He's under a lot of pressure. A lot of stress causes his manager lies to him a lot. So many QAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. You just came up with a tremendous idea a while ago when you said about two in joy. There's gotta be some lawyer out there who was worked pro bono for you on it. And I would think it could probably be a class action too because many of your listeners are not enjoying your show as much because it's been so sanitized. Yeah, that's just sanitized. It would be like taking a fine bottle of wine of aged wine and like putting a tap water in it. Absolutely. I mean, there are things that you give your show to me was always in the payment. I've been down here 12 years. Yeah. I've been listening to people 12 years. The rest three years, I find myself taking the buttons more and more and more and more. Oh, because it's not as enjoyable as it was. Oh, I don't know. I said, you know, you know, I'm still here. I'm listening now, but today for a couple hours, I was in business. I'm going to raise my schedule almost around here. Sure. And so did everybody else. Well, this current regime man, it is a bunch of voices. Men are like that kitty cat that's lost in the walls, you know? Yeah. Just a bunch of voices. And the other thing earlier, I think. They've abandoned the ship. They've let Joyce take the controls and they admit that. Joyce calls all the shots. And they're just in no. She didn't everybody liked me. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's crab. Like that stupid email gives this morning about the fun. Well, you know. Now, I heard that this morning. And I had to go away for a while, but what are the things I've been in marketing for 27 years? Yeah. What do you think you did years ago? You used to have locations where they had to, whether it was barren tomobles or borders, whatever. Right. Places that made it easier. A lot of people don't go on the internet. They don't want to do credit cards in this depth. They don't know identity stuff. But they were around. And it was advertised. And none of that was done. It's been done this year. And secondly, I also think that C.D. as you said, a kind of becoming a little bit old. They're not a state of how do you get to say words. Right. And you probably shouldn't have done it this year. I purchased it. I enjoy it. But a lot of that bit I have already out of the. Okay. Exactly. That's what I said. I mean, people, you know, as tight as money is for people these days. We've got to go and forget. People aren't going to go out and spend money to get someone they've already got most of it. Another stuff. And you can pick it up and download or with empty three of you. Oh, like I said, don't say that. Have a great holiday. I would have been. I will free a clock if when you go to the. I'm going to go to my. Okay. Well, it's in the. It's pray for me. Okay. I will. And enjoy your vacation. Okay. Thanks. Pray for us, man. We need it. We got Joyce. We haven't got a prayer. Remember, the on-board. I said a little prayer. And your reach for frankings to us on it. Saying that. Well, with Joyce. We haven't got a prayer. Of course, with this new management crew. See, if this guy had any cohones, which he obviously doesn't, he would say, listen, you. You people are just. You're destroying our our radio station. And you're not letting our number one show. You're not letting them do anything. He told me that. But it doesn't tell that then that. See, tell that to me. I already know that show. I already know these things. All of these things. All of these things. That they're like, got my hands tied behind my back. And I got like a gag. Ooh, over. How do you do a talk? When you got a gag over your mouth. You want to say? Good point. Like Professor Moriard. You used to do the tri-lock homes all the time. Oh, no. I'm dying. I'm dying. Yeah. That's a good call. See, I told you. I don't understand what happened. How is it possible? We got to 1265. And then is that some wrong with our website now? I don't want to like walk out of here. It's too a clock and then find out. Oh, well, Eric had some kind of a, the cat got caught in the wall. There's something very strange there. What do you got? Look at your thing there. What do you got? How many votes? Oh, no. His computer is really slow. Now when he, he says, I, I spoke at 1265. Yeah, my, my just, it got to there. We were smoking line and that's it. That's the end. Hmm. Like the doors would say, this is the end. It's just, I think it's an almond man. I think it's a sign. It's on good Friday. Pace off. It's, I think it's a sign from God. This is Neil Roderick. Oh, yes. He's five, sixteen, two, eight. It's six. You're a good player, be tall. Both are really bright. I have five, six, oh. W, you, you, you. Oh. Oh. I believe that we have enough future. If I keep coming on this way. If I say I'm so the way was just a lie. I am so freaking high. Of it is easier than go to a meeting. And to be high my name is W, you. I thought it long ago. Smoke upon a dear little girl. Ever with an LSD. Angel dust and smoke say, oh, It's just crystal dust and ecstasy. Lying in my face I have your three. Ever so cute or so. They found some pardon me. You're tied up, Tracy. You're all through all inside of me. Bye, bye, bye.