Why the you f**k still? I dreamy evening news, I do On CBS most every night, but now they're striped Because of all report I read The other night, my name is Dan Rather Somebody call me up, call me up And if my time, you said I've got some bird I'm just sick, and I said fine And imagine how it's gonna change The pain is fine, I'm just like Dan Rather I don't think that torture's telling the truth About it's my life If you want to watch deep, I'll be your vines And I'm just like the bird, and I'm just like the bird And imagine how it's gonna change The important thing is to push it to me No matter if it's time to watch deep, I'll be your vines If one of us is gotta go, be every vines Because I'm Dan Rather Somebody say it's time to tell me Yes I am Dan Rather Yeah, what are you doing? Get them a lot of people. I know that 10 or 2 or 5, 60WQM happy Friday. Lange show in September. Right. And exciting. It is. Sort of in the line. Man, you're just flying by. Before you notice, it's going to be election day. Five and a half weeks. All right. You've said it about that. You're going to have our first day. You're going to have our least out of the closet. How about that Mark Foley story? We'll get to that a little bit. Good. That's a suspicious email. There was 16 year old boy. Hey, Mark. You know, we're going to have problems already cut the crap. You know, you're right about this. Back since the decent poll is existing, which I'm very profusely grateful, but at the end of it, it says, for today's pool, I nominate Walter Kronkeye. But what is not as celebrity. He was a news guy. We're trying to go there. Right. Well, we already did that. We've already been there. We already read that, you know, if you're from Zionist, then look at the looks of the people. We're almost threatened. Right? Right. People, women and Jack Kafferty, I would say, probably, right? Almost trusted. Right. If you get into that. People's economy. I mean, Robert is not working anymore. Last time I checked, I mean, he's making a lot of guest appearances with Larry. Larry was non-last. I had Brian Seekrest on there, hosting. And the guest was asked in Kuchikuchi Kuchiku. I guess it's just a coincidence that new movies coming out with very boring and terminally a tenderness Kevin Costner and Ashton Kuchiku, what's it called? The Guardian. The Guardian. Ooh, I got to misten it. As far as today's pool is concerned, I see this one other vote for James Franco. Leave him alone. Okay. You got dibs. He's on the bottom. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm sure we can first add. I got dibs, right. I like fruit on the bottom yogurt. Just relax. Yeah. Are you starting in with him again? They even see Tristan and his soul. He's so flive. I've heard it down the way. I'll download it or something. Why? You'll see it in his oldie. It's worth watching. You would like it. It's good. I've got a sword in it, right? Yeah, it's got a few swords. He had a sword. I can't figure out though. Who the hell is the actor? Was that played his step brother? Who looked familiar as good as he did. I can't find it. I'm looking at the cast there and I am DB and I just can't figure it out. And the problem being who those the names of all those medieval, brits and Irishmen who can figure out those names. I mean, like how many people do you know name them? I mean, Tristan. I mean Tristan. Right? None anymore? And his old? Yeah, he used to hear it a lot but not anymore. What his old? Yeah, when I was in Florida, you see that all the time. Anyway, here's our poll from yesterday. 1848 people checked in on this deal. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? Now let's see the first time we did this, we had 900 and some odds. So we had like twice the votes. Twice the people checked in, which means we've got double the audience, Joel. Anybody believe in that? No. Sounds good though, isn't it? Where the hell is it? But here, where do you get most of your news? I shouldn't be saving these old poll, should I? Oh, here it is. The first time we did this, homo, poll. We had 947 votes since then. We got 1848, damn you're double. I mean, like that. Absolutely not. 591. Now the first time we did this, 548. But the interesting thing is, well, the first time we didn't have no... You fair that on there. So if you put those two together in our current poll, you got about 63%. 57.8% the first time said, absolutely not. You faggot. You might have called you. You're not going to call me. So that's not that far, partly a percentage. Now the current poll, a few times, two or one, still practice makes perfect. Yes, once, one, you need to. The first time, yes, once, 105. Huh. Of course, on his span of 144, that's 32 more than the first time we've done it. Only percentages weigh that. Almost 12% of the audience said that in the first poll, this time only 7.7%. Either because we've lost a lot of our Hispanic listeners, because you keep picking on the numbers, or because of the fact that they just aren't doing this much. It's not as PC anymore. Yes, on gay 81. We had 77 in the first time, but out of half of the votes. So the percentage, the first time we've done the poll, about 3, 4 years ago, was 8.1%. Now, totally 4.3%, which means we're branching out, which is good. We don't just want to have that gay audience. We like everybody to be listed, but yeah, that's like when I was a KAT. And Bob Allen, rest in peace, the S.L.s. manager, used to just give his sticker. We're in that Jewish station. And you, everybody, you try to sell, we're in that Jewish station. What does a lot of old Jews out there? And believe me, if we have a sale on the Suses, probably be doing a landoff as business. The Jewish station, KAT. Of course, who else was listening, back in that day, the beef was totally different than it is now. Your people hadn't invaded yet, or my people. Well, some of my people, the old Jews. Anyway, yes, I'm K81. I hate this poll 41. I'm by. We added these two categories at the very end. I'm by 15, which I'm sure in one of those upper categories would like, like, yes, once more than once whatever. 15 said they're by. In other words, if they wanted, they got a bite. And I'm a screamer. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Six. We got six claimers out there. Screamers. Can hear him screaming. Can't hear. Screaming all over time. That's it. Yeah. That was an echo. What was it? Yeah. Good echo. I'll see. What about the poll today? It's a very lame poll, and you can see by the result. And I agree with that, but you know what? Like you said, it's a poll. Who cares? And we got an 88. That's great. 88. But the reasons keep changing. I know. Are we talking about the reasons for that illegal invasion of Iraq? They keep making it up as they go along. It's the war on terror. 88. Who is your most trusted celebrity in the reason? I did this because of that. Look, if it's good enough for Forbes magazine, man, it should be good enough of this audience. They don't like it though. It's still their polls. None. 283. None. And that's good. That's a very good answer. That wasn't mine. I was tempted to vote for that because the premise is stupid. Why should we trust celebrities? Right? They know. It's what I voted for. What a stupid answer question. But like I said, if it's good enough for a prestigious Forbes magazine, it's good enough for our crowd. None. 23. Good for you. 32% of the scratches. We don't trust celebrities. Just because they can act or they can, you know, get naked or whatever it is. They do. We don't trust them. I hate this poll. I don't know. I don't know. I think I'm poll sucks. But it's a poll. I know guys like that. They don't do not that choosy, man. Any polls are good poll. George Clooney, 70. Oh, boy. No comment. I've already said enough about him. Have I? Yes. Michael Z. Fox, 55. Ron Howard, 49. Opie. Morgan Freeman, 48. Tom Hanks, 48. Susan Surrandon, 36. George Carlin, we added him on late. We apologize for that, 34. But he's zooming up the list. Rachel, rate 32. James Earl Jones, 27. We trust him because he's got a big deep voice. That a good reason to trust somebody? Sure. Oprah, 27. Mel Gibson, 21. Oh, my God. Practically on the eve of your own kipper. Oh, my God. 21 people said they're most trusted celebrity as well. Gibson. Man. They love you. I've drinking with him and hear that in Sirson, anti-Semitic jokes. James Bond, 15. Denzel, Washington, 13. Reese, with his boon, 7. I trust, here if I get to know our husband a little bit. Sean Penn, rated this, he's got five. And James Franco has only got a pair. Out of nine hundred and three votes. But we're already got nine or three. We just came on here. How do you like that? He's only got two. Me and some other fool authors. Some other queen. James Franco. Tristan and his old fly boys. That horrible TV show, Freaks and Geeks, Voila, I haven't got a burn that. You like this. All right. This is so typical. Lawrence Kansas. There's this something. You know, when you think of young who places, we always think of like the Carolinas and the codis. I don't like Kansas man. They're like, that's right. Stone day. There they are. A judge has struck down a dover Pennsylvania school boards decision to teach intelligent design and public school said he was stunned by the reaction, which included depth rights and a week of protection by federal marshals. Pennsylvania US district judge John E. Jones, the turret told the audience in Lawrence Tuesday that the case illustrated by judges must issue ruling, street political wins or hopes of receiving a favor. And it's 139 pages decision last year. Jones ruled that the dover school board intended to promote religion when an institute of policy requiring students to stay in about intelligence design before a nine-grade biology lessons on evolution intelligent design. And we see him. We know that there's no intelligence design. He ruled that it's unconstitutional to teach intelligence design as an alternative to evolution. And if you were to told me when I got to the bench four years ago, that I would have been at Gap Deaths, rights in a case like this, as opposed to, for example, a crack cocaine case where I meet out a heavy sentence I've been told to you were crazy, but I did get him. And that's a sad statement. Jones is ruling through attention in Kansas, which was involved in the controversy of revolution last year after the Kansas State Board of Education served at criticisms of evolution in the state science standards. The judge spoke at the University of Kansas difficult dialogues at the comments to his which include several speakers who will discuss the evolution and intelligence design debate. On Tuesday, Jones didn't focus on that debate, but instead discussed the fallout, including the death threats and a verbal ration from conservative hundreds around the country. He said, much of the criticism showed a lack of understanding about the role of judges who said the rules should be based on the constitution legal presence, not on personal whims or political favors. All of the logistics and addicts, too, we might add that in it. It's just my own additional comment. It's religious fact. We're crazy people. You see, we're just not like a son of a bitch and call the police. Okay, call anybody. Call for help. Call for Philip Morris. Don't forget LSTMFT, lucky strike means fines of act law. Does that mean? That's what he used to tell us on TV before they banned those Fagadans. That in cartoons, do cigarette ads in those days? Like in Fred and Barney. Did cigarette ads? Fred and Barney. When was that? Before I was born. I saw videos of that. Get out of here. Or you were born like that? No. Fred and Barney and did cigarette spots? Yeah. Not to get you copy. I'll be damned. From it, it's after 10 at 5, 60WC. It's a Friday. We got mad dog at the Hooters in Pembroke, Pines at 2, and then the power hour with Hank and the mad dog between 4 and 5. The Humper in New York from 5 to 7. Marlins had decked 7 Marlins in the Philly's at 7.35. Totally meaningless last three games in the season here. But it's a home game, right? Is it? No. I'm guaranteed there'll be a tremendous crowd there. Panthers kicked Chicago's ass last night. An exhibition game at the Yamaha Arena. I think 6 to 3 was the final score I do believe. And how many people were attendance at that game? Not sure to man. Pretty slim and grim. Well, what do you know? You got to put on a good act and then maybe they'll come out and see us. Especially if you give the tickets all the way for free. You know, your horse racing phase in poker players, Pomp and O Park, racing in poker has got all the plunging action you could ever want. Just to half mile for both I-95 and the turnpike so it's easy to get to, Pomp and O Park features free admission and free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room will have to be Wednesday Friday and Saturday, including poker gets sent away from noon goes on to midnight and live racing gets sent away at 7.25 and a PM. Every live racing date like today, the smoke free poker room at Pomp and O Park features term in action all day and all night. Come on enjoy a great 9.95 out of can eat primary buffet on the fourth floor in the players room. All you have to do is show your power play, reward card to get to a special offer or sign up for free card. It's a free membership and every time you make a way during the races or play poker and show your card, you'll be earning points for free items like betting vouchers, programs, belly parking and lots of other things. And no forget dollar night every Wednesday when draft your service hot dogs, popcorn and large pretzels just to buck a piece at Pomp and O Park. And coming off Saturday, October 7, that's a week from tomorrow, it's Stink Pink Night, with special fundraising events to celebrate money for the American Cancer Society for breast cancer or awareness month. Pomp and O Park, a black software landed bullet of art on Power Line, road for the curracing schedule, go on the web at Pomp and O Park dot com or give them a call at 9.54, 9.72 2000. The biggest thing is of best talent to the business wheel rotors for video 560, you ain't an hour. No, it's Friday, you first. We are on a Christian and a G. Four four cities are a Christ and Taming. We are on a dot in the red dot box. Christ and the Albert self-dumbness. We sacrifice we must ingest. The body and blood of all those flesh. Which is more than different life, but not in the highest. And the Bible is the only one who is over the world. And the Bible is the only one who is over the world. Ten 18, so that we can target at 560 WQAM. 930 votes on today's pool are two impressed. I am. And James Franco is still on the bottom there. Franco American trout with the yogurt on the bottom. Where is the yogurt with trout on the bottom? Whatever it is. He's got a pair. Police find meth and man's prosthetic leg. Or where would you keep it? Back to him. J. Oklahoma. J. You ever been in J? No. Have you? You don't J. I'm a jerk. I'm a jerk. J. Oklahoma Sheriff's Epidies have arrested a group man on drug charges after finding crystal meth andphetamine inside his prosthetic leg. Larry Clinton Harper 64 was arrested as business. Harper's youth cars and body shop last week. During a search deputies con drugs inside a suck-like covering inside Harper's prosthetic legs said, He just stumbled out and he just laughed on that. He said he thought he was pulling the wool over our eyes. But we had the last laugh. He rest followed successful drug buys from Harper's business partner. It's said. Stocking inside of his prosthetic leg. Pretty creative though. When you say, I would. I've registered one of you. Weaver would have been impressed by that. Let's see. How did Dan Moreno get MIA status from your pool? The man is endorsing land sales. Cars, weight loss, he played football. It must be trustworthy. Right. P.S. I voted none. There's celebrities not geniuses. Excellent. I mean, are we going to put like, Jax on here? Why not? I think he makes a good point. He's on TV all the time. Push and say he's on for that. Nutritional system all the time. Danny Boy, I see him all 80 times today. He lost 22 pounds and I said, Get out of here. Every time I see him on her. Go away, Danny. We like him. But just go away already. Go away. So we put her mother. Jax, you're a gen marino. Oh, Danny Boy. That's a good idea. He's endorsing all these things. And I'm as the correct goes. Thank you. Excellent facts. Good point. And leave James Franco alone. He's got really got a lot of company. I'm sure. I don't want to read this whole thing. It's too long. It's too long and ponderous. I don't want to get involved in that. Especially on a Friday. Never on a Friday. But can I read just the a couple of paragraphs that see this all inspired them to read the rest of the story on our website? The day Freedom died in the USA from capital to New blue and it's not even a dark Thompson one. Fertis, did I have a name on it? No. He's probably behind it. You're what a swim tester over here. Freedom died in the halls of the US Congress yesterday as the US Senate passed White House sponsored legislation. It gives President Bush virtually unlimited power to approve torture of detainees and laws of the US military to hold without due course or constitutional protections anybody considers a terrorist or threat to this country. That is wrong. It's unconstitutional. It is un-American said, Patrick Lee here for money. He said it is un-American. This legislation will not really choke off freedom. We'll ensure that the Bush-Chainee administration will never again be embarrassed by US Supreme Court decision reviewing the time lawful abuses of power. Thirdly, maybe long-remembered as the day the government of the US approved torture brutality and barbarism as business is usual and Bush is politically manufactured so-called war on terror. It could well stand as the death knel for liberties and freedoms that have defined this country for more than 200 years. And it goes on AP report goes on, pop, pop, pop, pop on this one said this and this one said that and you can read about it on neorages.com. When Josh gets around to putting it on, they're probably tomorrow morning, making me to buy a ride. Or late tonight, whenever he feels like whatever the mood strikes, whenever he's done, whenever he's done doing whatever. Oh, Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. I'm 43. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. I'm 43. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. Danny Marino's on the foil and having a vote yet. activitation�ul�도 봐 Osman Danny Curtis, being a stark emails were indeed those of Foley and in now 17-year-old Voisees get an order by the minute who forwarded them to a fellow staffer. There is no overtly sexual communication in Foley's emails and the age of consent of Washington DC is only 16 anyway. See? Our investigation also uncovered a my-space profile attached to the congressman's personal address containing very little information. Foley's offices told ABC news that it's their policy to keep pictures of former interns so they could be remembered by anyone looking to recommend one. We do that. Here's a hot number. Yeah, he's going to recognize some of his friends. We keep them on a site called HotInterns.com. Right. However, ABC also reports that the page didn't even work in Foley's office. Ross story spoke with several sources who confirmed that they felt Foley was unusually friendly with young hill pages but failed to uncover anything of a more serious nature. Foley's office contains that the congressman is only guilty of being overly friendly and his categorized stories prior to Napoleon's Schmer campaign. Foley has long marketed himself as a protectorate children from a sexual predation. In 2003, he became an outspoken critic of a summer nudist camp for children and men and by Foley to change federal sex offender laws became part of the Adam Walls child safety and protection acted 2006. He's part of a Schmer campaign, Schmer and Schmer. What's wrong with getting pictures of 16 and 17-year-old kids? That's your boy, Mark Foley. Yeah, of a Palm Beach County Republican, of course. How are you and I'm at public enough, hasn't yet? 9.59. Oh, I think it's going to be 11 o'clock before we get close to a thousand. So it just eased off a little bit just relax. Well, Friday for Christyx. What do you expect? Plus we got your mkipper coming up on Sunday sundown and we still don't have next week. Schedule, how can that be? It's Friday already. How can we not have this schedule for next week? I want to see how many people turn Jewish on Monday. When I was a K.T. Boy, 100 years ago, air-reduer-challeled, a whole step, even the dark-complexed folks became Jewish. Everybody. Fish was like a ghost town, but you can kind of relate to them. Oh yeah. QAM, where every day is a bus mentality. 960 votes. Danny Marino has got a pair. He just tied James Franco's matter of fact. Who'd you rather have dinner with? Dan Marino or James Franco? I don't know if he's buying. How much of Danny Boy has been bringing some neutral system? Okay, I'll choose him. Some of the good stuff in a box. It is the Lishman. The biggest thing he's always doing best to Alex. The biggest is we your Rogers. For Shreddie of 560. And Marino, where's that? God! Oh! Martha, this is going to be a wonderful meal. I'm perfect. I. Yeah. Oh, hold on. We're going to make salad. Pitchel brushes. You're using spinach. And I want to focus on my salad. Did you hear it? They found a coal-eye-ins finish? Really? That gives a little bit of tip to this delicious salad. And before, Martha, you know where a coal-eye-phone is from? Oh, um, ass. Yeah. And I don't hear that that was beautiful. It is, it looks good, but a delicious, you know, we do, do you? Not normally. Sometimes. But not all the time. Oh, we got some good news for you. And there was a student candy out of it. Just there on CNN. Our good friend, Susan. Mm-hmm. I think there was somebody we liked at CNN. There's one. Police said today they've shot and killed on a QS cop killer after that. Massive two day manhood in Lakeland. They killed in a man. All right. Probably saw his dreadlocks. Is that what it is? Well, another deadlock. Told him to shave him. Ladies and gentlemen, God will be the judge in during this time. Said, Pope County Sheriff, Lady Judd. Swat team members found the suspect in the brush. Ask to see his hand saw gun and shot and killed a suspect with killer deputies. They saw gun. Saw a need to see. Judd said police still not been able to stamp the identity of the man who was shot but expressed confidence that he was their suspect and Thursday's track. What the? They were expressed confidence. They're pretty sure. Their suspect and Thursday's traffic stopped at the result of the death of deputy of Vernon Matthew Matt Williams and his police dog, D.O.E. Hundreds of police were swarming through every square range of thick overgrown Florida woods Friday before the announcement. Police and boy, they were all over this like stick on Greg yesterday. My good and in fact, they still are right now. We're in them. Over 200 officers all night long kept this perimeter. Excellent discipline. They went through. They called and show his hand. He did show his hands. They did what they had to do. Not a being. That's it. Dead. Police insisted they wouldn't rest until they kept to the man whom they suspected. Killing that Sheriff's deputy wouldn't have been during a routine traffic stop. They thought he was involved in our narcotics ring. Williams was a 12 year veteran of the department. Deputy Doug Spire was shot and later expected to make a full recovery. Treated and released at the hospital. We've run dozens of leads to the night judge. Said he's armed. We know he's very dangerous. And Yati Adi Adi. And now he's a beside that. He's also not quite so dangerous anymore. Because he's dead. He liked that. I'd like to. I'd like to. I'd like to. I'd like to. Yesterday we were playing poke salad, Annie. And I turned on the TV after the show. And they were all over this day. Man on and on and on and on. And thank God there's nothing else important going on in a world. You know what? That's what I thought. This must be extremely important in Lakeland, no less. Well, it's going to be a really good talking bubble. Here's where going on about. Oh, you ever been in Lakeland? You have been there. Yes. Yeah. Oh, they're talking about the kind of town it is, you know. And I said that Josh, your court is used to live for close to there. It's like, you know, close to Tampa. Now, I'm sure that you were familiar with Lakeland. Haven't lived in, uh, I've actually been there. I played there. Lakeland high school when I was going to high school. I'm saying with what? I played their team in sports. Wow. Lakeland high. Yeah. Anyway, getting out of that. I don't want to talk about Lakeland anymore. I said what I had to say yesterday about it. And I rest my case, man. It's like an outdoor trailer park. The whole town is just, uh, Yahoo's. In fact, uh, I think Lakeland is kind of like the epitome is Edward Murrow would say of what Florida's all about. Lakeland, two egg. You want to know what Florida's really all about? Outside, of course, the South Florida. Where the odd people live. We don't forget where odd. Where the odd peoples. Speaking of odd, Democratic Senator Bill Nelson leads odd challenge or camp in Harris by 18 points in the new pool. She has got a Chinmans chance in hell. Nelson leads Harris 53 to 35% according to the Mason Dixon pulling your research in pool. Uh, 10% on the side. 2% wanted to vote for other candidates. Harris is long-trilled. Nelson or campaign been played by initial lack of support from party leaders staff, uh, the affections, but she's cut Nelson's lead by 10 points. He wasn't hit like, uh, by about 100 points. Not only 18. For boost likely came from a decisive primary victory over three relatively unknown political newcomers. Yadi Adiad. But his lead hasn't dip a low 15 points. She hasn't got any chance. Even a dead person could do better than, uh, Catherine Harris. And by the way, speed of that don't get on that plane sweetheart. 995 votes. We're going to have a thousand any second now. Any second and James Franco still only got two. Thank the Lord. Even Danny Murrow passed Jimmy up. Jimmy Franco. My good close Jewish buddy. And speaking of polls. I don't want to like you too politically or it's only the 29th of September. It won't make it too moldy. Medical. The latest zombie poll. I like the story that we had yesterday, which haven't only was well, you know, it's human nature. You believe whatever polls tend to bear out what you hope happens. You know what I'm saying? In other words, if you want to leave them in the loose, you believe this poll today. If you want them to win, you believe the one yesterday. The latest zombie poll show Connecticut Senator Julie, where many leading democratic primary winner nettle amount by only two points, low within the margin of error, according to raw story and does not be people. Julie, where many leading democratic nettle amount never again in the latest poll is now well within the marginary reports. The Wall Street Journal in its website, the anxious right-wing Wall Street Journal. Leigh Roman running his independence in losing the democratic primary was 10 points hit of Leigh Mon August immediately after the primary. Now he's just gone to two points. Law of Republican Arthur Slesinger, that's the gambling government's existence third. According to the Wall Street Journal, Leigh Roman is angered as part of a supportally rack. Warsaw was stepped up as criticism of the war strategy and execution by leteching the notion that the U.S. had said a timeline for a pullout when it doubtful about. Leigh Mon leads among Connecticut's women voters, though he trails the government badly among men to report continues. Earlier, they were at that macho thing, you know, you ever seen about any more macho than Julie, women for crying out loud? I don't know who's going to want macho. Hammer, Susan Collins. Some of these is neck can hold his neck. I've never seen her speak Susan Collins. Not that I recall. He's like a parody of herself. Why nie and wimpy and silly, just a silly person. Anyway, earlier yesterday, the pull connected by Quinnipiacsib, I'll leave Roman was in head by 10 points over the month. So he's either head by 10 points or two points, maybe by no points, but he knows. God knows. God only knows. Police say, oh, one's didn't attempt suicide. What do you think? He didn't. Josh? No, definitely not. Tell you that. He just wanted some attention. Is that what it was? That's it. He's a police of class. And when you listen, you might learn something. Okay, yeah, I'm hearing something. You might be a dangerous. Oh, my god. I know everything I want to know about him. And what is that? That he's black. I don't know more. So, Rachel, you're more than I want to know about him. Even like, start with that macho stuff. That he exists. I'll set it in a macho with soon, by the way. You know, I've set the area to the pouring over the stories on 100 different websites. And I said, I had it written down here, Senator Machaca, what's? I just said, here roaring out loud. Good thing nobody saw it. I don't know. All alone. Yeah, I'd like that. Just laughing my ass off. Senator Machaca, what's it? It's got a good ring that was, doesn't it? I guess I only want to stick over that. Senator Machaca, what's it? Anyway, now that's police have testified terrible in cases. And actually that'll overdose not attempted suicide. Closing their investigation yesterday of the cover, we see this hospitalization he's going to play this weekend I believe. How can he play he's got that broken hand? Well, whatever he's going to do. He'll do whatever he wants to do. How's that? Dallas Police, David Kunkill, said he's got great confidence in the original office of report, which said rescue workers were called on the scene because of an attempted suicide by prescription plane medication. The police document also said a friend described it once as being depressed. And that no one said yes when asked whether he was trying to harm himself. Yes. The report in my opinion reflects what the officers were told represents their best interpretation of what happened. Kunkill said at that big news conference yesterday, but that doesn't mean it's the definitive account. Like all these situations we're dealing with incomplete information in fact that change. O1 said Wednesday him is stately mixed the pain killers for broken hand with supplements he ordinarily takes. Cousin him to become groggy while at home Tuesday evening. His publicist Kim Ezraj was with him and didn't like what he saw. Especially when she also discovered an empty bottle of peels. She called 9-11 and O1s was taken by ambulance to an emergency room. Within two hours of the hospital release Wednesday morning O1s was catching passes of team headquarters. He went through a full practice Thursday. His first-sense breaking his right hand September 17th and might play against the Tennessee Titans on Sunday. If the thing heals in time, in time, is still simple to say heals in time. Oh man, between Phil Sims and Tim Mcarver. God, can we fight an old twin hole and just put them both on the seat and to fry their ass together? Kunkill said it is news conference that O1s and O3s were welcome to file a report against the officers if they believe anyone acted inappropriately. There's no reason for the officers to do anything inappropriate he said. The authorities could not immediately be reached for response to the voice mail on her cell phone with school and she didn't respond to emails from the AMP. There are, you know, story changes they refer to. And the other bottom line to the whole thing? What's that? Who gives a flyin? The biggest thing you've stopped the best talent to be this is the real Roger S. Force Radio 560. All the crappy can unwrap all the slime all the time. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Florence you'ers! Welcome home. Thank you. Goodbye,he streams out! The Endzone My Time Is Still They Are,한번 is in There's Yeah không The Endzone. The Endzone The Endzone The Endzone masculineанные Sigh, Liberty Storm Wrapped Around There, They won't forget it. The boys are back to cloud, the boys are going down. I can't deploy the back to cloud, the boys and down are down. That's what she's always been hanging around. This ego is around. The boys are back to cloud, the boys are going down. To be a worse problem, 14 to 11 at 560 WCM, we got a thousand and some odd votes on the pool. They're odd all right, a thousand 27. I apologize for the fact that this pool is going to be under all weekend long. It's not one of our favorites. But too bad. It's a poll. And it was good enough for Forbes Magazine. It's good enough for us. Who is your most trusted celebrity? None. 327. I hate this pool. 132 almost 13% hated like poison. Easy to understand. George Clooney 76, Michael Zayfax 63. George Carl in 57. He wasn't even on our yesterday. We put him on it this morning. Look at that. He is zooming up there. I told you. Can I tell you that old philosopher? Time hangs 56. Ron Howard 55. I thought a Lawrence was the old philosopher. Who? Chicken Echo Tiger. Morgan Freeman 53. Susan Surrand in 39. What about Tim Robbins? We don't want to put him on there? Okay. Then remember that Chouille Strap? Bobbin was Robin? Absolutely. Bob and on Robyn. Susan Surrand in 39. Rachel Ray 35. Oprah 29. Oh, she is so trusted. James Earl Jones 28. He's got balls of size and elephant. Mel Gibson 22. Well, there's only one reason for that. Oh, hey. James found 18 16. Then's a Washington 16. Reese with his school nine. I want to find school with a kid named Bob with his school. And what? Nothing happened. Okay. We should do. Then Reno is six Sean Penn five six. Whatever it holds says there. James Franco is still got two. Me and some other queen. And Tim Robbins is just one on. We don't have any boy. You're quick with that. Wow. Out of a 131 votes. We are quick over it. Just mention Tim Robbins. He went under fancier than basketball. Then 47 a QM. We got mad. We got the Hurray Cains with a big game this weekend against the girls team. And the dolphins have got a big game. Although we aren't carrying it. Of course. We don't want to lose all that money. We got a big game against Houston as well. All the Houston girls teams all the time. Wouldn't that be something if the Hurray Cains lost tomorrow? Oh, my goodness. That would be, I think, the end of the world as we know it. Now, let's see. Why does it say the game is on Power 96? Oh, I see. Because we got the Marlon game on QM. That's right. Wow. Thank you. I'm in Houston on Power 96 tomorrow afternoon. Although we have all the festivities earlier right here on QM. Make no mistake about that. There'll be Joe Zagaki and all those other great broadcasts just behind a pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, you know. I'm sure even clients will probably be on there in the beast. All those other U.M. Silly people. Molly Ivins writes, hey, be as corpus RIP. 1215 to 2006. She said with a smoke stroke of his pen, President Bush has said to wipe out a safeguard against the illegal imprisonment that's endured as a cornerstone of legal justice. Since the magna carda, she says, oh dear, I'm sure he didn't mean it. In Illinois sixth congressional district, long represented by Henry Hide, Republican candidate Peter Ross Damic uses Democratic opponent Tammy Duckworth, obtaining to cut and run on Iraq. Duckworth is a former Army major in chopper pilot who lost both legs in Iraq after a helicopter got hit by an RPG. I just couldn't believe he would say that to me, said Duckworth, who lost an artificial legs and uses a cane. Every election's like a producer submuncer, but how do you apologize for that one? Cut and run my ass. The legislative approval out of that remark is that he'd taint he bill now being passed by Congress. We love it, this is so much worse than even that pathetic view reached last Thursday between the White House and Republican senators John Warner John McHanellan's a Graham. The White House has since re-insured a number of technical fixes that were the point of punitive compromise, it leaves the president with a power to decide who is an enemy combatant. This bill is not a national security issue. This is about torturing helpless human beings without any proof that they are our enemies. The rest is could be considered if we knew the administration would use the power with enormous care and thoughtfulness, but if he over 700 prisoners sent a gitmo, only 10 have ever been formally charged with anything. Among other things, the bill is a CYA cover you asked for torture of the innocent heads already taking place. Vent by torture by Americans was first reported in 2003 in the New York Times article by Carlotta Gaul, the military had announced the prisoner died of a heart attack when Gaul saw the deaths of the Gith. Written in English, an issue by the military said the cause of death was homicide. The so-called heart attack came after he had been beaten so often on the legs that he had basically been topified, according to the coroner. The story of why and how it took the time so long to print this information as in a current edition of the Columbia Journalism Review. The press in general has been late and slow in reporting torture, so very few Americans have any idea of how far it's spread. As it's often true in hierarchical top-down institutions, the orders get passed on of what I called the downward communications exaggerations spiral. For example, on a newspaper a top editor may remark casually that, let's give the new mayor a chance to see what it can do before we start attacking him. This gets passed on as, don't touch the mayor unless he really screws up, and it ultimately arrives that the report level is, we can't see anything they give about the mayor. The version of the detainee bill now in the Senate not only undoes much of the McCain-Worn agreeer work, but is actually much worse than the administration's first proposal. In one change, the original compromise language said a suspect had the right to examine a respond to all evidence units against him. The three senators said the clause was necessary to avoid secret trials. The bill now has dropped the word examined not only respond to. Another change, a clause said that evidence obtained outside the U.S. could be admitted in court, even if it had been gathered without a search warrant. But the bill now drops the words outside the U.S. which means prosecutor is going to ignore mercenal standings on warrants. The bill also expands the definition of a non-lawful enemy combatant to cover anyone who's purposely and materially supported hostilities against the U.S. quick to find purposely and materially. One person's already been charged with aiding terrorists because he sold a satellite TV package that includes the Hezbollah network. The bill simply revolves a suspect's right to town to his detention and court. This is a rule all that goes back to the Magna Carta in 1215. That pretty much leaves the barn to orphan. As Vladimir Bukaski is the Soviet-Fist and a wrote, an intelligence service freed in torture soon, he generates into a playground for sedists. But not unbridled sedism, you'll believe that the compromise took the out-the-words-permitting interrogation involving severe pain and substituted serious pain, which is defined as bodily injury that involves extreme physical pain. In July 2003, George Borset in a speech, the U.S. is committed to worldwide elimination of torture and we are leading this fight by example. Freedom from torture is an innaniel-enable human right, yet torture continues to be practiced around the world by rogue regimes whose cool methods and act their determination to crush the human spirit, said Bush. Fellow citizens, this bill throws out League of Unmoral Restrainses, the present deems at necessary, these are fundamental principles of basic decency as well as law. I'd like to support in this evil bill as spare me one affliction. Do not praise pretend to be shocked by the consequences of this legislation and do not pretend to be shocked when the world begins comparing us to the Nazis. Says Malyan. The Nazis, how do you like that? Uh huh. What we've heard that before. Greg says, that's not great. Read, thank God. No, there's a fact. Would you please let me know if you guys are still impressed with your flavor wave ovens. And the answer is, absolutely. Yes. He's twice a week at least, uh, night before last. I use it almost every day. Chicken, steak, uh, right for it. Since I'm consuming order and want to find your recommendation, absolutely do it. How about adding Thai Domey for today's poll? Oh, I'm sure his wife would vote for him. Yeah, Thai Domey. Great show is always his Greg. Thank you so much, Greg. Get yourself that flavor wave. It's outstanding. And mine just keeps fuf you can write along. You know, I mean, sooner or later that you've probably had to replace that, um, the bulb. Yeah, I remember saying you were going to do that. I'll just let you know when it goes out. Why said I was going to do it for you? I was going to get you the new bulb. Yeah, you offer. No problem. I can handle it. Had a big day of wood buying on Wednesday, mine. Of course, I could have a bad day there tomorrow. You could all back, but I kind of doubt that it's a great oven. It comes with three bulbs for life. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, right. If Josh gets it. Well, seriously, we all have one and we all love it. And what's not to like? I mean, it's just, uh, you know, I use it every day. And how can you, how can you take like a frozen steak and cook it in the microwave? Can't do it. Right. Can't cook a steak in the microwave. But you have to be a moron. But you can take something from frozen. That's the most amazing thing about the flavor wave. See, that may be going to do an commercial for it now. The flavor wave, the lux, just Google it, man. It'll even get you. Good deal on it. I'm the internet, Josh. It's especially for the replacement bulbs. I think. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Memory like a steel trap when it comes to freebies. He's in the right business. I'll tell you that. Because that's all we're all about. Is getting all the freebies we can. Free meals, free, whatever. I'll be did not get the flavor wave for free. Or my B. Bulls toss me either. My low car pasta. Did I? No, didn't give me for free. Spend a lot of money on it. Yeah. I got tons of it. Me too. About 1,000 and 56 were in good stuff too. Yeah. 1,000, 56 goes in. Tim Robbins doesn't have any. How do you like that? Even Danny Moreno's got eight. It's good things James Franco's still only got a pair. And of course people will say, oh, that's so old. Faggotty voted for James Franco because, well, I don't trust any celebrities anyway. So, well, he, you know, I trust him as much as any of the rest of you. Sure. Right? I would say if this list of people, he's the only one on his whole list that I covered. You know what I mean by that? I don't even mean by that. I'm right. But I read the Bible. There's nobody else on this crowd that I even dream of coveting. Except maybe the lovely James Earl Jones, but I don't think so. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. Isn't that something because he's got a big ballsy voice? And if he missed yesterday, we had the results of that. That's what inspired me to do this to put us full. The Forbes magazine pool. They had a list of 1500 celebrities. I would like to get that whole list. He was on the bottom. James Franco was on the bottom of Arlesso far. He's on the bottom of the pool. But anyway, their number one was Tom Hanks, followed by Rachel Ray, Michael J. Fox, Oprah, James Earl Jones, Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Reese with this boom, Ron Howard, the Lopey. They trust him a lot. You might be too trust his ass. He's better readhead. And so, what a, oh, never trust a redhead. The biggest thing stuff that's talent. Long live Crazy Me, Roger. This is for Shredio 560. This is the Neil Roger show. Rock solid. This is a blame. Oh, what a little bit of a ruck. Any questions? Tonight on ABC's, Spine Time Live. First, we wrote the fun show that Paula Abdul had an affair with a former contestant on American Idol. Now, comes the really bizarre truth. Corey wasn't the only one that surprised Paula Abdul. Had an affair with William Hanks? Oh, is this true? There's something in front of you. Why? I didn't tell you to say no. Well, how did it start? What did he say? Hi, I'm William Hanks. I'm Paul. And how did he come onto you? The ancient brown. And he did it. The ancient brown. Really? James Brown. And what did you think? The red and stuff. The yellow and all. And how was the sex? So hard. I had a time room on stairs. And you can have your family's family's family's family's family's family's family's family's? Really? Well, William, what did you think of Paula? She was. She was. Wow. I like the fact that I was. Okay. Okay, alright. We'll leave you to a room and get back to you whatever disgusting thing you were doing. We'll give the full story tonight on prime time live on ABC. I think about it. And I love story. Good. But if you're as well, can't sing. It's 11.025. Let's hear our Phillips. Oh, no. That's not a cure for us. It's another bumble hit. Uh, information. Principal of Casino B. Wisconsin School Shopify former student. She shot this morning by former student. You came into the school. Had all kinds of weapons, not sure the nature of the. All kinds of weapons. That's the American F. and Wade. Maybe isn't it? Crazy people with guns and mosquitoes. All kinds of things. AK47s, right? AKS? Altic conquer 47. That's right. Like once you got in sunrise lakes. Oh, thousands, 76 votes on a pool will be over a little bit. I'm pretty soon. This is this pool's week. But in my, in my, disappoint. People trust the celebrities because they are celebrities. That's the bottom line. Sure. They see them. They think they know them like a thing you said. Right. That's correct. Because you see somebody in there for you assumed that, oh, yeah. We know what kind of person. No, you don't. No, you don't. They also listen like the guy. I'm a, you're important. They think they're that character. Like whatever. Yeah, they're like robbing. You know, robbing. In Batman. Oh, that robbing. That robbing. Now what that was his last name, Robin? Did he have a last name? Ha ha ha. Character, the actor. Oh, come on. Grace. This thing I don't know. Bird Ward, decoration. And I know that. And Bruce Wayne. What kind of a guy's name? Bruce anyway. I wonder what's a sleeping race. This were in Wayne Manor. I wonder in what manner they, yeah. And anyway. They robbing. I'm sure Josh is concerned about that. Because he, it was a big, big mansion, you know. And you know, damn well that their bedrooms were very far apart. I wonder how Alfred slips at the foot of the bed. Oh, I can wrestle a report to about today is going to show now convicted lobbyist Jack Abram often as associates had far more sense of contacts with the White House than President Bush's staff ever acknowledged. He was a bunk club buddy, kind of like Batman and Robin. And they did a lot of bobbin. Is that a thing like on a sewing machine, the bobbin? There is a bobbin. It is a machine. Sure. Bobbs. That's it really. There's a lot of other parts that we probably can't stand the area. No. Report to the Republican-led House government affairs committee will state that Abram off had as many as 450 contacts with the White House and prime among his lobbying targets was former White House political director, Ken Millman and Bush's adviser Carl Roe. But they didn't know him at all. But you know, tell like Jack Ruby and Dallas, they didn't know him. Millman is now chairman of the Republican National Committee, which issued this statement in response to the report. In his capacity as political director of the White House, it is not unusual that Mr. Millman would be in contact with supporters who had interest in administration policy to which we say, we're right. Investigations based on a detailed examination of the building records in the emails of the committee we see from Abraham and his associates, which indicated far more extensive contacts than investigators who were led to believe in the past, between the lobbyists in both the White House and the Republican National Committee. It also presents circumstantial evidence that Abramoff was able to have some action taken on behalf of his clients and details offers from Abraham off and his associates of dinners, and the Council took him to other meals and drinks to White House officials. After Abramoff publicly illegal lobbying officials at the White House said they barely knew him a Jack we barely knew you and all they knew was what they read in the newspapers. This report finds 450 contacts with White House officials including nine with a president's teeth political adviser, the U.S. Carl Roe. It also shows that Abraham Off-Friended you 20 people hired in the administration, but only successfully once the White House says what his demonstration that Abraham Off was seen earlier on successful as a lobbyist even though he is trying very, very hard. It remains to be seen if the re-instances of illegal lobbying and if the alleged doctor to White House officials of Council took its meals at several highlighted the gift ban. Abramoff and his business partner Adam Kadanboath told him to conspiracy and were fraud in March each sense to five years and ten months in federal prison, Abraham Off-Sense will begin November 15. Eight days after election day by the way. I just mentioned that in the next. So anyway the guy in the Lakeland is dead they shot his ass dead the evil doer the dreadlock guy. So maybe six on the pool and Tim Robbins has got. Oh man he's old news man who don't even know about him anymore right right. I mean he's sure any one of my favorite Robbins. What? We're just talking about Robbins so it's for sure my mind man. Always for sure my mind. I'll bet especially with those green tights. Good guys. Terrorists fear LD Ablo. All right there's something for you. How about the chupal capital today fear him to? They must. Maybe George Bush is the chupal cabra. George's W. Bush allegedly served him in Texas air national guard during Vietnam war rights theory vans on the smurfling chimp. First, and once again we know it is because Commander in Chief Bush aka LD Ablo is doing a finds out of protecting the borders of America while striking fear to the hearts of those wannabe terrorists. We're fighting them in Iraq so we don't have to fight them here. Meanwhile they're bidding and biting their time, I'll hoping for the Wimpy Cutton run Democrats to take back the federal government. Islamophashes don't mind waiting. A man was reasonably spotted in Arizona City Park, slapping his arms wildly, hopping around in one leg while screeching at the top of his lungs. A police minute erupted the earth, pectoral last to man what he was doing. The officer said to rain fell a lot of something about his ritual keeping wild elephants today. The policeman informed a man that there were no wild elephants within thousands of miles of Arizona. The man said, see it's working. And determined to stay the course he resumed his ritual. What does he try to say about our shareless leader? There's how he deem. We want peace and democracy. The problem is that this administration and Republican Party in generally is not in truthful about what's going on. How so? Well, you know that. Also, which is the 16 major intelligence agent, the United States government came out last week with a report that said Iraq, the Iraq War has made terrible worse around the country. There's seven countries, and I, then they leaked their own version of it. The truth is, the president has never been truthful about Iraq. About anything, right? Police is consistent anyway. Oh, here's some bad news from Baghdad, and this isn't just about all these bodies that they keep finding every day either. A $75 dollar project ability, largest police academy in Iraq has been so grossly mismanaged that the campus, not the campus, not poses health risk to recruits, and might need to be partially demolished, US investigators are found. How's that school coming by the way? I need a chance you didn't around. I've never had before. I have a chance to work or what. What I say as school, as whatever hell it is, and I've never had a good medical attention to school. The Japanese building. I think it's more than that because the plow is not every day. The Baghdad Police College held as crucial US efforts to bear Iraqis to take control of the country security was so poorly constructed that feces and urine rain from the ceilings in student barracks. It's not rain in men, it's rain in well. Flores heat on the South of the ground, a cracked apart watered river so profusely in one room that it was called the rain forest. This is the most essential civil security project in the country and it's a failure since towards W. Bowen, Jr., and the Special Inspector General for Iraq reconstruction and independent office created by Congress. He said the Baghdad Police Academy is a disaster. The master of disaster driven by bug deal more in the fourth race at the anchors. Bowen's office plans to release a 21-page report next Thursday, detailing the most alarming problems with the facility. Even in a 21-billion-dollar reconstruction effort that's been marked by cases of corruption and fraud, failures in training and housing or refugee security forces are especially significant because of their effect on what US military has called its primary mission here to prepare Iraqi police and soldiers so that Americans can be part. Someday, some year, some century, some decade. Several investigators said the Inspector General's findings raised serious questions about whether the US Army Corps of Engineers' failed Alexa-sized effective oversight over the Baghdad Police College or reconstruction programs across Iraq, despite charging taxpayers' management fees of at least four and a half percent of the total project cost. The Corps of Engineers said Wednesday that it's initiated a wide range of investigations in the Police Academy project. Feeces and Uran are reigning from the ceilings. The report serves as the latest indictment of Parsons Corps of US construction giant that was awarded a billion dollars for a variety of reconstruction projects across Iraq. After chronicling previous Parsons' failures to probably build health clinics, prisons and hospitals, the ones that he now plans to connect an audit of every Parsons project. Oh, the Allen Parsons project. The truth needs to be told about it now, you're going to play. I know you're going to play it. There's no question in my mind. I could play it a lot of it, but I'll play it yourself. Oh, I love that. You'll fly in a sky. The truth needs to be told about what we need to get for our dollar from Parsons' goal and said a scoteman for Parsons of the company hadn't seen the Inspector General's report. Right, and it goes on a great length about what a bunch of gypsy scams and thieves they are. Kind of like Halibur. All these billions of dollars that are being strengthened out of your pocket. But hey, that's why that pulls a good idea to one I was sending this morning. About if you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on any of whatever good idea. And it is a great pull. In fact, maybe that'll be a good one on Monday. You never know. And what are what how a dean thinks? And the Republicans have taken this country. And I think they're real for us. But I do admire the way they know how to win elections and we need to get our ourselves. See, he misgoked it. What he meant to say is he marries the way they know how to steal elections. And whatever price he used to know how to do that many for God, then the Republicans said, oh, we got a better idea. Look at 100 votes even, right on the pool, and Tim Robbins still has got the big nothing. Is it pretty due to a span? And you've got to remember Tim Robbins? Who? Get out of here. He's just running. Yeah, he has a good idea. What's all this that movie he was in that we liked so much? Which one? It's been a few other life. Huh? The player? Was that it? Well, I don't know if you saw that one. You know, I just not if I thought I know you didn't see that one because that has a won't be goldberg in line. The one where he faked give the shot and the whole of the alert the end and got elected. And what was that was the name of an eye for again? What's Susan's remaining, I believe? What you better go to Robbins and Robbins? I'm going to go with all the very petty like that. Hold on. The 50's name. Hold on. Hold on. The 50's name. The 40's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 30's name. Obviously the 40's name. Oh Richard Clark and Alden tells the people said that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get in London and paying close for apparently anybody has since. And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is reach a car's findings and you know it's not true. It's just not true. That's after 1118 at 5.60 he did not have sex with that woman, Ms. Liminski, whatever hell her name was, that cow. Now listen, Bob Roberts was a good movie too with Tim Robbins and Gorvid All was in it. Don't think that's odd. He played paste, he's a little pasty, old and pasty. Also you know for the poll? I'm crazy in this region back. How about Martin Schene? Okay, from the senior officer. When you say? Absolutely. You know, Martin Schene. I say, Paul Littler, what kind of guy? 1118 at 5.60 that's the funny part about this poll is that somebody like Michael J. Fox, you consider him, maybe I'm missing something somewhere but you consider him like in any way political or like, you know? He made those speeches about stem cell research. Remember because he's got the Parkinson's. Yeah, that's real. Yeah, you know, whatever. He went up, you know, in front of Congress and shook at them. That's bad. Oliver Stone says, I'm a shame from my country. There could be a shame about some of those bad movies you've made all day agree. Phil Maker Oliver Stone blasted President George W. Bush yesterday saying he said America back 10 years. So lamented the D.A. So Tom's O.D. H.E. what are you talking about, senior? Stone added that he's a shame from my country with the war in Iraq and the US policies and response to the attacks of September 11. We've destroyed the world and name of security stole George journalist at the San Sebastian International Film Festival prior to a screening of his latest movie, World Trade Center. The film tells the true story of the survival and rescue of two policemen who were trapped in the rubble world, World Trade Center and on 11 after they went to help people escape. From September 12 on the attacks were politicized and polarizing the entire world said Stone, it's a shame because it's a waste of energy to see that the entire world five years later is still convulsed in the grip of 9.11. What do you think about that, Mayor? We're convulsed. I'm convulsing right now, kind of like Michael J. Fox. But you could have taken on him for granted a lot. It's bad. It's a bad place. They should have been taken on a poor Janet Reno who was in the right place. He would take out a shaky pizza. It's a waste of energy away from things that do matter which is poverty, death, disease, the planet itself and fixing things in our own home is rather than fighting wars with others. Mr. Bush has said America back 10 years. Maybe more said Stone. The director of blockbuster such as Platoon and JFK said the US Raster of the attacks was out of proportion. If they're good, a better sense of proportion if we had a leadership that was more mature he said, we didn't fight back in the same way the British thought the IRA or the Spanish government thought the Basics. Terrorism is a manageable action it can be lived with said Stone. Still rejected allegations that US authorities may have noted about the attacks in advance and said the real conspiracy came afterward. I think that conspiracy, Monde Reon, on 11 is a waste of time he said the far greater conspiracy occurred after 9.11 when basically a neocabal inside the government hijacked policy and went to war. That was his broad conspiracies we can get in it was about 20 or 30. But 30, man. People. That's all they took over and all these books are coming out and they're pointing out to its stone. All these books are coming out. The war on Iraq is a disaster. I'm disgraced. I'm ashamed for my country. I'm also ashamed that America has attacked itself with its constitutional breakdowns. I'm deeply ashamed. Not just ashamed like kind of like pedestrian nordinary ashamed, but deeply ashamed. All the way down to his bowels. A new S-favorist stone posthum that it's not responsible for all the world of problems. You can't see that the U.S. is responsible for all the evil in the world because you can see so many dictators and so many beast you'll ask all over the world now. There's something in the human heart. The international human heart that is evil said stone. There we go with those evil doers again. That's the evil that turns its mind and ears on humanity is able to say, I can kill a person in the name of God or religion. This is not a human being. This is a fanatic. And I fear that fanaticism is to be a result of our overreaction in 9.11 said stone. Yeah, before 9.11 we never had any religious fanaticism and we never had anybody showing other people in the name of religion. No judge. You're fairly person. 1127 votes on the pool. Martin Shee went on there immediately. Oh, got nothing. Tim Robbins finally got a vote after you mentioned bull. What did you say, bullshmitt? Olderum? Bob Roberts? Bullshmitt. Tim Roberts has one. James Freikos got three now. Well, I guess we'll have to split. I'll take from the armpits up. How's that? To be on the safe side. He's got a good hit on the shoulders. Sean Tan's got seven. I'm going from the bottom up. Reads with his spoons got nine. She's married to, what's his name? Ryan Philippe. You know who she's married to. No jealous. I'm a hogellin. You're not. You can't stand her. He's a hogellin. He's a hogellin. And what is it? Oh, and by the way, Al Pacino is a one who spoke like, you're always making fun of the way. Why don't we? Like that. When he was auditioned for the grandfather, I saw his bio on a bio. I don't know. I don't know. I'm so glad I saw a cramp. I was going to crash. You got to bring that. Talk like a normal person. He was going to crash. He did not talk like that. What do I do? No, we did not. I thought the good damn talking. I thought that that. Yeah, I thought that. Well, maybe he'll bring it back for his next look. Smash. Dan Marino 10. They love you, Danny Boy. Just stay the hell away. Then's a Washington 17. Jane Fonda's got 18. Hanoi Jane. How do you like that? Mel Gibson 25. That's a good thing. I never thought about that. That could be it. Maybe. As the Pope says, it is as it was. Who did that Pope think he was? He was a Robert Cronkite. James Earl Jones 32. Oprah's got 35. How's that? Now, we don't have any women listening. Maybe we've got 35. You think there isn't any man in the world. Anyway, man, we're going to otherwise it would say they trust Oprah. Right? And he'll be not going to find one. Now, who had admitted? Rachel Ray 37, Susan Surman in 41. Ron Howard 56. I wonder if Anthony, a trust OPY. Morgan Freeman 59. Tom Hanks 61. He won the Forbes full. But he's a. He's down in a little bit of an hour. He's down. Michael's a 56. George Carlton from nowhere is moving toward the top. 75. He's going to pass George Clooney like he's laying prone. Any ought to be. George Clooney. What's he got 85? I hate this pull 144, 12.6%. And none. Way up ahead. 354. 31% of you say we don't trust any celebrity. Good for you. Good thinking. What's all the know about these people? Maybe they stink. Maybe they have bad hygiene. What do you know? Right? Right. But like you said, everybody thinks they know him because of a role they played in a movie. A role they play on. I told you that character. That's right. Or like a role they play on a soap opera. That's the worst part. When he soap opera people come on. He's different shows. They talk about their experiences like out in shopping malls, out in public. And people call them by the name of the character. And if they play an evil person on the soap opera, they're like, how come you're such a nasty yell, whatever bitch like that? They don't know. Like Howard Beal once said, you know, you're the real thing. Were the illusion? Does anybody said when he went through that ramble? You said, Ericko. Yeah. And that was just after Josh Colossal. Shame about that. I think everybody ought to be forced to watch. I'm a man of hell. I don't think I can't have anymore. Oh, listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. Says, turn off. Right in the middle of the city. No, it's me. So the best. Tell us to the faces. We owe Roger's. Force radio 560 issue. Amen. You. God. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. Oh my. Oh? hearing you dizzy. Hey, there are kids on board. I'll give you a difference. We're public. You go back a volunteer. I'm not a DJ. I'm not a DJ. I'm. I'm. I have to admit that bad will not good will but interact in a random got bad will because they're evil doors you do understand that love is really want to kill me hold us we got James Franco's got for now i don't know how we divide them up in four pieces living fifty seven i mean it's good not a control on a wire they vote for James Franco they would know James Franco's commercial american because i said it because i've got it for you know monkey see monkey do you want leave him alone i'm taking the head from the uh... shoulders up ok the white housing nor did urgent warning in September 2003 from a top orac adviser who said that thousands of of additional american troops were desperately needed to call the insurgency there and that new book by bobbert were is what it says the Washington Post report or not there the book is coming out monday by the way state of denial the book describes a white house ribbon by this function and division over the war the warning is described in state of noss scheduled for publication monday by salmon and chusier the book says president pushes the devices were often odds among themselves and sometimes were barely unspeaking terms but shared a tendency to dismiss as two pessimistic assessments from american commanders and others about the situation in a rack as late as November 2003 mr. bush's quoted a saying of the situation in a rack i don't want anybody in the cabinet to say it's an insurgency i don't think we are there yet i love this line in this story from the times it says the book bob by reporter for the orc times at retail price and advanced of its official release uh... i was supposed to be proud of them actually went out and paid retail for it as a part of it a free review copy and that great are we proud think they can handle it secretary is the fence dollar on stollies described as disengaged from the nuts in both of occupying and reconstructing a rack attacks that was initially supposed to be under the direction of the pentagon and being so hostile to a connoeles arrived in the national security adviser the president bush had a tell him to return her phone calls the hostility between her long-term remstore the connoelesa the american commander for the middle east general john abazade is reported to a visitor to his headquarters in gutter with the fall of 2005 that rumsfield doesn't have any credibility any more to make a public case for the american strategy for victory in a rack mr. woodward writes it as book is based on an abuse of president bush's national security team their deputies and other senior and keep players in the administration responsible for the military the diplomacy and the intelligence on our rack robber deep black will then top orac advise around the national security council was said to a vicious diswarning about the need for more troops in a lengthy memorandum sent to his rice the books says mr. black will's memorandum concluded that more ground troops preface many is forty thousand more were desperately needed it says that mr. black will and Paul bremard the turret then the top american official on later brief miswrizen steven hadley heard at the about the pressing need for more troops during his secure teleconference from a rack it says the white house did nothing in response the book describes a deep fisher between coal and pal mr. bush's first secretary state in rumsfeld when pal was eased out after the 2004 lessons he told Andrew card the white house chief of staff that if i go down should go refering to mr. rumsfeld mr. card then made a concerted effort to outrumsfeld at the end of 2005 according to the book but was overworld by president bush who feared it would disrupt the coming Iraqi elections in the operations at the pedagogy chainy is described as a man so determined to find proof of his plan about weapons and management struck in Iraq then in the summer 2003 his age were calling the chief weapons inspector david k with specific satellite coordinates as the sites of possible weapons none resulted in any finds and goes on at length got to get that book on monday and course in the one by the sweetale price in the bookstore all the way by the way by the way by the way by the way by the way by the way by the way by the way by the why i mean who the hell's gonna send me a free copy of it nobody think about woodwards going to stop by and wrap on off of the doorstep here i can't doubt it he could stop by and wrap off to the friend goes ahead from the shoulders up let hundred sixty four votes martin she finally got a vote and milk hibison's got twenty five and that's something when she like to be uh fly on the wall and see where those twenty five votes are coming from done who is her most trusted celebrity is a stupid pool and that's why none is what in the hands down none i hate this pool between the two of them got like 43 percent that good it's great well i mean it's not really good from the standpoint of what is a really crappy pool but at least in all these they give them a right answers in some cases like George cloney i mean my god what's not to like with George cloney knows great movies he made mm-hmm like that's syria and piece of crap and then of course good night and good luck oh my god you were so right about that i would i could have saved an hour and a half of my eyesight but it's tragic because uh you know it's under the should have been the entertaining so the people well he always entertaining and not so much entertaining but educational information was the on the biography channel they had more biography which was like you know for real as they say and then that network is real supposed to the crap movie George cloney man he's just i don't know what the big deal is with him does he look good no he boring he's terrible he's almost as boring as Kevin costume not now that's a real shot nobody's that boring but he's close he's certainly in the league he's in the year in the top 10 of boringness that's a good toll for one day next week the most boring celebrities can we done that i don't think so we'll Kevin costume sure is how the long's though yeah in George cloney who are some other ones call in peril who anybody from american idol right in the press over a hundred laptops missing from the department of homeland security just the headline is amusing isn't it is there a little bit of irony in that headline little bit according to the website fcw.com the government accountability or physicist found that over a hundred the prominent home-line security laptops are missing and thought to have been stolen the computers were more than 300 grand were purchased by fema and the wake of hurricane Katrina three computers purchased by the co-starter also missing and presumed stolen by the way can you like that a weight control environment and break down's in key controls of the department of homeland security vulnerable to fraud and abuse states to report prepared with the participation of the dhs's office of inspector general missing and presumed stolen hundred department of homeland security laptops let me just just think about how amusing that is how secure we are what a big fat joke a big fat freaking joke the whole thing it but nevertheless very important stuff you do know that though it's a good god mad dog coming up to clock from who does in the finds go but it gets smashed so we can't for crying out loud right power hour with hankin in mad dog four to five and then it says hank is in the or city between five and seven man he must be going to make one hell of a fast trip similar is going to do it by long distance now how does that work when they're like two people on the get in one of them is like twelve hundred miles away from the other one i don't like magic i did that you know try that Sunday uh hank's on between five and seven from New York now what what's the deal in New York what's going on there do we know anything about why he's there i don't just go to the OPTB to plunge his guts out i don't know what that's all about oh find out for you now we got a lot of sign important okay it's not a lot of it is important why is that i don't know just on it more than a decade seven or more than the philies at seven thirty five would you say that came important now but it's a game it's on the skin really got three left with the philies this weekend and then that's it and then the george rard gets fired and everybody says oh my god we didn't know he was going to get fired what's that all about they did so well you know and then we got any can't to the marlin to the game that get out of the ball game man now the hurricane's their game is at the Houston right well it's here like i said they had the marley of dolphins whoever they are there games in Houston that's right i'm sorry so what's there or that's right i heard can't be in both this morning talking about how they're going to be like 20,000 people there maybe what's that be embarrassing just because they're playing little girls team plus of course they started one and two so who the hell wants to see the hurricane's at me okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay were you brunch back and we still want you you we now it's not 45 i'm just a google the most boring celebrities and i can't find it you know what i mean hmm they don't have that here's what i said for eniston is the most boring celebrity ever okay i was on the same i do love her in the yadiyati adiyati and i don't care if she's boring i would hop on her bones and whatever else but i just i don't know it's still gonna take a little more reason why this is a fact by the way it's just so you know so but looking on the field since you are the only celebrity that i trust could you please put yourself on the pole oh it's trusted celebrity i'm a celebrity like you are rocket scientist oh physicist so this is so you just an ask kissing thing okay let me take a baking soda rocket thank you so very much for the kissy kissy but no thanks by the way Hank is in the York for like some horse race what are our time i know it i know it how do you like that what are the generate my kind of guy tudge in his guts out some kind of horse race i wouldn't be surprised if he's on tv tomorrow like on a spnra bc or both of them well do we know what race it is it's the um i'll be down to find him well you like i don't need to do with me no i said you know they're about to tell me i said no i'll know get out of here what is it the woodman moral yeah i would man i don't know what race is any of what i don't care i'm saying i really don't care third by racing leaves me to limp any sport where it takes it takes longer for them to get the horses and the starting gate than this for the race to run to me that's it's terminal you know oh my god the stuff that they they can have to go through that proves how dumb horses are by the way you know school those horses in the starting gate over and over and over again you know thinking that if they do it enough times they'll realize that they're just supposed to go in there and that means that they're gonna you know they got to jockey under back they're gonna run a race and that's the way worse no even some of the veteran race horses man they carry on behind a gate and they patched your run and they jump up in the air and they throw the jockey on it you know of course i guess if you had like a hundred pounds and you're back you probably get a little less less to a little bit all depending on who it was Doug Thompson's got a company but you didn't know that good new that I just discovered it Doug Thompson from capital hill blue wooder and a nail his ass right to a cross and burn it we want to be there to see it seduced by a domineering mistress called politics is the headline on this column he says i robbed a moist in March first 81 and when i thought then would be a two year sabbatical from journalism i wanted to spend a couple years learning government and the political system from the inside such knowledge i thought would help me become a better journalist at least that was the plan when i reported for my job as press secretary the illimer republican congressman Paul finley vericades didn't block the rabbi's of the house office buildings early west capital and visitors didn't pass your mentally technical to see their government in action finley a moderate republican from an agricultural district had achieved seven order writing from meeting with p.l.o. chairman yes or error fart energy the white house recognized the right for a Palestinian state that's generated a lot of opposition from the jewish lobby and finley barely survived a tough election in eighty i covered that race as a reporter not to unless the offered me a job but the stifling structured style of finley's office didn't pay with my more free-winning persona as a former reporter calmness i clashed off of the congressman's bureaucratic chief of staff within a few months i was talking to newspapers again about returning to my chosen profession earlier than planned then christherstie and comment director of the national republican congressional committee asked me to meet with any mayeed the legendary geopi political consultant homony and town felt led to parties rebuilding effort after the debacle's of britian mix in a water may he asked me to join a campaign of congressman manny louhan of ne Mexico a five-term republican who barely survived the strong election challenge in eighty i java and if you would land to place over several classes of scotch at the capital hill club somewhere during the course of the evening he offered nice said to the job in january of eighty two i was in ne Mexico finding that louhan's more relaxed style the no hold bar politics of the state provided just a kind of adrenaline worse than makes politics so addictive i quickly mastered the skills of a political operative willing to bend the rules because winning was the only measure of success on it is covered that louhan his ancestors emigrated new Mexico from the spain had never carried the spanish speaking south valley of albuquerque because of a most of her democrats i engineered an independent expenditure campaign by local car dealer that flooded the south valley with door cards we can be for the election the car's curator photo of louhan's opponent blan here blue eyed jane harkey and i didn't spanish how do you pronounce harkey in spanish the answer green go louhan carried the south valley in the election during eighty two i met chuk bayley then deputy chairman of the republican national committee i want to be as related to jack bayley from burden downs and he signed me on for contract work writing campaign with rechir for g o p races are the time the eighty two elections ended in louhan one i was hit deep in politics the nr c c recruited me to service chief of a lot of staff for freshman g o p congressman also less me to work for the orientation for rancher members of congress in eighty four elections i served as a contract field consultant for the nr c c and wrote the daily voices for victory report for the ragan bush campaign under contract with republican national committee i'm reputations a country or operative voted to take chances grew in one race i said out of campaign brochure with the elistid home phone number of an incumbent democrat and as voters to call them and complain about his votes i told another candidate that is speaking for the ordinance was so weak that if you've been up there masturbating your hand would be asleep so naturally i was invited to join the faculty of the american campaign academy a shadow republican operation to train campaign managers and press our contours and lectures to a spyron campaign managers and press secretary's i taught students to do anything to predict their candidate to lie if necessary and find ways to circumvent the rules winning i taught them was the only acceptable outcome that was the attitude in style that made me successful in the political arena in any five every turn to capital hill this time is special assistant to the ranking republican member louhan on a house science and technology committee for the next three years i traveled extensively both the masterly international and committee business and enjoyed the good life as a senior level house staffer but the itch of politics remained and may he recruited me to work for return corning c.e.o. armory health and first run for congress 86 howton one of the thought of returning the interesting but mostly zid a life of a committee staffer didn't hold much appeal after the election the national association of reorders came calling with the offer to run the independent expenditures campaign shortly after joining the real here is the trade association of eight hundred thousand members reorganized and i became vice president political programs with overall responsibility for their political funding operation including what was in the largest p.a. pack political action committee in the country running a path that matches out in contributions in virtually every house in center race and buys entire tables at major fundraising events as a heavy experience news papers and journalism became a distant memory lost in lifestyle six figure in comes large expensive accounts and the far-to-influenced elections with your checkbook my willingness to bend the rules carried over in the work with the realtors i will need promoted the organizations myth that most people by the homes because they can deduct mortgage interest on the income taxes a fact cognitive and by the reality that the u.s. at the time ranked third in per capita home ownership training two other countries that did not allow mortgage interest deductibility i was given millions on ad campaigns and promoted realtor issues that were self-serving even if opposed to threat to the economy of others the only thing that mattered were gains for the special interest group that employed me and some shreds of the journalist remained at the end of question why it become i drank to bury the doubts but it wasn't enough after five years of realtor's reorganized and they used the opportunity to walk away with a nice sevens package still i wasn't mean from politics i spent ninety two raising pack funds for go pack the political organization of new kingwich also worked the GOP convention in Houston that year the drinking and doubts about what i was doing for living increased and i finally crashed under the load ninety four during my recovery my old political guru any may he came calling again his political consulting firm had by that time morphed into a more strategic business communications operation the handle crisis situations other matters for companies in the summer of ninety four hours on a plane to my antenna help echo bay mines of dimmer with a due diligence study on a prospective gold mining operation i would spend much of the next two years traveling around the world for echo bay in other clients also return part time to journalism starting capital hill blue and october 94 and taking freelance writing and photo assignments for more services national publications i live for us with political work came in ninety nine when the any may he company signed on to help the for my republicans tried regain control the state legislature the campaign centered on GOP opposition to civil unions when i saw the homophobic material of republicans plan to use the campaign it's sick and me i have to add the campaign with it the beginning of the beginning of the end of my involvement with any of his partner le dana lee the any may he company leader merged with law firm and washington i refrailt a return full time to journalism i've been i began to spend more more time at a far more old in south western virginia mountains in 2004 we've got additional property in a home there sold our home in the western suburb of arlington virginia and left Washington for good i return i once a year to speak to the Washington Center for politics and journalism the plan to be a sabbatical from journalism turned it more than a decade we spent 23 years in washington the money the adrenaline russian power politics seduced me without question i made a lot of money in the money gives us a good quality of life now i love the action that i regret made the things i did while working in sad political system the self-loathing contributed i'm sure to my alcoholism a disease you find prevalent in political circles with twelve years three months and twenty three days of sobriety under my belt i can look back at my years in politics and be truly ashamed of what i did and the name of a political party in its social services the irony is that while a work for republicans and ever was one i wasn't instill a not anything i've been independent on my life and have never registered for any party or voter district ticket those years in politics allowed me to better understand why things happen in politics and the government that the political system controls it's a corrupt system driven by greed and lust for power it's a system that must be changed if america is to survive i'm ashamed now me the things that is a political operative and will do anything to help bring about the change that's needed i was part of the problem now i hope to be part of the solution that's your boy dog Thompson great i'd like that's rich in all those things about the i did not especially working for all those republicans but nevertheless never too late to start learning and i'm saying right like you said three power they're all much of course i'm just trying to say and we got twelve hundred one votes like that the feasting so that's how i'm doing this the rotors force radio five sixty five fifty gold steam the cooking going down the when i'm in town i listen to wait a minute i am in town it's the twelve to one hour stop you could brook my engine just that you're making some giant at home well i'm gonna show you what a thick ass and i was to your hand hop you got to get my somebody put it up but oh my thinking pants amazing i'm not sure i love to be coming back and i'm sorry if you said we could look rid of it come direct but you want to know what will say if i'm shutting that transmitted it out why that's easy it's you You We're going to be in the show. They told me to give it a slap. Are you going to go play with me? I'm going to play with you. I'm going to play with you. Twelve or one in five, six, if you can. It'll ever be like old times again. You can be sure that. You know what? Thank you, Lord. So I can say for that. Wow. So here's a little bit more. Not much more. And that's shooting. Of course, it's another shooting in another school in America. Casinobie was constant, a principal was shot today in a role was constant school, a suspect was taken in the custody. I didn't say before that it was a former student at the school. It doesn't even say that here now. Since all the children have wished in school where we reported safe, the principal was apparently shot several times, but his condition was not immediate. But if he was shot several times, he'd probably be ill and wouldn't think. Right. Probably the 90 votes on the full amendment were going to make something a day before to a clock. We're going to really do it. We're going to make like a child liver. Just in time for your own kipper, baby, don't forget, eat some good traves Sunday night, after Sunday. I will. If you want to insure that you have a burn in hell with beels above and of course don't forget L.D. Ablo and the true photographer. All of these are all of these things. When you hear this, I mean, not that I really care, but it just, I just become overwhelmed with this crap, with this swirl. Maybe you can explain this to me. All right. Reality TV star and an accomplishment that changed vows with boyfriend Howard K. Stearn on a boat near Nassau, but there was no formal marriage in the ceremonies not legally binding. Returny Michael Scott said today. All right. Then her kid just died? Yeah. You'll find this a little bit of timing to be a little bit peculiar. Sure. Oh, I thought maybe it was just me. Nope. The exchange of eyes to a place aboard a catamaran yesterday. 18 days after Smith's 20-year-old son Daniel, that is he was visiting her to Nassau hospital where she'd given birth to a baby girl. The couple exchanged vows before God. That's still God. But did not obtain a marriage license, got to the associate of press. Stearn said, he's the father of the baby of the 38-year-old former playboy playmate. And next boy friend is disagreed. Everybody wants to be that kid's daddy. The 38-year-old former playboy playmate it says again for the second sense in a row. And it's been mourning the death of her son. Well, obviously she's in deep morning. She sold the pictures. It was pictures for what? About $8,700 to the tabloids. Right. And now she's getting married. Today's earlier her daughter was born to the same hospital where he died. She married Bill Smith in 1985 giving birth to Daniel before divorcing two years later. She would text his oil-tight, coonj Howard Marshall the second in 94 when she was 26 and he was a mere 89. He died the following year. She has since been involved in legal disputes over the estate. There is absolutely no question in my mind it was true love. Authorities in the Bahamas were waiting their own toxicology results and a police report on Daniel Smith's death to determine whether a jury inquest is necessary. So he hasn't even buried yet until he changed vows with Howard Stern. Anybody really, we should be really care about this story? No, not really. Just say this one. Right. Once a slut always a slut. Right. And who the hell cares about that bitch anyway? Not me. Two votes from Martin and Shane he's in last place and Jimmy Franco's got four. Wow. Get that pizza clockjoy. You know what I'm saying? Four different things on it? Speaking of that, speaking of food, this story is, well I can vouch for this. It's enough to make me crazy. If you want to write my mental state is the way it is. Why? I slow teens who drank the most sugary softer. I don't drink sugary softer. I sure can simply be a sugar. Sure. Who drank the most sugary softer is also had more mental health problems such as have right to the end of stress. A courtaway Norwegian report yesterday. Weedon. The study of more than 5,000 Norwegian 15 and 16 year olds on on Tom Mark Foley, Hillmont Pictures. Show a clear and direct association between soft drink intake and hyperactivity and a more complex link with other mental and behavioral disorders. They surveyed the students asking them how many fizzy soft drinks with sugar they had a day and then questions from a standard questionnaire used to assess mental health. The teens have reported skipping breakfast and lunch were among the heaviest soft drink consumers. Dr. Lars Leane and colleagues at the University of Oslo found. There was a strong association between soft drink consumption and mental health problems among oslo-tenth graders. They wrote in their report. Publicity is an American year to look public health. The association reminds significant after adjustment for social, behavioral, and food-related disorders. Most of the students said they drank anywhere between 1 and 6 servings of soft drinks per week. Oh yeah, right. One can per week? Even duck can do better than that. Those who drank no soft drinks at all were more likely than moderate drinkers to have mental health problems of a searcher said. But those who drank the most more than 6 servings of week had the highest scores. They were doing the Greg Routin, a read routine, rocking a monorone. For a hyperactivity there was a direct linear relationship. The more so does a teen drink. The most systems of hyperactivity here she had. He she. So quick drink and I'm sure the way soft drinks baby sugar will dry and not so it will kill you. That's why people like it. It says good so hyper. That's why those little kids are like bouncing off the wall. Because of all those damn sugar and bread for sure as you people are free in your little kid. That's poison. Absolutely poison and I think it what I love the most is frosted flakes. Oh yeah. I could eat a whole not just a whole regular little box but you know those family style boxes like the one now Goldstein brought out that day remember that right in one time for a family of 10 and was eaten a cereal right on the box. Jesus water cow. I could do the same frosted flakes. In fact it's a day and good thing for a more wasn't frosted place you brought into that I would have grabbed that box right out of the sand and stole and steal it. Man. And you talk about addictive. You can't eat only one box. Just keep shoving it down. And it's just it's pure sugar. Nothing much sugar. That's why if you feed your kids all those sugar referrals man they're going to go nuts. They're going to bounce off the walls. They're going to do horrible things. And they're going to want to go to school and shoot the principal stuff like that. When you think or grow dreadlocks and shoot cops. There you go. Or just eat a lot of locks and bagels on your own kipper right after sundown. That whole business man. Just all the trappings and all the crappings and all the pomp and ceremony and circumstances. And it's part of the whole indoctrination process. Like the people crossing themselves. Where did I just see was it a jockey? I just saw it was it a ball for her. I don't know. Somebody just saw it. Yes. And this is maybe one of vomit. Huh? What is that supposed to do? In other words, the jockey who the jockey said don't cross themselves. They have a less chance to win because if you're crossing yourself. God has got to cross the finish line. God's placing bets on the most from. Now I see David from. Well there's a real piece of turd. Speaking of turds, art will imitate celebrity life on NBC's law and order. In an episode that begins filming this week, Chevy Chase guest stars as the TV celebrity whose views religious empathetic after being a pull over by police for drunk driving. The episode title in Vino Veritas is scheduled where November 3rd. Although there are similarities between the episode and not Gibson's recent legal troubles. A spokesman from NBC noted that the long-running law and drama series is completely fiction. Chase 62 is a member of what we know about that and we know about this candy shack. And we remember who he used to be very funny. Long ago, Gibson's latest film of Pocka Looker was slated for release in December. This is a crazy person. Okay? Yep. Too much booze. Too much hate. Congratulations. That's right. Speaking of that, speaking of good old hate. According to her many interviews, I've said their homies and registered as refugees in the past seven months that are released yesterday shows. A minute of upsurge in violence that is accompanied to Ramadan Holy Month. Oh, it's a holy month. Let's go about, you know what? This is the best idea. And of course, your emkippers come and have sundae sundae sundae sundae. So all of the religions have their holy holidays, their holy months. Any time it's a holy month, the best thing to do is go out and kill some people. That's right. Gotta like you better. The Caterium killing continued in Baghdad, where police said they found the body of 40 victims, bound tortured murdered in the last 24 hours. Kill some people. The US is violence in Iraq has surged in lies to weeks within this week, counted in the most suicide bounds of any week since the war began in 2003. When a counter-sizzards Ramadan, it's time to kill so people. That's it. The US forces predicted a surge in violence with Ramadan and a proven right so far, with bombings and clashes, mildings and suly Muslims began observing the holy month on Saturday. On Shavas. The registered refugee figure showed 40,000 families, 240,000 people claiming assistance up from 27,000 families in July. The figures did not include an uncounted number of Iraqis who moved, wholen without claiming aid. The reason for this increases that the security situation in some provinces is, deteriorated considerably, forcing people to leave their homes in fear for their lives, and migration ministry spokesman Satar Nohruz. Ramadan, yeah. So how are they? It's time to woo, woo put up. Like when they all slept too, where is it to go to Mecca? Oh, ain't Piddney. Sure. Was it last year or the year before at this time of Ramadan that they had that, Evelyn's about, you know, that thing would have last year? A little bit of a stand-pid last year, a whole bunch of people died like a lot. Oh, bunch. I think if you die in a religious standpoint though, you got to have them. Are you a straight ahead man? You got to, you got to go straight down any good of heat pass. Well, look at that. Look at these matter here. Attention of the Russian servicemen both sides. Wait, wait a second. This to escalate further. But it might. Passions always seem to run high when it comes to relations between Russia and Georgia. And this is proving no exception. Already the Russian embassy in Tbilisi has stopped issuing visas to Georgia. I'm not sure if they're an entry, they don't like them coming because they're all. Speak in a Russian, Georgia. Come 130 in votes on the pool. 12 minutes passed and we got mad dog at you too. We got a lot of heavy do these stuff this weekend. But if I don't not be as depressing as somebody's visa weekends man, like two weekends ago when a hurricane's lost at a embarrassing game. And then when the dolphins got their asses kicked by buffalo ball people. And then last week, just speak by a little girls team. If that would be a much better weekend this weekend. Am I right? Uh-huh. Or what? You're going to be really cursed. You're going to be really cursed down there. And we'll end the blur in the exercises, which part, where she was tinkling on the floor and the priest was playing on the piano. You're going to die up there. That's right. Speaking of that, speaking of I'm dying over here, it's time to took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparation. Don't wait until the big blow has come in last minute and then say, oh, I better do some because it's usually too late. The good thing is the hurricane shut about that manufacturers easy to use, a accordion shutters. And now they even provide expert in slicing for you too if you need. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. They feature roll downs according to in panels too. Just like the hurricane shut around the customer. Make even install shutters for you. Call them right now, 9-5-4-237-7083. And get yourself on a way to top notch protection for this and for hurricane seasons for years to come. The hurricane shut around the family on the upper right of their license and shirt and they would rather than pump each county approved as well. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specs and ready for pickup delivery or they'll even install them for you too. Like I said, the public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted. And if you mentioned my name, tell them that old Neil told you to call or set your buy. They'll give you a hundred bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet. The hurricane shut around the kitchen so prepared for a long nasty. We've got a long way to go season. Call 9-5-4-237-7083. You're just long under their website. Hurricane Shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. The hurricane shutter Outlet.com. Music Welcome to library show. WIOD, oh I hate that station. Attention Scingles cambiar. You arutay method. Do you longless, companion that's only interest-making reports just like you? Well, by now, you should know any chances of dating women. So, how about a man friend? Sports State, the dating service for men who are only comfortable with other men who talk about and can keep their eyes off other men But insist they are straight can help bring together sport-hold fanatics that have the same fetishes you Can you his my friend? We listen to all sports radio all day and go to college basketball game Sure for somebody else Yeah, we do And I dress them up like the football player and four of bucket of water on them like the golden shower to make them sweaty Thank you sports state Let sports date tell few who find your dream date call now Oh 1,800 women are following to me. That's 1,800 Look my arm did. Hey guess what George Collins zoomed ahead of a George Clooney. Thank god like that 100th is River George Carlin and 91 for the very boring George Clooney A lot of great facts from our good friend Kathy from Detroit Dick pertains friend. Although I notice Kathy writes Facts to George Perez and the arangers Yeah, George Perez Hey And then anyway, that's close enough. Do you know they actually say Zed here? Yeah, 20. No, it's not it's a terrible climb Bursting embrace sure it's a terrible Anyway, Kathy says I was thinking you last now while sitting in Norma Kent's traffic We're waiting to throw myself at his mercy be proceedings. We're almost as funny as your show And he dismissed both my tickets by the way I did not mention your name till after he did that well, Kathy, you can always hold it reserve You don't understand? He says I was supposed to plot a mechigan August with stops in Detroit and beaver island But health concerns kept me in South Florida hope you're well Don't get listen to the show to wuff in these days, but think of you finally best you both Kathy and ps how about then Panthers? Yeah, that looks like I was one hell of a crowd for that Trashing as you talk about last night kind of a bad start. They were down to nothing and the panthers just kicked their ass Man the pathetic black hogs six or three. I saw a little bit of that. I was looking for some fans in the stands didn't see too many Hope we negative now We negative you get out in the what's his name all upset a gallon colon and his brother Marty Now this talk about idiots man. I'm not necessarily seeing Alan Cohen necessarily Mark Cuban even Josh would know who that is. It's an idiot Okay, you like him sometimes I do when you won't like him now you're right Video there investor and dot com veteran mark Cuban at harsh words for you Cube the online set that lets people share video clips saying only a moron would purchase the wildly popular start up How do you like that we love you? You right for the time being What do you mean by that? Oh, who knows what it's going to be you know everything changes now Cuban co-founder of 18 at an owner of NBA's Dallas Mavericks and got a moth like a toilet Also said yesterday that you Cube would eventually be sued into oblivion because of copyright violations They're just breaking the law Cuban told a group of advertisers in New York the only reason hasn't been sued yet It's because there's nobody with big money to sue you But based in San Mateo California specializes in serving up short videos created by everyday people like Her slimy family still would say everyday people you got that I don't know it You got it? It's popularity with more than a hundred million video showing daily has spurred speculation the firm will be sold or taken public There you go Slide the family stone baby and you you do this and I do that I should be doing by the way Jimmy Francis He's got four he's got four all the reason I was little suspicious about him isn't that movie You know he gets it in the end. I mean to you the movie even Josh saw that he died in the end I shouldn't say that the runes would for you, but I mean Obviously the three evil terms they're all dead. That's right everybody died. Now they were slashing and heaving and Just all kinds of crap going on. They were heaving well You'd be even two of our button guts around you But anyways, as you Cheers come under scrutiny because usually often post copyrighted material including music videos produced by well established artists You Cube represented as an item easily available to respond to Cubans comments Cubans said anyone who buys that is a moron because of potential lawsuits from copyright violations Yeah, there is a reason they haven't gone public. They haven't sold it because they're gonna be toasted He said he assaults start off to Yahoo and can comp you serve you Cube which has nearly a third of the US web video audience three times that of Google and twice that of news corp charts my space It's been working on signing licensing deals with music companies and TV never stood sure they're paid when you as his view their content This month you Cube unveiled its first deal of distributed music videos legally from a major music company by agreeing to a deal with water music group Home to pop stars James Bluth and Buddana Another remarks meanwhile the often controversial mark Cuban also told advertisers that the reach of you Cube is limited especially when it comes to user generated videos User generated content snuckling ways, but you want to advertise and tell us spend on the video of Antony watch your release tap dance I just said depends on what Antony and her niece are wearing in the video Somebody put up something really good. You get what 60,000 viewers he added during the event of advertising weekend New York You Now offers ads through banner ads promotions and sponsorships. It says it's a plan to roll out a range of different advertising options over the coming year Cuban class advertisers against investing heavily in so-called viral campaigns that are spread by users beyond their initial point distribution on You Another video sharing sites, but he counted opportunities to run commercials on high definition TV such as his 18 that TV network Oh, what a surprise what makes viral so special is it's hard to do with so hard to play and it's hard to stand out He said describing ninety nine percent of money advertisers spending on viral campaigns is being wasted You guys are going to be the trailing edge Big big mouth, okay. Why do you mind his own business? You know what I mean? I don't know because I have it like you You say excellent resource and we have some of that stuff on our website not that we put it there. You do understand of course We don't have it on our website. We have it on our my space page correct Some of yelping go to jail for everyone else that's right so does everybody in their brother and I was got that crap So what's the big-simmice mark okay pipe down you big mouth scoop bad ball whatever years do bag well or so limited words that we can say 257 most on a poll today. We apologize for not being one of those real really neat polls like yesterday on that's factory, you know Who is your most trusted celebrity none? 383 we don't trust celebrities good for you. I hate this pool another hundred and fifty twelve percent George Carlin has come from nowhere. Thank God. I thought of that this morning How did he come up? We're talking about something I think you said it we were I better get him on the poll you said it not a bad idea and now he's got a hundred and the six he leaves the pack Because he used to be really have you know great years ago used to be sure George 291 Michael's a fox 70 time hang sixty four Morgan Freeman 63 great actor But what do we trust about Morgan Freeman? Ron how I guess if you were taking money out of the ATM and Morgan Freeman was standing behind you at least you wouldn't be nervous So I say if was that guy with dreadlocks from from late in the you see the difference Ron how are 60 students surrender 45 or prayers got 40 that's all the women in our crowd Rachel raised that 40 so there's 80 right there. We had 80 women change those zones 35 Mel Gibson's got 29 Jane upon 18 then's a Washington 18 Dan marinas got 13 honey of my dad Is that just a coincidence you think Josh is that like a symbolic they loved it We'll number 13's got 13 wow Man, let's put Matt Sunday on there. It's you can get 13 just kidding don't put a money Resort this pool 11 Tim Robbins eight Sean Penn seven James Franco's got four and Martin Sheans got two Franco American man I've eaten 20 of that You know what's really good. I don't want to go through it again because you get you get nauseous every time I say it What oh Just in the right room I know and I'm hungry. Thanks you're killing my appetite Franco Americans spaghetti man get a can of a put it in the bowl. You think like pieces of Swiss cheese and you like you know Take a fork and Sh my rod all together on and you put that into micro we've until the cheese all melts into the pasta You know I have a better idea take the Swiss cheese eat it take the can of Franco American and throw it at a cat Man you are so negative. It's just it's terrible Oh, there's it's making a vonegatory and terrifying me the man hunts suspect is over what he's dead Yeah, hope County folks all in and the earth man. What I mean was it's got him being even look like enough standing Citizen to me. I don't know. It's probably a racial thing with their limits to dreadlocks I really wonder about people with dreadlocks you know they like washing every now and then like people with turbines Like I keep saying about some of these in your campgrounds I asked they they do take their turbine off and they watch that they rerolling has your red locks go that is another question I'd like to have the music because I seen some of them dreadlocks and they look awfully squishy to me I don't know I don't think you wash your hair with dreadlocks I think that's how you get them to dreadlocks If I'm not mistaken But you mean the shmuch life I not washing comes it I get it so in other words if you get enough filth in there enough What was that movie with all the ashes falling and we were talking about that I like Hill silent hill now I would imagine that if you started out with like a good long ahead of here after about half an hour in silent hill You have dreadlocks word You think I'm so literally all being I'm not paying any attention to him word word my ass Seriously to the word because I always see that grace much there in people I had dreadlocks And I'm wondering is that is that like dust and stuff in there is a peculiarity over a long period of time And then they walk through silent hill and get all those ashes What is that dust in the wind oh that what it is funny a pass noon 2001 at five six Talk about living in the past Experienced the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompano Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is now under new ownership and brand new management too and Mercedes-Benz of Pompano does matter What time a month you buy the vehicle whether it's the brand new 2007 E-Class there are full on a convertibles or there are large selection of certified for your own cars When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing you with the comparable service a complimentary loader vehicles and complimentary car washes and lots lots more to be sure to browse their indoor expo with over 150 new and use vehicles or click on bendspompano.com on the wicked web Mercedes-Benz of Pompano the orphan every day for you Monday through Friday 9-8 Saturday's 9-6 and of course on Sunday noon to 5 Experienced the difference call 1-800 new bends you'll find a bit i-95 in Coppins Road 1-800 new bends former Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other in the world Friday you best The threat of terrorists smuggling weapons of ordinary airplane is real but only one airline has the solution Newed West Airlines where passengers and crew travel completely naked I used to be afraid to fly but thanks to new west the only thing that scares me now is getting my seat belt securely fastened Newed West knows you can't smuggle anything on a plane when you're buck naked Yeah, I'd like to see some geod nut job try to sneak a stick of dynamite on a new west flight Nobody's that committed so sit back relax and enjoy the safest planes in the sky And the sexy is right now deflated engines and a young fellow in 158 Talk about snakes that are plane Fly three of feet and pretty of clothing flying new to us 27 to one at five 60 WCM we got 12 vote 1270 will have all over 13 or about one o'clock by 1300 and over 14 under by All right, what happened if we stayed until midnight? Well, that's not tri-trap Trap lot. Oh boy, what a jackass remember with the pompom girly who famous is suggested the US wouldn't have all these problems had strong Therman-deluxe and president 1948 said yesterday that the religious differences among your rackies makes the conflict very difficult for him to understand It's hard for Americans all of us including me to understand what's wrong with these people. He said why do they kill people other religions because of religion Why do they hate these religions? It's fine. They're right to exist. Why do they hate each other? Why do so many skills she writes? How do they tell the difference? Here comes the ticker. They all look the same to me. Oh Yeah, you said might sure do Woo, we'd be by the head year. Can you tell him apart? Speaking shortly after meeting with president portion vice president and cheney Well, I'm right in line with our full today. Here's another one another survey and guess what magazine it is. I'll give you 85 guesses begins with F Fordwerves Forbes ranks celebrity power. This isn't who do you trust that was yesterday? In whatever first interview since giving birth may 2017 to daughter Shrival Angelina Jolie says the more children I have the more I feel It's my duty to indicate for women and children developing countries Jolie who also has a son Maddics for an daughter Sahara one Graces to cover a four-day will power this to the hundred hottest movie stars Usesions and athletes understands today, but she's not number one in fact You tied number 35 with Jennifer Ayniston the S1 from Shardos Daddy Brad Pitt. Oh, here we go with Brand Jolie again Oh, look at that It's a youthful strategy because then everything is working In the expectation of a of a fixed that line in which the insurance It's kissing your head in a box. That looks like one of those things you see back at the you know That's a circus cardival at the carnival ride. I mean you stick your head there went foot on a stump body. That's what that was man If he isn't dead yet, he sure ought to be anyway this list Tom Cruise takes the list top honor all my god The reason is look at it. This was dated June 16 Okay, his look at a 67 million dollar back in deal for war the world's Uh, Pitt is the only other solar microphone at the top 20. You want to hear some of these on the list? Cheo won it. I've only got like 87 of them. All right Tom Cruise number one and then they show you the pay in million 67 rolling stones 90 million I wonder what period of time that's for Oprah 225 million U-2 110 million Tiger Woods 90 million Athletic that says I thought he played golf. Athlete my ass Number six Steven steel for a steelberg triven 32 million Howard Stern triven two million What does it say about Howard talking head 50 cent 41 million the cast is a Prano's 52 How can they have like a cast of a whole cast of a show hey? The on-ground 88 Bruce Braestine 55 million number 12 is Donald Trump 44 million Piker Muhammad Ali 55 million Paul McCartney 40 minute George Lucas Elton John David on my first Lucas By the way 235 minute list for him. Phil Nicholson athlete. It says 25 is golf jk Rowling That's that crap 75 minute Brad Pitt 25 minute where he's a real pipe for you Only 25 Tom Cruise 67 and Brad Pitt 25 Peter Jackson director producer Dr. Phil McGraw 22 45 Median he's number 21 list Jay Leno Celine Dion 40 million that bitch made Kobe Bryant Michael Jordan Johnny Death 29 million always like Johnny lot, you know hey Johnny how about a loan sweetheart Jerry sign filled a hundred million No, that's gotta be based on rerun rights or something in it. I bet Simon Cowell 43 million Michael Schumacher 58 million Isn't he is the erase card driver Josh Michael Schumacher. Yeah Tom Hanks 29 million so he's number one on the hit parade and the other one on the celebrity trust the most for the stars earnings He's and the power and only 31 Rush Limbaugh, you know how much he's made about 30 minutes last year 30 minute Thumbs up Washington desperate housewives. They had the whole list on their 14 million. I sure hope they're given it all of my boy there Miguel whatever his name was What's his name Jesse my cat dinner for Aniston and he's only the old since made 40 million There's so far everybody Nicole Kidman the Eagles Eagles made 70 million Rod Stewart and how much money Rod made But turn to man. I don't know what pain millions. I don't know what that means Is that like last year? Can't let you ask you out to over 100. I'm not. I'm not saying hey, he's number 41 shack with 30 But turn man and then you got all the Jessica Simpson by the way 14 million of which Nick's got most of it now He's got his hands on it and the money to Neil diamond. Oh, he's number 47 They've met you. It's been number 51 Tom Brady number 52 29 million a Tommy Ray Romano 34 million periscillten 7 million Ray Romano Adam a standard 29 million. Oh my god jail. Oh 10 million All your kids out there close to show you don't have to have any talent whatsoever man Maria Sharapova 19 million Hallie berries is number 65 Leo to caprio is number 67 made 25 million keep her settled because me skill keys He's number 60 made 23 million Wow Reese with a spoon 75 she made him pulpy nine million bill or Riley made nine million He's number 76 Ditty colms number 79 made 16 million did he Rachel huh did he? Ditty didn't Rachel Ray a six million chef. It says for her, but she's so trusted though Dave should felt fine too many any more can any more Larry the cable die 19 million Regist is number 86 with 21 million boy. He's way down or consuming worse like a hundred jobs Wow and for so many of where you see number 87 shown him eight of coffee 10 million So there you go those are the most I guess and she's not right in terms of how much they made obviously celebrity power Ram's with shower That'd be a good question. What's the liberty would you like to take a shower with besides James Franco? How's Jimmy doing by the way? He's got four votes. We're gonna divide him up just like a pizza pie Get out one of them pie cars. That one of them buskers like I had about painting Martin Shinny's got a couple of votes. We got almost 13 member already. We got 12 98. That's kind of great So best tell us if this is real rocker's for Shreddiel 560 Thank you baby. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news Adam Miller of Utica New York was showing off his new sports car to his girlfriend Cindy McGillan Cindy was thrilled at the speed of the new car Adam said if I do a hundred will you take your clothes off? Sure said Cindy well as Adam got it up to a hundred sure an up Cindy peeled off all her clothes I'm able to keep his eyes on the road Adam Skidded off the road and flipped the car over Then they could girl was thrown clear But Adam was jam beneath the steering wheel going get help he played it, but I can't said Cindy I'm I'm naked and my clothes are gone take my shoe said Adam and cover yourself Holding the shoe upper her into medaria Cindy ran down the road and found a service station Still holding the shoe between her legs. She played into the service station proprietor. Please help me my boyfriend Adam is stuck The proprietor looked at the shoe and said there's nothing I can do he's in too far Paul Harvey Good day Prop 46 14 to one a QAM here's a fact that says if you like Franco American would melt its wish cheese Try some shift way already many rather early with some melted mozzarella cheese Says let's get George he won't like it. He eats everything to try it. It judges like Mikey and reverse We get George to try it. He eats everything I don't know what's I Mean what's not to like I'll have some lunch and tell her for young people. What do you say Sunday after sundown? God all the giskees all the time all the silly all the bubble my sees speak of that Saudi authorities in those real civilized Saudi Arabians are good democratic friends our buddies Saudi authorities arrested 20 young men after reading is suspected gay wedding in the seven town of Gazon a newspaper reported yesterday at Wednesday The detainees who are among some 400 men attending the wedding party of two men on Tuesday had been emulating women the all-watang news paper said In all some 250 people were detained in the police raid on the party, but the rest related release Police had arrested the one in people and released those web nothing to with the matter the paper code Police commander is saying Some guests were also seeing chewing QAT caught Okay, what an illegal narcotic widely used in neighboring Yemen? It's a yaman no Yemen on a hill above the square where the party was being held al-Watang said homosexuality is illegal in conservative Saudi Arabia which meets out strict punishments based on Sharia or Islamic law, if I'm guilty the men will be executed at top top square off of their head Another fact for a lot of fascist today It says don't you like the Pope's new lovely red wide-bremned head he just needs to borrow some tangerine lip gloss from Peter Gravesly read to go I'm sure you better don't make up kit. I'm sure that I'm sure he's got some lovely gloss Yeah, now if you see that spot with Peter Gravesly a guy co-spot? No, but yet heaven no where he says He put on some tangerine lip gloss and open the door and realized who is the lucky schoolman in the world What I don't know I was it's kind of cute all my guys speaking of celebrities joining money You're gonna puke your guts out when you find this when you hear this All though I'm not so sure if you can't stand this one I know you hate Robert Downey Junior like poison. Yeah, although this one reminds me of him a little bit after too much of negotiations two and a half men star Charlie Sheen is close to finalizing a new salary of fact will make him the highest paid comedy star and television today I'll have a travel Charlie. Oh, no sources that sheen will learn about 350 grand per episode this season from the producer of CBS powerhouse Warner Brothers TV this represents a hefty increase from his previous payday in the low six figures Oh, sources and CBS is kicking in some money for the pay rise for sheen as it become common practice for never some high level actor We need to go sheation deals sheen is also known to have a significant profit participation stake in the series now in his fourth season Two and a half man never seen it you see it no Josh never never heard of it The top of the sitcom after pay scale remains the nearly $2 million per episode Ray Romano pulled in for the final season of CBS is everyone loves Rayman and 2014 five I see a little bit of that I hated it. I give them two million just as shut it off She began when negotiating as the evangelical I shortly after one of others entered lucrative deals to sell the indication right to the Should be in broadcasting stations and the FX for cable effective 2010 for two and a half men Speaking of that story from Saudi Arabia American Airlines flight 45 departing Charles de Gaul attend forty a.m. arriving at JFK at one each afternoon is a tourist delight Time just right to avoid late checkout leaving in time for one last drink It says they do may show whatever Who knows this French crap right? I'm not reading that On August 22nd the coach cabin was packed with vacationing we Yorkers Ralph Jackson and David Lysner and seats 21A and V were returning from two weeks in France while Huffa Forbes cross 21 F has stopped over in Paris on his way back from South Africa Huffa assigned to seats 20A and V were George Tick's house Tick a celly that's a Tick a celly intelligence journalist and his Right or boyfriend Stephen Varneyer We've been together only four months to kiss Ellie said last week so I felt like a honeymoon 12 days earlier British police had four of the terrorists plot to blow up airliners Tighten security and delayed the flight five about two hours and passengers by the time they boarded We're ready to relax. I had a Jose Seramago book I was looking forward to reading Lysner said and then I was gonna take some Melatonin have a little nap shortly after take off Barney or not at off leaning his head on Tick a celly a steward is came over to their row the person wants you to stop that she said I opened my eyes and was like stop what been you recall the other day The touching and the kissing Mr. would have said before walking away Just wait kind like that scene where they're on the train in Telled it Mr. Ripley and Matt Damon keeps putting his head on Jude Law's shoulder you know remember that I do Tick a celly and Varneyer were taken a back he could rest his head on my shoulder or the other way around We kissed not kiss just why he recalled making a snacking song Wow And the world behind them were Lysner and Jackson were like two lovers had Lysner who's a classical guitarist Frobs cross a Columbia grad student who was sitting across the aisle had overheard the stewardess to decree two first thing I catch is You have to stop touching each other. He said and I'm like, wow, that's really weird Lysner and Jackson were astounded lean forward to ask if they'd heard correctly When Tick a celly and Varneyer confirmed that they had the four men some of the stewardess has to speak with a person A little bit later the person appeared at road-tone. He was by the accounts common professional to the men's surprise He said she knew nothing about the incident had not instructed the stewardess to tell Tick a celly and Varneyer to stop touching each other Which stewardess was it she asked one of the men put it out these stewardess and woman with that Jackson put a text is here by from the 1960s I'm going to Lysner the person wrote a rise and said oh say no more. I know The person asked him into describe what they've been doing in check now is that the behavior had not been inappropriate Tick a celly and asked the stewardess If the stewardess would have made the request that the kisses had been a man and a woman suddenly Lysner said the person became very rigid contradicting what you told them before she strictly said kissing is inappropriate behavior on an airplane She then said that she was busy with the meal service and promised to come back Have an hour later the first or return this time saying that some passengers had complained about Tick a celly and Varneyer's behavior earlier The men asked more questions who had complained she couldn't say could they have the stewardess's name or employee number? No, with the person arranged for an American Airlines representative to meet them upon lining a JFK not possible Finally the person said that if they didn't drop them at it the flight would be diververted after that Lysner said everyone shut up for a while Maybe an hour later the person approached Tick a celly and said that the cat didn't want to talk to him He went up to the gale and gave the cat in his business card the cat didn't hold Tick a celly that if they didn't stop arguing with the crew He would indeed have hurt the plane. I want you to go back to your seat and behave the rest of the flight and we'll see you in the Yorkie said Tick a celly return to a coach Tim Wagner, a spokesman for Americans said that the stewardess's injunction to the to the men was reasonable and would have been able to the couple was gale or straight Our passengers need to recognize that they're an infirmer with all ages background creeds and races We have an obligation to make as many of them feel as comfortable as possibly said He had an understanding is that the level of affection was more than a quick peck on the cheek It was a quick peck on the while anyway, but a customer service representative named Terry Reef guys to be kind of telephone offer the opinion that kissing on airplanes is indeed permissible Oh, yeah sure I've seen couples who are on honeymoon. She said they just don't want you to go into the bathroom together Well, that's why they have those little tiny bathrooms Kind of tough to do anything in there. That really when one of those pink pants and movies member when Peter cellers had the broken leg Yeah, and was sitting here with his One thing like a broken everything like an all-in-muff on our cell body was in a case And he was trying to do his number and the airplane T-room. I was beautiful 12325 oh it's holy moly rat man. How do you like that and George Carlin is just pulling away 430560 Amiracophacies are great threat Stability and security and our government is doing everything as power to confront and defeat that threat We are expanding and strengthening terrorism these efforts are paying off We have established the terrorists From the mountains of Central Asia to the deserts of the Middle East and from the horn of Africa to the Philippines There is more to do in the next several months suicide bombings the headings and other horrific acts Can and should be accelerated and we're working toward that goal We're doing everything in our power to invite disaster and by staying focused and determined we will prevail Thank you for listening All right Let's abuse some more prisoners Make them scream nice and loud I'll be with you get me some words and a fat tree pat I don't care if they fail my ratches use use use to the torture Because we're just playing their game in the past It has to be worth with the dumb who say Wanna clock at 560 WQ and mr. Maddole will be here at 2 o'clock and then the hump are from New York I was that race. I forgot to google it. Maybe it's the metropolitan handicapped Maybe it's the woodward stakes Maybe it's the I don't know what hell it is. Roll the dice. Yeah, whatever it is something house race in New York And he's gonna be the this weekend to a cover it for the blanket. He's been up to cover it Unless there's a few more than like 18 story Speaking of horse racing Louisville Kentucky. I like that was that a pretty accidental segue or what? That was miracle pretty weak just like my psychic Thing and woodbun on Wednesday. Oh the way. Thank you Kathy. She sent me a five-supportizing for gay money. Well, no big deal Hey, listen mr. Perez Maybe she thought you were kidding to pervert we share for at least a bit of a part Now she's just pissed off because you won't try the Franco Americans forget it with a Swiss season She's right You'd like it. I'm sorry right. Oh, thank you much It is motion is not quite enough as real motion. Why would I eat that one? I could have some good dream field firm pasta That's where he's melted on it. That's a good idea. I had to I think yesterday's matter of fact for launch Can I get back a Louisville police? US Army officials are taking a close look at whether a women and a Kentucky National Guard unit posed nude For pictures with their M16s and other military equipment authorities say a local newspaper reported that I had a Discontaining 232 of the photos which they did not publish and do not find a publish editor in publisher is learned David. Yeah, everybody said. Where now? Let me find them? Andrew Wilson who just though I've actually there gonna be on you cube before long each are hard outmarked human Andrew Wilson discoses existence of this gonna be Louisville courier journal of April editor and publisher came from an anonymous source Always not always the way it is. Did we find out anymore about this principle or what? Stay with CNN will keep you updated and okay This is not the kind of activity condoned by the command leadership of the Kentucky National Guard Lieutenant Colonel Phil Miller A spokesman for the Kentucky Dirt 12 cool them told the newspaper a line-out The allegations were reported the commander the four hundred and tenth quarter master unit a week or so before the company shipped out for rack August 26 from Camp Shelby miss The newspaper reported a compact discontained 232 photos of at least a half of us new than semi-nude women in various poses Will little sir by closing covering their breast with American flag decals and email said a woman photograph or from the Kentucky guard Miller said 1177 soldiers who deployed with a damn bill based unit are women the CD contained the photos was sent to the paper via mail from an anonymous source after doing background checks And some investigating the source was deemed credible when questioned about the photos Wilson added military official did not ask to see them or get a papers copy He assumes therefore that the military has its own copy Several TV outlets have asked the paper to release the photos, but Wilson says we've been asked for it by several TV outlets But obviously haven't given it well when once it got to be on get a 90 share easily. Oh, see you do that or Back I just get spiel he's looking at that bitch It's on clear whether that were the photographs were taken but some of the women are showing wearing dog tags and many photos and probably some of them deservedly and many photos reason in inoculations like those given in preparation for service It brought our visible One woman's photograph partially tied in military uniform her last name is visible on the blouse Side said the Kentucky guard wouldn't confirm whether or woman with that name works in the unit Lieutenant Colonel Rich Steyla is spokesman for the first army of four-gillum Georgia said the At the allegations are proved punishment could range from informal reprimants to court's marshal He said the investigation has been conducted in Iraq Major Dylan's sights a staffler for the Kentucky guard in Frank roots had commanders there don't know how many soldiers allegedly were involved Who took the pictures of where how they were distributed? Marsha Weinstein former second-indirected the Kentucky commission on women said it would be hypocritical the punish women in Valhalla is along his fear male soldiers posting pinf cinder lockers and of the US military flying in female sex symbols to entertain mostly male troops I don't think these women should be court martials. You told the career of your journal Yeah, they ought to get like a some kind of a metal absolutely quartermaster units provide logistics and supply support for other troops It's saying I don't just word of tentative Yeah, I know where you can play Back over This is kind of interesting. I thought movie Reynolds sure our taste is similar My problem is that the right-hand margin. This is chopped off bad So I'm gonna like comfy and fumble. That's okay because it's not like a real serious story It says movie Reynolds sure our taste are similar. You believe that? I guess I got no choice that story says does it sometimes seems like Netflix knows you taste better than your friends You're spouse even you would ask you love it the DVD where I'll say where my new offering the movie for sale That yes by God of your did love now that can tell you what everyone else loves to a new feature Let's you pop in a zip code to find out what's popular anywhere from Anchorage to Kalamazoo to Tennessee to anywhere else Recognized by the post office. You had to take the Netflix folks at their word and it was Got us California based company doesn't give us specific numbers, but it's an entertaining look and taste across the country New Yorkers, perhaps not surprising. We seem to like French films a little about What a lot, but not as much as films about New York while I'm trying to read the in Miami Cuban films I'm not an adolescent so on. You're eating raw and yet an important caveat the geographical location gives you not the top rentals in a particular area Or it gives you the titles people there ordered much more than other Netflix members and so we wanted if I would a straight top Reynolds list what would a straight top for Reynolds list look like a various areas would the same interesting with the same interesting Regional qualities play a rule the answer not so much turns out we all pretty much like the same things And that's what you think crash for example These surprise ask winner about racial straffin L.A. was number one not only in LA, but also One of us we asked in close for Boston, New York City, Billings Montana all day and in Miami and mobile Alabama came in number two crash Mobile's first choice Mr. and Mrs. Smith the film that spawned Brande Alina was in the top three on all lists Except for Boston or came in number five and so on the Johnny Cash by I think walk I walked walk the line was in the top 10 everywhere except Miami Yeah hotel Rwanda about the 1994 genocide in Rwanda was only tapped in everywhere except mobile So in East was million dollar baby and events gone on Wilson buddy comedy wedding crashes were universally popular This is marginally interesting. You don't think it is largely Power to the Caribbean is going to work everywhere says John 5th Ian president of the National Association of Theatre owners of the John and Deb Feeacle. That's the years biggest hit But there are no differences to be statistically relevant family pictures for example Wait a few percentage points better in the middle of the country are ready to fair plays better on the coast Foreign films play better in big cities, but are spreading somewhat foreign films those foreigners The new Netflix features stem from inner internal and turtle research the company was already doing He wouldn't you about the numbers Steve Swasi spokesman for Netflix, but said the week of the list are tabulate using a complex Analyzation of how members add and subtract from their cues Scientific enough to results are often intriguing and show that in many but not all areas We like to watch well ourselves to with this week in Alaska Northern exposure top solicited both Fairbanks and Juno That's the TV series about quirky Scycally Alaska Sicily Scycally Sicily Sicily Yes, I thought that was biotely in the Phoenix people of Kevin costume and why it hurts personalition which featured tombstone Arizona and Washington DC That can be a local drug dealer top solic in Hawaii. It's a film about surfing Staves in Hawaii and Savannah, Georgia Number two is Eastwood's midnight in the garden of Geneva, about the city's infamous murder case in New York City Rick Burns historical series New York top solicies New York stories is up there And it goes on Interesting But nobody in Miami Also line was not nothing that's because we don't have them any Yahoo's redness in Miami, right? Just speaking wish we don't have a lot of redness for most of those big English. That's a drawer was saying right just quoting you That's correctly. Oh the shooter is the student of the school. But it's must be a Wisconsin. Kess and Obey The students from Great Students from in the grades pre-K through eight didn't they say before was a former student of the school they lied through the police arrived and And hear the building they were sent home on school buses the 9 through 12 students were Take into 15 year old student a shot the principals in custody 15 year old kid with a gun, okay Hanswood gun crazy people with guns Etsy Americans way Who's your most trusted celebrity? That's our dumbass poll question today and and spider being dumbass We're gonna have 14 ever hosts by the time we get that out of here to a clock Aren't you impressed? I am medium for peace of crap poll like this well none for 116 Mr 30.7 percent I hate this pool another 157 is another 11.6 percent So there's over 42 percent right there between none and I hate this poll George Carl and who came out of nowhere 124 votes that's because we have a good memory George Clooney 96 Michael J. Fox 71 time hanged 70 Morgan Freeman 66 Ryan Howard 62 Susan survived in 45 Rachel Ray 44 opera 43 But she's not gonna be too happy Rachel's engine her ass out James Rose Jones 35 Mel Gibson 32 Jane Fonda 18 as a Washington 18 Dan Moreno 16 Tim Robbins 13 Reese with his balloons got lucky 13 and she sure got lucky when she married the what's his name Ryan Philippe Lord who's much prettier in she while mine Sean Penn's got eight James Franco still four we still got him divided up into quarters and Martin sheans got only three out of 13 56 I thought she had a problem Martin she ain't no that may just Robert Downey Jr Who you hate like poison with your vocal birthday death guests? I'd like to help him even worse than piano Reeves. Yes. Hey piano You're fairly he's from Toronto by the way you know that can we know I did not well because it's you're that no place in the world is perfect Why the you Hmmobil replicas Manage אבל And that way maybe it's because you come to my knees We ties a shoes and we're gonna see that it's just you I've never tested in cash with, they're all going insane It's a proper moment, they say the folks keep saying All over the village, they're burning at my shoes All the snows and down there, and then it's just you All the snows and down there, and then it's just you Rav, who's silly old queen, would nice to read shoes Speak of that, the Vatican's form, Minister said this way That must understand between cultures is greeting a new barbarism And expressed that the reason and that reason and dialogue with stuff those who use their faces It pretakes for attacks Uh-huh Well, better to be a late learner than ever learned all I guess In a speech on the closing day of the one general assembly's ministerial meeting Giovanni La Holos said, Excuse me, they're far from devout And undermind the very religion they claim to defend Violent reactions are always a falsification of true religion La Holos said, and a passage devoted to the Pope's September 12th speech At Regan's Burgundy and Germany, they got the Muslims all whipped up into a frenzy La Holos suggested the anger may also line like I've understand between religions and a schism between reason and faith Oh yeah How do you just start spiritually? Well, that's why you'd understand the stuff And this will have a little more on the spiritual side If you can just be a little more Jewish And kissy kissy to Israel when all those butchers over there And we'd like you a lot more to bed Wait until you hear this, this is really, this is the most bizarre Really bizarre Color experts Now what papers this is? This is oh the Seattle Times one figures Color experts, do you know that there was such a thing as color experts? Yeah, I guess they're are Including a beanbridge island woman looked into their cups and saw the future It says Seattle clearly has credibility when it comes to coffee What you might not realize is that coffee, rather coffee, giant Starbucks Can claim partial credit for another cultural trend The rich deep brown likely caught over in your closet covering your sofa Even sitting in your flower vase Is that that brindled brown they're talking about? I don't know mid-1990s when Starbucks was popping up everywhere Most people found themselves buying Gland up coffee A color forecaster and banebridge island resident Lee ifrish ismons spotted something else going on She's a color forecaster Ismons executive director of pantone color institute Notice the change in public's attitude Especially among the younger generation To the color dark brown Which previously had an earthy utilitarian reputation As in a dark brown splotch on your pants like that story yesterday Now in word association studies people describe brown as rich And robust as opposed to dirt or earth Or schmutz Ismons thought this was no coincidence Brown coming in a more elegant kind of way can truly be attributed to Starbucks She said, what am I going to put this woman in a padded cell? You really believe this crap? No. She says they literally invented this whole new concept of It's not a cup of coffee, it's espresso Ismons is part of a specialized group of professional forecasters How the invisible force influencing what colors walk down the runway And the shade of paint on your living room walls They spot concrete phenomena such as Starbucks that power a trend And come up with a forecast We get a list and this is important for bright as all day Oh god, I'm going to put that story up Put it in my pocket It's got even a timeline here 1995 to the day brown shows up in an interior is early and still strong today As in this dark brown sectional sofa from ABC home that shows Then 2005 to 2007 rich browns is in these hot chocolate collars What's the L.A.S. collars? Are getting attention and research and supermarkets Are you call us? Forcasters was handed down cover predictions that were treated like Edits home owners are still suffering the after effects of the 1970s era avocado But there's more to what trend than declaring your color it is if And expecting consumers to follow avocado Uff I don't want to eat it. I don't want to look at it The environmental movement for example is fueling greens popularity Forcasters noted the public's tolerance for the shade rose in the 1990s post avocado People have little patience for green and the growing popularity of environmentalism is made They symbolic a green symbolic and more acceptable color Likewise the Starbucks inspired deep bridge brown has cycled through clothes and the home Or through brown cycling through your clothes you better get a bag Now cosmetic line such as Bobby Brown have chocolate collections Bobby Brown You have gotta be kidding That's what it says Hey there people on Bobby Brown To see how the queue is boy and down My car is fast My teeth are shining Until all the girls they can get fly hanging Here I am never paid soup A bread and shop And I'm acting to I got the cheerleader here once they help with my face Well they're doing all the work And maybe they could probably hear Now cosmetic line such as Bobby Brown have chocolate collections All of this is as many as been in the forecasting business for 25 years What do you do for loading all I'm a color for a castor? Demonstrates a color trend with stain power What's a sounding image you says it keeps getting more and more momentum It's getting a big mold The building blocks the color for casting which include pop culture Economics and technology are available A visible everywhere But you have to know where to look It's not mysterious as Deborah Di Boschom A fashion marketing professor with the art institute of Seattle It's an awareness of the mood of the times the essence of the times The zeitgeist of the times They try to figure out where these colors are moving from and where they're moving toward Color prediction as a seven industry took root in this country during WWI Miller is once said the color trends based on the styles emerging from Paris and Germany But with the war they lost their pipeline and latest trends And will in silk manufacturers decided to release their own color for cast This is a whole world that we don't know a thing about The quality pressing Then led to the creation of what became the color association of the US Now one of three main color forecasting groups along with pan tone Color Institute and the color marketing group The groups are made up of professionals for ministries including automotive home-fashed And others who regularly develop predictions and choose colors and palace a year or two in advance The main difference among three is their forecasting methods and different industries depend on different groups But their influence is un-un-deniable Their handy work keeps color modern and streamlines the shopping experience of them all At the opportunity of leadership added to big buck stores Oh, yeah, who does that a nice dark brown car right? Right They call the colors of the world Or shame said you see the pipeline working that way you see colors happening to high in manufacture You're going to see it in target list in a year and continuing to Walmart and came art Eisen was leaving through variety magazine several years ago When a vivid yellow green popped out at her for an ad from the 2000s My animated movie Shrek still in production at the time I left it the color of Shrek and I thought whoa, that's amazing she said The color had been other circulation for years But Eisenman knew that the environmental movement had made green more acceptable And that children are more open to whimsical colors Other factors to see that for her that this was a color to watch Children watch below the films endlessly on video Shrek probably would have a sequel in fact number three is coming up the next year Another movie monsters in catechard is sporting the same green Eisenman felt she had plenty of reason to believe that the movie would be a phenomenon And it would take the color along with it the bright yellow green color per tone to the adult market to his parents When influenced by left their kids watched and started to accept it in their own wardrobes In fact, Georgian Joshua both rest up on yellow green today wouldn't be surprised Four caches are quick to note that their projections are simply guidelines Which consumers in manufacturers will modify The color of association of the West comes up with 24 colors in a fashion forecast Send director Margaret Walsch only a few will turn out to be being sellers But all the colors will be used in some way But obviously the big one now is dark brown So if you have like an accident your pants are say hey I'm a fashion plate I'm making a fancy segment right Huh? You call it runway look Yeah right Of course maybe your fashion statement stinks but that's beside the point We're going to make 14 under votes to there Are you impressed or what on a poll that they obviously have nothing but this this discussed and this taste for 1384 1384 and James Franco is still back there on the bottom Well he's just been a lot of time down there, you know I know what you think and you're so think of anything of the sort anybody I like immediately is get added No, nobody that's not my switchful thinking yeah I could really give a crap less there you go And I'm sure so can you do could he so what's the big deal okay? I thought we can remember that song I can dream can I who did that the coordinates will find out I'm sorry sisters you are gonna have that I can dream can I before you were waiting before you were born I think we're seeing that on the hit pretty sneaky lines and it's not McKinsey you don't have a deal But that's the carpenters yeah Obviously that's not I can't have a little piece of lettuce Have some other Chris we don't Anyway, that's his birthday that have a little have a little hot air on rise Something about what a shame about her, you know And actually I'm gonna show you admit that we like the carpenters even though most of you do like the carpenters And are too much of a bunch of voices to admit it I bet it's a big estate So even my life's the carpenters You'll be your garage for all sports video 560