We'll give you a five-sixth sports fan radio. We realize that there's only really about old three people who want to hear sports all day. Starting this Monday, we've got Gilbert and Lenny Martins from 6 to 10 AM. Only on five-sixth, double-loaf, no way, I am. I want to... I'm so... You're right. I've been with you both. It's the concert of the summer, where you hold a honey chum, home and chum together. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. All the memories. Let's go back to show through. I got bigger things to do. But more is that way, that baby's house has been. We're here to remove. So much is you have stroke. We're the men, Marie. William, are you ready? Come, son, pull us up. Just pull that! Two men! All the men, two men! Two men! Three on the bench with a third people. All right. Well, I don't think about Connie Manch. She may not be good, but she's at least consistent. Everything she's involved in is a total flop. You know what I said? She's flopping on it. Yeah, but she's actually... I asked you what's flopping on top of the piano, and she just... She's a silly big girl. And anyway, that's a good news, man, on the schedule horizon. Look at that. George is going to be on next Tuesday because it's the fourth of July. And a big paid talent like me to work on holidays. Did I make an extra, before I went on vacation? Yes, you did. Fourth of July, that's George. It's all you. It's like that July, which is week from Thursday. We got on Marlon Game. Oh no! We got a cross-thirty while we need to live right. So anyway, I was inspired to take this pool because of my experience in Berlin. Not the one I told you about, but the other one. The other one. The soccer experience? Yeah. Wow. Oh, God. Yeah. And the worst part of it is now that the two friends that I took over there tonight. And that's how they talk about his soccer and his soccer team. Yeah. And Ecuador and Ukraine. But it would be... I can't find. And I actually did force myself to watch some of it. I mean, everybody either of those guis. We did, too. We pretended to care about the, where I would say, Ghana game and it was brutal. Ghana rea, man. Yeah. Yeah. It's so ponderous and just go and talk about diving. That's how they do is just dive. Even in the Olympic swimmers, they never see so much diving. Diving. Oh, gee. You know, holding their riding, their holding their leg. And then all of a sudden, the one guy, they took him off the field in the stretcher. Like 10 seconds later, he comes running back on the field. Just a force. But anyway, that's the world for you. If you wonder whether so many problems in the world just look at that soccer. Our poll today, and then we don't, we don't even have yesterday's poll that you did. Let's do that one. We'll see how much of touch with this amount of practice. Yeah. I wanted to know what the results are. Oh, nine and fifty nine polls. Pretty weak. You'd even get a thousand on a total whole. What did you do? A little around with a poll. I started it at 10. No. That's not good. I would have started my lunch sooner, said that every time I keep, if I pass Eric to poll about three times, I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the fact that I'm going to put on a easy man. When you don't get the facts machine per se, he's going to be a problem in house. I understand he gets his facts on the computer and by the way, Miguel, how about that My space dot com forward slash Neil Gond thing? Which nobody bothered to tell me about tell you told me this morning. A lot of news of QAM. That boy is gone. So I guess not or a fact boy who called me this morning before the show. Hi, Italian. There you go. People keep playing that to keep his memory lingering on. So I guess we take the padlock off the apprised class when they have the candy bars in now. Right. Take that off the food cabinet and write all those other things. Yeah, he was thanking me profusely this morning for everything I did for him, which I have no idea what that is since he never sold my show. But anyway, here's your poll. For the most part, how do you acquire new recorded music? I should have another category and I heard George sends it to me. I got 3600 songs on my iPod. Well, that counts as a copy from a friend. I got my docking station man. I got my dockers for old cochers. I'm a himpton pool almost as hip and cool. So dot dolly. Squares a cardboard box. Yeah, I really am. For the most part, how do you acquire new recorded music? I buy CDs. Oh, God, 324. Why do that sometimes? I buy some CDs. In fact, I would have probably had a buy a lot more of them if I weren't for you. Send me all that good digitized stuff. Wow. There are a lot of things that I'm more of a lot of that. You know, like television and the fact that I'm sitting here talking and people can hear it. Things that are really amazing. But when you actually like download in your iPod, off the digital stuff off your iTunes, and you watch it takes like a half a second for your whole song to go in there. And you watch those little bit like that. I found a note box of tapes that I've made painstaking real time recording song after you know, so that I could play it in the car. I'm thinking God wouldn't send any of that was. Yeah. And here I was from a psychology. We've got managed really something else far out. I've I see these 224. I don't. I don't require new recorded music to 143. Well, what does that mean? That they don't say it again. Take your FM radio and Schmidt candidate. Flush it down the toilet, okay? And all this crap about it. Oh, they just have a thing on CNN where serious wants to buy out XM. Uh huh. So they're thinking you have to golf on fun, serious instead XM. I mean, forget about that. When you can have all this music on your MP3 and your iPod and your phone and your, you can even, you can even download so right into your headphones when I'm here. And if you have not long enough. Yeah. So I heard that grade. Have a wireless receiver there just so I can do that. Man, oh man, when you sit on the throne, can you imagine the music you could make? I've got some board already do. Anyway, download using file sharing sites and programs, Lyme wire, et cetera. Oh, no. I need to. Don't be doing that now. 190. 190. What do you ask about? Don't do that. I never heard before. Oh, download. I just got it. Download from a digital download site like iTunes, et cetera. 91. I hate this. Pull 57 not too many. Friends give me copies 40. Well, we must have a lot of lonely people out there because if you had any friends to be giving you music, what does that mean? That would be my topies. I give them copies. Yeah, there you go. Friends give me copies only 48. And I'm in the business so I get music for free only four. And I was arrested but inside the building from the other end of the building. Do we know any of the people by the way in power 96 do we know who they are? What they're all about? I know some of them and some of them know us. Yeah. Some of us actually have the money here. We have Tony the tiger, Lucy Lopez. Oh, and why do you? I'm sure did Josh for the in on that miracle we had with Ricky Tickey, Colin. Yes. That was my second power and it's up most again. And that had to be it. Because all the lines were flat. It was one of those. I wasn't taking many calls and I've pushed up lying to we had about ten minutes to go. And it was Ricky Tickey. I told you that it was him but I was so anxious to get the last day before my vacation. And so Richard, who's 50 years in a radio business called in that day and told us he actually is going to watch he he pledged to watch that cap once this year. Dry clean I hope. No, he's just going to worship and he is sing probably might trick them. Just wash it off and he can load it to rush. It means got some prescriptions on it. Oh, this is for your wash man. I want to go stuff. Pick it up. Fill pop in your shirt. Oh boy. Fill pop. Yeah. Rush limp ball. This is his name. He needs on his flag. Rush limp ball. There's a bit of a book right here. Yeah. And by the way, chicken at your checks go out in the mail today. He bugs me a little bit. Yeah, I love him. He does some great stuff. But he's just like a crunch. And then he sent me a he sent me an email. He sent a favorite painter. And there's only see your life and you even a who they did. He explained it. Oh, didn't he? Yeah, that's not a mini mill and I've signed it. I should actually email the back and said, thanks very much. Pay Wayne. It's kind of fade Wayne. Anyway, Rush limp ball was detained for more than three hours Monday. It pumbi tune in actually report after three said they found a bottle of Viagra in his position without a prescription. Customs officials find a prescription bottle labeled as Viagra in his luggage that didn't have limb balls name on it. But that that of two doctors said Paul Milis, folksman for the pumbi. County Sheriff's office. Two doctors. A lot of doctors and a lot of pills and a lot of problems. Wouldn't you think that if he was murdered there in Kagan because she was, you know, she's not bad. I mean, if you try to be objective about even though you hate her like poison, she's not bad. He probably we shouldn't need any Viagra. But after taking all those oxies and having his hearing. He needs he's got issues. Uh huh. I'm Dr. Hand prescribed the drug, but it was labeled as being issued to the physician rather to a physician. Oh, my God. I know him. Rather than Mr. Limbaugh for privacy purposes where Blackland Bosa attorney said a statement. He always got all these excuses, man. Rush Limbaugh. U.S. Customs and Border Protection examinates 55 year old radio commentators luggage. After his private plane landed at the airport from the La Repulina Cajdhiminic Khan, I said, Mila. Once he's doing a La Repulina Cajdhiminic Khan, and then seem like a rather strange place for a big right wing jackass like Rush or a limb ball and pa. Guess he's copping some pills. What is the La Repulina Cajdhiminic Khan? Maybe know some doctors down there. The man who was referred to the sheriff's office who's investigators interviewed Limp. According to Miller, Limp was set at the driver was for his use and that he obtained it from his doctors. Investigators confiscated the drugs which treats the erectile dysfunction and Limp was released without being charged. The sheriff's office plans to file a report of the state attorney's office. Miller said it could be a second degree in Mr. Meiner violation. I think that's after his previous problems with Wilma and all the full poppin and his hearing going bad and all in my oxyzy was doing everything else. He's a pill of him guy. So, okay, for him, all the other drugs he's there ought to be an oboe grave or somewhere. So, so Nick, I'm curious as to the vetting process that... Look at that. Oboe grave, there released 450 prison. Oboe guy, most of whom were like busy driving taxicabs or whatever and they just routed him up because they're evil danger. There are evil doors and liberty, city man. Oh, yeah. It has doors on that ship out there in California at that port. And we're here today's pool is part of the Bialetta. And man, I'm going to tell you, if you think that soft Florida by crazy ones, that he won a championship, it couldn't even come close to matching the hysteria when Germany won their third match in America. We're watching some of the footage. Oh my god, it just crazy people. All these soccer people are nuts. And they're hunk in the horns and they're screaming and I go, I go crazy. Although they do look very good. Good. I'm telling you right now, you want to see some really hot people. And maybe you'll even get lucky and never know. That's where to find them in Germany. I don't care what anybody tells you about Denmark or about Sweden. I mean, you know, anywhere you go, you're going to find some nice looking people. Some hot people if you're hot to try it. But if you really have to try go to Germany and you're trying all over the place. What's your take on a World Cup? 659 votes. Oh, we're going to make a fast that they're in the show. I don't want to embarrass you on this one day. Because let's see, I'll be on Thursday. Now let's see, do we have a ball game this Thursday? I don't believe so. Well, why not? Because we're just going to have to overdo it here. Although that is not ironic that the next Tuesday, the fourth of July and Georgia's Voluntary D.C. I'm not going to let you work on Fourth of July. Shouldn't have to do it. Well, should I have to do it? We're not going to be married anymore. You shouldn't have to celebrate that day. How about Canada today? Can I get that off? This Saturday? Can I get off on that day? You know it. Canada Day. Don't work on Saturday. Okay. And I will not work on the Fourth of July. But then we from the stairs, they have been on for like 2 and 1 hours. That is one heavy duty schedule if you ask me. A little bit more, I can handle. 660 Fibodes. What's your take on a World Cup? Oh, God. Look at that. A abusive priest who the eyes on a views of with Paul of 9 and 8 on CNN with Paul. 660 Fibodes and a World Cup. Sockers. So boring. You know, some I spelled it in underline with A. I have O's with one. You're a... Oh, after. Oh, after. 232. Modelally interested. 156. I'm an 86. Modelally interested in the World Cup. Are you modelally interested? No. I put so boring. It is. I don't want to hear about it. I want to smell it. I want to know from it. Although there is that one kid from Paraguay that got injured. He's a, they got 80 different guys named were. We're an although. We're a, we're not, we're not. Not the one from Brazil. But I see. Yeah. No. We're an although from a par, a Portugal. Whatever. He got injured. I'm going to loosen back to hell. Modelally interested in 186. I love it. Watch it on TV 143. Watching El Copa del Mundo 143. What's the World Cup? 53. I've a channel of somebody who's wearing one. Especially in that place. As boring as watching any other sport. That was your destroy. She added it 25. And I hate this pull only 24 day likes it. They don't like soccer too. But well, actually I'm surprised that let's see. 21.4% of this various two-d audience say they love it. They're watching an TV. They're following it. They got their, their flag from all these different countries. Flow and flying Ghana and Ecuador. I'm glad that you were all. I see your knowledge of what we're going to run. No, you knew about the Ecuadorians and the Mexicans are all the same. They're all engines. They just live in different parts of the world. They're all engines. People subjugated a lot of people all over the world. Because the Ecuador and state in our hotel last two day when we got their ass kicked by Germany's We Nothing. And I've tell you they are really, um, artists. I felt lovely in it. I thought I looked pretty good. That's why I got so lucky. Anyway, 1013. I'd find 60W. What? Elimination? Yeah. And then must be it. I got news for everyone. There's nobody else around for about 100 miles. That's right. I'm pretty hot. How do you think I got late in Montana? Probably the same way. All my speaking of Montana, I guess what will be was on my set. Two movies were on my side. I saw the last part of a one and I saw the, I watched the whole part of the other one. You'll never believe it. A river. First one would. 10. Okay. 10, which I saw last half hour. And that's the name of the movie. Highly underrated. It's all right. And the second one which I watched the whole thing again. Oh, he's a little jai-ka. Yeah. Fargo. That's right. Yeah. Something. She is so good. She's a little jai-ka. I'm going to burn you a copy of raising Arizona. Francis McDorman is so good. She's a huge part of the movie, but you'll love her. She's just fabulous. Yeah. Oh, yosh. Yeah. Oh, yosh. Oh, yosh. Oh, yosh. Oh, yosh. 10, 14. If you're a cigar smokeer and you like to take back with a good premium brand. And the he is the guy is by Tony Brahani is what you'll be looking for. And what I'm looking for, he's hard to find cigars that made with first great tobacco process, Nage, depth of 10 years. Now he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold, the flagship line gets to 91 rating by cigar fishing ladders cigar insider. And a nine-po one rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full-body liquor-wagon cigar's got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors. It's almost like smoking breakfast, which I'm sure a lot of you do. I'll also be sure to try there to be here to say the hottest release of Garmin last 10 months that a sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider. They've a sale is a big powerful cigar for like real men and you guys as well with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. If you want to save some real cash, you want to say 40% off the price of all your behyes cigars. When you call the order, just tell them that Neil Rogers told you, uh, since you buy and they'll give you 40% off the regular price. Call them at 1-800-35, but here that's 1-800-35-BA-H-I-A. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8. The lie, I am not an ugly. North and then, confident in the galactic attitude, equal the rush to level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level up the level lunchtime one of the Yes, they did eight five eight five is a final score and that is after that nine game winning streak and then they finally salvage the game against the Yankees They're net to maybe double-header game a whole jabrette there seven games behind five hundred there really seven games under five hundred right now What's the pun of timing when you were like about 20 in fact? I think about 30 minutes of that and now they're only seven under five hundred. I'm smelling world series aren't you? I'm what I'm saying if we had that why not super bowl world series Stanley cup Yeah, you're right. Oh, I should mention the panthers trade a Roberto Longal bad mistake bad and a bring in Todd We're toosy if you can't play good goon it up baby bring in one of the most anxious people I'm gonna history of this sport bring in Todd Bertuzzi. Oh my goodness bad move there Iron Mike bad move. But nevertheless see you can do things like that in South Florida because nobody knows nobody cares, right? You can do stuff like that seven hundred and four votes on a poll We're gonna make that thousand a during the show each year hardouts. You got a big good See if you're smart you'll email you know Eric to pull the right in fact email with two above 15 times I don't know what the polls are gonna be like five minutes before the show. Well why not because you know I just can't think of something I already got to learn for Thursday I'm not gonna tell you now what it is, but see I work for a head man I'm gonna pull I'd like to but I can't well I do I like to when I do for her anyway Now how would the calls been this last week? I'm sure that all they've been is a Taccillary I'm going with material a lot of funny calls Yeah, I knew that what do you think we had a good week to week that you were off. Remember that Josh? Oh, it was a some special it was really remarkable night It wasn't it wasn't what you think it was even different than the normal we just really it was a unique Make a different thing because anybody who's stuck in at 800 degrees in the shade right now We're ready for the next hurricane kind of a mosquito is big of a bowling balls environment. It's got to be a crazy person Even a weather in Berlin was very good to brought worst route standing the weather was great The soccer was scintillating. I'm told by course I didn't see any of it But I just don't understand if I maybe I don't know if they're planning a game state or not I don't know what the schedule is excuse me for not knowing these things should I know that? Yeah, I go to one of my sports channels and see if they got any of this crap on their 4011 Update there's a golf channel. I got that How about the whimmelton you want to put on some tennis from a whimmelton will be good. Maybe we can catch a I told Joe is sleepy. I didn't get a lot of sleep last night 2016 the world can't hide like Oh, I can't wait for that can you I'm sorry I already tuned out here's our first call on a great Tuesday. WQAM Oh Man we got a underwater this week. That's a good place for them. We're making some real progress. See that We got mad dog moving up to two o'clock. One of these days. We don't know when we don't know if and we don't know how But we got very jack right on the roadways going to be on after him or see if it was me I'd have my never to a clock right now I wouldn't care what happened after that. I have him on from two until until until he finally just said okay That's enough for today. You know And we don't know what I would do but then again. What do I know don't start right off to make in trouble again? Especially with this heavy-duty schedule you got well that was our only call It's kind of disappointing. Oh, no, there's another one. I thought to be pouring in and what's that my space dot com? Now forward slash Neil God this thing That's right. No, but I looked at it's pretty interesting We got 103 members so far, which I think is very audience and we just farted it. I mean it's gonna Well, that's right. Like in stuff. I've got we had to watch more people listening but those are mostly enemies right We have 103 friends. No, that's nice to know. WQAM hello Brazil got off ramp and Spain Yeah, and what about you crane the rain and Ukraine falls mainly close to the Spain There there was one or there was a soccer call for a good? Okay, but doesn't have to do with said they don't know from it. Okay, because that's the bad wagon You're just telling me before to show that it was just always impossible to be in that building all during that Final hysterical couple of days. It's impossible. I can understand that because what in the world could possibly be more important than Nothing and he's paying all our bills I didn't stay up to watch it was actually on paper view these seventh game of these Stanley Cup Nothing to be fined and to lose to Carolina So I've had a two o'clock in the morning, Europe time. I stayed up to like 435 or clock was pretty disappointing pretty late and effort by the orlers I'm sure you watched it 715 votes on the pool. What's your take on the world cup? soccer is so boring with 45 ohs in it 253 Modelally interested 199 almost 200 this is shocking to me. I love it. I'm watching it on TV 153 if you had those second and third categories there You've got almost 50 percent How's that American team doing? They lost a Ghana real man. That's bad What is the world cup 55? What is it? I think Duff is worrying it It's as a more cup is as boring as any watching any of his sport 29 and I hate this full only 26 They love it. I was 715 votes. I think we might have that thousand by one o'clock and then I can go home right right Hey hurricane seasons here. Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home. Hurricane shut around What has you do with yourself hurricane panels? Why bother with those big home improvement warehouses When the hurricane shut around. Let is your complete source for hurricane protection They've got everything you need to get to job done and save you lots of cash They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels or that Aluminium aluminum panels that are cut to your needs and ready for pickup or delivery I'll products are date roud and Palm Beach County approved to contractors and installers are welcome in the accept all major credit cards They'd roud and Palm Beach County approved step by step instructions It's including so why pay all an extra money for installation when the hurricane shut around Looking at you everything you need to do with yourself and save money big call this number nine five four two three Seven seven o eight three are log on to hurricane shutter outlet calm come that Neil Center Get a hundred bucks off a minimum order of 250 square feet that's nine five four two three seven seven o eight three You're on the wicked web hurricane shutter outlet dot com This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 This is then rather for one of the final times reporting for CBS News You may have heard that I will be leaving the network for which I serve as news anchor for 24 years CBS has basically told me there is no future for me there Well, what the dog who off my shoe and call me red blood no future for me No future for me This from a network that hired a party girl to be their news anchor I say but only two users But only this Katy person drinks cheap champagne out of her stilettos while tabletop dancing and building out Corrokey which I'm told is a Japanese influence singing style no future for me I've been the face of that dump for more than three decades long before survivor CSI or the Monday night comedy block Which actually blows I was the king yet they have the audacity the unmitigated goal to tell me there is no future with them Don't future for me you make up a couple of stories about the present suddenly your persona non-graph About that long-heared freak we had in the radio division for all those years They were awarded him by sending him to a company where the cow sales have their own radio show If you ask me that's not too much vision for a company with an eyeball for a logo Who could even believe that I the great-dad rather would become about his useless his boobs on a bowl I guess the only way to ensure your future with this network is to cover oneself with body glitter and sleep with less moon For the record I tried Lifts was less Then recipient I have been forced to consider offers that quite frankly are beneath me For example a hosting job on the show so you think you can dance and a new reality show called milking cows would celebrities this reporter has rubbed shoulders with the greatest newsmakers of our time Gorbachele Brazeneth Heidi Plays And now I'm going on casting calls with screech from save by the bell Uzel and Holm is in for closure vote Well fire my skillet and wrap me and beacon I won't take it laying down Unless of course less moon bears we consider humiliated yet And bearist certainly but not dead Not just yet For now this is then rather signing off I have a meeting with people at sea allows to become the new face of a reptile dysfunction This reporter is in as much shock as will in Elson reading his text bill But I say this here and now I will not go quietly into that good night I will maintain what's left of my dignity even if I am forced to endorse adult neighbors Then rather reporting for Well no one at this time 1034 26 before 11 at 560 WQAM So we want to sing about some of which out there in the audience for special persecution Okay, remember the day that before my vacation dry shin I will be called in she said I hear that Bob weevers on his last legs remember that? Yes, she did you know and the next day guess what happened what happened I'm sure you talked about that last week Just yesterday I forgot to talk about it. What is wrong with you? It's probably the most other than of course That what could be more important than that? Well, you'd like to do a lot of drugs and and of course You crane when you're couple of games in a world cup other than those two things what could be more important than losing Weaver the weather man. What are the really great people in South Florida for a Ziggy years? Super guy So she's gonna take me responsibility because I I heard to the grapevine I made some calls I heard that he was doing fairly well He was you know and then all of a sudden right after she made that call the next day that was it So hopefully that she takes that to her grave and I hope it's not too long 740 votes on a full 740 CBL Toronto Hockey night in Canada and they're like that that ain't there no more But again, what what stations are there that used to be there not too many? The WCFL school WCFL Chicago I bet it is I don't know don't care either the voice of labor You stand the Chicago white socks with Bob Ellison you step Barney Pipp But you know everything in this business is used to use to was this used to was that used to be and that's the whole business Like this call online six you can be yeah, I okay, tell you I know it. What call rush? Yeah, call off for I show you to good supply. This is some good doctors keep you all fixed up all the time The hook yet 560 pound five six in the Verizon singular wireless line at least 57 people were killed The Seattle of the headline on this story Vomings and kidnappings BCD Iraq after Malachi peace plan. I guess must have been working to video God geez at least 57 people were killed in attack and 10 students were kidnapped from their hostile and bad dead A lot of hostile stuff going on over there one day after the Prime Minister unveiled a peace plan aimed at easing the violence Is it worth it? The impact oh my skull me welcome from the killing of four bits back that embassy employees Following an internet statement by their kidnappers and I'll cut a lead in surgeon grouping that they have been executed and these guys are even from Liberty City Secretary and violence weirded said again in Iraq where at least 25 people were killed in scores wounded in two separate bodies Turning in the country's majority she-eyed community the first attack here happened here by Cuba and the village of whatever it is Northeast of Baghdad when a booby trapped motorbike exploded in a market place killing at least 18 and moving 20 But club is main hospital confirmed the toll said most of the dead were children shortly after homemade bombest load in the main market of the city of Hila South of Baghdad killing at least seven air-winding 13 and it goes on All of the dead people all the time things are going just swimming well and it's a Democrats state that we should like You know get our troops out of there while some of them were still alive and have all their body parts That's cut and run, but if General Casey says We're gonna like start with drawing some troops. That's a great plan for success And you do understand what they're saying now that is that the only two minutes acceptable is what Tony Snow said before we talked about TAR maybe he said do anything that's acceptable is victory well. How do you to find what is victory? What does that mean? We'll tell you what it means we'll tell you when we saw you all and explosion fire to�e in and lemon George You're all it must be a terrorist attack and be some of those liberty city guys Not that they're trying to get you all whipped up into a frenzy all nervous before those November elections You understand that's not the it would never do that. That's not the Carl Roe venton way And of course this will prove what a good job they're doing and we should keep them all in off. No, it is correct You see that they knitted in the bud just like here in the Toronto they caught a couple of slime balls They knitted in the bud all those guys were there 80 trillion tons of a letter that stuff was actually it was like cardboard is what a one A clear majority of Americans say Congress should pass it was illusion that outlines a plan for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq According to the latest pool taken over the weekend U.S. State of the Gallup half those survey were like all U.S. forces out of record in 12 months I'd like them all home tomorrow. What's the point? I say stick while before you know they haven't so much trouble What is trial this sticks on him back in there while over again even your buddy Bill O'Roye said that he did a better job Now what he said that's how I run that country just like sedan ran it so there you go He said that in between heavy everything phone call that Chris The pull of fine support for the ideas behind democratic proposals that were sounding the feet in the centralized week And uptick an optimism toward the work for the killing of terrorists later oboe moose obelis alzara kawi earlier this month seems to have evaporated right into thin air just like Osama disappeared in a thin air and little below all mario in a thin air and I'm in the time and Alzava in a thin air Who keeps making did you notice how fancy fancy as this video was? You almost get the feeling he's making those an interview or somewhere man. He's making some pretty fancy schmancy of any head that nice picture of Alzara kawi there was lamenting in the U.L. of jr. you see that one? Wow I would be surprised to think that both of them put up their in a French river here. I've been sitting there for a long time Because the bushes in a bit live is after all their business partners They're like Michael Corleoni and Hammond Roth. They're business partners Richard Ikenberg a political scientist at Tufts University studies presidential polling Since views on Iraq are too firm to be changed by momentary developments. They're set in in concrete The other piece of quote unquote could news is the unity government Iraq, but it's not as if we're hearing that it made any great strides in lending the Eliminating the militia influence or violence anywhere in the country. There's still a study drum beat of bad news like that bad news I just had only moments ago Bush is appropriating is a 37% last month had risen to 38% now it's back on a way down to where it wasn't made 31% His standing which took the low 40% in February has rebounded about that level since then his is a pro president It's ought to be like about 2% and all all relatives and by the way I do want to understand this that War in buffock giveaway 37 billion dollars Anything give George or George any of it. No or me either. I would have shared it with you I would have listened some to chicken that yeah, all right, but he didn't give us any It instead of giving to bill gates your favorite that of course. He's gonna give it to charity He's gonna save the world. It just I don't know I guess was of course to say something really wonderful about that. Oh, great man. He gave away 37 billion dollars Can you imagine a good time? We could have a woodbomb with that? Oh, yeah, oh the plans I would have it Oh man. I'd be back in Berlin in about a half an hour. We had damn fast trip 7506 votes on a post. I creep a little bit here. I think it's the dog base It'd be as many as a good time to be not working too much. That's why this next week and a half man Let's see what's that schedule again? I do have to work Thursday. I'm not too pleased about that the whole four hours But the next two days the fourth of July got George all four hours in an waitman. We got a ball game now on the fourth What did that take away to bogion the fourth? What yeah, oh you got a ball game on a fourth of July See you like that. They soon have to feel so bad. I force you to do it. Sorry, and then the following The week from this Thursday we got another marbling game. Oh, we love those marlins man They're hotter than smoked the apples man. Are good. I'm gonna smoke some apples good road apples. What's your take on the world cup? Speaking of road apples 7506 votes. We ought to be up to about 800 by now. I don't want to I don't want us to fall short 758 soccer is so boring. Oh my god could put you into a coma 267 35.2 percent Modelally interested to 117. I love it. I'm watching on the t we 163 See you put those two together number two number three got four 49 percent for just about Actually shocked almost half of the audience is either moderately or hysterically interested I don't believe it. What's the world cup a 60 it says boring is watching any other sport 34. That's the George because he's a you know he's a sports board I think that's what they made that Expression from sports for that's you you spurling it and I hate this pull only 27 I'll be our usually very very difficult to please audience say likes it 10 42 at 5 60 WKM we got Kimbo Bo camp or two this afternoon. No that's you know We got some more making some big strides Speaking of making big strides with lightning quick speeds the latest features in security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust Call today and get the best offer the internet Comcast high speed internet for really 24 95 a month for your first six months Plus Comcast will upgrade to these super fast eight men premium speeds here for free for you Will it always on connections speed about to eight megabits a second Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL 1 5 and up to 100 times faster than dial-up I mean dial-up is for like old kuts even I wouldn't use that What do you downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or simply surfing your favorite size Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet You get instant access to free features like video mail Comcast radio Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personally email accounts just to be name in a few not only that But you also get free mac and PC security tools include So you can be assured that you're in that experience is always safe and secure in annual savings of over a hundred bucks just for these security alone So what could you possibly be waiting for start doing more fast than ever before Send up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24 95 a month for six months in They call 305 Comcast and of course in 94 Comcast for all the tails column today certain restrictions apply For just a regular Now In my rack the Wait Who will that blow? Who will that blow? When Tom Rose got off the location of Greatest Killed her upon the phone so he could hear It's been quite a while since Robin Gannon Ladiesma como 립ha Oreo not six quids Yellow colored Yellow brightly kuring Guys collect Oh man, yeah. Classic, market down, classic. Wow. 1048 at 560 WQ and more chicken-accus ended again. 12 minutes before the hour got Kimbo Kimbo Kimbo 2. Man dog is 4 but not for long. He's moving up to 2 one of these days. This is a very jackass. It's right there in the here, there's a possibility it might be true. Just like this might be real call on 6 but I sure doubt it. Nobody QAM, hello. It was so good the first time was definitely worth bringing back the chicken. Right, like breakfast. Wow. 567, but it's been like this all week long. Was it just especially early? Oh, this is it. This is all we got, huh? Yeah. I can't blame anybody for not being there. I mean you guys got to be there. I don't gotta be there. I don't want to be there and I'm not there. I'm pretty, they increased about it. But these people are there like, well, you know, good luck to you. So we can say. 781 votes and good luck to you guys because you got like, let's see tomorrow. And although Thursday I'll be back like on the lobby back. Right. And then after that, not too much. Oh, and then don't forget about that tail end of July and the first week in August. I don't think I've seen you all as scheduled for that. Have I? I don't know. I think it's Josh turns the page. We got July and the countdown. Oh boy. No, but what about August? I don't know. And not only that, but I just, it just dawned on me since my whole goal in life is to get paid for not working at all again. I do that so much the first time that starting in January like next year, I got seven weeks into the six. Oh, I know I do. Yeah. And I guess because the next year and my deal starts actually in January instead of October one. Okay. I have to jam in like seven weeks between January and the end of the year. That's not going to be easy. I'm sure you can do it somehow. I'll fight away. Where's the will is away. Oh, look at that. What's going on with that phone, man? Sorry, he's made a real call. Is that down? Come in to Q. I am. Hello. Q. I am. Hello. Hello. I heard him that guy. Q. I am. New. Yep. George needs a show monitor. Q. Hello. Hello. Yep. I'm going to hear you. I'm going to talk about what I'm talking about. We didn't hear anything about it. I'm unbelievable. Hello. Hello. You know. Yeah. We need to bring back. You never since started to go or for the panthers. They're going to hell and have a. Let's bring back. Get the hell out, go. Yeah, okay. Yeah, Gildi, I'm sure I'd like to do with the. Oh. Great and reversal along the way. Yeah, not cold for whatever you want, but there's not a good sports fan for you. It's a slower demand. They really know their crap. In fact, that's the middle name. Crap. 790. Oh, man. 790. That's the ticket. That's how many votes we got in the pool. We've got to get off that number real fast. If somebody's going to start having a, having like, bad VMs all run a building. Oh, 794. Thank goodness. Archu, thrilled about it. You actually got probably the coast will be clear a little bit more often when nature calls. Now that fat boy's gone. That's how we don't miss him badly already. No, no, because he used the handicap anyway. He had to. Yeah. Well, that's what I always use. It's hard. No, he ever used it. I probably will. Hang on loosely. That's right. W2AM. Hello. QAM. Yeah, Dr. Hill. Speaking. 8-0. What's the drug dealer? Always the drug dealer. Okay, great. 5-670, 5-60. See that, then they get figured if it's not encoder or it's not bush, it's not Cheney, if it's not rush, you know, it's the same old. I think soccer is more similar to this. Yeah, the good thing is the good thing is the real thing. Gone are real. What? Give us a good line at least. That's something old and stay. Yeah, old and stale man. Like last year's Mata. Old and stale. Like one group read from 10 years ago that kills bodies eight different ways. Somebody QAM. Hello. Alright, sir. You're most colour-brother checking out right now. A couple of minutes ago you said that your bush is numbers where like 37%. It should be a 31. And then you said it should be a 2%. Yeah. Well, you've been talking about the black community. Here's numbers that have been a 2% but a long list with us. We may not be with the program or another thing, but we would probably have been there under him. Okay. We're on the hill. Thanks, Paul. I know. And then stale liberty city. Okay. Yeah, you never know. Don't be wearing one. They're going to drag your ass away. What? What? I'll be black and black. Just on your right now. That's where the terrorist and liberty city. There's hair in the streets and liberty city. Make no mistake about it. We don't want to get you nervous or anything like that. Q. Oh, that is him. Q. Oh, no. Yeah. See, I don't want to come on. How do you think he takes those pills? No, geez. Next to you, we want to play. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. Okay. This is Rushwin Ball. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Stop trying to catch. I'm not. Woo, have you started. I'm not. Why are you going? I said, sold under the label C-I-S-Swiss cannabis I-T. The beverage contains 5% of hemp flour syrup and a tiny 0.0015% quantity of THC, the active ingredient of marijuana. I guess you've got to drink a lot of that to get stoned. I imagine. Any ingredient that can put in the drug category has been removed and the team will not leave the dependency it says, unless you drink it by the gallon. Unless you stick your own. You, in the area, drink it through a straw for hours. But British anti drug campaigner said that selling the THC is dangerous because it will give young people the impression that cannabis is commonplace. Always if it's not, but sure is hell is here. I'll take it that. I've got back just in time for a gay pride on Sunday making sure that we keep up all those ugly stereotypes and they are. This product, the I-T. marijuana I-T was locked in Switzerland in 2003 and is already available in Austria. Germany, Needle-On's, Portugal and Spain. How do you like that? Yeah, it's really interesting to see your people, man. You know, you're a green tooth cry, how repressive. I guess it's that fatigue thing and there's only two isms coming into the cash. And you take a look at Spain after all those years of fascism under Francisco Franco and another gun, the other direction man. It likes what I guess. Good morning, St. Orfashista. There's nothing to be seen there. If you're not one, you're the other. And what about Liberty City though? What about it? What's your head gear in Liberty City? That's my suggestion all our brothers and sisters in between man. Take a look at your head gear because they're going to drag your ass away and thwart another terrorist attack. For war. And then that's right before they put all the people from New York Times and the LA Times and Washington Post in prison for a ton of like it is. For exposing all this fascism that's going out Washington speaking the fascist is. 800-8 votes under pull. We're going to get that thousand-day. You'll see. Then they will hear us. This is real Roger's. This is 5.16. This is the new Roger's shell. Who took this boy? Any questions? Dr. The X-rays of the Duck are here. Thank you, Nurse. Let's have a look. Wow. What is that it's stomach? It looks like a face. What kind of alien? Tartel, X-rays, large eyes and it looks like. Yeah. It's one of the old's and twins. Yeah. It looks like Mary Cate. No, it looks like Ashley. Mary Cate. Ashley. Mary Cate. Ashley. I think it's alien. No, too. I noticed. It's 11 o'clock in five, 60 WCM already got one hour down. Who's counting, right? Right me. 800. Oh yeah. 823 votes. You had a couple of next week. You had to work on the 4th of July. Thank God for that Marlin baseball game next to you. Thank Lord for that. See if who is me. I'd had mad dog on her to the staff. No. I'd stop patchking around. I would at least fix one thing. But I don't want to start with that again. Unless I feel like it. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Two stoneways died in the shipping container or border freighter bond for the port of Miami. Guess where was coming from? Okay? I'd have worked with the many kind of. Oh, you know the story. No. I'm just guessing. How'd you guess that? I knew that you'd want to say that. Because Russia was just there. Right. Rockback a bunch of Vyagra or prescription anyway. Now he had the pills. And maybe these guys like OD on some leftover Vyagra. Maybe he was trying to smuggle them in. After the Panama flag, the seaboard trader, more than the port last night, two additional storeways were transported to Miami Hospital. The four men were found inside a shipping container or border vessel, which was carrying merchandise for a serrily branded apparel. Oh, I'm surprised that not for a cantilely branded apparel. Said port of Miami spokeswoman Andrea Moniz. The reason to mend that was under investigation. The four men were all believed to be Dominican nationals. The vessel had departed Saturday from Porto Paloata, the north coast of La Repuglica, de Minicana. What is this very important fact that he's just sent me? Oh, that's bad. Man accused of sex with puppy. Talk about a sick puppy. What is this in Martin County, Florida, no less? Transient, Julio, see the front of the first part of this is Chao Edo. This is Chao Doth, the way I got it to. Julio Adrenta, allegedly had sex with his four-month-old Argentine dog with doggo puppy. Is that I said it? I don't know. The dog is in the custody of the human society. It's heard because being placed in foster care. Oh, here's the rest of the store. It is like two stories piece together here. Stored. Oh, yeah. Well, what else are they going to do in store? Do you know when you come right down to it? I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. A mixed read dog was being placed in foster care today after being rescued from a transit Indian town man who was allegedly having sex with a puppy. A witness called a Martin County deputy who arrived to find Junio Trenta, 31, having, oh no, having intercourse. I can't say the a word. No, um, with the dog and in the woods in the 32-to-block of southeast Stixie Highway about 12 11, oh, yes, they have to know. Upon being seen Trent is said it's my dog and what's the problem? K-problema. The male dog ran and hit behind the deputies according to a report released today. Trenta, a Mexican citizen working as a laborer, was charged with one kind of felony sexual BCL and one kind of felony animal cruelty. It was also charged with one misdemeanor county each of giving false names and deputies, exposure sexual organs and possession of her finitia after a marijuana smoking pipe was found in his pockets. See that? People smoking that wicked wage shouldn't be having little puppies man. It's time to write now George. Told you about those illegal beaters. How are you starting on the Ecuadorians again or what? Mexican. There are Indians. Yes, but now how can we just ask me the schedule again? Is this the new schedule? Say new rebahares. And then be a new schedule when cars is on vacation this week. Oh, Robert Reaper wrote it. He's right. We have a full. I guess that's a team. Well, let's the change on here. Is there any change? I'm going to see if I can find a few more change. Yeah. Oh, I see Thursday morning. Oh, and Friday morning. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Oh, I tell you, as Rick we were would say. Tony, cigarette one and Thursday morning again and then guilty on set of class. So the however must be off another one of those Vogue's horse race deals. Nice going Hank. Can you believe that? Petabagalony works three days a week. Oh, and Thursday night. Oh, you know something my stomach is turning from this. It's only been an hour and four minutes that I'm back on here after a week in Berlin mid-August seven of the world cup of La Copa de Almundo. But Thursday evening, look who's out after the mad dog Lee Feldman and Craig Mish Corey Feldman at who Craig Mishmosh and then any Kaplan at the showgirls at 10 o'clock on Thursday. We're going all just all kinds of real swirl. I mean, swell programming. Swill stuff. Holy Toledo man. Tony cigaretteo and then guilty in right there in prime time. Morning drag. I mean, he was once there before longer with a first team, at least at those other two guys. Always talking over as much as possible. 1831 votes on a pull where creepy toward 900. Now once we get to the end, we're going to think we got to made an inshade right for the 1000. The free and let me also ask you this since Miguel came up with his whole my space calm thing. What is the appropriate? I mean, looks really spiffy as we need to get a lot of nice pictures and we got all those friends on there, etc. But right. What's the purpose of it? What it was it? It can be used for networking or, you know, just for personal, you know, like I use it for like an email source. Additional exposure and email source. That's right. I have a group of friends. We still have only 103 friends on there, by the way. All the freezes have started a week ago. And then we can see people can write those little comments like they did about who is it that was writing. The guy in CNN tells us name Jack Cameron. Will floodscree. Who dobs? The guy, they were, they were the gay. He said I heard it. Okay. Yeah. That must be Gannison's Cooper. Not only gay. The guy who, remember, they said they saw him and gay bars. So, he was a guy. Oh, that wasn't him. That was Anderson's Cooper, wasn't it? No. No, not not the a weather guy. He's taking talking about all think of 80. Okay. No, how you don't remember this? Well, because that's a new with gay. With that? No, remember you said you were dying because you were seeing what people were writing about him? Yeah, that's the weather guy. Yeah. So what about it? So that's the right to be aware of. Where comments as well and people are writing stupid things, you know, it's just a more siano. There you go. There I go. Well, it took me a moment or two to remember. Here's a message from Samuel Eto. Yeah, there's like little messages on it. This is great. And actually, some of these people have something to do with the show, which is unusual. Now, this isn't going to be one of those chatroom deals. Is it? I don't know, but I think... There is no chatroom. Miguel, as the administrator, has the ability to take off. Well, make damn sure that we don't got no chatroom in there because we don't need people shouting each other and screaming each other. But let him shout at us. But now he looks out anything there that he's going to listen about. Yeah. What do you mean on savory? What's wrong with unsafe? We like unsafe, or you don't want to know. We can't do unsafe here on here. Might as well do it on our micepace.com. He's not what it's all about my space. I'd say it's a bad way. That's right. Right. What do you say? What do you say? You're saluting us on savory in a bad way. Notice we got you saluting the sales department. They're all... Unless it's with like a little puppy. And that's before what's his name left to? Cheese, Almighty. Hi, apparently. But it definitely blew his ass out. We went to a lot of air to blow that fat ass out of there. So he calls me this morning and it's a good thing you told me to give me advanced one. There was the first thing George told me this morning. What? A 25. Fact-boys gone. Well, he wasn't gone yet. Oh. So he proved that he knew my phone number here. And uh, bye-bye. Okay. Don't let the door hitch into big fat ass on the way out. All of us a big target. I'm Friday evening. ABC News reported on secret US military documents obtained from a disc brought from an app box from an app canvass Afghanistan bizarre. Am I reading this well? Which show that the military knows or a new of locations in Pakistan of 15 high-level wanted members of Al Qaeda and the Taliban and which purportedly linked nine Afghani officials, including Hamid Karzai's brother to the drug lords. Going to rock story. I'm going to tell you right now. Rock story is one of the best websites I have we found in a long time. You don't think so? No argument. I love it. I love it raw. And the story too. But I heard the document showed the US knows or a new the location similar to one of terrorists reported Brian Ross. They are in Pakistan. And the documents named prominent figures including President Karzai's brother talked by the military to be in the pay of drug lords. He's on the payroll. While he Karzai denied allegations on camera. I was never in the drug business Karzai said, I never benefited. I never facilitated. I was in the olive oil business with his father. US military did a dismissed immediately reporting citing intelligence suspicions at senior al-Qaeda leaders were hiding in Pakistan and that the Afghan presence brother had ties to drug trafficking is being outdated reports to the associate of press but US spokesman Colonel Tom Collins. The commander rejected the authenticity of the report. I wonder if he's kidding Joe Collins used to play first base for the Yankees and the 50s. Saying it was unable to discuss classified military information wrote on mirageaw for AP. At Canifatil's high ever rejected the claims against the president's brother is baseless. He just another unicall's stooge, Hamid Karzai. He's another stooge. Not just one of three but one of many. Eight hundred and forty three votes in a poll. We're creeping in Kronolong. Boy, so sure a different experience now isn't it? Showed her in a summer time? Oh yeah, mango jura. By the time that sound someone does this stuff you send me. I know you're probably a couple of copy. I like to teach the world of same that sound here. It's mungo by the way. Mungo. Then lingo mungo. That's right. Remember him? But you're a sports expert. 560560. Tom 560 and leave Verizon, Singitor, Wireless on. We're taking our calls one at a time today. No one overdo it. And believe me we don't have too much choice. WQAM Hello. QAM. What a new. Yes sir. Happy Tuesday, sir. Back to you. I live at the flat to hear you and I was driving south on 95 this morning. Grypton to the AM all court station in Orlando. Now they were doing a promo for their evening shows with a lot of heart sounds. How come that's the I don't think it's clear channel? Not positive. I think it's clear channel up there. Now how can they can do it up there? You can't do it. Because they don't have choice. They don't have that bit choice. Bitch. Roon in their lives. That's why. Also agree on any type of things you can do it just because your station can't do it because there's no list. And there's all kinds of TV spots as you know. There's little kids programs over the year that have all kinds of fart sounds. And this is just something that this bitch made up. And because of the fact that I got normal can't is my agent who's as useless as breast on a bull like that Dan Render said. There's nothing we can do about it. I just want to get up to that bitch. He's a whimp. He's a little pansy. Well I phone the pop and it'll be a John Sample Road in 95. I swear I'm in Brazil. There's more cars with the Zillion flag. Real wine. Oh screw the man. Go you go your money. Go journey. Go go Ghana. Okay. Say go Ghana Rhea. Maybe Russia's got some pills to it. If you got Ghana Rhea in like a pop I said you were a couple. Top of you. I'm sure. If I agree. And then embarrassing. Chris, there's no investment level for him. If you were a sailor, Russia can't hear just because there's oxies man when you pop 50,000 a day. They like, affect you hearing and everywhere was supposed to be also sorry for Russia. He couldn't hear the callers. But you know, I'm not telling you one thing. An issue if you can't hear the callers. It's a benefit. It's a plus. Oh, we got the axle roaster. Did you see that? No. He's being held for biting your garden. axle roars bites. I don't know. We always do that. 848 votes on him. And you know who didn't come by to say hi this morning before the show and I can understand why. I don't want to start but you're good buddy. You're good. First one, man. I got so many poems. That one. Yeah. Month. He stuck his head in the door. Did he? You should have signed it on him. See, I saved this comment for there's enough time to go and buy it. Could be any spot. But there's this spot we ran in the first hour. It makes the gun show a spot. I mean, I know we're desperate. I know that corporate is probably leading him just heavy duty on the sales management and the middle level and upper level, all levels of management too. Like, you know, just give us the F and money. But we ran a spot last hour that is so, you know which one it is, too. I'll tell you later. It's 11.13 and 5.16. WCW. You have the summer season. It's fast approaching what means it must be close to Father's Day. Oh, no. Sounds like the wrong copy to me. Oh, no. Wouldn't that be bad if we were doing Father's Day promos? That would be bad. Let's see. Here's one that starts. 619. Is that the one? I don't know. This sales department and they are just all over the place. They're like walking dialier. They're just everywhere. Anyway, like I said for years now, I've been telling you about the melting pot fondue restaurants. If you haven't been in the pot for a while now, it's a time to go back. It's a full course. Four course, dining experience starting with a renowned cheese fondue served with three different bread's, whanysmith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes a choice, a lively salad, including a enthrasing, including a combination of lobster, for layman yarn shrimp, cage and season chicken, pork duck, pork belly, mushrooms and lots more cooked in oil or broth, whichever you like. And don't forget the melting pot so many dipping sauces that we need to make the fondue experience fun. Now here's the clincher. Top it all off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts. Man, this is the real piece of resistance. You'll go crazy. Fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, ground-eaten tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos, or graham crackers for dipping. You dip it. You dunk it. You love it. Only at the melting pot. You'll find a melting pot in four-logan-yel candle, book of our town, Pupor City, North Ma'am of each and proceed this cross-prings. Be sure and tell them that the oil since you buy for a real treat and a real feast at the melting pot. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. Hey sports fans, join the Magog, this Friday at the Hulu's in D'Rale for your chance to play the QAM Flora Mullins 2K6 home run Derby Consas. If you are last chance to be the running to win a trip to the series majorly baseball ball star game in Pittsburgh, let's not get WDWM.com for all the details that you can take six home run Derby Consas from the Marlison and 5.62A. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. What a, oh, on every day of tonight. Honey, John, you're last show on MSNBC was over the week. Dang! Four of the memories. My mory. What a cow. Oh, Johnny, enough. I'm getting a promise. The thing I love the most. That's how the as co-posed. Oh, no. Honey, what was it like co-hosting with your husband, mory, poof it? Dang! Honey, you're singing sucks. I'd rather listen to Rosie O'Donnell by a later self. Thanks, Kelly. Brune. Whatever medication you're on, double the dosage. I've got the bigger thing. Honey, do. Somebody get that microphone from me. I'm talking about it. All right, you go, Viro. Far away. No, come back. Well, she just hit my chest and she's consistent. In order to 57 votes on a poll. In fact, we got Brazil. Brazil is a lead now ready. Aren't you excited about that? Yeah. Oh, only if we can play that out. There's cancer, I think. Brazil will roll and who is it? Agana. Mike can say, he's up here. He's a typical girl to come show. Are you standing there? No, no, no. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm just going to tell you. She's up. Oh, he's up. Oh. In a play 90 minutes, it's Brazil won and Ghana reenuffins so far. Actually, we've decided to whip up into a frenzy about a lot of copatell mundo. What was that Ricky Martin song? I'd say remember that was that was the first year we were downstairs on the second floor. First year at QAIM. I mean, I just want to see how you have different word association and event association things in your mind. And I just remember that that horrible Ricky Martin. That's it. That's it. That is it. Love and women. Love and love. I like that. Right. I don't have any more than that though. You don't have that? No, I have that. I don't have the copatella vida. Oh, son. That's live in La vida, Locat. Oh. Anyway, she's living in the Evina. Yeah, that kind ofina. Blame God for the fire repair crash. Thanks whoever fascists in this is the Aquetta story. It's so typical. Oh, well. Blame God for the fire repair crash last year that insinuated a driver and his car so badly that neither he nor the car could be identified immediately. So demand behind the wheel of the car the cause the inferno. God caused the accident order leading to the Gloria God's at one car minted June 23. Momous after he was sentenced to 13 years in the slimer. Charmente of Miami spread through several traffic signals on bunker road and West Palm Beach. In January of 2005 when police began to follow him. It spotted him in the area if they repeated drug house. Charmente crashes olds when we went to a car through a zone of section with Parker Avenue West Palm. The collision sent the other car to a concrete utility pole where burst into flames. It was fire aiming. Oh, my God. Only by finding the vehicle ID number where the police able to determine the make of the car. That's how Friday was. Police identified the driver Daniel Carbone 52 West Palm Beach after somehow fighting his wallet intact. said West Palm Beach police officer Carl Cifel who investigated the crash. That's almost his miraculous is when they found that passport intact. Probably 9-11 hijackers remember that? That's right. Just a couple of locks away from the WTC. There was that passport. A pristine condition. Just like that magic bullet on the stretcher in Parker hospital in Dallas, November 22, 1963. It was the magic passport. Carmente feared less better than Carbone and fled. He was captured later when the storage shed after he fled. He was charged with five felonies that couldn't end him as many as 70 years in prison. He completely guilty yesterday to one kind of vehicular homicide. All other charges were dropped. He was given credit for 343 days in jail and his driver's license was revoked. Well, that's only nothing of Florida. Carmente had two outstanding felony warrants at the time of the wreck and was a habitual traffic offender who lost his license in 2002. I was on the wrong path, I guess he said yesterday, but no longer he promised. Carmente had been thanked his family for their support and apologized to Carbone's family who weren't present. Then he said he would pray for his attorney, the prosecutor, and even for a circuitier, Sandra McSorley would just send him to prison. I wonder if she's kind of marty McSorley. Watch his shirt that out. It's still unozzettle. Uno, uno, uno, uno, uno. For Brazil. Uno, uno, uno, uno, uno, uno. For Brazil. Are you missed those weight and mill, mill games when you were on vacation? Two weeks ago. Yeah, I'm still missing them. All right. Well, you can get all of this one. So I'm just thinking, just showing you how to look at the situation. If you're sun is shining down in the Ghana players' manner like Evany and not too much ivory. I've gone over here a team, 22 minutes and a half gone. I'll look at that. There's a great chance in the ball rolls right to the goalie. Hey, you're off to the right of the ball, Joe. Hey, you're off to the right of the ball, Joe. And now it's done. Will you stop with that already? God. I'll let you play like all I need to do. We like Andre's canter unless as much as any canter. Hope. Eddie Canter and Ida. Nothing can be fine if they do have a date with Ida. Eight hundred and sixty-seven votes on our soccer pool. And of course it's kind of not a good time we know because with this very big match on. Isn't this like a quarter finals now? He's must be talking to you, Josh. Yeah, they're the quarter finals. Well, one, now what is wrong with you? Why are you such a sports sport? I mean, you know, I've seen the highlights, but I don't know what to have. What? I don't know how many teams are left. What's that? What do you guys think? What do you got your Germany is still there in the Brits? And the shot. And the shot. Ghana, Brazil, Argentina. Okay. So is that the quarter final? Sounds like a no. I don't know, I don't know. I don't care. Speaking of Europe, Stockholm. What is this story from Stockholm? I look at that picture of Axel Rose. Boy, he looks really bad. Guns and roses, front man. Axel Rose was arrested in Stockholm early the day after allegedly fighting a security guard in the leg outside his hotel. I'll get him. Put it on the worse. Rose had performed in the Swedish capital last night was being held on suspicion of attacking a threatening guard, as well as causing damage to the burns hotel where the alleged scuffles were placed. Said police spokeswoman, tow a hag. Someone do a what? Old hag. Hang for the AP that Rose was intoxicated during the confrontation which broke out around in a clock this morning, and we faced questioning after we sobered up. He was deemed it to be too intoxicated to be questioned right away. It was unfair what caused the fight. But Swedish tabloids said the guard tried to intervene when Rose turned to arguing with a woman in the hotel lobby. Friedrich Nylon, one of the police officers who helped the rest of Rose was caught by the daily often blot, often blot at web, the site, the saying that the singer would act at aggressively to her police had to be handcuff and restrained in the hotel. He had kept a high profile so to speak now, it was for the same. Does the roses pay to concentrate and stock homes over in the last night? Even partying a well-known nightclub before the scuffle often blotted. Said, I like that. Bad news for our accelerators in the Stockholm. Any interest? Old news man, he's old news. Any? Oh yeah, I couldn't stand him when he was new news. He's almost as old news as he saw a Reynolds for Christ's week. And fat boy, they paid 25 minutes and seven seconds as a clock he's ticked it ticked it ticked it in a long. It is just another reason. I mean, aside from the fact that the field looks about 600 like that shot right there. Did you see that you're watching this? Are you kidding me? Are Carlos the Brazilian guy. He just picked up all 7,000 yards over to go. I mean, well, what's the point? I thought we'd say. He's all alone. At least kick it within 50 yards in a goal. Make it look good like you're trying to score. But they probably don't want to like overdo it here. Both of them out that would be bad. Watching girls hug each other on MTV. Well, that's just saying you want these guys hug each other for after the game after this exciting matches over that side. You're not being, I didn't got a BTSUS to the one I believe, I'm going to BTSUS. I said they did. And look at that neat pass. You just put a right in there and so far. Nobody else anybody on the ground rolling around riding and the fake in it and diving. Man, more diving in this than it's just unbelievable. 800 and 72 all over. So far, they haven't watched any gone a team. Look at that. Look at that shot man. Within the 10 yards of the goal. But just farce in history. We ain't kind of a whole world is like up in arms about this. Oh my God. You know, cars riding around hawking or horns and of course in a really multi racial community like this one, like Toronto. Every time like Italy wins or Portugal, in fact, they had like brawls in the streets when Portugal won last week. Really? Oh yeah, they were like knifeing each other. There you go. But over to Bajos in the little Italy right now, as a matter of fact, getting smashed. Find some smash mouth football. Funny six past eleven and five. In fact, there was a great sign of one of the games. Some of them still be asked, birds, you know, and they really are silly. They're just, you should have seen them at the airport and really be a bit of it. They just just pathetic. Everything you know and then some. But they didn't have a pretty interesting sign. It said football. And it said rugby is for real men. For football. That's for the youth. Right. Meaning soccer. Football is for poofs. Yeah. Football. Yeah. It's for poofs. Meaning. You're fair. Like that. No silly ass grits man. Vussely ass quiddles. Yes. Me. Twenty seven past eleven and five, sixty wqm. We got Kimba Boe camp for a two. And then we got the mad dog at four all. He's moved his time. So I'm going to want these days. That's a very jackass tells us. And if we want to know about programming a QAM, don't ask parents. He's on vacation. Don't ask terrible. He don't know. Don't ask Chris Jones. He's busy putting spots on for the end of the world. No, go to that. Right. Right. Don't ask very jackass because she knows. Anyway, soft Florida during the summertime means on days when it's under a hundred. They're going to be doing a lot of walking. At least from the house to the garage to get in your condition car. Take good care of them. They're going to be a man. Brandy's carries all the top brands in the world. So that's where you want to take your feet for the best in care. They carry four shi. I'm echoing my fist. Oh, rock for herhush puppies. New balance. All of the name brands in all sizes for men and women. And they even carry those wide widths and hard to find sizes. Brandy's is the largest independent true retail in all South Florida. And when you go into Brandy's for the very first time, you understand why I've raved about them for years and told them, that's the place you want to take those took these man because they got the unbeatable combination. Best selection, all the top brands can be a friendly personal service. Their prices always are unbeatable. So go see Brandy. See everybody, Arnie there. How make sure you get the right to finish shoes for your feet at the right price? Brandy's shoes, you'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, which we've been Atlantic and Copa down the East side. You can't miss it. Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday to line in every Sunday till 5. And this week, naturalizers, S.A.S. Spare a new balance floor shaman rock course all on sale this week at Brandy's. So get your rest in there for great savings on selected styles or do your shoes shopping right there where you sit. And their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Roger. This is 560. James A.S. Oh, there is a fascist party dog. Culture is a fascist party dog. Culture is a fascist party dog. Who's music? Hey, don't you feel? Cheating, eight-olds view. Well, we've been in a free country. But always bags about being free. Imagine how frustrating it can be. I can't say a word that begins with sea. Culture is a woman. Hands are man. Kids are not a staff of an giant hands. Culture is a woman. Hands are man. But that still turns you on. Come on. Turns you turn you on. Well, and is a group of people. A group of people. Who likes to flash her skinny gams. With no background, all she can do. Is my honor back and take you to the Jews. Culture is a right way. Part of something. Give a mini skirt and my long wind. Nothing bad will ever happen in him. Because evil always wins. You're proud of evil always wins. Well, when she's on TV, you fool. Right, please dare with a little drool. And laugh along with the hateful swill. A partisan funded side choke, fill. Culture is a fashist. Culture is a fashist. Arted. Culture is a fashist. Arted. Which music are they on? You feel you seem able to you. You feel you. You feel you. You feel you. What is Ronaldo for Brazil, man? He's good at school. Ronaldo. But I feel like he's good at football. No, it wasn't. Robert DeBodgio. Colorado Chancellor. Fire professor says. University of Colorado's top official called on the school yesterday. To fire word. Churchill. The professor compared some world trade center victims to a Nazi. And then landed in hot water over allegations of academic misconduct. Or Churchill. He's like, crazy person. In room chancellor, Philip DeSteffano said. Churchill's got 10 days to go to a faculty committee to appeal his recommendation. Churchill, I attended for a tenured professor of ethnic studies. He has denied allegations of plagiarism. I can't imagine that Colorado University is going to suddenly decide. The first amendment deserves some respect. Lane said. He's attorney David Lane. He said Churchill would sue if the fire rings up. Going to sue everybody soon everybody. 5. 5. 6705. 60. Still let's see. They play 34 minutes and 15 seconds at a first half. And it's still Brazil won and they got a re-a team. Neil. 888 on the pool. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. And then a great number. Well, you know, sometimes you get bored, I guess. That must be when you're in Stuart, you're going to do it. Not that bored. Oh. I love it. Watching on TV. 1808. Throw it in a seat. Those people are 21%. Where we can get them folks. Because they're watching it right now. There's Ronaldo again. What is big around here. But the line. Ronaldo. What's the world cup? 59. 69. Excuse me. It's changed into 50. So we've said, Joyce. But there's that Ronaldo goal. You want to see it again? Really has to be played. As long as boring is watching any of this board 43. And I hate this pool 29 out of 891. So shockingly, I think what's his name is right. The big Brock Solid. Oh, we need to love more soccer duck. Let's get under a scanner on a station. Here's how we have in 20 cigarette or a girl. I don't know. I'm going to see your better again. That's just well. We keep going back and making the same mistakes over and over again. I think they try to sandbag the Humper. Can you imagine how big of a sandbag would take to sandbag in? No, big. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, let's go through a heavy duty phone call sweep here. What do you say? That's what we did that week. You were gone, man. Yeah. We had an uncredible week. Unbelievable. I'm sure Josh got the end. Nope. How many QAN hello? Me, oh. Yes, sir. Hey, how about some beavers? Yeah. You like them? How many QAN hello? Hey, Bob. Hey, don't. Okay. Listen, what? We're all at Rush Limbo going with back, or we're there in the Dominican Republic. Yeah. Yeah. I thought I thought. I like a couple of little boys over there, Bob. Yeah. Yeah, you're all right. You're all right. Yeah, well, we're seeing doing a lot of Republican Dominican. In fact, we ought to call up here in Kagan and see him right now. And find out what her take is. What's your take, Darren? You bitch. Oh, man. I like to seal her and I, and one of those still containers. You know, just like those guys that died, that's how we got her come back. Oh, see. And he got her mom with her. With Wolf Blue Screen. And also that Dana, Dana Bash. I'm going to tell you today is going to come there. Be bloodstool between her and Lou Dobbs. He's easing like a fash. Are you going to bash Dana? I'm telling you, you remarked my words right at the time. I never saw anything that I will watch that night. Fast-faced Lou Dobbs. Just absolutely punches that bitch out. Watch him give Dana Bash. Number two, A.M. Hello. You know, I don't have my temperature taken rightfully. Twenty seven times in a row. Then watch soccer game. Yeah. Where have you been? I've been to the house. Yeah. Been in Italy. You were in Italy? Where was? Yeah. Top skinny. Just, uh, I'll find a sea and a little town called Colony Elsa. Hmm. Your French and Minano. That's one pretty way. You're not planning soccer there all that it's had in team manners. Still this still live. They're going to win the whole thing. I was like, Karak, we wanted a lie because it's fixed. And you see what happened when I was a Titan. Yeah, everybody was fixed. Yeah, the pedal was fixed. I didn't know what I was talking about that. I'm talking about the big scandal I had with the Italian teams. But you didn't see that? No. You better get with it, man. I just got a parade that Brazil does in one. Okay. I'm getting terrible in man. Let me say what? What I have to deal with in bulk. I get more crap stolen. I was a poor job. Okay. See you. Good. Wow, he sure haven't heard from him in a long time. And you've been pretty happy about it. Wow. And he's good though today. I mean for him. I'm sorry. I was talking to Josh. I'm just a football. You are relentless. Like I've always seen. You're such a hard ass. You give a chance. He was okay. I mean he wasn't a pro-zac. Right. Right. But then who is? WCWM. WCWM. Ever. No, that's the worst hit there. We've ever had. I'm gonna show you. By the way, every day when I've been on one gober at least once a day. Like, I mean you told me that's not Gilbert. No, that's not Gilbert, but Gilbert does call once a day. Yeah. To say hit my. You told me that's the one that calls him in his hand though. It isn't. It isn't. But Gilbert does call. But now he's doing it. Well, that's his special for you because he thinks you are your Hitler. Well, the feeling's mutual Gilbert. Yeah. And of course, you know what the response of me. It's a lie. I am not. I'm not saying. See, there you go. I think he's. I would stuff Gilbert and another. That was pretty. See, because I did the Josh said it would happen there on Rick's 50th anniversary on Friday. No. Is the day before? And he afternoon, there came a facts for me in Josh and it along from Joe Johnson. Ever Joe Johnson from Agley Fleron. Yes, I do. Okay. So he informs me that the next day that Friday is going to be risked a fewth anniversary on the air would be really neat if I would call him up and he got it. And so he gives me a wrong number. He gives me the inside line number. Of course, I never looked because he also gave me his own private number and come to find out that we're both the same number. They were both his. So 825 Friday morning, I'm all doucheed out in a mall set to go for the show and I go in there before that. And I pick up the phone and I dial out number and then I realize it was the same as the other number was Joe Johnson's private line at their magic. So I came on the end. I ripped him in the ass and I said several times. You tried to call your Rick, but Joe Johnson's a jackass. He's an idiot. He's a. You fair. So then we had that magical moment there. It's a fact. You know, American. It's a magic moment. It's in real soon. It's great that he got in. Do you want the long ass Harold article about that? About one. Rick Shaw's anniversary. I, we, we, we, we went through all of that. We have. All of that. Somebody tried to facts it. No, we don't want that. That's all you've already. It's a week. We're last Friday for quite an hour. Almost two weeks now. Jesus Christ Almighty in the prison of Lincoln still didn't like the play. What's wrong with you people? Like these people go, oh, you hear about Marshall and ball? What's the first thing I talked about this morning you morons and show starts at 10 now. We don't have to do the cross over any work. We're leaving a Hank on his own resting on his own laurels. And I hope that the laurels are pretty heavy. There's a Jamie Merkins right there. Oh, look at that shot. Odin's somebody in his score. Pretty close. I tell you, man, it's gone a team. There's an up sack in smell. It's a, they've gone a win. 42 and a half minutes. They played it still Brazil. Uno and Neil for Ghana. Uno and Neil. I think it's kind of like, they'll come. No God, you know, it is so sad. 1142 18-year-long a QA and while supplies last save hundreds of dollars off a silly pocket-to-pean extrector, ultra-pluged, euro-pilots, pillow top only from dialometres. What if that's the thing that's a Jeff Stryker? For a limited time take four to bucks off a queen set on now I know it is. Just 699 bucks. Take five hundred and fifty bucks off a king set. Similar savings and all sizes. This isn't some cheap old mattress others are for more than their ads. It's a luxury silly posture pita complete with memory foam and a premium quad unit perfect for the master bedroom. This is a special limited time off in a won't last long at dialometres. Call 1-800 mattress right now and find out more about the Stryker mattress from Seely or ask about clearance pricing on other silly posture pitas. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S and ask about their 12 months financing plan. Dialometres ranked number one in over a customer satisfaction and I continue to live and continue to live and continue to live and continue to live and continue to live and continue to live. The easiest is part of the piece of shopping you'll ever do a nice and save some big time extra cash by calling 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S leave off the last as because it stands for spectacular saving. This is five sixty-two saves. That's where we begin to send out rods still passed away for the weekend. We've send out deepest condolences on this greatest of all losses. Yes, Danny and Marie. Good to see you. The station calls while the jersey for the osmons. Hello. Danny and Marie, I heard a disturbing rumor that you two have been form a kiding together your entire adult life. But we, um, it's okay. It's okay. We can be honest. You want to go there? I'll go there. Two of those. Yeah. It's true. Three. Five. Because it is intense. But you're siblings. It's a choice. You know. You know. The one you're all you are is the same. The family tree only has one branch. That's the one in the end. Hello. Hi. Hi. Marie. Do you have a regret losing your virginity to your brother? Good question. No. I'd never take that time. You're so bad. To get in Texas. Hello. All right. Listen, Danny and Marie. I don't know what kind of crap you're trying to pull here. But I don't believe for a second. You two have sex together. Um, I got to tell you, buddy. It's true. The app proven. I want to see you kiss each other right now. I'm talking right open now. Flailing tongues here. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. We're letting him. There's no pull this back. Who? Hmm. Hmm. Wow. It is the best. You're going to be right there, baby. Wow. And of course, you know what, Danny's most popular to song is in Stuart, don't you? No, I give a puppy love. That's it. Geez. 920. Well, somebody went to Brazil. It was off side, but they didn't call it. So it's still counts. It's too zip. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Not first man. And he called his puppy love in Stuart. And they called it Coach Stray to jail. I don't know what to do with it again. Oh, I don't think the puppy love this. Hmm. Oh, my god. That's Danny before either man came to come. Wow. Guys, this city, guys, this street, a pair of go with some of the big news. I know that we want to get real news intensive. No way. You bet. The rival Hamas and Fatak movement, see it today, complete an agreement on a planet. And implicitly recognizes Israel. Oh, hey. And in weeks of Aquamanis negotiations at the top official said, we have an agreement over the documentary. Abraham Abu Najr, coordination of the, uh, it should take coordinator, but it doesn't. This is AP. They suck. Coordinator of the National Dialogue with the proposal. Salas, Zaydan, another negotiator said preparations are being made for a formal signing ceremony. All political groups are prepared for a mutual ceasefire with Israel. He said, President Mahmoud Abbas, if Fataksa is fought with her fallucious. Now he said, he's been trying to coast his Hamas rivals. And we're addressing the document, which is formulated by Senior Palestinian Prisoners held by Israel. Our position to be, it was voiced by Islamic Jihad, a small middle to the group that's created out numerous attacks against Israel. And today's meeting, we now should reject some of the articles of this document. We have reservations about other articles said, collet al-Batch, spokesman for Islamic Jihad. The time calls for a Palestinian state alongside Israel and the Ferdinand because, uh, and I see some old stuff. You know, two carriers are ready enough with that. Go kill each other and leave us alone. Basically, the way to look at it, I still do. Pretty much, from just, you know, we'll, you want to kill each other. Good time. It's just like the Indians and the packies and the same with the Israeli panelists. And you want to kill each other? Hey, well, I'm more power to you. We'll pack you sandwich. Right. Co-sure for a face-off. Co-sure for a tissue boat. 932 votes on a pool on a World Cup. And you better be respectful because they're at the half time now. And it's Brazil two, uh, head to the mill for Brazil over to Ghana re-a-team. Over a very tough and dark and the surprising, uh, Ghana-team. Ghana had been taken a two-man and, like I said, they've been the dominating the game and they're down too Nill in that bay. Two Nill in Quentin. He much of a thrill. 570560. How come we're not getting any heat? He falls on here, huh? Oh, I think they exhausted themselves on Friday. That's what I want to think of in a parade, you know? How many people right to parade? About 30 men. You think? They're about. I don't know. Do you guys go to the parade? I'm sorry. They didn't interrupt the show for some live coverage we tried to and it didn't really happen. We had Miguel Collin with one update and didn't say anything and that's all it had. Really? Really? We were getting all kinds of reports but it didn't really start officially until 2 o'clock. Anyway, so, oh good, good timing. How many QA and Heat Headquarters? Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Too nothing. You ever been to deal with the over-runner on this game? 6. 6. I wonder it's probably one. You can probably edit QL tests. This is a rights station for that. You want the over-snuckers? I'm totally linksmiths on canastagames in the occondo. Whatever is going on, we've got the over-snuckers and the ins and the outs. W2A and hello? No, you're sick, it's hold and tiring. You know you are hearing your voice is all-and-tiring too. Okay, your phony voice is all-and-tiring. And really boring. Give him a kiss to Fatboy two, by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 60, five sixty a leave a rising and singular I must have been guilty's worth friend why did have a point your stick is a nice stick is real but it still works seventy q a m hello what's in the list of the two a m q a m all the way lost out is gonna be a reading the car was a bad boys other friend seventy q a m hello yeah sir how are you today okay sir how are you today pretty said that you you know you saw you probably did that there was a good article in the sent notice more than five of the time the marine town yes sir we're reading over the air was uh... one of her best how do i miss that well i'll check it out right now thanks about how did how would i have a mission marine downcom right because it wasn't in the or times this is an oldie with that he had well you know what the problem is going to be now well no because it's the sun sent a website you know the issue or yeah so rather than wasting my time with us in fact you know what i'm going to do i give up what he can do this is going to google marine down good plane one of the columns are usually in the times and that's where i usually get some from and i can be really go right on our let's see recent columns and uh... multi-minute by marine down here we go and click on it on life such that had some filler music all cut up we need cloy is that the sea i don't know which one he's talking about read about well i must be the one he's talking about how am i going to know if it's money talking about read about well go to the sun sent a little because you can do it see because because it would they repeat her columns like these later you know a couple of days see which one it is before i waste my time reading this although i will uh... i will did you get a hint no he just said it's in the sun sent a bit just look at marine downcom do it can't you do that i mean kid is this a little bit too big of a tall of an order for you to handle well you know how i'm about top yeah that was way off side even even i know that look at the most fixed and suddenly is it boring with a stick okay i do we got marine downcom from June twenty fourth we need Chloe but i'm not gonna read it if it's not the same one of this guy's talking about i got our men necessary really in the sun sent a little maybe you can print that one out and we'll go back and see if that i don't think that column was in there as we need Chloe again for marine she's so good in print and so bad on the year uh... see more in the better to have a praise of jackpot just don't call it and see what you're zed from is that the one two twenty seven that's today that must be the one on a standby john tyranny what about my marine down for crisis but what you just to put it out in fact it's a mehazat will you going going through all of this time consuming upon the was crap and we have enough time consuming for the risk of life he's called you know we do have nine hundred forty two boats i told you we have that thousand by one o'clock and i think by twelve thirty we're gonna have thousand boats and you like that put that in your pot pipe and smoke and mister a c port adventure account in north west of Los Angeles was reopened yesterday three four hour investigation of potential terror threat turn up nothing suspicious here's like all those evil doors in liberty city baby all those schmata heads not that we wouldn't look the government doesn't want to get to the servers but like like a more certain fact that seemed to be the underlying theme all throughout fair night and eleven was the boogie man uh... who is in that again the kid from seven seven for a very wason okay well i share per what i need a lot more than gators very wason it's elementary my dear wason authorities close out the port of kune me a hewny me inventor account after a dark worker discovered a message squad and marker on a middle pillar in the whole of the ship carrying bananas from what i'm all i said will burr the poor smarty director it was carrying bananas birds said the message red this nitrous for you mister George w bush and your jewish crony's federal authorities gave us slightly different version saying the eight message was nitro plus sign glycerin my dear for gw bush and his jewish gang by twenty people aboard the ship a thirty thousand tons thirty thousand tons by thirty men refrigerated vessel that arrived from a port of petsau and go out of all of where evacuated workers already outside the poor being kept out although anyone inside was at the i spoke for the lord i i'm a lord said agents were at the symbol wouldn't come never something simply the port is no less to go it was nothing there i mean after all if you're going to make a terror to take don't to terrorist always like right out some kind of as they scroll a message ahead of the time you would call in the bomb threat they give you right lots of warning exactly nine hundred and forty seven votes on a pull on pretty impressed by that it's still a little bit of a six not even noon yet we're almost got a thousand votes but with a reason or article right i thought you just got to tell me that that's the name of her book i was a link to a book that he saw that's all i thought i made me the article is the one uh well what's it got talking about lying in the sentinel that's for sure are you are you uh are you sure positive positive well while i got calling and make that up gee i don't know why would somebody call a make up a bunch of crap oh this is about the mimey gang why i'm gonna read this one this is from uh and i'm glad that he pointed that out because i don't think i've been to this sinis one along the uh from a couple days ago to you got it now i've got you know i just did a certain part of a judge array i don't know don't take that kind of an altitude although the bad news you got some bad news though come on you want to know what it is oh gee is this what my electives working just fine now see when electives has issues it's always early in the morning you know like between nine and ten and eleven then all of a sudden it works like magic fantastic so i would anticipate because look let's face it i'm not doing a lot during the summer time i might as well say like four or five hundred stories for that as well judge has he's not doing nothing okay just that rush in check that's all he's doing post good little drunk every night eleven fifty probably that vodka that she's a you know hooked on why when you're laughing about no five can your house or she doesn't just keep the vodka you know sometimes it's the things that you can't see the hurt you and some thought of her twenty eight years dot concepts is simply the best adriding your carpets and making a look brando i should know that because i'm using for twenty one years my homes they always do a stellar stupidest job making even a worse one carpets looked as just like you have brando laid on your floor when you drive clean your carpets with rock concepts you really can clean today and entertain the night because they drive a couple of hours and your carpets take cleaner longer with most sticky residue less behind it with over fifty thousand satisfied customers you'll have plenty of company with a big smile on their posts and hopefully a dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration keep that in mind all during this nasty hurricane season certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days and dry concepts can get your own business dry within twenty four to seventy two hours it's got a team and the top at all off rock concepts has a state of the art or your work cleaning plant the only one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area works looking just like brand new so be yourself a big favor that i'll never disappoint you that was going to be a written guaranteed price before they start doing a fantastic job and day borrowed the palm reaches called rock concepts today at one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one around the wicked web dry concepts dot com this is Neil Rodgers this is five sixty two eight where are it beaded well the water on wq a well i've never thought i'd find the gun to ride that i'd be to the round piece of the toys andflight. Ok. So baby, first of all, in dealing with the benefits of these things, you can solve baby. And that's nice, nice, nice. I especially request today that's simple and jackass Tony Snow wanted to hear that. 12.04.56, they started the second half in Germany where this game has been played as an institute guard, I don't know where to, similarly. And it's Brazil, 2 to 0 over the, uh, got a re-election. Every time got a, it takes a shot, it's like 20 yards over the top of the net. So, more in-down road a couple of days ago, 3 days ago, it would be exact, we need Chloe. Okay. She said, you think Michael Trudeau would have something more important to do? The hapless Homeland Security team could stand to more money away from American locals, more likely to hit by Al Qaeda. Well, that's another wonderful city falling away, what are we of this? Or go on TV and help people lose height to sack of the Miami gang of terrorist wannabes who look like they couldn't find the local sears little on the sears tower. These guys were so lame they asked an informant for boots, radio, as Bonacitor's uniforms and cash, believing he was al Qaeda, and that's how he had his need uniforms. Instead, the cadavres, Churoff, was gallevanning on stage yesterday morning, meaning through day, with some official counterterrorism experts from 24. They produced his writer and three actresses from the Fox show, a printed an event sponsored by the Heritage Foundation at the Ronald Reagan Building International Trade Center. Throwing out his old scripts, Mr. Reagan was a master at missing fiction in fact, but he was a tiger compared with a bush crowd. The audience included a parents' Thomas and his wife, Ginny, who held an interface to print court Thursday for the Tinsal Sound Terror Brigade. Rush Limbaugh, who said the Dictanean Rummy were huge transit 24, was matched with ceremonies for the panel. Oh, maybe that's what we needed to vie for. To get up for the occasion, he was MC of the panel titled 24, an America's Image in Fighting Terrorism, fact fiction or does it matter. It doesn't a misadministration, where he says, better to have a panel and praise of Jack Fower than a met with no real Jack Fower to find a Sama and his murderous accolades. Better to pretend that rounding up a bunch of Florida losers, whose time was more aspirational and operational as one FBI official put it, is a great blow in the war on terror than to really turn our intelligence agencies and hold minds of crud into the relentless resourceful and fierce and organized stations there in fiction and should be given the billion spent on them. Love by our spy thrillers and time-clansion albums, we used to take regretted that our intelligence agencies were just as capable as heroes on the screen. Jack Ryan is of the Harrison Ford-Rallick Baldwin, we've been the bad-athlete version, could have gotten Osama single-handedly in the two hours of loaded. Even though they still haven't captured the theme behind 9-11, WD and Dick Cheney still blend fact-in-fiction by using 9-11 to justify the wrong-headed venture in Iraq. As the vice president told CNN's John King this week when he was asked about his claim that we would be greeted as liberators in Iraq, it doesn't make any sense for people to think that somehow we can retreat behind our oceans, leave the Middle East, walk away from Iraq and we'll be safe and secure here at home. 9-11 put the light of that. And in a cobb metric of improvement, Dr. Death also noted that things were looking up, Dr. Death. There are a lot more Iraqis becoming casualties in his conflict at present because they're now in the fight he's had, surely. Some of WD's closest allies have begun privately calling Vice and Absolute Disaster, but when World WD realized how twisted his logic is. In the new book, the 1% doctrine, Ron Suss-Gime writes that CIA officials referred to Mr. Cheney as Edgar as an Edgar Berger and Charlombe McCarthy, and the WD had to ask his Dermonering second to pull back a little at meetings and not are from advising crowded rooms so they could continue to pretend to Mr. Cheney without the puppet master. Or sounds like that Mickey and I's there a bit. On the Homeland Security, Mr. Trudeau, I'll find by the actors who play the beautiful techno geek Chloe and President Logan, seeing a little fuzzy about whether they fancy technology on 24 really exists. He noted, both in Ed Ocean 24 is when the computer's crashing and having to get the IT people to come into reboot and get the computer working again. Given that the FBI is struggling to get a computer system that can simultaneously search for flight and schools, his answer was not all that funny. Asked about the Staging of Anti Terrorism, a money given in the Yorku reply, that we put a lot of extra money in a Northern New Jersey, while I feel better already. Mr. Limbaugh's stylist suggested the producers give Jack Murtha a cameo as KGB chief. He praised 20 for forgiving torture or good name. This past season, the show began exploring what happens when an exony in president becomes so obsessed with natural security, they start under my name and country's laws. That's the kind of fiction you hate to see become a fact. So thanks to the guy for calling in because this may or may not be the article. I quite frankly, I don't give a grat so, but I'd like that as... Hmm. May play 56 minutes in a, all 57 minutes almost at the World Cup and it's still Brazil to the Nill over the Ghana Piotters. I think a yellow card, oh, no. Yellow card, look out now. I'm almost... This is such a precise decision. And when you think to the Brit, Brit's invent this crap? What's soccer? Yeah, I had no idea. Oh, it had to be. What would it have to be? They had been all the precise, he's done. And of course back in the days of the British Empire, that's when they spread this disease around the world. I thought the world was a cricket. No, that's the other thing. Oh, in fact, I'm so glad you mentioned that. To show you how silly the British are, you know, how always going on about the BBC and how great their news is. New such great intellectuals that give you the real truth instead of nothing but propaganda. Well, one BBC newscast I watched when I was over there last week in Berlin. The lead story, roughly presented by the presenter, China, maybe on the way to a world domination in cricket. Can you believe that? No. Oh, shout again for the yards over the goal by the guy, I've got to read guy. So, the way is them? Yes, what's scrum? A scrum is like in rugby when they all get down to the building. They all get down and start grabbing in the same degree. Some degree? That's the scrum. And they also have, we talked about this though, before one of the occasion, we do a scrum. But, Jackson, what the hell I was? No, seriously, I'm not talking about summer scrum, did you read? I'm talking about the game? Yeah. You ever heard a scrum? Yeah. And is there where they also have a scrum? I can't separate all these silly ass brid game. I mean, a session query the bat and a ball. Is it? I think so. No, no. Cricket is a silly ass guy. I like the paddle, but I think it was like a bat that shaped like a paddle, squash has a paddle. And it's a 386 for seven. I have no idea what they're talking about. The brids are leading Australia to 386 for seven. Well, we got 9171 hosts, did that to anybody have a thousand? Oh, look at that. The brids are a little bit more of a puzzle. Guys, they're hot and they were holding his head all at hoods. So, man. Oh boy. He said my cups are going to be good today. I don't know what they're saying. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. There is a bridsill coach man. Ask your regular, or whatever. I'll say a minus. Yeah, you're right. I'm getting tired of bridsill. Everybody hates them. Like poison. Enough of this crap already. 9171 hosts. What's your take on a world cup? La, la, la, la, la, copa de lundo. And then how you say? La, copa de l'avita. Was not it? Get out of here. You're the Ricky Martin. No, I guess I did. Oh yeah. I'm the real Ricky. Yeah, real Ricky Martin fan. 9171 hosts. What's your take on a world cup? A soccer was so boring. 358 people wise enough to realize that. I could suck in by the hype. Modelally interested. 259. Well, that's good because we're keeping you abreast of the score all day here. I love it. Watching it on TV. 202, which means there's 200 people that we don't have right now. Maybe they're listening and watching it at the same time. Seeing him come giving an accurate rub down. What's the world cup? 78. Said that. 76. As boring as watching any of the sport. That's Georgia again. Be in a sour push. That's right. By the way, he washes uses a rat. 28. And I hit this full 29. You a racket? Yeah, and you bounce it off the walls and the ball too. Yeah, you whack it and you whack it. Well, that's right. Squash. I don't mind spaghetti squash. You ever have that? But I can look around. That's a song's not big on the squash. Yeah, my mother used to make that all the time. I mean, because in the middle of the day, a lot of butter and salt. But butter, are you out of your mind or what? Try that. Can't believe it's not butter. Yeah, it's margarine. That's how margarine's supposed to be really bad for it is. Well, how come they call it a camp. I can't believe it's not butter. Why can't they say it's not butter? It's not butter. Margarine, you jackass. It's going to taste like butter. It's got like a lot of trans fats in it. You know what tastes more like butter? What's that? Butter? No. How about salt and salt for a salt free butter? Okay, I like it salty myself. Lando lakes. Mmm. I got some nice hot potato and bread. Take a tiny. Mmm. Olio Liva. Ha ha ha ha ha. Let's kill Eli Walg. Before somebody else gets him for it. Did we decide that he's alive or dead? Look, Google it. I think he's alive. Oh, what a shame. 1213 Bob Weaver. We lose weed with a weatherman. And we still got Eli Walg. It goes to sure right there. There's no God. There is only. Feel God. If you think you might have termites in your home and book, or in the middle of that human hurricane season and termite season, do yourself a big favor in call. Our friends are rid of pest control today. For a free termite inspection. There is no obligation. They can't your home. What do they find? What do they do? They haven't done anything yet. They're going to. More than like the threatening. What is it? What is that mean? They just they need to hire some extra people to take care of my house. Nah, wouldn't be surprised at all. I'm sure there's plenty of apartments crawling around in there. And critters. Ritted pest control uses that amazing orange or free when the kilster bites in the race on a percent on contact. They're gone fast and they can say Georgia is a slum. If you have termites as the best possible way to get rid of it, let me have to tend to your house and make a whole carnival of your neighborhood. And after we're about poisonous gas moving out or staying in hotels and motels, no worry about food or pets in your health. Because our good friends are rid of pest control. Treat your home when there's amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, you don't have to even walk away when they're done treating your property. The only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. So if you're really worried that you might have a termite problem or if you know you've already got it, do yourself a favor and niffin in the bud. Call rid of pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their raise one hundred percent on contact. No tending, no games, no kidding just a fantastic job every time. Call right now for pre-inspects like I said there's no obligation. They'll come and check it out for you. Call 1-800-447-438. That's 1-800-447-438. And be sure when you call to tell me a Todd REC toward you to call by the way he's next to go. 1-800-447-438. This is Neil Rotterrie. This is 5-16-2-8-6. She fakes orgasms. I fake four-pli. Hi, Jesus here. I know I'm often pictured with a beard, but the truth is I don't like beard. They inch. A lot. That's why I use the new shaking-ton nanoblade hyper-raiser. It gives me such a clean, co-shave. It's a miracle. Really? Just the other day I was walking into the town square. I was there to have lunch with my good friend. Hey, Judas. Hey, Judas. Jesus! Ten recognized me, did you? Christ Almighty, you saved! Prale move. Have you heard the good move? Jesus! Shave! Jesus will not save you, but you can save. I'll jave up. Have you been changed? If not, get the new shaking-ton nanoblade hyper-raiser today. And have an amazing take. Amazing place. I'm so nice now. The shaking-ton nanoblade hyper-raiser. After the bad at pulp. Call 19 at 5, 16, yeah. It's a close shave for the pulp, I guess. Oh, he's got right to me, progressive. At least for this and not to pulp. I wonder if he was at the end of the games. Can't fool. I'll take the energy. You're watching in the middle. Watching? That's for this because I am an idiot. I've just opened the year. At 61 minutes gone by and a big tremendous sacrament of the Lakopa de Al-Mundo. And it's Brazil, 2 to 0 against the Galanese. As you are all shouting in the progressive, I'm not going to start reading all much of stuff here. Am I, yes? What are you sure is how, though? Do what I got to make up for at least 2 to 3. Here's the bring us up the date. Everybody's in the dark now. Yeah, there was who they know about his son. He's pretty dark. I wonder if he's wearing his icy sleeve. What? In fact, he used to be the race-collar at Woodbind. And now he's at Western Fear because he was all right. Right, right, no. Frank's to leave. That's his name. He's a great race-collar man. I wonder what's up his to leave. Anyway, Matthew Rosschow writes, Bush goes after the New York Times. Never freedom of speech and impression things like that. And I guess you gotta have a good memory. Back to the late night of the 1790s, under the Alien and Sedition Acts, then during the Civil War and again during WWI, the government prosecuted editors. It's not a practice that thrills me as an editor writes Matthew Rosschow. Nor should it throw you for that matter because it's about his blatant violation of the first amendment as there is. But that didn't stop represented Peter King, extremely household-minded security committee from letting me get the cuffs on the editors in New York Times. We're at war, he said, and for the times to really send from me, he's about secret operations and methods is treasonous. King said he would ask Attorney General Alberto Vio 5 Jose Jim and his Gonzalez to begin an investigation in prosecuted New York Times. The reporters, the editors, the publisher, people are reading all of these everybody in the street corner. The Cheney also dumped on the time saying that some of the news media take it upon themselves to disclose vital national security programs. This most offensiveized president said that offense me. Taking his cue from Cheney as usual, Bush on Monday said, for people believed that program and for a newspaper to publish it, that's great harm to the United States of America. The revelation yet, it makes it harder to win the war on terror. And Gonzalez himself is supposed to be the leading law enforcement officer of the US, and a sword to uphold the constitution has also been warning ominously about prosecuting journalists. While King Cheney Bush Gonzalez and many right wing punits don't seem to appreciate is that we the American people need to have a free press to check the excesses of government. Such a free press has never been needed more so than today when the Bush administration has taken access to the anti-degree. To my eyes, the New York Times has been aggressive enough. It held the NSA spying story for more than a year and led Judith Miller cozy up to the Iraq War cheerleaders and placed some of their propaganda on the front page. Our biggest failures have generally been when we failed a big deep enough or to report fully enough bill-collar added other times, acknowledged and led it to readers on June 25. He also revealed this how solicitous the time has become of the administration's views. Our decision to publish the story of the administration's penetration of the international banking system, follow a recent discussion between the administration officials and the times, not only the report of who wrote this story, but senior editors including knee-collar wrote. We listen patiently and attentively, we wait the most heavily the administration's concern that describing this program would endanger it. But the president doesn't deserve a seat at the editorial meetings of New York Times or any other newspaper. That's not his place. He's commander in chief, not editor in chief. It's up to us reporters and editors and publishers to decide what his news, not the branch of government that's supposed to be covering. Once the president takes over that job, the fourth estate is totally lost its function. So before Gonzales Cheney Bush and King throw Bill Keller and Arthur Salzburg and Juni in the Huzgo, they might want to consult a copy of the Constitution if they can still find one laying around. You know that piece of paper that crappy horse-of-ball piece of paper like your president said, repeat your president, 1993, what did I tell you by 1230 we'd have a thousand votes? Well, I'm telling you, I am as sharp as a marble. And it's probably going to stick over. I was 64 and almost 65 minutes gone by. You keep in track of this, you know, you also keep in track of the extra time. Well, you know, the soccer is the only game that I can think of, where there's a time factor in volume. There are some sports like baseball or time factor. The only one I could think of would have clocked never stops. Ever to my knowledge except it had time. It just keeps running and running and running. Well, like the time max, that's it. Like the energy drives the money. Just keeps going on and on. And then of course there's always that extra time that the referee decides he's got his own little stopwatch. And depending on who he bet on he decides how much extra time is going to be. Look at you, perfect soccer guru. Hey, I know my crap, Mr. Let me tell you right now. I know my Ronaldo from Brazil from that Ronaldo guy from Portugal. Who's ill and right now. He's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of little bit of a little bit of because you just kinda could get to the content. also 790, the ticket at a promotion were hiding out pictures of David Hastel II, the distract N speaks to the audience after a sign which said, doesn't have any considering it's love, but sometimes theahahia. What's wrong with someone guy? It depends on who you talk about it. Well, I wouldn't, I think... How are you done that? At any rate, 560, 560, 560, 560 and the variety in the single-door wireless line. 997, the timing on this is just it's staggering. Or there's one of the kind of easter guys that's out there. I think he got neither in the nuts. Thousand votes boys and girls, how do you like that? Did I say it by the time we got to 1230? Yeah. We're at a bar schedule, so let's get that Marlon pre-game show on right now. We've got another game until 7, 7.05. Marlon's in the table bay, never raised. How many people we had there last night, Josh? I have any idea. Well, I watched that on TV, I'm going to go with about 700. But they won! Yeah. They were doing a really, really busy and they pulled it on. They won 8-5 there. They were talking about white hot. They are red hot. They're the hottest team in baseball the last month. Am I correct about that? For the past 20 games or something, yeah? Yeah, CSI am. Of course that includes an eigeno-nunister, but nevertheless, they're orange-hots. They're a stick-and-nerve man. Then after I left on vacation to sweep the blue jays that we can, the blue jays went to verge of greatness. They were going to get me out of the first and they come in to South Florida right away. Like a bunch of smart asses. But I'm being, I'm sure you're in a row. I'm just going to get that for you. Just a stick-and-nerve man. Okay, that's your marginal organization. That was probably David Samson getting even. Thousand and two votes on a poll. Each year hearts out across the street. That's more of us. We got on a poll that you got a list. There's over there. With the juices loose and that's said bursting the shorts. Call for whatever his name is. What's that guy's name? Who? That's the Schmerl-a-Course call. You know, look at that. Did you see that they came within a hairlift of scoring gold, the guananese? The guanar-reagan. The guananese. I think the guanars. Though it is, well they're going to be in this match. I'll tell you that at the guanars. Hey, here's some good news for our lobster festives back if you Friday through Sunday at the Amal Coast of Best Chinese buffet in South Florida. And they got three locations for you. Sunrise, pepper, pines and sunny out's beach. In fact, go over there and talk to my good friend Richard at the Amal Coast. He's just as proud as I am at the least lost no playout games this season. Over a hundred different items featured on the Amal Coast buffet. So we sure and try them all. And we're not with six gourmet soups. Then go for delicious juicy New York steak grill order just the way you love it. Han car prime rib, business, sushi bar, and all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad and shrimp bar. I sell it and see you bar. Boy, you've been long vacation since you've been here long. It won't be that last. You won't know what to eat next at the Amal Coast. And it is Zerd Bar is spectacular during the week, but on the weekends even better because the 40 inch chocolate thundle make your mouth water. As you hand if your strawberry is marshmallow cheesecake of the neck and and treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a gigantic feast at the Amal Coast in the open. No MSG, you know cornstarch, no crap. It was only healthy, cholesterol, fake and all. Even alyowolic would be proud. So bring the whole family to the Amal Coast today called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for reservations nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. The Amal Coast Chinese buffet and don't forget to be proud of your Sunday. It's lobster fest at the Amal Coast where you can eat your heart's content without spending a lot of green. This is a meal Roger. One life. This is five sixty two eight. Okay. Now what's that? I don't know whether to read your own. That's how the suspicious and like a wonderful sneaky rejoins to me. Floridian dumb as Dirt. And now I enjoy being with a red button to the sterile. Do I smell all right? We have a check. Hmm. Because I refuse to drink. I like crunchy cake. Excuse me, I'm on a. Yes, I smell it a quit today. Not quite up to the German chocolate cake level. But when the carpet doesn't match the drapes, I'm satisfied with a coconut cream texture. I insist on big crunchy cake. Yes. I'm fine. Now. Hmm. I'm here to state my rationale for not allowing fart sounds on the neorotor shell. Hmm. Not only are fart disgusting, but not necessary. Battery gas can easily be controlled with self discipline. Patient point. I had coast law for lunch and see there is absolutely nothing to eat. Hmm. Hmm. The noise that is. Hmm. I mean, if I. With a little self coach. No. Hmm. Oh. Hmm. And you didn't hear a thing. Hmm. That's why I voted for Edward Maske. I told you she never farted. Didn't she never did? She never did. That Jewish bitch. Thousand five votes on the pole with that. Lusting. Get that score. Think back up on Talutta screen. By the way, Josh is right. Dave O'Brien is doing the games on ABC. How embarrassing. What are you talking about? The soccer games. The world cup. No way. I thought you really got a total meal. There was that facts who told you when he was an idiot because there was a baseball game going on. No, no, it's Dave O'Brien is doing the soccer when ABC. I'm sorry that right now. I heard a little bit of it. That's right. Yeah. Why do you just believe that? Well, because when the guy facts that in last week. It was wrong. It was calling a baseball game. So. I'm telling you right now, man. Is this thing on ABC? Let me just take a few get it. See, you have a must be. When you think. And they got an information on my ABC affiliate here. Why do I have that be? Hmm? On and there's that awful family few, but it got with a beard. What's that guy's name? Oh, my god. He's just horrible. You know the one I'm talking about. Family few that. Not anymore. Yeah. In fact, he's the. No, we. No, the lead me Anderson was even. Not as bad as this guy. It's still too nil Brazil. And they played 76 in an ambulance. The guy from home improvement. Oh, that guy. I don't know his name. He's on home improvement. Not anymore. He's on that show. Yeah, sure. What are all these. You know, who wants to see somebody read modeling a house. What kind of a show is that, you know, all the so called reality TV. It's just a treasure hunt. Do you see that one now? No. Haven't even seen a promo. Yeah, I see the promise for it. Oh, give me a. I'm not talking about to show you. Think I would watch any of these. What garbage man. Postures that the right wing free Republic message board. And of course, you know that much of website free Republic. Postures that the right wing free Republic message board today were roused into a fury of indignation by a new story about newer times revelations of the administrative legal programs of worthless surveillance. Posted by an individual calling himself or herself, peace on. I can't say the way that that's how you said. He's story. Let's cue. The story quoted Dick Cheney is saying. Can I say that? And I can say and. The New York Times. Now twice two separate occasions disclose programs. Both times they've been asked not to publish those stories by senior administration officials. They went ahead anyway. The least in the New York Times and the publishing of these links is very damaging. I guess I'm not so concerned about chaining the leak of Valerie claims identity of a coversia operative and who which jeopardize all of our operations. It's a. It's a. And her life and lives of a lot of other sea agents. The thread which followed this provocative statement was almost entirely devoted to imagining ever more extreme ways to get back at the times for what the posters widely considered be an act of treason. The recommended responses started out with a relatively mild and legal. Sick the AG on the NYT the attorney general. Can we have a class action lawsuit against the slimes for engaging American lives? Over they soon became increasingly vindictive. Whoever it is needs to spend the rest of his total life in the slamer. In dilence arrest and imprisonments are very much over here. Not to put a to find a point on it, but just how much treason is our president prepared to tolerate. The thread quickly took on the quality of a lynch mob when posters attending to one another in the level of their imaginary violence. I can only hope I get to see the video of Salzburg is be heading. If the government won't, I perhaps some private citizens will. Tara and feathers, you are the hurry definition of the term restraint. I was thinking more lines of Muslim solution. String them up right next to the mercenary's sad carcass. And I'm not a wet. Hey, like that. Nice. So there you go. These are the free republic.com crowd. Right, we bring up. Yeah, free republic. That's them. In other words, yeah, that's the acronym for them. Like that. Thousands of votes on the full still too new and they played almost 80 minutes in the world cup. And a strongly word in headline that's appeared across a variety of news websites. The associated press is formally accused president bush of ignoring laws that he signs. The AP headline at ABC News Bush ignores laws he angst vaccine Congress and AOL. Bush ignores laws he signs vaccine Congress and Yahoo Bush ignores laws he angst vaccine Congress. Sounds like Congress can pretty vex and complex the vaccine. Republican Senator Judiciary now what's that word to sound? On what? On it. Republican Senate Judiciary Committee are in the specter's handling the administration and what he believes is an excessive interpretation of presidential powers. A law is not finding when a president is a separate statement saying he reserves the right to revise interpret or disregard it on national security and constitutional grounds. That's the argument of Bush administration officials expected to make today be for the Senate Judiciary Committee chaired by Ireland's specter who is demanded a hearing on a practice he considers. An example of the administration's abusive power. It's a challenge to the plain language of the constitution specter said the AP. I'm interested to hear from the administration's just what research they've done, believe them to the conclusion they can cherry pick. Apparently enough to challenge many more statutes passed by Congress than any other president, specter's committee says. The White House doesn't dispute that, but not said Bush is hardly the first chief executive to issue them. Signing statements have long been issued by presidents dating back to Andrew Jacks, not the way to president Clinton, White House postman, woman Dana Perrano, city of state. And again, I wonder if she's related to Marty Perrano, left-handed voter from Syracuse. You think? Who? 2018 votes on the poll about soccer, baby. We got this big world cup game going in your poo poo in it. Just like Joyce that was poo here, I think she did three pools there at the end of that bit. She was the only one to tell you. Now that's count the ways that you poo on us, Joyce. I would say, but turn man. Okay, let's crank up some of these calls now, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What do you think? Do it? Pound five, 60, leave a rise and sing it a while to sign. Well, I'm pretty much glued into this, so soccer match. It was simply the end. How did you do that? Hello. Oh, is this the Neural Actress show? Yes, sir. Hey, I'd be up to be sure that Dave O'Brien definitely call him those games in Europe. And there's been stories about the Sun's and all the air, all of them. It's his biggest effort to leave his life and all that stuff. I hope I hear you. I know that. Thank you, sir. I heard of myself. Do I not know Dave O'Brien when I hear him? Joyce? Uh, yeah, I guess. My, I knew it was him. I knew him and your poo poo on him. I just don't understand you. You're poo, you're pulling man. The crowd is pulling and you're pulling and you're in a course of choices. And Bob, you can understand why the crowd is pulling that bitch. Heetful and nasty. So it just makes it up and she goes along man. Well, you pet plenty of fart sounds and you can't say that. It's the air right. Yeah, mama. I think like that, Joyce. Take that and put in your pipe and let your it smoking. Maybe two minutes and 10 seconds gone by and the Ghana knees man. It had some excellent scoring chances. But every time they get new that Brazil, the goal for some strange reason. They kick it very high and very wide, you know. But if you're going to hockey gets a penalty shot and he goes in all alone and he shoots it like 15 feet wide. And then if there's something really odd and a really stink about that whole deal. Finally, a TV experience like no other, Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use. Let's, you take viewer control to a whole new level with the Comcast on demand. TV is on your terms because you can select to show on your schedule. Pause every one or whatever you want. And for a limited time, you can get connected to Comcast, digital cable. And HBO on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand? I'm so glad you asked. For a star is you can watch over 3000 free movies and shows. Whenever you want, whenever you're in a mood. And so revolutionary in a way to enjoy TV. On demand is the way to start when you say so. But programming, including free movies, kid shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more. You'll always have something really great to watch right when you're in a mood to watch it. You sure can't get all this with satellite. So this is that day today and get big savings up to 515 bucks. Plus on demand. So you can build your own TV schedule. And festival on demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable. So pick those short times to back into under how you're managing it along without it. Call today or to Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power of on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months. And date call 305 Comcast and then Broward. 954 Comcast for a full of sales column today. Certain restrictions apply. This is new Roger. This is 516. But if a redewon is going to be redewon one time and it's going to be like in the middle of a break, it doesn't work for me. Okay. And I don't want to like type which boss to you. But it just doesn't work for me. I wish I could say it didn't nail me a few times last week and yesterday. That doesn't work. Okay. So whoever is making up this log and I use the term very loosely. I mean how can we have like all three and a half and four minute break all day and then like the second break in the next hours of 92nd break. This is a individual even though you you know highly touted him when he first showed up on a scene. He would know a log from a log cabin. He would know a link in a few songs. I said it with a nice guy. Oh he's a nice guy but he's usual. My guy's always. He would think that you're safe. He would see a way and one if you say. If you think that one thing you might have a day. If you were to go and share. You might not be safe. You better be safe. You better be safe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You better be safe. You better be with me all the way. Yes. You better be safe. I'll do good at sharing. Well, 4713. And you know they say any over till it's over. It's all over. I'd be so dramatic. We're so whipped up about. I mean not technically over but it's over because Brazil scored again. Yeah. And I was finally got a shot there. The gun on ease but the go the go the go the stuff it and they're like come in and to go and record. And then they'll have a little extra time and then bye bye. It's reasonable for Brazil. So I see enough of that crap. Okay. Turn it off. I did. Seven men charged with conspiring to bomb the serious tower in Chicago and the FBI building in Miami were in trapped by federal informant lawyers for two of the suspect said yesterday. And in that minute should last week accuse the men of pledging loyalty to Osama Bidlanz al Qaeda and seeking the group of support to wage war against the US government. The person I thought was an al Qaeda representative was actually an FBI informant to I just as a department be saying. In 2011 the court appointed attorney for suspect Patrick Abraham city believes his plan was instair by the informant. There was a lot of talking going on by the informant more listing by the defendant and or the defendant so the folks who have been a rally the only still rally. That's how I run that country. Nathan Clark is a lot of send them there. Let's send us as to record that him run. What do you say? Bring off. Bring all the troops home and send them to the rally over there. Sure. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can do it by phone. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't do that. He can't sleep. He can't do that. And it's a great experience. It's about time we had something good. And it broke ass mountain too. That's kind of cute. The zeit thing. That's great. What else we got. I don't even know who that is. Who sitting there with some blind in his life. Who is that? That's George. That's George. Yeah. George has got a tongue that long. Well, that explains a lot of things. That's George. God compensated for all my hair. to know a picture too. No, look like hell on wheels. And, he's he, who is that? Not a number. That is that. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I was up at that. And then, such as there, looks like about not a day over 90. Remember, he's just two years younger than you. Old, right. Oh, and you know something? Wait a minute. We're said that John Lennon bit, because that's going to fit in for my birthday, too. Huh? Paul McCartney. What I say, John Lennon? Well, he's aging. He's aging well. Yeah, why didn't they get Paul McCartney instead? No, no, and I see now he's just a kid. That's right. Yeah, I've got to play the whole thing. And now you look old, suds. You'll see how about older than me. Now you are older. You still have your hair. And your off-stiebe. Well, you know how it is when you don't see somebody for a long time. Like a celebrity, which he's kind of like a minor celebrity in his own mind, right? But you don't see somebody for a long time, and then you see me. Oh my god, what kind of a train wreck were you in? You know, well, he, his hair wasn't so white last time. You sign. No. What here? Ha ha ha. Now he, you, because that's not white as gray. Mm-hmm. Suds is old and gray. Well, we're getting old, man. Yes, we are. We're the weather man. Kicks to bucket after that bitch called and said, Oh, I think he's on his last last last. What's he saying is death bed? I don't remember that. Yeah. You don't remember because you weren't there. Josh was there. Oh, and then the girl with a, um, K-mark thing, the Walmart. Wow. What is that? What is that? Now let me just ask you something. Is there moving this stuff around a little bit, so I can maybe can read it. Because it's got the godfather logo is covering over us. I got to do something from Walmart. Oh, take a puke at that. That is scary. But there's some human looking people on here. Our new friends. We have a new way up there. And believe me, with the way this current regime is running this radio station, we all the friends we can get. Believe me. In fact, that might be the whole audience. 112. Let me refresh you. You think, do I want to talk with Mike and Noah? No. Now still 112. It's not exactly taken off. But it's, it's nifty in the street. And what's supposed to accomplish, I have no idea. But it, you know, give me your people something to do. I have no right. There are these boring hot summer days, right? Right. And we can be making calls to us in spring. Timmer. Timmer. We can't believe someone wrote as a comment on the previous relay. Yes, they did. Now, now, my missing something on here. Let me go back to that thing. Am I missing the comments or the comments with the pictures? I'm, yeah, I have a really, the comments that people post are, would be, the bottom right. So just scroll down. The bottom right. Yeah. Well, I mean, they'll start right under our top 12 friends that we have there. And I see. But they all have pictures with them. Right. Well, that's who posted. I understand. What am I somehow, why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of a child man? Well, I am going through my second childhood. I'm just saying you didn't know where to find the comments. They're right there for it. Why don't we have to find it? They say, comment. I found it. What do they? I might actually go back for it. If I thought I'd get a refined it again. Anyway, that's, that's nifty. And we're like, no, no, no, no. And also speaking of stuff that has to do with the show, which I realized is unusual. Where did you find that thing that's on our website? Let me go go to the home page. Oh, a listener. And please don't ask me who because I'm getting a lot of emails these days with times today. Good. For the wjd, right, a listener is a email that's me. And there it is. And it's what was easiest to. About all these butchered and murdered children. It will choke you up. Yeah. Everybody needs to take a look at that. I can't. I'm going to do a special show. Yeah. And you good. I've got the questions out there. There's so much behind this butcher. there that's killing and maiming and wounding and destroying people's lives. And they're bragging about the fact that, oh, in Baghdad, there actually is some parts of the city where they're back up to 12 hours of electricity. They say 115 degrees over there in the shade now. They're conditioning my ass, which of course couldn't hurt. But it's just, just pathetic. Anyway, Matthew Rothschild has an interesting, it's not really an article, it's just a, some facts from the progressive. The following 13 senators deserve our thanks for courageously voting to withdraw all U.S. for a direct within the next year. These 13, Daniel, by the way, there's a player on Brazil named Kaka. Yeah. Kaka, that's his name and the British announcer, the stuffy British announcer, we used to say that, so we kept on Kaka. Kaka, Kaka, Kaka. That would be good. Anyway, Samuel, Senator Daniel, Kaka from Hola Kaka, Bar, Bar, Bar Boxer of California, Dick Durban of Illinois, Tom Harkin of Iowa, Daniel anyway of Hawaii, James Gaffer is independent of Vermont, tent Kennedy, John Kerry, Frank Lottonberg of New Jersey, Patrick Lee, the co-sponsor, along with Barbara Boxer from Vermont, Robert Mnendez of Jersey, Russ Feingold, Wisconsin, and Ron Wyden, Democratic Oregon, all Democrats of course, and independent. The following Democratic senators opposed the withdrawal amendment, showing once more that the notion of a unified discipline and genuinely opposition party does not exist in this country. The major party devoted to peace. Here's the rule of shame, says Matthew Rothschild, the rule of shame, Senator Max Boxes of Montana, Evan Bivindy, and a Joe Biden Delaware, Jeff Binghamman of New Mexico, Robert Bird of West Virginia, that old turd, Maria Campwell of Washington, Thomas Carpore of Delaware, Hillary Clinton of New York, Kent Conrad of New York to Dakota, Mark Daytonu of Minnesota, Chris Dodd-Conrad, Kip Byron Durban North Dakota, Diane Feinstein of California, Tim Johnson, South Dakota, Herb Kohlwish, Johnson, Mary Landry of Louisiana, Carl Lebanon of Michigan, Jewelie Roman of course, Blanc's Lincoln of Arkansas, Barbara McCullsky of Maryland, Pet Patty Murray of Washington, Hey Patty, you're fairie, Ben Nelson of Bill Nelson of Florida, Bill Nelson, Ben Nelson of Nebraska, Barack Obama of Illinois, Mark prior of Arizona, Jeff Wheat of Rhode Island, Harry Wheat of Nevada, Kent Salazar Colorado, Paul Sarbanza of Maryland, Chuck Schumr of New York, and the Debbie Stavano of Michigan, even Harry Reid, no balls. That Joe Lieberman voted against Conherley Be called a shocker and he will only front it for the Republicans as the website cooksandliers.com points out. They call it him first as their own advocate against the amendment. Every day Lieberman is becoming more and more like Rabbi Bangle's door from Philip Ross plot against America, you know the one who sucked up to Lindberg? Yeah. And note that even the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid voted against his amendment, that's leadership, even Barack Obama voted against it. Chris Dodd-Conrad, Joe Biden, Evan Bivota against it. Before we could vote against it, too, all five of them want to be president, but these are not profiles encouraged to which I would say. That's so really correct. I like that. Spinalist Bunch of Cowards. That's right. Just pathetic. $175,000. So be sure to announce, I asked you that question and I never really got an answer. What's the question? Are we going to put a link on that myspace.com thing that we got or as we are? No. Because when you think we need a lot more friends that way? Yes, we will. And we're looking for friends. Believe me. Especially in the current environment. I noticed that on the Dowerman, because copy it said, Jeff, hi, slash. What's it, Gary Sarner? Okay. Gary Sarner. So not that Gary Sarner's got his thing, Reneta-Conrad. Oh, I saw it and say that. Hey, we like Gary Sarner. Why is that? Oh, that's right. You got your Ruth Chris. I went in there also. You went in weird. I went to Ruth Chris. They give you some of those things. I got a certificate. I went in there. I got three of them. How do you like that? Well, it's not fair, but you know, it's okay. Who do you mean it's not fair? No, I'm going to. I'm going to be stuck there for me or next check. I'll shot. I took advantage. It was great. In fact, I'd be glad to send you those. Although I would like to use them here, because they got a great. I mean, a fantastic Ruth Chris and the Hilton Hotel downtown Toronto. Really? I heard it was bad. So you should just send them down. Yeah. So I could use it. I heard it's great. I just heard the four lower ones better. So if you'd want to just send them down, it'd be better. So you actually went in there and kissed Gary Sarner's anh. No, I met the chef at the O that came in and brought the food when we were in. Yeah. And I'll see who all was there though. That's right. Tommy was there that day. George was on vacation. George got screwed over badly. Yeah. All right. I'll make up somehow. Boy, that's a bad Tommy man. He was in there like at seven o'clock in the morning. Tommy deserves it. Yeah. Especially after the wait clearance, Browby, Tim. That's right. 114 at 5. 60 WQM. Tonya, about great food is easy to do when you know how good it is. Like the melting pot, for example. I've been a melting potter for years and years. That goes, you know, that goes all the way back to Zeta. If you haven't been in one of South Florida's melting pot restaurants in a while, now's time to go back because it is really quite an experience and better than ever before two. As you guys know, because at least you don't get messed up on it. You've been there a couple of times when a melting pot. I'm brave. And they'll be in a variety. So much you do get messed up. It's a full four course dining experience starting with a round cheese fondue. Serve with three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next comes you choice a lively salads. Your own present food, a combination of lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, cagin, seasoned chicken, pork, duck, part of all mushrooms and lots more cooked in oil or broth, whichever you prefer. And don't forget the melting pot so many dipping sauces. That's what makes the fondue of stir-in's fun and really tasty. And now, of course, speaking of tasty, the clincher that every meal with the melting pot is those fantastic, be those fantastic desserts. Like they're chocolate fondue with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, all your fresh favorite fruits, cheesecake, brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos, or gram crackers for dipping. But there's nothing in a world like it. It's only waiting for you at the melting pot. So if you're getting tired and bored, the same old crap take the whole gang up for real treat at the melting pot nearby. You can tell me the old Neil sent you by. There's a pot in cruel sprays, mommy beat, nor mommy beats, Cooper City, for a lot of day, I'll kindle and even prestigious Boca. And I'm sitting here with this thing all screw up. This is Neil Roger. That's what you want. This is for a fantastic, stinger bath. Holy Macanah, this is Jobo in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. That's a movie. It's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that's a song that looks like it. I'm dying on the hand. I don't want to do what I do. I do like the grassroots a lot. Yeah, and that stuff was on there. I had crappy sent me as it was. 3600 and some odd songs on my iPad that only just begun. Like the program is with say only to that's on it. I know it's on it. Yeah, I was on it. Well, the flight back from Amsterdam to Toronto. I don't want to be all-time best. But it sure kills some good time. I don't want to go through all the problems. The plane was too hot and they couldn't board and then butter beat. But it would be just the traveling thing is not what it used to be. It would be real pain in the glass. For us 92 votes, I guess I'll let you guys to take those seats next time. I'll come next to the time of the euro. All right. Sounds good. Same Augustine Florida. The jury that found Justin Barber guilty of murdering his wife during a stroll on the beats has recommended that he received the death penalty. The panel which liberated her 51 minutes was put 8 to 4 in favor of the death penalty. Josh Edward Headstrom will make the ultimate sentencing decision but underfloor to law he must give great weight to the recommendation of the jurors. Instead of having a defense to a death sentence yesterday, a lawyer for Barber charged the jury and said that a defendant decided on principle not to allow relatives to plead for his life. He will not put his family through that. He will not do that in an effort to seek mercy for a crime he didn't commit. The defense attorney Robert Willis said during brief remarks to the jury that found the 34-year-old guilty said a day murdering his wife. As the defendant looked on from the defense table, as attorney told jurors he was dumbfounded by the decision. He looked at him all when he looked at him like that. Then what they should have done the O.J. trial? All right. The jury should have looked at the jurors and gone. Like that. I think that's what O.J. did. What did he win? Kind of like that. I'm not going to have to. I'm not going to find that thing. Juice. You know what I'm talking about? What do you talk about? No juice. Oh man, the written is not that big thing. He told you. Anyway, as the defendant looked on just said that, I don't know where how you got where you are. He said chicken. You said echoing acas achy made against police in the closing argument of the trial. Well, I said apparently you have found every sinister inference there is. The six men and six women on the jury stared back at us with black expressions like Huh? The panless return to the jury room yesterday morning to decide whether Barbara should receive death or lack in prison without the possibility of parole for gunning down his wife April. I'm deserted beats in 2002. He claimed she was killed by a mugger who also shot him four times. What do you think about it? I think if it had a common. How's it going? By the way, you know, I noticed one of our friends out there, 119 friends that we have on at new, uh, my, uh, place.com is, uh, Johnny G. Oh, come on. No one would Johnny G's pizza. And that's before your time. That was way back to Zeta. Right. Johnny G. He's the fact to say we now in a case. He's still out there. That's the kind of people we need to hear from on our, on that thing on my space place. Yeah, I'm looking at Rosie right now. But you are. I wonder if there's anybody I'm looking at. No, not yet. Although I looked at though, there was somebody on there. Well, let me look at him. Jay, who's like got a fat face like me and that is old. What are you laughing about? There's Matthias. And you know, is she what Matthias is coming? Yeah. Yeah. Nice Matthias. I wonder if he's going to Matthias Nordstrom, the hockey player. What is, uh, what's his name? Samuel Eto. Sam Alito. Oh, no. And that cute? That's very cute. Yeah, this would give us something extra to do. We'd all these comments and from our five friends. I mean, how many have we gone? Well, let me ask, I'll see. In other words, just the ones that said the pictures that are ones that are like, uh, no, anybody can send a comment. The thing is like to be like, you have to have an account to be a friend, you know, you got to my space set one up. I mean, it's free. Oh, 116. Excuse me. 116. I'm excited to answer. 119. We have only 116 friends. We feel a lot really, very bad about that. Don't you feel bad? No, not really. We just got to go. 116 friends. I've discovered that sometimes one is enough for the depending on, you know, the time and the certain sizes. 26 past one at five, 60 WQA, but I'll take it one thing. You know, when you're not doing these shows very often, it seems like, what? 40, 50 hours ago we sat down here. Holy cow, rat man, man. Just market down that today. I'm complaining about being overworked through me some a month. Just market down and see what kind of response you get around the building. I'm probably going to be the attendants to loot and several other. By the way, Brazil beat out the, I got our real team. I think it was three Neil for Brazil. How do you world cup of sat there? How long does that go on? My God, it just goes on and on for like ever. And they have all these, they have some of the games in cities in Germany that I've ever heard of before. I think I'd like to check them all out. All of cities in Germany, especially going back to Berlin and Colone. If you're a cigar smokey, you'll like to be back with a good premium brand and they he is cigars by Tony Bajani is for you. These hard to find, Stowees are made with first grade tobacco, processed in age of 10 years. But here, like I've been telling you for a long time, is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But here gold, a flagship line gets to 91 rating by cigar fishing. I was cigar insider and a 9.1 rating by Schmoke Magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body, Nick or Rockowins cigar. See? This is like Stan Major. Has got earthy-hints of dark rose coffee, chuffets, pison pepper flavors. Also be sure to try to be here to sail. The hottest release of garden last ten months, and the sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider. It's a big powerful cigar. And I'll make you gagging choke like I just did with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. Now finish as long and full body, with additional spice and an odor charred wood. To receive 40% you want to say almost half the price of all your beehives cigars. When you call an order, I'm just telling the arrivals to it. You call and you'll say 40% nearly half. Call 1-800-35 behier. That's 1-800-35 B-a-n-h-i-e-e-e-e-ed- t-a-z-e-z-u-n-e-g-d-z-e-sott. You must have read應該 for it. That is answered by Mr. Joo's profits he referred to. The rest of the in my room cut mache from Bill Ragh you t-a-n-m- gross weeds. That's the best price thing on it in any g-finals. You dreaded the most Amere to vote it in guess what you lost Secrets told me you can no longer stay And fall ahead nothing nice to say And then they put your manta shot You need a cook career test from a ground You've been kneeling by the ball pound You gotta sing along and on and on you go away Say one no one like this today And there's the reason that you got You're saying a bad song You wore a bad shirt, so I'm a tag-in-word You're a good boy, and I'm a bad word You say you'll be fine, you're still feeling fine But I'm a front now, you'll be parking cars You say you're bad song, you're not used to seeing You're 15 years, I'm used to reading You say you're bad song You say you're bad song You're a good boy, 30 and 5 and 6 You've got to be sure about something breathtaking Earthshocking coming over Mario thing right now Yeah? I'm just printing it out Okay Remember that shirt we had earlier About Russian is Viagra See? Russia Limbaugh could see a deal with prosecutors in a long-wiring prescription fraud case collapse After a 30 saw to bottle of vibrant as Baguette Pomegranate National Airport The prescription was not in his name Limp, Limp, Ball was detained for more than three hours just to adhere For after returning from a vacation and I report liquid in Minikana Customs officials found the bag when his luggage but his name was not in the prescription said Paul Miller Exposed into the Pomech County Sheriff's office Miller said the alleged violation could be a second-to-be Mr. Miner The Sheriff's Office was investigating will soon turn the case over to State Attorney's Office which had no immediate comment today Under the deal reached last month with prosecutors Limbaugh was not to be arrested for any Infection for 18 months and exchange for authorities the furring a charge of docked the shopping Prosecutors had alleged a conservative software host illegally the sea of multiple physicians to receive overlapping pain-cover Prescription Limbaugh also must have meant to land in drug tests and continue treatment for his Admitted addiction to pain killers Limbaugh's doctor and prescribed the vagabor but it was labeled as being issued to the physician rather than Mr. Limbaugh for privacy purposes Right black Limbaugh's attorney sent this statement right for privacy purposes if you get the vibe where everybody in a world Me a king can find out but if rush needs it and we don't want to say that That would be bad for his image is this much or right wing piece of turd you know, sir U.S. Customs and border protection exam of the 55 year old radio commentators luggage after his private plane Lended the avoids private plane excuse me Investigate his confiscated the drugs which treat your rectal dysfunction Limbaugh was released without being charged He didn't get his charge and there need to happy about it. I didn't like that So he may be a screw up his other deal. Wouldn't that be a shame? Yeah, that would be bad trade tragedy Yeah, oh look at what we got on the pulley 11. You 11 first time I think in history What I tell you I may not be doing a lot of shows this summer before they're gonna be record breaking and Earthshocking and newsmaking that will be on the front page of the sunset Limbaugh special time jitter report 1111 votes on the poll slightly move on 35 yet. What do you think? I know I still have issues with the sun settle by the way We'll end the with their website sucks 1111 votes. What's your take on the world cup soccer is so boring. Oh, amen for 13 moderately interested 1996 I love it watching it on TV 224 what's the world cup 82 as boring is watching any other sport 62 and I hate this pool Trent the quadro 34 what I call it? I got a ride close it Yeah, well, I start with a Spanish in the in the Titan and then a Japanese that's heard over that Sorry to not this thing about Anita Marx Well, what are you're assignment for tomorrow morning early as the beats the crap out of the beast stick them with the red hot poker Right, yeah, it should be easy to find God who do you have any idea who that is Anita Marce? She was on my phone make believe I think she was on that 1400 thing yeah, yeah, and this goes back to that sports Presurity there again inside of the building we don't care about Anita Marce We care a lot more about Groucho Marce and Harpo and Zeppo and Huna and Chico Yeah, chico's we don't have a crap about Anita Marce. She don't get no high marks for us And nobody has any idea who that is all I heard that she was in playboy looked up her pictures in and I don't know if they make brown bags big enough to cover that nose really yeah, so like I said why would we care about Anita Marce be so other not go I mean that's something you did find a bag big enough. She's got a pretty nice right Right, in other words, she's an a TV show to me in the TV business. She's got a fine set That's what she's saying got a butter face everything's nice butter face Can you believe it's really not? Part day yeah Oh my god two-shade part-case Well, whatever happened to those spots those were good spots They were okay. They know some great spot those about a hundred years ago for a new punk stuff They're I haven't seen those in a long time. Those are good I'm taking yeah, yeah, oh and this funny. Oh, they got seems positive. Oh, you know what they were talking about In an Argentine and in Brazil while so different in the day county You know what they watch all day long on a TV? I give up no you don't so far great all day. Oh, yeah, and these are those same of course I don't want to say macho guys in Brazil because I think that would be getting creative way Macho ladies in Brazil, but yeah, and the Latinos are very very and also in a spiny man It's very big on those know what they know. Hellas see what they're huge You know we're pretty big on them here in the studio to have a different reasons Yeah, for words five six seven. Oh five sixty we got Kim Bo Kampward to mad dog at four He'll tell you all about that very jackass column from Mo Friday. See how come we have very jackass Put it in the paper and they says well, it's not definite and we don't know when and since Mo got blown out and whatever Very sad See one thing maybe the men maybe the name of the manager is changed, but they're still programming the station to the very jackass column in the arrow didn't work before and gonna work now somebody Q AM hello Neo you act like you're so righteous Somebody Q AM hello Yes, sir. You're not gonna believe it, but when I got into the car you were mentioning that I need a march person. Yeah, I know who that is. Do I know who that is? I just got to a Tony who it is Oh, you could say it was a lady quarterback for the buying football team the lady Miami theory Right, right, okay now another thing meal, but nobody cares about her I don't understand nobody knows what that is and this way so all my favorite sending me a big story about her She's involved a more and nobody cares there either now another thing you're much and Tony cigarette I was gonna fill in right there is been morning for the home of this what what show or actually Which station was it when they had shopping gold steams and the engine killer? I forgot what his name was the forest right people Which was that was that Q AM or was that I OV? That was Q AM that was because they were still called the first team correct the worst team Yeah, the worst thing but that's all before our time. That's way way back shopping I should not be happy. I can't believe you said, Shafi makes me feel really crappy It's a long I've been looking for you. Yeah, alright, alright, buddy. Thank you. Thanks, Pally. Yeah Did you understand the last thing when he said that's how long I've been listening to what does that happen? It was I didn't know where he said Well, why not I was I used to earn that crappy because he said Shafi I was checking the website to see if I could put that link up there Steve Shapiro is pretty weak Is he still around Steve Shapiro? She Shapiro? Sports guy sports nerd very weak. So they're the break. Yeah, something you don't often do look under the pole on the website Yes, and there it is. Oh the link well, why can't it why can't I do it right now? Oh you could do it I'm so kind of a slow poke like I had a my computer skills would this astonish you Meals my face right about there. What would Jesus do he'd probably say I'm a friend and it says this page cannot be found We are adding Jesus to our friends. No, I just click meals my space and says this page cannot be found So Eric it's a work in progress. I guess it's the link the link is going up But it's not link anything yet. That's weird. I just this is work for you No, but it should because that's the site another way to tell the world Work for me and it doesn't work for you therefore it's still Eric and finished it. Okay? It says this page cannot be found we've all seen that how many million times have we said it come up I don't think I'm Eric thing WWJD what would you that's just fine there with all those and there's the one that says a hole There you go. You know, we know what that was all about and I again and progress It's above Al Gore's picture. Sorry, I'll although When you're my down let's see meals my space. I clicked it again this page cannot be found I know but the correct address comes up so I think it's a problem with my space maybe it's being flooded or being updated Oh, yeah, we're flooding my space right Uh-huh. Well, you are talking about between the web and 116 friends 116 friends and I was nothing to do with your page my space There's so many millions of people. I just have I know that we still got 116 friends We're pumping the crap out of this man. We still like a 116 old bean Holy cow. We had a lot of work to do We got 1129 votes, but I don't know those only 16 our friends. Well people are going to look at it people Yes, what did you just say? I told you said It's something about peaking too. Oh, and I'll see can we yes we can't play that one anymore either keep been through I like that bit my space. I just clicked it again. He was my biggest page. I'll be fine. Nice going Eric You to man So you're saying it's not his fault. No, I say because I just thought going there the conventional way But I just did to I had no problem. I went right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah See my URL's I just cooked down on her way right there. I think I'd always still have only one 16 old bean And I went back to our thing and one 16 for the queen And I clicked on Eric's a kneels my space nothing can't be found baby We're looking for it. We can't find it. Anyway 19 till two all you people out there. I have no life Just start looking for it. Maybe you'll find it. I doubt it keep looking if you have a business Need to get customers away from the competition. Here's the perfect business partner for you Pub sit printing and design Pub sit can design print everything you need and you are arsenal Just look at this play booth. They made a bit me on our website and you can find that it's way down to buy Out of the page and you look at and say holy crap or see even more They're phenomenal work at pubs at sf.com on their website Pub sit can print everything in need from business cards to banners posters to their especially Tratio booths and displays pubs have designed and printing the very best for over 14 years and pubs that can handle it all in house Call of it nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five as nine five four Seven seven two seventy two seventy five Betty at see for yourself at pubs at sf.com look your best and get those new customers It's your business and it's pubs as business to make you look great and they do call nine five four Seven seven two seventy two seventy five go to pubs at sf.com look for my gross picture Underbuilding on this the highway just north of commercial choose the very best pubs and printing and design Call of a man old love story to call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five This is A That Right now, James, I love to be coming back. I'm trying to consider the look where the big counter-ed. If you want to know what will save you from shutting the transmitted down, why not season? You won't want to fall, you'll be in slow. Go to the fire, won't you be in slow? I'm not going to die, won't you be in slow? I'm not going to fall, you'll be in slow. I think they're all too close, only that you would be gay. Right now, my ratings have bottomed down in this day. I'm waiting, you have the remodeling, you're not going to die in slow. And we can't! All you need is hope, no take it anymore. All you need is hope, no take it anymore. All you need is hope, no take it anymore. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I have to do it. I can't believe it. I'm not going to die, you'll be in slow. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I want to step on everything. 146-14-02, a man-old man, the end is inside today. And of course, you're going back to our OB back on Thursday, then I'll be on Sunday, not too soon. 1138 votes. Too bad about that fourth of July, and really too bad about that Marlon Game next Thursday. Don't you think out of field, Billy? No. Two son Arizona, an empty cansky with a military seal discovered in the desert, was discarded by a mortuary after the deceased family who was requested that the body would be exhumed and cremated to Florida. Deputies were called to the desert area near I-10 Saturday after two people playing paintball found the casket, which was metallic silver, when the S. Army and Sibyanan. For our second investigators, then took DNA samples, began efforts to try to find where the casket came from. Mortuary employees contacted the authorities yesterday, and Sunday after seeing news of counts about to discover. Why does today seem like Monday to me? Because it's the first day you're working? That's when it seems like Monday. No information was given on who had been buried in the casket. It's a casket. It's a casket. It's a casket. Deputies don't bark by a spokeswoman for the Pima County Sheriff's Office at the casket. It was taken to a landfill after the body was exhumed and laid may. Someone took it from the landfill and then just dumped it. Why do people just so, I guess, wiki? They say, wiki about the whole retreating people's bodies. I just understand that. Well, there should be dignity for the dead. How much dignity is there for like a stiff? I guess they don't want it to happen to them. That's why you got to get cremated right away. I don't know if my fat body and burn it baby. Why not? Can you imagine how great stakes you can cook on that? I think it goes back to the whole concept of not accepting death. Right? Go ahead and dig up a casket. Some are stiff from George Washington. Somewhere you'll find his casket right? I'm sure. Dig it up. What are you going to find in there? Like for example, you saw the old man, the original one with Gregory Schmeck. And you remember how he and the fatographer, the freaked out fatographer? How they went to Italy? Right? And they went to that, what do they call that place? Not a rectory, but the place where all those dying priests, like a hospice. A hospice for priests. And then he gave them directions to go to where to find the caskets. His deceased son, right? It turns out was an animal. Remember that? That's right. But he was getting bones in there. Not that's forget the skin. Just bones. Right? A tisket of tisket. There's a skeleton in your casket. And we just, I don't know. I just don't understand why people get so, I mean, that's it. You're born and you die. And that's it. That's the end. Oh, no. The soul goes to heaven and they're looking down on this right now. No, they're not. They're looking at us with what? What? How do you look with no eyes? With no brain? And of course, that's the kind of people that believe this crap. No brain. That's why they're still living. So they'll be right at home in death. And I'm saying, right? It'll fit right in with God's game plan. Look at that Gilbert raised enough money to build an entire village. What does that mean? There's that you'll bear. Right, no problem. I have enough. Or they are to be here. Oh, a village for the poor and Jamaica is called Barbara's village. I see. This is like small time Warren Buffett's. Little people who made a difference. We're saving some desperate people. I'll tell you one thing. That'd be two of the last places that I would send to spend money to save people would be like a kind of rhymes don't it? Kind of. Those would be two of the very last places I'd send a dime to. But all the respect to your Jamaican friends and dealers. I only have a friend and he or dealer. Well, so what do you need him for that? You don't move to him? You get rid of man. You too much excess baggage. He got rid of himself. Was that the dead one? No, no. He moved to Houston. He might as well be dead. I thought maybe that was the fat one. The fat one was the... I don't think there's a lot of fat Jamaicans, aren't they? I don't think I've ever seen any fat Jamaicans. I'll try. And that kind of strange when you're smoking all that good weed and it gives you that big appetite all the time. Now that you've had a zanol about it. Maybe there's better than all their money and weed can't afford no calories. That's our thing. Let's find one of our friends on that my space. If we can get that thing straight enough. Let's find a fat Jamaican listener. Wouldn't that be great? Okay. I'm going to try and click on that thing again because I can't believe that Eric threw up that bad. He's usually pretty good with this stuff. He's that thick sentence. We just never thought the problem is in what person is. And there it is. I'm... I'm... I'm... I know that this man can get the job done. Believe me. In between feetings. There ain't nobody like it. So there it is. You just click on that thing. Now we're going to find some friends. That's the way to do it. Right there. Under the... is it under the pool? Let me take a look. Yeah right under the pool. Neals my space. Click on that baby. And it takes it all whole new place. Baby my space our place. And we got to like godfather stuff on there. Wouldn't surprise me if you click in the right place. You get like some godfather drop in. I'm being blown up and all over your nice side. We'll make sure. Like that one. Right? Wouldn't that be good? We can throw up and have some nifty stuff on there. And then the see there's the picture of you looking like you. Although I think the only thing we're all the respect to being able to find job on is But the picture on the right. Where's my picture in the middle of the queue? Yeah. My mouth has been doctored there. You don't say that. That's an airbrush rendition that's that bond from excitement. What do you mean by that? That's a painting of you. No it's not. Okay. No that that picture is from one of the old QM cars. And tell you right now. One of the old QS cars that bond from excitement took and made an airbrush painting of you. You made a painting of me? That's a painting. Everybody wrote in my lips big. He's probably seen them. What's I had a stroke? You had. I think of it. I don't want to like poop. His work there. But just like Joyce was saying, poop. I'll see. Oh man. I think I just felt it. One fifty three. So anyway that's just kind of a fun thing. You know, for us to play with this summer. I'm so lonely correct. For those people who don't have too much to do. I have no life. Hey, if you love the finer things in life, then you love stogies. It's my least quintessential cigar shop in Kendall with South Florida's largest selection cigar. Stogies of Kendall. You sure to have all your favorites. So he's got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from including all the top brands that you know and love and covet like Arturo Fuente. To drone my decrease to Romeo and Juliette and so many more including a large selection of premium cigars. It closed out prices as well as the obscure and hard to find brands. Come at the store. He's today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest. Spotik wines from all around the world and be sure to join Stogies every Friday for their wine tasting from five until even the PM featuring some of the most delicious burdo's that Francis got to offer. You'll find Stogies in 11612 North Kendall Drive. They're open every day seven days a week. You can call Stogies to reserve a box of your favorites cigars 305 5 9 8 98 20 when you stop and say how to marry when the girls stand or any any and get a free cigar that they just permissioning my name and stuff and buy. That's Stogies in Kendall 116 12 North Kendall Drive 305 5 9 8 98 20. This is a new Roger. This is 5 16. Wonderful WQA. What? Freedom's out. Play hear them of once go with the hang from trees and play banjo. You got some full-form. A station on. New fangled, crazy old. Now as north and run the goals. Rallies of big city at home. That's where the bees leaves had to go. Rallie, Rally Jones. Rallie and... You'll do what he can. In your hand like a friend. Then quickly walk away. Yes, they had Jones. Go to five six o'clock with ratings and the toilet mold to get those. Playing for co-mows and order and control. And then so, Gally Rally Jones, above Jumor and Hindeno, he lets mows. Go, and here's what mows. It's Gounty, his old show. Hillman could take change. And re-al-range. It's where so to say. He hasn't gone a thing. Or what goes on the air at two. The old, paddomers think it's gloom. Out of four. Not that essentially. Flows for co-radiol. The G.M. Of 56 old Jale Rallie Jones. Rallie and B.B.