Criminals has won a fight, SKL baby His leadership health is when he won a round play He created ending wwill Next is 2 years you guarantee He will remain BTS You believe in BTS WALL wow WALL WALL OW MY OW Call it over to the dark, keep it in your room between the door And when they go across, they dress at your feet Come and tell them they were coming to watch you And over the sand of fire, all they wanted to Was largely clear and done, they were gone And they're so stoppin' them, they're all me And they're so happy, they're still for me And they're so happy, they're still for me And they're so happy, they're all me And they're all me, they're all me And they're all me, they're all me I'm with your hand You're all me You're all exactly like this, you're just the whole family And you went to Disney World for the weekend or something And you came back on Sunday night and it was a whole bunch of Mexicans in your house And you said, what the hell are you doing here? And I said, we just moved in, right? And we took out your garbage and we washed the dishes And we dusted it for keep, and we're going to mow the lawn Monday morning And we're going to all these things for next to nothing And you said, yeah, get out of here, you don't belong here, this is my house And they said, how dare you do that, you know? Who do you think you are? It was right, yeah, we demand that, but it would be pretty good You know, this whole thing today, I say let's go and talk to you And today, what? But I think you're working, it's boycott day, oh I'm just I'm going back to bed, my ears are still plugged up I got the ass into the flu, and I do mean the ass in Oh, I just got to flu, my ears are still plugged up bad And just a whole general ambiance of this place Come on, morning the ratings will be out, 11 30 in a morning Man, that should be a real fly opener, wow There'll be a run, yeah, in fact, let me just give you some advice right now You know, because if you don't want to repeat that experience You had a few weeks ago, remember when you couldn't get in the team room Oh, there'll be a line for that magic room from there All the way to Jacksonville, I'm telling you, I'll bring you a bucket They will be, I like the how are we got calls on here already WCQA, I am, hello I see he's just getting boring to me at this point You're boring, okay, he's been boring for years, but you're so ponderous WCQA, I am, hello See there's nobody on that one either, and probably calling for the elitist draft information Maybe that's what I got, maybe I got a draft, maybe that's how I got to flu Did we really run a Orlando taped interview again with the number of dolphin number one draft picker Every run again, because we had to go play golf Yeah, it's just, you know what it is, it's unacceptable is what it is But there's new rage, you know what man, they are just scared of their own shadow WCQA, I am, hello Not that one, they can work, QA, I am, hello Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Sounds to me like you're fading, fading fast A lot of apologize to the dead Bobby Dern Saw my biography last night of four years, I've been saying how did I drink Bobby Dern And because I always thought he died because he would head a drinking problem Sandrad D, who was married to Bobby Dern, she had a drinking problem And they were divorced as a result of that, many other reasons, whatever But he didn't have a drinking problem, he had a heart problem, he was born with it And the doctor, he's been inspect, he was going to live till Not third man, but he did, and then it just finally ended with the interview Also, you own a apology, you quit picking out dead people, I'm sorry That's not, you know, he's still dead, nobody cares Now take a look at this, this is really something of a business And the first of me, these probably are all the illegals calling in WCQA, I am, hello Good morning, hello, you Okay Hey, quick questions, can a few more people stay home, the traffic's great out here Okay, okay, I'll have a, tell me the QA, and hello Audio illegal, okay, stay home See this idea, you're going to say thank you to America for letting your sneakier ass in By shutting down business and costing people economically That's a real good way to do it, slap in the face That's what it sounds like to me I'll slap in the face to the country that we use sneak in I think it's a good idea, so we know who we don't need to do it I said the other day, there's no, you know, they're not going to deport anybody So there's no solution, once the cats out of the bag But at least starting forcing the law right now This should try to big fat spotlight on a country that can't protect its own borders And I've been saying that for 20, almost 30 years Not 30 man That's right, by the way, footies gone, look at that, got some really heavy duty radio news That's big news, isn't it? Yeah, you would have thought it was big news, whether we're reporting it You were in a thought so WQA, hello QA, illegal alien line, QA, hello What is leaving my one eye? No, we know that, I just got to say that, I just got to say that, okay? Maybe we got to mom and her jiggle with that, I don't think so It is, fuck, oh, that's like a sequel to Thursday, remember? Oh, huh? Holy, this is really going to be good for my last show Do you want to QA, hello? No, yes sir Have you ever canceled QA the new movie in 1993? No, I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the minute You wouldn't want to see it, it's too much, I got to tell you it's very, very upsetting And anyway, I'm not gonna tell you, it's mostly fiction because they don't have a damn clue What was going on there playing? They had a guy on the plane, they had a fake bomb and they beat the clap on him Yeah And well, nobody remembers what happened, but anyway Hey, that's what I just got to say, yeah, nobody knows what happened I'm not really big on movies that are loosely based on it Although I did see a really interesting documentary on the The television was a documentary channel over the weekend about the Kennedy assassination Yep New information Well, it was just, you know, just kind of like reinforced the fact that Yeah, we don't really know, but probably never will know, but anybody believes Oswald done it Might as well said that dog done it I think maybe the dog done it WDQAM, hello These people are whipped up into an apoptic frenzy today, I like it Yeah, I'm fine, bro WDQAM, hello I like the K-O-I-M-Hello I'm at the gal Okay, here's line nine, here's the eddy line Oh, no, he's about to the job I'm gonna find a job, huh We are your job right over here, okay? Let's call it a toy until That way, George came up with a good idea B-Me-G-I stands for Banjo Boy Group Incorporated Or could be benerboy Incorporated, but I think that's easy I think that's easy, history I could have just been him That was a good run, we just had, we haven't had a run like great Haven't had the runs like that since yesterday It's part of getting rid of the flu, let me just tell you right now When you got the flu and you have a wild experience like that That's not always a good on the scale, but it's also really good getting Getting out what else you, and I'm saying, oh, you're a system It's good purge Oh, yeah, purge, that's what we need a QAM is a big purge Well, I'm gonna go take off now, so it's been a lot of fun being with you I don't, I don't get what's going on, Mr. And I see gullly all over the place you're on the scale of the sweet Me and these, I think these people are trying like a set of message Remember Joey Zazan was gonna set a message right? I think these people are setting a message like a toti Like waving at white hanky up the window, I mentioned it a couple weeks ago They just got around to it Thank you, power WQAM, hello QAM, Ola You're good Yeah, okay, thanks for the bullet WQAM, hello Hi 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, let's just take calls all day I'm in the mood for it Man, we're off to such a good start That was bad for me, shouldn't it, don't know Hey, it's getting, was it solid? No, it was not, we just like, uh, mum Perfect, I thought it was gonna be good, but it's not 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, so it is the usual 6 retards We got things, I was gonna say out of the way We got them for the beginning A door, a door, a door I don't know that Oh, here's the pull result from, uh, over the weekend Uh, and by the way, we never had one person called in on Friday Not one, not even one To tell us about the great Renaissance in downtown Miami So this pulls a little bit for the jaded as far as I'm concerned 250 votes What's your take on downtown Miami? They'd count as a foreign country That's a lootin' 867, over 40% 42.2 It sucks, don't go there 527 That's another almost 26% It's making it way come back to 170, anybody buying that? No, anybody can verify that or tell us how or why No, it's become a tourist trap Selling a lot of over price craft 98 Never been there 93 You're out of touch, Neil 82 Interestingly, 4% The same 4% we had all consistently all the way through You're out of touch And you know what I say? Thank Lord, thank God, thank God Neil God I hate this toll 74 And downtown Miami is paradise Only 39 I wouldn't know Have been there in a long, long time Since since the last time I went to a passage game in downtown Miami And that's gotta be what like nine years ago, ten years, something like that You tell it Have you ever in your life? It's been a long time since we've seen such a And a fusive outpouring of hysteria This is almost like aliens coming back by the way You see what I'm saying? Yeah, that's the last time that we ever had this kind of a Foming at the moment The flames is very sat my ass down here Maybe what if it will be real cold? In fact, maybe this is probably a good idea We dump that stupid ass cross over I think we ought to get rid of that thing But let's just stop doing that Send the message along to a hanks people We're just not gonna do that, no more He's just got too many outside activities going on QAM always comes like about 10th on the list It's way down the list of priorities So see this is my never one party because this is where I make all my money So as far as employment is concerned This is my only priority Follow what I'm saying? Yeah, maybe you need more irons in the far No, I don't want any more irons in the far This is enough fire for me Probably it's after ten and five sixty Let me say it again Bobby Deren was not a drunk He was a good upstanding Guy Boy We're the bad here piece Two by the way We're the badmire We're a real bad piece But he still did Hey, if you love voting and of course that's pretty much a given in South Florida If you ever thought about buying a vote, don't do it Stop and call Club Notico at 1-800-BOT-RENT right now Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one hassle free? Join the club Club Notico called 1-800-BOT-RENT You'll be surprised just how easy it is No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance Or dare I say it, no hurricane per person With a vote from Club Notico it's totally stress free and truly affordable Call 1-800-BOT-RENT No kidding the vote ready because Club Notico does it for you Every time you need to use it and no cleaning it up either At Club Notico just hop on your vote and go When you're done pulling the dock it off and leave It's at simply take your all of us for you Club Notico called 1-800-BOT-RENT From unlimited voting to pay as you go small votes to yacht charters all of these things It's Club Notico called 1-800-BOT-RENT From unlimited voting to pay as you go small votes to yacht charters all of these things It's Club Notico called 1-800-BOT-RENT And that Club Notico tailor-applying to fit your needs and budget Call 1-800-BOT-RENT and get on the water today with Club Notico This is Neil Rogers This is 5-16-2-Faze No way You go in till you lie as you see it White House images rightful and the VDR is rightful Two conventions of polls are closed Tony Snow 2017 so old ride over time soon Host is shopping to the red to red is shopping When you want your leadership to glow Tony Snow 2017 so easier home People totally hold bus tight Tony's call is impacting before But if you need a handling is hard by Tony Snow here's your home Oh bus, they'll be super Latine And if you lose your quiet and servicive Swarped up to hire him, you don't know Tony Snow 2017 so Ten 18 is five sixty WQAM Let's take a look at that schedule We had hang-on for a few minutes this morning we had some rehashed old tape interviews because Hank of Edgar Pike Goth. Guilty a two to four again and a second. People around town, people who don't ordinarily even make any comments or just in shock and awe. This is the shock and awe. Oh, we're like dropping the big bomb. Man's out for the 60 to 2.5 hour. What was that in the stake? Oh, Marlon's out of deck at 60. Those red hot Marlon's man. Oh, really? Some moken baby. They are at least their consistent. What is it now? Five and 15 is that we're going to be about right? Six and 16. Oh, excuse me. I missed that last one. Yeah, that I might have gone. But they're the sixes. Yeah. Six and 16. That is just pathetic. Anyway, they're. And I noticed that they had floppy hat night on Friday at the ballpark, but even the if Norris out there didn't show for that. Yeah. Must be all the legal aliens were practicing boycotting or something like that because there was an ounce of car to 10,000. And if they were like six, 7,000, that was a lot even for the old floppy hat. So even the giveaways aren't drawn now. But I hate to break the news to you. You're not going to get no stadium. Yeah, only when we want to stay here. Well, guess what? You're nobody cares. Marlon's in the Filly. I'm assuming that's a home game. Yes, it is. At 705, they're not. I'm sure to be a fantastic turnout for that game. And then it gave followers Marlon's baseball, which is like following tapes of the big over interviewing some draft choice. A death wish. Okay, let's take a look at a poll now. I got news for you, Mr. Terabelle. You guys are just playing fast and loose with a multi-order George puny. You know, something he and his dad run TV all weekend long and they made the visit to Darfur and we're talking about the first genocide of the 21st century. And there were a lot of great things and he still bugs me. I just can't stand looking at it. I don't know what it is. He just bothers me. The way he talks is that sideways when he talks about it. I said, like a bird or a dog. No, I mean, what dogs do that for a high-pitch sounds? I heard zoo that all the time. Anyway, he just irritates me. I know. I know he's right on the right side politically. I mean, on the left side and all the stuff. And he just bugs me. These, here's our poll today. The star-spangled banner should be sung. 694 vote already. We'll make that thousand easy. Easy. Even after I leave to play golf. In English only, 423 in English, Solomon Tey, okay? So many in English, 423. 60% plus. Really, it's a bad song. That's a correct answer. Obviously, it's a horrible song. 114. Most people don't know the lyrics. It's just like, 100% cool. About who is there. Can you see the? Yeah. In any language 93, who gives a Schmett 61, that's a very good choice. In English or Spanish, Solomon Tey, Ocho, only 8 people saying, Which or Spanish. See that? And I hate this poll too. Big should be in pigland. 701. This is the latest, let's get everybody whipped up to jury. And all about what language should we speak? And so we'll hop on. We'll bite. Speaking of biting, I hear 40 of leaving a lot of 100 is why I heard. Yeah. But if you get 70's calls on, no, I want to get really call intensive this week, because we got the book coming 11 30 tomorrow morning. And we'll have to dissect that and chew it up and spit it out. I think mostly spitting it out. That's spitting, I say. 70QAM. Hello. This is a crazy way. WQAM. Hello. You can go in any camera. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to call you about two weeks ago to talk about a subject where the news came out that Bush had released the information about Valerie Plane. And then, mechanically, only through in key. Bush administration and Fox News released information that they were going to use nuclear weapons on the Iranians for their nuclear program. That's one or anybody brought that up. I feel that they released that to kind of take away attention from the Valerie Plane thing. So, what's new Iran deal? Well, they like change to this subject. Now, of course, the fact that we got all the important stuff going on. I like the chicken and a robo, you know. Well, you know, in closing the ill, I think they stole the election. WQAM. Hello. Can I man your back? WQAM. Hello. If I always take a good deep breath, always help. Okay. Yeah. Take that deep breath like a vacuum cleaner like a curvy vacuum cleaner. Because most of these call so far have sucked big time. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, how you doing, Valerie? Okay. What is this? What is this? Wait, wait, wait. What is with this? Everybody who's called who hasn't been just an idiot has asked a question. This isn't 20 questions. What do you got? What would you like to say? Well, I like to ask you. What is it? I know they showed a leader. But what are you paying in Canada? I know if you're driving up there. But what is it? Are you relationship to the cost of? So we're all in the same gallon. All right. So it's all relative then. You're watching the photos, do you? No, I do not. Okay. Because it's getting really dangerous at this point. Okay. Well, I'm glad to hear that. Oh, my God. It's been over four bucks a gallon for quite some time. In fact, it used to be like it. It's expensive. And that's one of the reasons is, uh, one of the main reasons. I don't have no car here. What though on the line of maintain a car here and spend four bucks a gallon for gas. Although when I go out and take golf in about ten minutes, it's probably wish I had that car. And what the list of somebody to do? Oh, record price low for BMEGI for Banger Boy Group bank. Look at that. Somebody just passed in. Thanks for the good news. Woo! Take a puke at that. That's the six points out. That's the five BMEGI. Oh, what is it now? It's nine and a quarter. Says record price low for BMEGI. And is there really so, by the way? These people are just going to be in the car. And is there really so, by the way? These people are just unbelievable. They drag their heels and drag their feet on everything. Ah, my to me. Findable. Just like George and Josh's new deals. How are those coming? Guys. Take their fermenting. They're, yeah, they're fermenting. They've got it over there in their skill, you know? That's right. Yeah, they're not to steal off any heel over here. Can you agree? That's correct. And how about Josh? How's your thing? Is it signs heel delivered? Not signs and sealed, but it's delivered until. Yeah. It's good to go. Oh, but there are all everything's fermenting over there on the west coast. Perkily. It's very popular. And just like your morning coffee, it's percolating over there. Just like Maxwell has coffee. That's it. Woo, woo, woo, woo. Wow. It is just, you know, something tomorrow morning at 11.30. We got the winter book coming out. And I think people are going to reap the windfall of their incompetence. I think it's going to be just astonishing. I think we may have to strap ourselves in. Welcome to QAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Speaking. Hello. Let me see again. Speaking. Speaking here. Uh, Neil. First of all, I got to think to tell you, man. Yeah. First, uh, up for an incident. I wanted to, I wanted to George. He should very much disrespect for sure enough to work. Yeah, yeah. And number two. I'll rest at the crane call. Come to the QAM. Hello. Good news. Read a QAM to go play golf. First of all, George isn't in the legal alien. How do you like that? So he that's why he showed up to work today. Only the illegals are not showing up to work. It's a great way to say thank you America for letting me sneak across the border. I know. Who all the people are. Stop. Well, that's not the point. The point is this is a slap in the face. Sure. It's not not just it's disgusting. And when you break into somebody's country, it's just like breaking into somebody's house. Like I used the comparison before. You don't start making demands. Okay. I demand this right. And I demand that. You mom. Okay. Get lost. Go back and move along. Get out of my face. And the businesses that are closed. Those are the ones that are hiring those illegal. So you know who to avoid in the future now. Yeah. Because those people that are hiring illegal aliens. Because they're a bunch of grave robbery. Right. They're one who perpetuate the problem because they are the intent. They set out the message. Okay. The enable. And then the risk their lives and come across the border. So they can get these jobs. That's right. They go in jail. I say to Vicente Fox, you crook you gangster. I think they're going to have people have a chance to actually have a chance for a decent life there. People wouldn't be risking their lives to come across the border. They don't allow illegals to go into Mexico. That is correct. So I say, boy cop Vicente Fox, that's what I say. And don't need any burritos today. Just, you know, pay back his abit. Don't need any burritos. And certainly don't need no case ideas. All right. Otherwise do like a nice case idea of chicken case ideas pretty good. Has a case idea yesterday. Mmm. That's a bad. 27 after 10 a.m. If you think you have termites in your home, you better call ridid pest control today for a free termite inspection. Ridid pest control uses that amazing exclusive orange oil treatment that kills termites and derives 100% on contact. I mean they're gone faster than you can say. I still a way go. If you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tend your home. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out. No staying in hotels or motels. You also don't have to worry about your food or your pets in your health. Because at ridid they treat your home with this amazing unparalleled orange oil. And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, they're nothing left behind as the clean scent of oranges for just a few days. It's true. If you have a termite problem call ridid pest control right now and five out of about the amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and derives 100% on contact. No tending. No BS. No games. No kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. And now's the time to check this out because now's the beginning of the dreaded termite season when they start chewing your house debates. Call toll free 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348 when you call be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck told you to call that really impress a man. They'll be reckless 1-800-447-4348. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562AZ. Testing program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. And you're doing way too much. You can tell me quite. Tell me what you're doing. I love you term. I love you too baby. But just say quite a bit. I say quite. You don't have to say anything. I'm telling you. You know it hurts. Come in. Okay. I know you only should be quite. I'm going to be quite. I'm going to be quite. I'm going to be quite. Oh, sure. I've always hurt anybody who wants to do this. Hey yeah. Uh oh. He wants to be such a good head for friends. Staff 32 advice. 60 depth EQ, I am. Well, I'll teach the幾 of them make this. Here I know which is the best link below. That's right. You got a dummy up craws Evil at him. He's sitting a place center. Oh man. But this, just in breaking new news, Making new news. This Supreme Court ruled today The Marine Court ruled today that one time stripper and playboy playmate Ann Ann Nicole Smith could pursue part of her late husband's oil fortune. They said you go, girl, just as this is a new legal impetus to Smith's bid to collect millions of dollars from the estate of J Howard Marshall the second. Her late husband's estate has been estimated as much as 1.6 billion. I'll take a little piece of that, please. Yeah. That's what Tom and Thomas said too many looked at Ann Ann Nicole. I said, I'll wait a piece of things about you. Tighten you go around. So let me just look at her dress one time. Smith has been embroiled in a long running cross country fight along with Marshall's youngest son E. Pierce Marshall. The court's decision which was unanimous means that it will not end anytime soon. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, writing for the court said Smith should have a fresh chance to pursue claims in federal court. Dressed in all black to former stripper, wept in the courtroom late in late February, as just as he discussed Marshall and mothers he had intended to provide for her in death. When she arrived at the court, several photographers were not to the ground and a scuffle to take photos. And we're not to the ground. They've purple asses. WCYN, hello. Leo. Yes, sir. I'm sorry for you. Another question. Yeah. No, no, no, no. I have a couple more questions, man. I'll add a comment. A comment. George should not be at work. He is a punk. He is the gratha and protest. He is the stock. What is he going to protest? What is he going to protest? What is he going to protest? The immigration policy is a push administration. And what policy is that? The policy at all. Uh-huh. We need something. Where are you calling me for a cell phone? No. Well, how are you right now? I'm not talking about what city. I'm talking about where you in building? Well, I'm a way to protest now. Yeah, well, good business. I found a way to protest my aunt. I'm bringing the gas oil so pro. Pro-testive. You know, they had 300,000 people protesting against the war and all the bloodshed in New York on over the weekend. And he's saying morons that are out there today. That's what they had to be protesting. Almost 3000 Americans said. You know, the best estimate is 180,000 wounded. 180,000 is what they're saying. is what is the number they put on and I wounded. I mean 18,000. Well, pretty soon a bit 180, 18,000. And these idiots, oh you ought to be out there protesting what? That's not what these people are protesting. I'm not protesting the fact this government don't have an immigration policy. These are a bunch of veners out. They're protesting the fact that we're not going to give them some kind of special status. May it wait that magic line and say, okay you're American now, repeat after me. I pledge allegiance by Rukhata, Yiskid al-Veya. Wow. You know, I have a feeling that the people across of street, I got a piece of advice for them. And if the Democrats were smart, they take the same advice. Okay. Don't do anything. You have to sit back. No listen. They're you're right. Democrats need to just sit back and let the Republicans implode self-destruct because that's what they're doing. And the same thing for the people across the street. Don't make any rash moves. Just sit back and fumbled your incompetent way along. Put this to will on here. And you'll be okay. Just coast along. Just coast to the line. That's right. Because this place is imploding. Here we sing a morning that I sit down here. There are new and shocking development. No, no, no, no, no, no, no good by the way. Not a single one of them good. And it's just amazing to me. And of course today is the first of May, which means El Sinko de Mayo is coming up on Friday. You're going to be, now you're going to be working on Sinko de Mayo. He punk. What's wrong with you, man? You've got to be in solidarity with your Hispanic brethren. Right. Right. Hey, you sit my ass. There's great so people. That's what they're doing. Yeah. Right. How do you mark tea? I'll have a mark. And I mean, that Andy Garcia's making another Cuba movie. He's more of system. Your buddy Miguel there. Just have a test. It was Cuba. Cuba. And I think he's also trying to exploit Godfather too. Because it's about, you know, the mafia and the casino is missing that and but it would be put in all this other crap. I wonder if they're going to talk about how the fact that the T.C. was being paid off by all the monsters. Let's hope, which is why they had the casinos. They're in the first place. I doubt it. Michael. Now he's going to be talking mostly about Elia and Maris Grecia and the Miami family and all that great chapter. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. One question. No more. No more questions. All done with questions. If you start your call by saying I got a question, you are history. You are gone. Just like magic. Just like that. Speaking of gone, footy. The legendary software. And what is that legendary? I mean, legendary my ass. Yeah. Well, what word legendary and whose mind? This is in the herald, by the way. So take it with four brains of salt. Did I don't know about you, but are you having, well, of course, you don't probably read the sunset and online. I don't. But I just, I can't, they're having all the, I'm having problems with their website and it can't be me because it's the only website I have problems with. The only one. Maybe Josh can explain that to me. I have no problem with it. So it is you. Well, but how's that possible? Why would that be? I have no idea. I read it every morning and I just went to it right now. Really? Maybe they're born. I can, well, let's see. Let me do it right now. Do it. Okay. Some send a lot of calm. Can that. Anyway. Can that, too. Okay. There's the match to there's the top part and the rest of it. I wait and I wait and I wait and I wait and I wait and I wait. The rest of the main page. And I'm waiting and I'm waiting and I'm waiting and I'm waiting and waiting and the little thing is, nothing's happened. And then eventually, finally, we'll open and then you'll click on a story that you might want to get through the story and nothing happens. And then even I want to fire Fox and I do the same thing. This has been going on for about five days now. Well, there it is. Former USF professor to be reported after one and a half years in prison. A judge today sent a scomer professor Sammy all Ariand, another year and a half in prison. Before he'll be reported in his terrorism, that's the Ashmuck for over in Tampa. Remember at USF? Right. Dolphins Taylor stayed in road rage incident. Dolphins defensive and outside linebacker Jason Taylor was dead last night. It wrote silent sitting in his debut home. He's okay though. Now let's see if I click on, oh, and look at that. Oh, something's going on here. Now all of a sudden it comes up. I think times. I think times. I could just took the hold off on my computer. You had a little bit of a wicked spell on there. Canadian filter. Yeah, that's it. Well, I tell you, Dolphins, man. They got sourced because Dante got these culpeppers. Not always you got a real crappy attitude, but he's also got a bad name. He's injured and he's going to be playing the first half of the season. And now they didn't want to be getting Joey Harrington to date Josh. Well, not yet. Oh, I sure hope they do because he really sucks. He is bad. He'll make them long for AJ touchy. He's not bad. He is. He is pathetic. He'd be bad. So basically they don't have any quarterback now. No, they have some terror burger that I've never had. Somebody that they mentioned. I saw about four minutes of the draft here with a weekend. I didn't even know that we got who he is. And nobody ever heard of before. He and even as good as Sage just served Joe Rosencran's spelled Zestine for us. So they got real, they're going to have some real probably course Ricky. I don't think Ricky's coming up here though. They said they don't want him to work exhaust that much of the weed supply. So the local officials are really reconsidering. Let him come up. Plus the dolphins aren't going to let him out of his. He's got a contract that says that he can't play anywhere else anyway. I'll be damned. Did you know that? I did not. Well, that's what the deal is. And Nick Sabons is at least so far. So this business he's coming to Toronto. He's going to play for the arbor. In fact, the article in the paper said, he'd have mentioned the fact that he's very fond of a weekend weed. And that's coming here. He'd be a very happy camper because everybody in her brother is smoking like openly here. Perfectly gagging on it. The new black Panther party rallies to support accuser and the Duke look at that. The new black Panther party meets near Duke University just what we need. The former sticker and the close myth. Now we know we just had that beat him. Beat your message that Limbaugh and of course he got he got a slap on a wrist and Friday rush. You're going to be talking about a little tap on a wrist. They don't do it again. Pay 3000 bucks or whatever it was. We're going to get put on probation and you know, very sad. 1042 at 560 WQN was better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long and by pretty soon it's going to be as hot as 80s every day for months and months and months. How about getting an instant $1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner, the five-star edition of the carrier and finley system? And it makes things even better for you to get this fabulous system from voice air and heat. Or to be taking care of track-count area families for three long amazing generations. As the carrier factory authorized dealer, rice guarantees you're 100% satisfaction. The guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning have now invented the carrier and finley system that actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted self for maximum efficiency. And it maintains maximum efficiency on your current air conditioning during the voice air and heat comfort club. Twice you, they come to your home they inspect into an up-your-system and if you ever have any kind of problems at all with your AC, you'll enjoy a priority same-day service and 10% off on a needed repairs too. All of this is 100% for just 110 bucks a year. So what do you choose the two speed and finley system of pure on? Or peace of mind, all you around with a comfort club? Either way, make the smart choice the rice choice. Call them toll-free, 1-800-3770-075. That's rice air and heat. Be sure and tell them that 18 crab-yield-neal told you to call 1-800-3770-075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-6-18. You call this big market radio? Neil enjoys sharing the great outdoors with your life partner. It's a trail with a new broke-back mountain bike. I wish I knew how to quit. You're a good chef keep pumping. We're almost there. What you do when you get to the top of the mountain is none of our business. You know, it could be like this. Just like this. Oh, it's what? Sweaty, stinky with all these blisters? Yeah, right. I know what my partner heard. The broke-back mountain bike, no-by-sexual built for two. How am I going to get over this log? See you on. All new. Oh, look at that. They just handed you a boy on there. My boy? Yeah, your boy of Bush and his twin. Look at the dog. Oh, you. Yeah. 800 and 2-boat. The star-spangled banner should be sung in English only for many, five. They just homes that get on the national TV, by the way. They just had all in protestors, all in Beeners down there at Homestead, run around. CCC, IC. Was they can you see? Get lost. 800-2-boats. English only for 85. Rarely it's a bad song. 121, that's for damn sure. In any language, 101. Whatever you like, who gives a Schmidt 83 excellent choice? In English or an espioniel, Solomon T. N. Wavie. And I hate this pool only three. I don't have 800 and some vote already. But we got that thousand-licent tech. I'm going to go play golf once we get to a thousand votes. Or hurry it up. Let's get with it. Totti, the hero says the legendary South Florida morning radio host will put on his last show this week after more than three decades on the air, coined a CBS 4. The veteran on air personality whose name is John Cross will host his final segment for the Wild 100 Morning Show on Wild 100 this Friday the news station say. Cross, cross, whatever his name is, or became co-host in the morning 32 years ago, said, he'll continue overseeing his charity. Here's help. Which is raised money for numerous area organizations. What else could I possibly do in radio who told you before to Brian Andrews? You're fairie. I'm not going to go to satellite because I ain't moving and nobody wants to syndicate a guy from Miami so this is it you're stuck with me. And nobody wants to syndicate a guy from Miami. So you're stuck. I don't know what that means so you're stuck with me. His life show is Friday but we're stuck with him. Do you have any idea? I don't know what that means. I have no clue and don't care either. Care much less. Speak at a radio. We got those big ratings coming out. I love him 30 tomorrow morning. Bridge ratings has released its latest updates that are ongoing study of consumer awareness of the two satellite radio brands along with subscription trends. The latest results go right up to this week finding that as the study has gone on brand loyalty and programming options have become a more important factor for consumers. The majority of whom have said that serious has superior programming to XM. However, here's the big butt. However, the power of Howard Stern to bring a new series subscribers appears to have stalled out. After adding over a million new subscribers in the fourth quarter 2005 there was a 26% drop off to 814,000 subscriptions in the first quarter of this year. Looking at the same time frames XM added practically 900,000 subscribers in the quarter of last year with another 568,000 in the first quarter of this year. A 37% drop off. In the first month of the second year, bird says that the stern effect has basically stalled. Bird estimates that roughly 1.1 million 84 per 8.4% of students fans have followed them to serious 8%. When student fans were asked to wait for why they had not subscribed to serious 32% said they didn't miss a show enough to sign up with 25% said the cost involved were too much to pay. Looking at what satcaster was acquiring more subscribers, the pendulum is swung back in fourth week to week between the two with XM pulling ahead from much of April, programming options and lacking commercials made the top two reasons why new subscribers made their choices. As for awareness of the two brands, this number is also gone back in fourth week to week with XM on top again for much of April. Bird's rare ratings were released at second full quarter findings in July so definitely something maybe in July will find out. If you're ready for that, that's a exciting news or what. All this is exciting is footy is going to hang up a zimacrophone. I don't even know if I ever heard him on here. I do know he's a real jerk. At least I've been told. I've never heard him. He did some kind of a, he was working for that broad with some broadcasting school. I'm not sure whether it's someone who used to advertise or who it was. I don't know. We had some intern that came in and said, oh yeah, he went to one of the footies classes. And he said, and then put he said, well, whatever you do, don't be like that near Rogers because he, uh, he's unprofessional and don't be like that. Yeah. Remember that? Just trash the hell out of me. Sure, who would want to be successful? Who would want to be, you make that kind of money and be successful and live a that fine life that he's living in Toronto and not have to be in the swivel south Florida. That's right. Don't be like me. Whatever you do for me. Loser. Yeah, gone fishing. Go fishing sweetheart. Go have a great life. Torp. And anyway, five six seven. Look, I said, we're going to take a lot of calls today, man, because you can see already. Well, at least we didn't see a little while ago that they were forming a tomato. That's too bad about that. Bands your boy group and stock on down so bad. WQA and hello. Florida. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Well, he seems to be fading badly. Ladies, ladies, those fights of spinners. Five six seven, oh five six, do you want to wear on fire for a while or weren't they? They must they must have taken their guys advice. They must be all hitting the streets now. Get out there for that process. They're boycotting. Even they're just boycotting the show today. Wouldn't surprise wouldn't be the first time. Maybe they're boycotting the fact we got guilty. Two against. But why not just give them the deal, okay? I mean, it's pretty obvious they want to put him on there every day to the fore. Just give it to him. Okay, and stop. But it's a game that you're playing whatever it is. This kind of sadistic thing that they do know all of us. Just put him on there. We're not going to be too happy about it. But then at least he'll be the other half of us. They'll go, go, go. There he do. Oh, that we used to have it in the morning. Now that the moment is gone. This Clara Balboa, he is just a wizard, just a miracle worker. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQA and hello. Yes. New. Yes, sir. You know, this is Marco. You're Italian, a listener for many, many years. Yes, see. I was, you know, I'm back in Miami and I'm very happy to hear your voice again. I was, I want to just to comment something, you know, about your show. It's, it's, it's, it's possible. Yeah. It looks like the audience has really dropped in, in the quality and that, that really will interesting, you know, the most important things that happen in this come to. No, it's the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. Oh, the video. It's the most similar things. Yeah. That's the most creative. Well, it's very representative of America. Okay. I was very very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very beautiful. And I said, and bye bye with a bad 20 accent. 560, 50560, pound five, 60, Verizon, Singular Wireless lines. I wonder, I wonder what time they had to meeting the cities calls up today. This was good. I think they made it. That is. Was that what was they got together with Denny's, the quarter table there, the big word you hop. WQA, M. Hello. Yes, sir. It's not a comment for the, for the, for the, for the, for the, Nala Paintos back. Let's save all of our witness. Yeah. Okay. Dome. Don't ask. Don't ask. I won't tell. WQA. I'm hello. Hey, Neil, I do. Welcome back. Welcome back from where? I'm just kidding. I'm not happy for a while. I've been out of town, but I'm, I'm asking, you by your fashion, your management player. Did you ever think of what the static is usually the Mexican station now, it's a Russian today? This is a program. I wait. We don't know. We don't care. How's that? That's a I'm sorry I had rather listen to you than not the other station but appreciate it. Okay. Haven't we had a lot more of that? Of course nobody's talking about it. From the inside, only the audience lets us know what's really going on. It's like when we have to read very jackass to find out about programming decisions that are being made. Same thing. Because nobody inside probably even listened to any way. They're listening to Power 96. First time in my life, I've ever worked in a place even if I was down there in a building. If you have only your mad rushes to the tea room during a commercial break. And you can't really hear when a break is going to end or how fast you have to get back because they don't have the station on the monitors anywhere in the bright. Just to be fair that I don't have the other station on and there. Well no, it just sounds as silence. That's right. Well at least the sequel opportunity in difference. That's a bit acoustic. That's a bit acoustic for the other sounds here. But you can hear Power 96 on the phone. That's right. They sure would want to put this on the phone. Oh God. For big, can you imagine all the people who piss off putting the new Rogers your on the phone? We're not even talking about sports in the sanctity of the NFL draft. You have to be deaf not to catch the draft. It is so another that's over. What do they do now? How much of sports nerds do now? The Marlins are 16. I mean, they can win a fixed game. And it just they couldn't draw flies to a manure pile. And so that's done. Of course the Panthers, their playoffs are at eight no playoffs. So what do you got going on? Of course they lost again. Oh my God. The boys. Wow. That's embarrassing. They're all that controversy in that one game. They've all disorganized and this kaboom and just falling apart of the scenes. Can you imagine if they should get eliminated? If I can say that, I say that choice. It'll eliminate. Wouldn't that be something? Because then what? So long hot summer baby between the first of May and football. When was the first exhibition this game? August something? August. Boy. June. July. August. Man. Three solid months. Except maybe go on, place them golf. This is Neil Rogers. This is my favorite. This is the Neil Rogers show. I think you're ass. This is your brain. Wow. What the hell? Any questions? Yes. I'm trying to sound as tight as I feel. The newspapers car and night three bucks a gallon. Close. Like this. I'm trying to write some of the most of your skills. It's hard. Feel like in a play. He'll never have to stop at the bank. Get off on the bus to film my day. My wish I had a fit to do. I could write my plans. The day she and I go down the grind. Look at the price. The price. The price. The price. The gift you get anywhere. They'll have to build a bank. In my words have to raise extra cash. So my body or start dealing as so. Go on. And you dirt bar moving to the bonds and bonds. The worst in dirt shop at the park. To top it off and run. Be Donald Trump. I wish not to have a fit to do. The dirt bar is blind. My plans to have. They should not have broke down the grind. Look at the price. The price. The price. The price. The price. The price. The price. The price. The price. I. Not to go broke. Call the brand. For someone who have not gone. Because the literal price for. A price. Thank you. Thank you. this whole thing is bogus because I got CNN day without immigrants is what they're calling this thing today and this has got nothing to do with immigrants immigrants are people are came in legally through the process like we're not lying like local and right like most people who are a law-biting we're talking about illegal aliens is what we're talking about so why don't they a little bit of truth and packaging would be okay CNN you liars you phone is you bastards you forever it's everybody local news every every other news outlet every one can understand there because they're busy pandering at that everybody dolphins defensive and slash outside linebacker Jason how do you like my calendar tailor was stabbed last night in a road range incident there is a home to see this guy yes I would not be bad if they lost Jason Taylor for the season that's a room where I'm hearing so well we just made up to be the quarterback too my wife and I were the victims of an unfortunate incident last night but we're both fine he said a statement released by his charity foundation I truly appreciate everyone's concern there's a guy he knows he gives it 400 percent I'll say that for him even though I hate the team like poison believe you know there's a guy goes out there and he tries and really comes back him and Zach your buddy Zach yeah not that's Zach the injury Taylor sustained his arm was mine run up and he was able to participate this morning and a charity golf tournament for Tampa Bay Bucketers linebacker Derek Brooks in Tampa so I'm not assuming that was the charity golf tournament that the hump was off to because this one was in Tampa right right Seth love it who is the Jason Taylor Foundation spokesman said Taylor in his life-convenient were driving home from church when the incident occurred oh it's been a church guess what else I saw on biography last night what is he on biography last night the B.T. K killer oh yeah the B.L.T. killer in which you talk right good church going there he wasn't he was the present of the great regation of his Lutheran congregation that's right man be where there's Lutherans I got some neighbors find a way we're gonna put a big flag up on front of my house gonna say he has fallen to counteract the one that said he is risen you know he has fallen east is risen and can't get up Taylor 31 is said to wait a 10 season with the dolphins you got a yati aati but it would be put a boot put about morning it tells to come it's interesting the sun sent me let's be in that way for like four days just kind of like frozen and suspended Susan mentioned down here like magic where's that magic laundry got okay there was some it's like uh back to normal again like all the other websites on my computer that's strange I don't want to sound paranoid or anything like that I don't want to be one of those real uh conspiracy but it seems very suspicious to me five six seven oh five sixties to get the warm up show man we got guilty it too yeah I think the new format is we got a bunch of people who show pretty much whenever it's convenient for them is the new format all right it's kind of interesting you got to admit nobody in all the station in the country's got to deal like that keep them guessing we got several people that's right I mean I show up whenever I'm supposed to when I realize we got that nice pie summer schedule kind of very very soon oh not soon enough a very soon but least that we know at least we know what that schedule is also let me just pass this along in case there's anybody inside the building listening which I doubt and to a clock when the idea is over and then whatever cute stuff you put in there after the idea that's when you chop us off not whatever you feel like it's only at the port legal idea like you've done the fry as a matter of no it's just getting the point out anybody at the janitor goes in there and he's like a real Rodgers midday that was a legal idea to make up for the moment we missed a two o'clock on Friday yeah because we got a code of affiliate or like the cops or like the porters yeah we got to fill our quota because from what I'm being told this morning is we have just you know it's kind of like a sliding rotation and they're sliding and rotating it and whoever happens to be running the board to with some of the different everyday oh well what do I do now and is that it do we chop those bastards and probably go these that kind of off kind of my kind of like that when the surprise me go these got his mind knows in it wqam Kelly line hello not there oh it sounds good though qa m hello with the delio and our last one wqam hello yes Charlie from the Maddo show oh hi Charlie and I'm a regular on that dog are you really the super star called you yes somebody got Charlie I see no Josh on the website he's a mighty handsome man yeah Josh Taylor yes he's very huge okay great 560560 I thought you started looking a little pudgy on there I told you that what's well actor Susan surrender is revealed how she felt isolated and frightened by death threats and verbal attacks he criticized the U.S. presence in our rack the film and Luis actress a long time before the act of a city was branded a bin Laden lover for questioning the West invasion of a rack an interview to be screened a day on ITV1 in England for Jonathan dimple leaves programming she said that the way she had her family have been targeted by the media in the public was horrifying horrifying misarranged in 59 said she believed that they should have been more debate before the war but that anyone who questioned the West policy was labeled on american of course we know that I don't think I ever thought somebody would ever really kill me although there were some people who said I'd like somebody to knock her off on the radio and stuff like that she said people say a lot of crap on the right right no they were that immigrants is what they keep labeling this and this has got absolutely nothing to do with immigrants okay once again see an entirely bogus it's just like the the great freedom operation the rack you freedom all these other lies they put on the screen as they do nothing but suck up to the bushmeister called the fascists they without immigrants my fat ass so on american soil this is the time to do that this window is not going to open okay let me jump in here because you packed in about three big points right now it's open to break it up a little bit so let me get you in here you're taking a little bit more pragmatic approach you're saying hold on before we go and go and enjoy our Hispanic brothers and sisters on the front lines let's stop and ask the question front lines of what if these people ought to be in a front line send to our rack how's that that's a good idea yeah we got a shorted so cool and policy we didn't set enough troops let's send all these approaches over there if they want to help much they love america and how much they want to be in america go over there and fight for your country for crisis and stop worrying about who's going to pick the name strawberries they can be citizens over there and other fruits five six seven oh five six you can probably form a new government and pound five six and you've arrived in singular wireless line here all these people are out there protesting and marching it's a big big day's el uno de meel baby not to mention ill sync with a mile which is going to have on friday we're gonna have seaman bolevar on your discussion and shake of our are we yeah shake and we're gonna have a man is and about show the important who the oh's w q a m hello all the key on line that's a door now that we're gonna take a little bit of a beautiful day yeah that we're gonna take calls all day we were gonna take calls all day if we had them but i think the sandals same six people exa there's awesome now man there's a second oxygen 16 degree that 61 alway it's going to be 70 degrees sonnits going to be 70 tomorrow 72 all it's a beautiful week much too nice to be sitting here up on my hop on my haunches here begging for phone calls i'm not gonna play that game see that first segment there we had the lines were smart when i didn't want them now that we want them because we want to be phone call intensive they'd say well we're out of material and noticed and i'll set about five years ago w q a m hello meel got father inquiring by me no more questions no more say something for once in your life it's the first of me it's a very important day so they tell us more important they would have been how i mean get with it say something have an opinion express yourself but i did hits man in this capital all my money is making a big comeback and you just out of touch neo who the hell are you kidnah who are you people can man even my golden retriever nettle never let's such piles like these people this shot just unbelievable just non stop manure w q a m hello yeah i'm listening w q a m hello are you taking a lot of water with them by the corn w q a m hello stand up for your people join nice Tony axel he was almost as good as that i thought i was on the call before all the phony axons all the time these are coming to my house by the way these are the beaded these these pissed off of you for doing that banjo by group instead of new records today i i know i'm not going to be at least for it this is the week for my ears i can't hear it that way anyway my ears are plugged up like a and by the way i don't drum and i am standing up for my own people legal immigrants oh that's a new one w q a m hello door to get your ass out there a little what do you do insert what are you doing yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what are you doing to be sat sitting there on a boy around your boyfriend and i'm doing something i'm doing like yeah this idiot that's right he's doing his job man he's going out to play golf today or finding some other reason just to show up whatever it a hell he feels like it like most of the q m staff and you know i'm serious you know the misamerica contest yeah the mis universe contest we're gonna have the mis management contest and i know the winner is hands down your pants it is just staggering staggering it's the first of may man the year is almost half over and these people are like that they are close and sureness and then your sales manager stuck his red neck hitting the door this morning Yahoo and he gave you like some glittering tangerines let me say another thing speaking to my sales department next time you send me cigars up here but you pay the uh postage okay fixed it all about i get a feta's package on friday and it costs me eight bucks persigar he sends me five cigars because me forty three bucks for a FedEx because breads in immediate forty three bucks for a package I thought when I went downstairs the package is going to be like a nice box to cigars or something no five cigars that's a nice piece why sure how I hope they're good man once I get over my pluflou I'm going to like uh... start smoking a big fat one and a cigar too I mean forty three bucks pretty steep my guy that would last me at least what twenty thirty seconds it would buy on the good my sheet on a bad my sheet that forty three bucks might have been the forty three that would have been got me a four grand online in a vera but it got me the hundred sixty six thousand progressive jackpot bread so you all me hundred sixty six thousand dollars you loser you idiot it isn't i don't even know how to send a FedEx schmuck eight hundred ninety one four sport got that thousand look my noon i'm all most maybe twelve twelve thirty but thirty man fact says being a degenerate camera and you're listening at the k-lated night even though the cuban station to be heard in the background we've got to be very serious signal problems too it is no longer possible listening to station later night as the cuban station is now even louder than any k is the station doing anything about this or are they going to stick your head in the sand like they didn't sell parking pretend it doesn't exist thanks palio says probably a fashion across the street no doubt for more than told yes we've gone so far as to write letters to the state department to complain about that and and nothing what's the state department going to do something why think that we ought to go like even in wants to and crank up that transmitter baby or else just talk real bad how to tell teach you a lesson for that you best you bearded best dot and go you book out own by the way he's making his face speech today all i'm coming pinkos because it's the first you may know all those socialists are having a big may day deal today right comedy yes yeah that's right it's comedy pinko day in fact maybe that's what all these people are marching about right or in some of the with fiddle cash road come a piece of how to use that kind of a like that i think we just out of them you're out of the closet you're fairie you know sometimes the things you can't see can really hurt you and stop photo for 28 years dry concepts is the best at dry cleaning carpets and when you drag clean your carpet you can clean today and entertain tonight carpets stay cleaner longer with no sticky residue left behind with over 50 thousand satisfied customers including me you won't be here alone i'm reminded the dry concepts are also the experts in water damage good to know that during hurricane season certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just minutes not days and dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours it's glad and teed the top of all after i concepts as a stability art or a rock cleaning plant only one that exists in south photo by the way on site instead of keeping your expensive area rocks looking brand spanking new so years have a big favor into what i've been doing for over 21 dry concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5-7-1 would give you a written guaranteed price upfront and in doing unmountable unbeatable job every time that's 1-800-248-5-7-1 or log on their website rockconcepts.com when you copy sure and tell me try strafford this is meal rosers this is 5-62-A-S or odd you're done recently thousands of immigrants have taken to the streets we think that's wrong we're up you the united protesters union up you represents the millions of trained qualified american protesters who are losing their jobs to illegal demonstrators willing to march for a fraction of the cost these immigrants carry poorly crafted banners and signs with slogans that aren't even written in English this nation was built on the backs of complaining americans and united protesters union believes it should stay that way every time in illegal alien marches in the protest line and american marches to the unemployment line please join up you and give these foreigners off our streets and back to taking some other americans job all right it's 119-15-60-WK and we got guilty two to four just about every day now man like a slapping our face slapping audiences ears anyway we got uh neoyoung's big protest morson you know think i'm really going to go on by that piece of two to the home no chance maybe uh Brett will send to me in a fedex uh package those thing when you play the boy this is like split black no then that's neoyoung this is protest so let's clean up our acting our rack everybody happened to tub Laura says while listening to fill Henry the other night he was talking about how the role of the handful of excellent radio talk show host he listened he listed himself of course Howard Stern some guy named rom and neo-rodgers in Miami at least he knows excellent when he hears it says Laura well let's say he should change in his tune out of these leaving terrestrial radio isn't he or radio period what we hear they exactly he's got a concept of that big TV career dick green are you sure that's what we heard that's what you say well listen that's something i guess i'm supposed to be complimented by that or whatever yeah i guess it might be a good luck that was a high compliment and he must have been high five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you know there are a lot of people out there one live in the past you know you can't do that there's no more i-o-d with rickens subs and yours truly in fill Henry and Randy and uh that's an existing where it's in the past okay that looked at movie that was then this is now all these people are one live in the past not supposed to be the old funny that he lived in the past and he or something there were a lot of good things in the past and was also a lot of crap see the old people who want to like live in the past and our stables are crap they they they then they're mine they safe and out all the and they only think about the highlights you know we still want that many you know i'm saying oh yeah because the past is you've time makes everything in the past you know all matter was so great you know like under Greg Reed remember how great everything was no neither w q a n hello not there but we got a lot of those today man very impatient I realized you got to go out there and march on those front lines baby all you illegal's but give us just a moment of your time w q a m hello two a m w q a m hello okay a lot of tension today don't you feel it yeah I can smell it I can you well place up the light things up a little bit such as sitting on the bench and down right again adding you that it light novel what what's light about that oh that's not it what is that I don't know sounds similar it is it is in front of the two I've been sick you just the track of the new you I can't like that better than it's in this oh this is so old and pottery is looking to boil happy she was my life if they're harder to move she drives my view again she's three three oh that's enough of that fine say why why do get a lot of important cause and if you want to hear that old retread again that's going to lighten things up a little bit selfish man you just selfish you're like most of the other people in south of what you're going to do for me what are you going to do for me I just gave you about 20 seconds of it no extra charge we're going to start charging by the by the word another good idea all right i'll start keeping a towel now that Hank and Sally when he shows after visiting charity gulf maybe he's their charging by the ball WQ I am hello yes sir yes i'm a long time listener yes this second generation actually my father is stubborn yeah and I would listen to your show and in you going to all the different stations that you want to I've continued to listen to you and basically I love your show George I love your content as well I love your uh real love his content talk about yes the religious content also the poor right I enjoy that as well in uh closing I'd like to say to the people who might be listening I work at WQM that I think they need to really listen up because I feel that you're gonna not renew your contracts coming up well I got three years to go and I got three years to go I'm 60th and I was old I'm so I'm so let me ask that on this question yeah you go ahead how old are you I'm 31 years old okay now do you aspire to work until you're dead no I do not will you like to work until you're like 75 or something like that I don't want to do that either see now I like to work till until I'm comfortable and then I could sit there and go and enjoy life and then I keep in the likeable that right here I actually I could walk out of here right now and do that I got plenty of cash believe that and you know what there's it's going to be a big black hole void in their radio station when you leave tomorrow yeah exactly and they need to learn that in this is the week for protest I think you inspired me I'm gonna do my boycott tomorrow that's right in closing I have one film recommendation for you okay it's it's you're just probably not gonna agree as far as the actor but I personally thought the film concept was really good it's a movie called the foreigner with season 2 out it had really really good did you see George George is never never heard of it you know it's it's what we was on your buddy it had really good hot content normally his hot content is not all that and he also does a little bit over dramatic on the martial arts and stuff but this time he was very good with the hot content and as well as the fighting scenes were realistic they and go overboard with that so that's pretty much it was a really good talk with you me I think a lot of power have a great day you take it easy see there there was now that's that's it that's a great call and that's sure we need now the rest of them can be all idiots can be not really is a 31 perfect demographic good guy started like a nice you are doing this dumb and he had something to say and I think the the most important part of that call was his suggestion that I boycott this curver g-man because they they're just killing us seriously I think what we ought to do is is put out a call for help remember when we are beyond well got arrested uh huh and he said I well I can forget the exact for me is and I should know it because I guess I like that commentary there today but he put out a call for assistance he's at the person to step forward in an assistant because he doesn't have any idea what it was all about and he's been set up and I'm just a patsy and yeah which course is true although I don't call me patsy clenched it's patsy client poor patsy client and she was okay you know she had her hits she had like crazy which is what's written in this radio station crazy I mean well what is really going on with these people there I mean you know you're there are they like when they're just waiting for tomorrow for the other ball to drop when those numbers come out tomorrow morning look there they're in a position that they can't accept I know the position they have seen people in that position number and recwium oh yeah for god yeah that's the answer I've seen a lot of people in that position they're in a position why that there's no remedy for yeah but you know something it's like it's like it's like me with a flu you know when I first got this thing and I was uh I don't know what I was getting a bad cold and I said to this point I'm still out here my ears are plugged up but once they pop open I'll feel uh oh you know when you ears after you've had ears plugged all the days with like oh god I'm here oh my god it's better than sex by far but at least you try to do something you know you take uh knife will you take you do something but these are people who are sitting around like they're in suspended animation man they're like frozen in time frozen in time man they just can't get off the pot and I bought it 20 last week this is a guy he's got to get on the red backbone enjoys to find out which handle wife would before he can get off the pot Joyce may I may I I say it's time to wipe the slate clean that's what I say or I've got the slate clean back though how about that at the melting pot speaking to go to the pot in fact is not what you guys had in front of oh yeah I'm still really the front it that's a really good it is so good you know there's some restaurants that give you like yeah good food but this is not as good food it's totally different than you're going to get any place else because if the pot fondue becomes a memorable for course dining experience regularly dip into something sensational enjoy a variety of unique on for a special melting pot dipping sauces imagine starting dinner with a melting pot from an out cheese fondue served with three different breads granny Smith apples and crisp and used to dip in there next to Joyce's salads all of the melting pots homemade dressing on trays to dip in those fantastic sauces include lobster filet mignon shrimp kajan season chicken pork portable or shrooms duck and lots more cooked in oil or broth and those melting pot dipping sauces are just to die for and for dessert the chopper fondue is out of this world too the fresh strawberries but in his pineapple you got only knows the other great things you could stick in their cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and Graham crackers in fact my blood sugar's going up 40 points is talking about it the melting pot for a real memorable experience and don't forget mother's days come up two weeks from what today okay for yesterday I forget 14 to be honest to me trust me what I tell you everybody knows moms love the melting pot so don't get left out call do they make your reservations at the melting pot for a fantastic feast for mom and a whole gang on mother's day the melting pot you'll find them in four lard real cross brings book and north 90 beach kupers city and prestigious candle this is a new brother this is five sixty two phases holy mac and on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I just read that stress other was more on it but there's not about pretty okay told us listeners he's gonna leave this week after more than 32 years on air in the south lord well you talk about an unaventful 32 years and what about the ronsaint john what about more than 30 years on air so what's the big deal with me I get 30 years on air and I expect like an article in newspaper from time jica something like that just as you're on your 400 years doesn't mean you're gonna get your name in the newspaper that's what Tom said schmuck five six seven look at that day without him a grince there those thousands of people are waving all those flags some of the american flags actually and some of them one of those one of those blue and white flags one of those are not out there i've seen that one will get on there not bad man blue white huh blue white look at like what blue one of the ages and white in the middle would like some kind of little a chocky in the middle sorry well you better get with your Latin american flags mister because you should all know what's the Mexican flag was like oh that's that green and uh oh i know what to make some play I just go in the middle with that same one of those wrestling with a snake yeah well i do a lot of that but i think isn't on the label but in the music and the message is serious songs in the Mexican thinking about sneaking into the u.k. yeah cut the crap but little known media campaign produced by the guys that's the Mexican brochure right there which says they're on some thirty-week now which by the way looks like a report of the Italian flag it's the same colors just a little bit of the right time very well. Potsking around five six seven oh five sixty we got nine hundred forty four votes on our flag a flag pull we're gonna run it up the flag pull today we got gildy like a run his name up the flag pull i'll send it out we got him into a flag we got gildy man it's just it's it's shocking is what it is today Wednesday Thursday Friday we got gildy up the button yeah you might say that. WQAN hello. WQAN hello. Yes sir. This is George's buddy in St. Pete. Yeah. I'm paying for this call because that's the guy that said the hostile fact on our job is really yeah yeah me I apologize for that. You are well apologize because media we're working under derress man we're working for a bunch of bozos and you're like two-in-port George out for some crappy did or didn't do what the record did I did apologize. He did apologize. Okay I get apology accepted. Okay so let's do that and being okay but so you cross this again. The line still doesn't work Neil. Yeah. I can't get through. We checked it out on our end it has to be aligned works every single day I take calls from Alaska from the North Pole from the Illusion Islands I work calls from everywhere in the world I check your thing up man your thing doesn't work it ported to your local carrier yeah reported to your local carrier. All right by the way and don't be a belly a girl okay another worst-in-a-chronic belly a-cure. Hey Derby Wayne is still open too Neil by the way. Is it really? Yeah they never closed. That's a great dog track. Yeah I know I've so I spent last my car. I said buddy and there goes your money. Everything. To bed then I can have no slots over there maybe to find a good machine man. Yeah true. Good luck to you pal. Why's your talking to you? That I'm a seven seven. Seven dog back 50 across I'm for me. Yeah I love the dogs man haven't been one in years. Been to the dog track. I've never been to it but for other events. The worst thing that ever happened to me is the first night I ever went to the dog track I was on vacation in Fort Lodderdale and I went to a flaglar fabulous flaglar and I won 700 bucks the first night. Yeah and that was not good that was the other thing. I thought boy this is this is the easy to hand me camping harness race or this is a piece of cake and then of course you bet and they come out of the box and then they like want to run this white the other one out and just run it on the side dog was flying in the area you know a little bit a little bit chancey but anyway we got a Hollywood dog press going to have the slots and then I was if we ever did the cross over again it was going to ask Hank about that but I guess that's we're not doing that normal because I'm looking at the schedule and Wednesday morning on our schedule it says Orlando 5 to 7 7 to 10 T B D or Lando 5 to 7 10 T B D. Sure there we go Orlando 5 I'm a big part in my favorite show Orlando 5 to 7 Thursday 7 to 10 T B D Friday Orlando 5 to 7 7 to 10 T B D to be determined what kind of a schedule is that to be determined I mean no and assertly what why we always we got to Dürby coming up on Saturday right but this is getting to be just a little bit uh I mean bizarre. You call that a format? No I don't speak of the Dürby yes already checked it with Dave Johnson he'll be joining us at a 11 o'clock on Friday a lot of the clock Friday morning Dave Johnson put the 400s year in a row we're going to be conflagulating and picking the loser just a we're giving two losers whatever Dave and I picked just eliminate that one you've got for a minute probably well now we just haven't we been on a bad run I don't know we occasionally we get lucky but that's another story 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 6 in me for rising singular wireless line and 157 votes just just take a look at that picture of Hank and Dave Johnson and ask out what those silly ass outfits on the still as that's not a lot of hot no we replaced it by uh with a what did you do take on like a stuff off the wall back there there in a box if you took the picture of Tom Brady after wall back there you're going to have to answer this old thing and I'll see that right now it's uh in the box all said because that wasn't just a nice picture of Tom Brady that was one that was given an autograph by Jim Manage for me uh the mad dog it was getting cut of yellow I noticed that I was wondering if Tom was a chainspocket some of those cigars that Brett sent him was dingbo hundred bucks uh it was getting dingy yeah the dingy he still was pretty good to me I'll tell you that for an old guy what is you know I 28 times Brady yeah that's about right still was pretty damn good to me he can still bring it man it's what I'm hearing he can still bring it pretty what it oh 21 till noon oh look at this this is going to be their whole day today now so you'll be going to be hardworking people like I'm doing this and family they should be turned away so it's he and this should be turned away no let's just let everybody in the world let's all know starving people in Darfur let's bring all of them in there too what do you say all the desperate starving people all the people of on a better life let's let them all come in we have Jay and American singing only in America how would you say come on yeah I mean it's just stupid what kind of morons of these people oh they shouldn't be turned away well why the hell not got 300 million people are in an initiative which anybody remember Katrina and seeing the condition that those poor batches were living down there in no all means my god and then they keep showing the updates on here and the houses most of our store and it's still an nightmare there they're making very little progress and that's because the West government don't get a crap about dark folks okay that's basically what that boils down to so if I have to be a dark folk myself I'd be really peoed about people coming in here illegal well I'm not getting the I'm getting the the shaft oh sorry Isaac did you follow what I'm saying what he said let's take care of our own people first then if we got something left over which we sure is held down with the way this drunk administration spending money that's like it's coming out of a fair of faucet yeah then maybe we can take care of somebody here take care of your own people's first man you idiots lunatics like we all it is at the justice to let go yeah all the usual suspects speaking of suspects we're just a great white hunter I am sorry by President Cheney couldn't be here tonight yeah well everything is so scripted and I didn't see it and I got the story here in my pile maybe I'd like to have a two different two different things the the Stephen Colbert thing was not the Bush twin thing well who was doing the Bush twin thing some other guy never heard I wasn't Stephen was that caught at Colbert yeah that Stephen Colbert I'll be down. 142 at five sixty w q amp being outdoors a lot of the south Florida means you need to get some comfortable shoes man take good care of them to tease and the only place you want to take him his brandy shoes and pop up a beat where you'll find all the major brands they got him like foreshime echo and a fisto rock poured hush puppies new balance in terms of other name brands and all sizes for men and women they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes if you got like freaky feet brandy shoes is the largest independent to retailer and all of software when you go into brandy's and see the fantastic selection waiting for you and the value always get you'll understand my rave about brandies and have been for years go see your good friend Arnie he'll make damn sure you get the right fitting shoes at the right price for your feet unlike those department stores where you never get weighted on and when you do pick out a style they say oh we don't have that in your size you crazy the only thing they do do with brandy's issues so you know they're gonna have exactly what you're looking for when it comes to size selection service and of course unbeatable pricing too brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 or federal highway and popping obese between Atlantic and coppets on the east side can't miss it open every day the week for you Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5 but you go into brandy's be sure and tell them that brand schmutz told you to go in and this week again is a great time to buy men's rock for it's a brandy's say 10 to 20 bucks a pair and all great men's styles so be sure to get your butt into brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online at brandy's shoes.com this is new rubbish solid this is 560 but you see this right again according to the week earlier this night social workers this is a fierce point after for some sell out of a high chair and stuff with a height injury written me you're pregnant again what you're not doing a very good job but taking care of your first hit and I'm yeah your response for a safety well I didn't think at the time I can't believe you've got an electric fence around his grip any plane with a bare trap oh this is a new toy exploding Elmo 1146 we have not haven't said the votes on the pool I told you we would name your 1000 by noon 978 this is a kind of thing that's going to sink this is like an alien boy you know yeah some good ethnic hate the star spangled banner should be sung in uh individually 50080 to almost 60 percent rarely it should be sung rarely it's a bad song 139 who gives a schmutz 123 that's an excellent answer in any language over 19 an English or a spaniol the ace the hg only 10 and I hate this pool only five see they even they haters like this pool because it's a chance for them to hate you have a singing an English or we're gonna shoot your ass like that uh huh 567560 pound five six in the Verizon singing a wireless long got some bad news about Keith Richards you see this story no didn't no fans gave it outside a hospital yesterday were rolling stones guitar's Keith Richards reportedly hospitalized for a mild thing of concussion after supper and he suffered him he suffered a concussion after falling out of a palm tree while vacationing in phiju hey was in a palm tree than tree he's keen and not a good idea kind of like the old days when he stayed the lynchings in the south remember that hey where what do you do up there in the tree just hangin not good Richard 62 was injured earlier this week in flown with New Zealand hospital for treatment bands both in the fran Kurdistan statement this weekend the statement didn't elaborate on Richard's condition or spend how it was injured or what the hell he was doing in the tree then we knew reports in australia and with it said Richard's hurt is hate after falling out of a commentary and mislucid phiju resort and remain hospitalized in Auckland nobody likes falling from a height like that but he's never fallen from grace for me said they be cannon when a several friends get it outside the hospital yesterday that great never fallen from grace or our our our our uh huh he still has a lot of grace and I'm glad he has a mild concussion nothing serious you can't until New Zealand's TV3 news the feedy live calm news website reported the asset was delivered happen at feedy's exclusive walk kia top resort resort employee salicee finautoli a and p that uh something and it's just it's just it's all of the substance but we don't know what is never what it's gonna be that's the end of the story he told him a bunch of crap probably made it up five six seven oh five sixty i'm just waiting for the day that my whole you know I got about eighty percent voice today yeah even just if one year now they keep showing his w w double yeah that's the part of the show they they're like she bridges them across like Joe Biden how come I can't have dinner with a 36% of the people who like me don't pay attention to the approval ratings that say that 68% of Americans disapprove of the job this man is doing I ask you this does that not also logically mean that 68% approve of the job he's not doing the only thing missions Hillary Clinton sitting on a front row rolling her ass haha everything's a big joke you know no weapons over here remember that one last year no weapons over there everything's a big joke y'all y'all y'all that's America for a man bunch of those simple things everything's funny yeah but except of course when you will want kick out illegal aliens and then it's not funny then we don't uh yeah then we get serious w q a m hello sorry was a man better w q a m hello hello Neil how you doing okay sir you know I know the one thing about these illegals listen work today yeah this really is a tasty barger w q a m hello yes sir yeah I believe the blue my flag you're talking about my p Argentinian was it I think the blue and why is he think his Argentinian flag what the hell are they uh we got Argentinians illegal aliens two for crazy in the Iraq war the line knows how the very Argentinians a long ways away how they come up to Hershey highway or something I think they're going to take them today because thoracic is wonderful I've been driving all over my enemy and there's a traffic I think these people ought to stay home every day exactly so little progress today without them okay thanks pal have a good day fine yeah stay home every day okay on clot on oil clogged the roads I don't think those people are driving at much anywhere I think something there's beat up old 57 chabies a lot of people to the same car don't forget if you come from Mexico we give you a 57 chubby man and the driver's license and a box of cracker jack and voters registration card if you promise to vote for Bush oh it is look at that promo for Anderson's pooper oh brother what I just don't understand you know there's some things you you look at them and you try to be like open mind and you say okay well what is what's the big deal with this with this one with that one I just don't get it oh and you'll never guess what I came across like about 14 seconds of last night until I saw that cow on there we have the movie I think it's called the movie network which is the equivalent of HBO and the soprano sound like 50 times today okay last night there were some of these people on a cruise ship all these dikes on our and those are the rules rosy man that my channel moved back to the hockey game so fast you can't even believe it my TV almost jumped off to the am a stand it was so excited another informer shall for fat rosy and her bull die cruise to places that they don't want any for kind they don't watch it they're rosy you're fairly idiot you'd date WQAM hello LAM yes a meal yep what can we use the I legal aliens to invade other countries and take back the oil that they saw from there you go let's send them all the Saudi Arabia what do you say huh yeah put about a bunch of big jumbo jets and said all their ass to Saudi Arabia drop right in the desert without a map what do you say sounds good how's like a plan to me nine ninety six we're the top of thousand before noon that means I can go play golf with Hank at the is so that we all I'll just make up some tournament maybe I'll call up Joe Bowlin least I'm playing an O' play also call up old Jones if you want to go play around a golfer two thousand votes how do you like the thousand three they're coming in and chunks just the way we like a man here on QAman chunks I think you're way okay and they're citing over a thousand votes by a new boy each or hard out across the street man of course now that they're doing that we'll entertain him midday radio and that's fat y'all yeah it would be one thing if they were subtle you know but they're trying so hard over there with his phony faxes and calls you know and Daniel Abastor he's younger when he's older than mad all of a sudden crap you know we got some decent people on here it's just that they're working very much what was the last time how many years ago is it that man I guess maybe I'm Friday no Friday we had a ball game too right yeah yeah that was floppy hat night I mean managed the most the almost never horses two and a half hours for his former dinner you're in I'm glad to see that they're really getting the mileage out of our people you know I think all of our people took my advice and multiplied by about ten turning it a little bit to an extreme you know well anyways but nice to be with y'all got to go play golf so here's the big go rock solid to live and interview we had last year when he was at the what do they call that thing I keep forgetting about that uh collar combat combine there you go the NFL combine what is that they go out and uh pick uh corn or something right yeah that's right right around on far but you want to pick uh corn and condo day it's a good day you should just the ride around the streets pick up a bunch of these illegals that are all run around the this business of the making demands that is just you talk about the epitome of woodspot yeah we're here illegally we don't have a green card a yellow card or a and yet we're making demands we demand you do this and you do that and that would be fed about and we want like a discounted Morrison's cafeteria which ain't even open no more what tells you a problem man god just uh discussing with me you got a winner huh yeah you got a lot of nerf see I think what we ought to do is invade Mexico if we want to be safe if you want to protect our borders and be safe from uh being invaded let's invade Mexico what are you saying there makes more sense in our rack and it's a lot closer by yeah but if we win than what they be said and out here in tier our soldiers are probably a lot better cuisine you know they might have a little pre-naple quits step but nevertheless we'll get more action in Mexico then they're getting over there that's where Dan sure QAM hello I just get a hot secret WQAM hello yeah that was one of the even Don Johnson or Lenny one of the other QAM oh no WQAM hello I want to be American yeah what does that mean um she's you've been talking about I think you got some little bit racist well what what do you mean you want to be American what does that mean where are you from I'm immigrant immigrant or illegal alien you know the difference I know I can be no I don't well go have somebody spladed to you okay honey and then call up and open up a big mouth okay I think you guys are little racist no we're not racist we're just uh believe in the law okay what you even understand the law honey do you understand it now I don't but I don't know somebody's spladed to you okay just spladed get there's your nose if he ain't busy and he'll spladed god I want to be American or you know something I think I said you what you can have my spot how's that I'll stay here you can have my spot should get to living your house no she could even live in your house that'd be funny you you're speaking the same line we don't know you don't know you don't know you don't know you have time you and you got that low cost now that you're getting a lot of pasta man I don't I don't speak fake access though it's nice and she she wasn't fake access she was for real okay you and those staff staff she was from uh grandma yeah she was from her under she was from hunger 1156 we're boycotting the whole universe today because we're all pissed off and fired up about very important thing at least a minute you told us man this is a good one there and make a lot of noise and a lot of crap okay and we have a lot of a foreign flag this is a new hey this is 5 16 16 8 I am fra iliana rassillaton and I like scrubbing my snake river house with soap night from jewels and listening to the new okay I'm gonna use the hour take a hand oh I'm Diane Sawyer we welcome you to prime time Tom Cruise we know him from the face the movies the money they make and the turbulence and fascination surrounding his life rectum and we talk about it all so Katie yes or shall I give me the quick one-minute version of the silent bird okay it is all through scienceology books that even unborn children must be protected from negative emotions there's even a mouthpiece to keep the mother's silent during what is this about it's basically just helping the mother to be quite and it's it's beautiful another controversy Scientologists do eat the placenta oh absolutely I really ate the placenta Katie to possess what Scientology is about up next here splitting up yes okay and that baby 12.15 16.19 and you're coming up at two come on like a daily like a cancels or a local way I'll be trying to do this next story I gotta play this it's not just hey goldburg it's a hippo problem of more than 26,000 species of animals birds plants and fish well this week we ended list of those in serious danger of extinction thousands of species including the common hippopotamus really are to be added or moved up to so-called red list drawn up by the world conservation union the alarming study by the union well my god one of the most authoritative pictures of world flora and fauna will make clear that global warming in human activity is responsible the report will confirm that the common skate what's abundant around Britain has been virtually wiped out the fish is still stock by some supermarkets and fish mongers but there's increasing pressure on them to ban it in the same way that cod has been moved from any retailer shelves remember all k-pad by patty page remember uh i'm not sure you guys that it wasn't it wasn't as good as say uh please pass i was taking them there and certainly wasn't as good as i like to when you get off your dot you'll end your face you keep your hands my hand you're milked when it comes to chicken order to win the fight i got a girl that call a queen of the hopper live on my queen i think i know we mean uh shark skates and razor all fucks to be vulnerable around twenty percent of sharks are increasing danger of extinction the state says the giant devil ways similar to our manter days often accidentally caught a net intended for tuna and other fish and i bet you're just an assumption pretty peoed about that too she likes that chicken with the sea thousand twenty nine votes already on its star spankled batter baby they love it let's bring back a little alienito what do you say let the abuela's give a little squeeze huh if i actually that's what's so flora that that's what the people in south photo just jones in four man is another good round of ethnic hate that's what they live for for a spank it in glades back and like that here's the fact it says i love the boycott this is the first stations hurricane will mother that i haven't smelled the stench of roof tarboreling i hate that aroma i actually like that aroma i hate roof tarboree yeah my i just hate that smell like mothball isn't that's all right now mothballs is good but i do i man how could you not love the smell of the nasty we're like ishtar what we're talking about ben gay did the day ben gay yeah i like that like menthol snow okay well let me go on like it might my uh two two who's the more my shorter all of my shorter my next thanks god are like ninety percent better i think that was all part of the flu you know what the flu you can probably weaken condition that's right all your aches and pains they're like you know coming right to the forefront like i feel real listless and no energy and you feel like a lot of playing golf see i get the feeling i don't want to start you know all what's up initially especially we don't know what the numbers are yet that'll be tomorrow morning eleven thirty but it just seems to me that we've got some people that really are our anxious not to be there very much you know or you mean besides us no we're anxious to be there whenever we're supposed to be you know in other words if we get like a ballgame comes up at twelve thirty or something you know we kiss the ground and kiss the microphone with some life so far and we're happy about that i mean they all that's not to ourselves nobody wants to work in more than they absolutely have to but it just seems to me because the stories we were hearing this morning about people and they're having to beg and plead and scream to get somebody to stay till like after first it was like after ten after nine and there was like after nine forty and put on some old can take peace of crap that i just don't understand this what kind of people are running this radio station that's what i would like to know okay of course we can't say that word anymore the first part is asked but what kind of people can are running this join i know what kind of people are smoking it god there there is something just shocking to me five six seven i'm not going to get look what we're going to do about it right i'll we can do is the best we can i keep saying that in one of these days when i put me in a box so put on the bottom put on my uh tombstone even the best he could it's all that was that every kind of people or let's put it ask your question music we have the link in the news in the u.s. are from meiko look at that that one is guitar ain't the right thing there's to palay but had liked that one out with the chigavara okay to be it take a look at this here's the guy saw on balloons not not wrong i mean if he's supposed to be boycotting work today after he's out there saw on balloons but i think he doesn't mix code that's the view from mexico that is yeah that's what they were saying on the cashier that's the view from meiko see when he's selling baloons mine well and we're glad he's selling them there and well what do they protest again next to co well what do they protest it about they're not just another day there oh just another day in paradise so yeah how many q a m hello q a m hello yeah they're legal this is funny they're rocking out with science and we're not criminals but yet they're screwing up the whole society that they live and shit on the ones that they wish right okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty meiko rising singular where are the slime how do you like that i think they are coming get your ass how you like that you redneck you stop law seventy q a m hello there in comio seventy q a m hello oh yes sir you got just another grateful american citizen who wants to extend my thanks to our illustrious president of a low low low gas crisis all right hey i was in the near excuse that we can i wish shot to see at all the front of yours yeah you know gas prices get really high and i guess maybe things that will talk for the for the momenter he was in a pawn shop and he was pawned his his muskrat and and his uh those are the toy yeah okay i guess a number two of palli five six seven oh five sixty pound five six in the Verizon singular wireless line thousand forty two most uned pulled man the star spankled banner oh so they can you see i still say oh can a guy you think that you're in luck so we're all star game cus your own sports really suck you got dogs red runs you should lose with guns what a way to answer today and you fish for ice you think hot these nice cause it's played without a parade who a Canada who knows you give me my old star game my mom it's back now this is the and that's your voice at the floor to panthers there Dave Street are doing the Colorado Dallas game yesterday that series is all done like some of the other ones he's really bad Dave's too I hate to see that but he he talks to the thieves and he sucks he's not good five six seven five six the pound five six the I mean Joe Angel was good look what happened to him huh we had some good people in town and look what happened to poor Joe he got uh he got the shaft baby WQAM hello what an anchor I'll be a failure Canadian WQAM hello hey yes sir pro touches I bet if you're bottom all the restaurant want to come back over okay bottom them all we're in a bomb agrande you said we'll start right into your house WQAM hello hello yes tonight I hate a chili how do you say hello Neo as far as these illegal goes nobody really cares about eating no chalupa or no what they're mala or no fake beans and all that you know let's get with the program here let's live with a program baby let's pray to Jesus Lord our Savior okay and you go bastard yeah you're gonna rot in the hell man you ate the as fast five six seven oh five six you see he's tried to turn it around there but you know very weak your materials been so stale and weak last couple months I'm embarrassed for you and your little boyfriends your little playmates okay so our body there's George Pony again grandstanny I mean making a big sum of all of them an entire generation of people Bobby Deer and by the way I bet you didn't know became like a real great liberal activist was on the bobby Kennedy campaign trail you're right I didn't know there you go and you got really tired of the whole thing with the entertainment and the show business and that and he got tired of seeing the same old old songs you know over and over again yeah kind of like Rick Nelson now tired of that crap yeah he said it bites and then the bobby Kennedy got off and then after that he became extremely disillusioned and minded like seclusion and this and then of course like most of these entertainers when they want to get out just when they thought they were out they could pull back in and he had to go back on the nightclub circuit because he was broke broke and whoever had the rights to all those songs went bankrupt and he lost all that money from all those big hit songs he had you know like Mac the knife and right and beyond the sea like that and then his heart came out well he said that he had some kind of dental work you know I guess when he had a bad heart I never I never really thought about it so much but if you have a bad heart the if you had any kind of dental work done they give you the gas and they give you the gas gas they've antibiotics her were you were that low and they didn't do that and so they're to this day they wonder if maybe the dentist didn't scrub bad maybe his heart which was already because he had like um poisoning and some of the who who downloads and what he's dead you know you can you can analyze it all you want he still dead poor bobby there and he's all right it was no big deal you know big tumis any at a bad hair piece actually it must have been a good hair piece because nobody knew was a piece see what I'm saying that's right it was a really good piece that personal that's like what would say give my piece a chance 12 minutes past noon at five sixty wqm go to your two mad dog at four and then marlins stuff baby how'd you like to be poor any case because of that bad nighttime signal woo follow those marlin losses night after night after night get swept by the Colorado Rockies what was he tens yesterday Josh got any idea oh I don't I mean well what number did they make up I'll look it up during the break I'll look it up in a hero website because it's a lot faster for me than the sun signal because time jica I think put a he put a whoo hex on my computer and only works on the sun sent a website we're out of the atomic you're not fooling anybody with a stupid q and a that you make up hey if you're voting that's not unusual that's pretty much everybody in south Florida well if you ever thought about buying about don't do it do something smarter call cub not a code one eight hundred vote rent right now why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a vote and go through all a hassle when you can rent one totally hassle free join the club club notico call 1 800 vote rent you'll be surprised as how easy this no docking cost it no expensive uh... upkeep no insurance or dare i say it no hurricane preparation when the vote from club notico it's totally stress free and truly affordable to call 1 800 vote rent no having to touch your ranking the boat ready club notico does all the work for you no cleaning up either a club notico all you do is hop on your boat and go you'll be clean the hop when you don't pull out of the dock it often leave it's that simple club notico call 1 800 vote rent for unlimited voting for to pay as you go small boasting your charters whatever you like it's club notico call 1 800 vote rent a club notico Taylor applying to fit your needs and budget 1 800 vote rent make that call get on the water today with club notico this is new writers this is five 16 16 floating balls the ice age they saved an ascomo baby in ice age the meltdown they saved their valley now can they save themselves ice age the extension starting way remunner uh... not a meteor now are gonna starve and then is really hey shut up here's what we're gonna do we're gonna go back we're gonna get back to the first will be okay okay you know we're starting for family entertainment nothing delivers like ice age be it's okay so uh i'm gonna die now all serious later in about 16 000 the museum are guys hey like yes dinner served okay okay i think the extension it's free hysterical club notino these idiots in the europeal got these signs i love immigrant new york the only problem that is that's a canvas the thing today is nothing to do with immigrants and i believe legally right but i'll confuse the people of CNN with that because that would be bad demonstrators began to rally against a proposed crackdown on illegal immigration boycotting job schools and businesses is a way to show the economic power of immigrant says this is the CNN website of course they they they just they is the i guess they need a lesson you know just like that brother called before did know the difference between illegal aliens and immigrants or they don't just pretending not to know organizes predicted on precedent participation today's rally saying people and many cities with you in a protest will get them all up with a butterfly net yeah it could be tens of millions from coast coast from Los Angeles to New York said have your rod regays yeah folks meant for the marks twenty fifth coalition eight no pain that's what you think crowds gathered in LA California and New Orleans which you think that have their own fish to fry there but it was too early to get how many people turn out probably can't fish one of the first rallies began in the warman's armstrong park where people wave u.s. flags in early crowds in southern florida along line of people walked along u.s. one in homestead uh according to the mp Jose Cruz twenty two year old construction worker from al salvatore told a.p. it would be worth marching even if he lost his job it's worth losing several jobs to get my papers and crews who has had a he's got a temporary work permit we worth losing his job to get his papers when you don't for courting at the herald for the face and pretty soon by the way's p.o. to the opera she don't treat them rappers right tension to bad okay we get that DVD what's that the one that should be in the mail to the opera one yeah no in Mexico city where a made a march was scheduled some people plan to show support for the west rallies and called for a boycott of 750 u.s. v.s. that operate in that country in Mexico where if you get into wrong cab they take you out in the middle nowhere and give you what for and take all your cab and nobody receives you again meanwhile a coalition of Hispanic American group cell the news conference have walked in the stress that the protests did not represent all immigrants we understand the importance contribution immigrants have made to the economy and the industry of the state nation said retired kernel Albert F. Rodriguez a veteran of W.t. w.t. 2 and the Vietnam War but the differences that we and millions of others like us did it legally we're all here today to tell all these illegal protesters you do not speak for me that's what Mister robbery is saying say that he's including including our Rodriguez see but but native a Lopez native people presently Mexican American political association bobbed administrators dub the day without immigrants will be unprecedented their scope we're going to see something that's never heard in history of this country a day in which immigrants with hold their labor with hold their consuming power don't go to school don't go shopping don't go selling low press it in New York organizers are calling for demonstrators to form a human chain at 12 16 p.m. that six minutes ago i didn't see no human chain to do a stop on some people with the posters no a human chain a human chain to symbolize that he's said were they a controversial bill sponsored by representative james and senator republican was constant times in the was has to represent is the bill was called in the center would make problems the illegal immigrants and calls for new walls on 700 miles of the 2000s my US Mexican border they're going to have a human chain to keep all you illegal's out a rally's also been scheduled for p.m. in union square Manhattan and demonstrated title march from the parts of the main federal building in chicago organizes estimating between 300 and 500,000 people will show up for rally in grant park which would make one of the city's largest administrations chicago places that they work with organizers to ensure the rally remains peaceful and don't play it where it played a were right gear but we put it up the boundary all these estimates oh oh you know 7 million nine million 11 million 200 million 100 million illegal's in the US you're all illegal how do you like that so go back where you came from 166 votes on a national anthem man what good thing about this it's got nothing to do with uh banjo boy group incorporated bbgi that that is the greatest in the history mankind that is the best banjo boy bbgi i want to blow out by the bbgi there and she'll do a clock this afternoon so I'm going out and hit the link the breakfast links at the aboufai thinking about the play golf oh god 5 670 5 60 5 6 and the horizon of all the things in the world that you could possibly do if I put my bottom 10 that I would ever even consider my golf would be in there guaranteed well and I've watching other people play golf that would like even top that have you ever played a game of golf yes me too well I was about I don't know like 19 or 20 some friend of my talking in the grown-on I was about a couple of times I went and it was really boring yeah and pondress and stupid and idiotic and it was just about as much fun as a root canal games where you have to wait a long time to do something yeah any stand around anyway for the guys who are 20 and you walk in you walk in you five six seven oh five 60 come on let's get these phones smoking maybe we want to be phone intensive till gueldy time it's a clock because he's going to be analyzing that draft I'm sure he's going to have the dolphins going like 15 and one I would think when you oh sure oh no I forgot about that there are any other crosses straight he's going to have the dolphin to go one and 15 I believe WQAM hello yeah that's for damn sure there should be a law WQAM hello me out yes hi how are you doing okay good I'm about to judge him why don't we get that great state of Texas that to the Mexican and they can shoot him up and beat him up right I know who would be their president too yeah and you know they can't but Texas gave us proper bus you think she's Marie and Vanessa and she's W's like three days from the godfather why don't we just send them on to Mexico okay sounds good to me okay see in San Antonio with the marlins the marlins are going to play in Mexico that's a hell of an idea that's a girl yeah the Mexico marlins it's got a nice ring right and right M&M 26 past noon at five 60 WQAM here's a silly question to be tried to teach him pasta John the Bakers well if you have any taste at all and if we did this long haven't done a what are you waiting for John the Baker is the best to tell you restaurant this at university drive now with two great locations for you the brand new John the Baker in the sterling town center on sterling road just west of Pine Island road in Cooper City and the classic John the Baker in Pembro Pines just west of Lemango in the home depot center on Pines Boulevard the food is as good as it gets in South Florida huge portions of all your favorite Italian homemade delights plus with John the Baker's low low prices you can take all family for lunch and dinner is often as you want and stay well with in your budget now when you call for take out or you go in be sure please to ask for the Neil deal because that is like foaming at the mouth okay if you don't mention my name he gets very upset be sure to ask for the Neil deal a large 16 inch pizza half dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coax all these things for just 14 75 take out or die in tonight and pepper pines for take out call 9 5 4 4 3 1 4 3 15 in Cooper City 9 5 4 2 5 2 0 91 pizza a pasta meal chicken parmesan sausage and peppers all your favorite sub sandwiches and lots lots more if i'm getting any better than John the Baker's this phasing me who Rogers this is 5 16 16 know that the Lord even loves the O'erages now that Nick is gone who will fill the void in Jessica's heart find out on MTV's newly mom with Jessica Simpson i'm adapting a child because a baby is like a little angel flying down from heaven clapping it swings like a tiny buffalo Jessica speaks candidly about being a single mom right now i'm a family of one and a baby would make us a family of more than one anyway i heard you should breastfeed but what's better to camera 13 i'm sure reviews on child rearing mild rearing wait that's for the diaper going to be plus Jessica has some essential safety tips it's really important to like not drop your baby on a tad unless it's a family tradition like in my family you are with Jessica Simpson right after my stroller only on MTV company one i swear to a lot a thousand eighty votes on our pool we're going to do 11115 thousand 400 million however many illegal aliens are out there protesting day and they without illegals man is like a day without sunshine and look at that full man these people they they're a spastic you know well i should i should have known that early uh flutter there whatever that was all right that that really flurry they've been avoiding the protest i have a feeling that's what they're doing whatever i say they'll do the opposite okay maybe maybe they're standing around protest let's have a QA protest what do you say five six seven oh five sixty who would like to join the banjo boy group protest QA starting there we're starting right now see i'm gonna go out and tell you about a god man it looks it looks just delicious out there you know i'm sitting here looking through my window what's the temperature right now it's uh holy moly 65 degrees gonna make at least 70 they have a feeling of in 65 already in 1230 it's gonna be in the 70s no jacket and shirt sleeves day they're gonna be young people walking them out out there practically naked i got to go out there and take a look see up north want to get about up north there gets above like 50 or 60 everybody acts like it's in middle of the so yeah they go nuts they start walking around in shorts and like you know nothing no top on including the chicks by the way that the breast sandwich is what the dork said was okay with Jessica poor Jessica man she takes so much crap for being a dumb blonde bimbo what's wrong with that nothing i thought that's what was supposed to be and she didn't just find you must do a chance we'll do that with a woman right there so also said i had my chance remember so also please like a picture yeah now i'm the uh hundred hundred one and at least said something like that and then of course i'm being oh WQAM hello no that was a mcustia QAM deal yes sir you play about a half hour godfather one no i can't WQAM hello hi Neil yes did you see him that bobby bear in special bet um the woman who raised him that he called mom and a visitor uh that was where you asked that a stirman actually is mom that never reminded me of Ted Bundy was the same thing he thought it was his sister and was actually his mother all his life he was he was mom could not be his grandmother right there's something like that no he though the one he thought was his sister was really his mother yeah and the mother he was a bastard child and he wanted to know if he was illegal right see bobby bobby there could be out there martian because he was also illegal right well he had a very short tragic life he was like 37 when he died and yeah he had a bad heart i caught your arrow that's we do he said he was a drunk i knew that heart i wasn't going to call and so we know you're wrong i've been saying that for years but i apologize profusely even with dead guy that was a very bad on my part but Sandra he was a drunk and i was she yeah this is ex-wife yeah well how it was full of drugs you know he was probably the hairpiece that put her over the edge you know a little bit hairpiece they were the bad looking guy oh come on did you really watch that show come on he even his son there said he had like two chains and a base size and you know yeah but i mean in contrast to some other people out there now so yeah he was no Jimmy to Randy fine for Frank's in atroids you know do what would they give you to Randy yeah better look in the movie right and that's correct well listen have a great day and thank you for thanks for straightening up for Bob yeah bro what thing was that thing oh yeah yeah i got a mall man i got everybody here you go i never even heard of this artificial flowers what's that well i'm in the work it was too little and see i i never heard of before i still talked it up pretty each of her hard-out Ron say John you too funny girl only one person in america can talk about better in me you know who that is oh my uh cat friend not my handy cat friend just my family cat friend 560560 well but to there's more you talk about smell and mothballs can you imagine what's that thing wow he never takes it off i don't know what you're laughing about he never grown onto his head you know who else used to wear a camp like that all the time rod's stiger okay that's right stiger we're a great actor ponbrokers he to the night oh he was great one of my favorite actors he's dead now by the way right stiger going to show you a rookie if you keep wearing that camp you've got a croaks on days so get air it out a little bit you know wind and out air it out please what are we going to do without footy oh god how is southwater radio going to continue i'm going to be care this week too just an honor for you it's a good idea sure yeah i'm going to take early retirement but you're never going to get that deal straight now to get out of here you guys along but it be but a little bit about yeah and that drama can't watch wrong yeah so let me ask you this i i probably shouldn't ask because i don't have a relapse oh it would be good it's used to be i'll stick the rest of the week i think i think rollovia real sick about levatory tomorrow morning that could be wrong about eleven forty-day that could be arranged so have you had any actual conversation when anybody about this or was this just you were assuming that it's uh in the hop up the last time we had a conversation is that everything was agreed upon and it just needs to be uh well what was that was close that was last week that was subsequent to Friday and all that normal camp is this no i mean that's no that was that preceded that right so now there was you know anything right boycott wqa m hello your kiddo papo bill named you are yeah i bet quote with the espanyu or maybe speak it in ways okay talk at a talk speak it in ways tackle bell my ass i do like tackle bell that's the yesterday i love it fact i i got tackle bell not too far from me here's matter fact i can go there get some for lunch by better not because i want to be in uh bad stuff you know yes you will lot of current i don't do it but i mean you know i you can bring in home though i can get them burritos and you just open my own new come a little bit open them up and just eat all the good stuff from the inside hold the beans please hold the beans you don't the content onto some greenfield pasta you know that is a fantastic thought when that sour cream because you have chilly back you know you do that all the time yeah well that's what the sentence sounds better talk over because they got the chopped tomatoes in her you know you need to run for peel uh automatic for that oh they got some new deal on the information is not it got his new chopper and you need to fly on it or use it to chop up your onions and tomatoes and stuff but i got more crapped there on tv more stuff up by the way we've gotten five this is a chain email that's going around dear president bush i plan to trip to Mexico chain email we've gotten five of them on the facts machine we don't need it saying why it's another one of these two but i'm planning a trip to my own like go there and say more like comedy bit that we have already basically yeah saying the same thing but not as funny i've got a nice one was like i said you mean that is okay here and i'd like them to speak english and see you know what this is again this is a bunch of idiots who think that they're funny but they're not you know it's like when you've got a piece of food on your cheek and you reach up and it's not you think it's food but it's not same thing they're not funny you're not funny folks you're not funny you're pathetic why don't you admit it you were South Florida you're pathetic you're tragic most you we had one great call today and like i was good could we like uh bottle him or something god well one great call he was like articulate and like under the age of a hundred and had something to say and was happy to have any complaints it's just a great american man it's a good guy with an IQ larger than his thumb and worth these people ah ha ha or so a clever it's just like you know they're these you know the ones i'm talking about for all i mean anything to a real hoot like the garland that's trying to get into that you're not going to you're not going to be on the show go garland razor blades will you go garland some ground glass u.s. god what they call it already it was funny the first six thousand times it was a little bit of music was okay a little bit of a chuckle you're not funny no mold just like he wasn't funny you know some photos famous for its trade shows there's boat shows car shows bridal shows home shows art fairs galore and more now if you're a trade show exhibitor the only name you need no is tubset pubset creates the absolute top of line attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five right now and pubsettler get you set for success don't forget when it comes to design printing coaches banners and especially trade show displays pubsets been the very best for 14 long years now nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five right at down for pubsett nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five from design a setup pubset can handle audio trade show needs right to sure that pubset will separate you from all the competition go look second rate because you only get one chance to look great pubsets this smart way to go call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five or online it's pubsett s f dot com for top-notch design trade show graphics and displays pubsets the way to go look for my ugly picture under building long to see how we just know the commercial called pubsett today and tell them that stuff totally call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five this is Neil Rogers I think you're right it's a five sixty two eight eight oh good meh you fifths in code in my uh oh Mexico national holiday on stations are getting away six to ten coups I'm getting away trips to Mexico City but we are bringing Mexico to you that's right we're giving away Mexican real life Mexican I show them we'll be smart immediately aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back then we'll give one to you imagine your own personal Mexico wash your car in your house if you're trying to think you want because if they don't you'll have them deported audio sounds even a bit cooler when you hear this out and win on Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans they think in the last of the Mexicans is winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. Hello great sickle to my oh we're home. Every day we're very old Mexican. These are the sickle we're not 46 we got a bit in here I haven't played I don't know what tell us sounds like but I might be interesting right now yeah it's been on there at this. Even if you are suffering from much as almost revenge or bound up from too much case or death is a new product that is right up your earhole if they lack it if they don't clean your face like nobody did this okay it's called Mexicans yeah oh let it go now let's do it that's what I was afraid of here's an email that doesn't normally have your email address yeah see why do I have to continue to be because you know this way gets out of here it's hard why are we always pimping new you know here's the email spoke to Joe bell Friday waiting for email from corporate waiting for good though to it says need to get contract from there should be here today tell George to call my office after two normal so call normal after two okay just leave me out of it like I said Friday leave me I just asked out of curiosity okay I got enough grief from them every day just showing up and finding out all the walls of Jericho are tumbling down Cindy she and rights mission accomplished day today may first is the third anniversary of the end of major combat in Iraq it was a glorious day when George Bush the one of the deck of Abraham Lincoln was held by the raptor's thrones of totally news persons such as Chris Matthews and that's the president looking very much like a jet you know a high flying starry seven hardball may for 2003 and Bob Sheeper who said as far as I'm concerned that was one of the great pictures of all time and if you're a political consultant you can just see campaign commercials written all over the pictures of George Bush that was on meet the press made for 2003 what are fast and clean war G Gordon Litty was in trouble the president's package all those women who say size doesn't count through all liars hardball may seven 2003 and a new era free from terrorism was ushered in this is the faith-based fave all of what happened almost exactly three years ago that reality based in area goes something like this over 24 hundred American soldiers including my son who was killed almost a year after mission accomplished day and come home and cardboard boxes and cargo areas of planes in the secrecy of the night thousands of young people are wounded many grievously also busted to water read other hospitals in the dark of the night tons of rubble upon rubble in a rack with inconsistent electrical power still and not much clean water or chance of future power and clean water hundreds of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians are dead being punished for the sins of a leader who was propped up armed and supported by many US regimes the make sure to mission accomplished day or operation cod peace public relations dream for the presidential pelvic zone has turned into a frighteningly real nightmare for so many people around the world who have had sons daughters mothers father sisters brothers and oftentimes entire families wife found devastated by the spreading and smirking terrorists who was feeling mighty chipperized than the Washington course bonus annual dinner as the 24 hundred soldiers being killed and as the 24 hundred cool star mother was falling on the forest screaming for a child there are hundreds of thousands of people on our planet of a hard time ever feeling chipper again because of George Bush no matter how good he looks in a flight suit now that bush coes done such a fantastic job of the invasion and occupation of a rack that should never have happened the first place the not that the hands have it is extraordinarily evil and scope and tactics he's warning Iran that if it doesn't shave up the US is going to come and impose freedom and democracy on that country the raw raw yes or Congress wasn't easy job of proving everything that George does thereby limiting critical thinking to be the ready summons of rational discussion and devoted for sanctions that will lead to an attack on Iran which will be devastating for our troops in Iraq and for that poor region that had the unfortunate luck to be billed upon tremendous oil and natural gas reserves only twenty one congresspeople voted nay on the Iran freedom support act which is incredible considering what happened when they voted yay to give George Bush the green life for every section against Iraq and to invade it. I ran into one of the evoitors on the Iran freedom support act representative major ohens and asked him why he voted that way he said because of what he hated the evil regime of Iran asked about our own evil irresponsible regime the radical president of Iran says very irresponsible and inflammatory things the violent counts as over a decade away from a nuclear weapon and is reigned in by the mulls and the unpopulation of Iran is very westernized we're in trouble with our one party system or government which is the war party before we the people need to be subjected to another swaggering spectacle from George after he's bombed Iran back in the stone ages and has made we the people of the US even more hated around the world it's time to rate him in ourselves congress won't do it and the media's falling in the lockstep behind the murder again it's time to fire the war next soon bloodlust could up he's slated in a higher people who finally use their wisdom integrity and nonviolence to solve problems and will create him in the imaginary problems out of smoke and mirrors we need to congress that'll hold George accountable not when it's contesting in the war crimes Martin Luther came to you said we must live together as brothers or perished together as fools God protect us from the fools that we elected to protect us he said Cindy she and you both Cindy and as soon as you find out who those people are you were just talking about let us know their names okay the one she was telling us the vote for who let us know who they are oh wait yeah Jay is that effect well which is gonna come first your new contract among me five those names that's nice we're waiting for good though waiting for the guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a rise in singer wireless line eleven hundred and twenty votes on our poll today host a can you see now do we have any uh i don't know if we have any star's mental benefits i don't need things to look at we have no we have stars and stripes forever none that's not a bit i'm talking more about things that fit in like my slides either if you are suffering from luck is almost revenge oh god wqa m hello yes you're wondering just start from a comedy show to a political show meaning what meaning you have to be fine now she's thought it but when we talk in poverty i just read one story and that's politics a put me to free you are young something taking good CS location luck drop in five six seven oh five sixty yeah there's a there's a real soft photo activist for there there's somebody really cares about what's going on where you're a smuck pal you're exactly what's wrong with the world today in fact all these marchers out there there gonna be not gonna be doing about half our and deport your ass you're going to for ruby baby you're going to Lima you're gonna be writing in lima and alama you jackass five six seven oh five sixty pound five six to leave a rise in singer wireless lines w q a m hello two a m going once hello turn that radio turn that radio down please please i'm begging you turn it off oh okay let us turn it back up to be q a m hello mele yes sir i have to get a say about the people that are protesting in Miami yes we're bringing a hundred tax dollars to break up traffic people to stop traffic people getting stuck in traffic because of them and they want us to be sympathetic everybody else at the time you just drive around a restaurant there is no traffic there is no traffic well that's what everybody's been telling me there's no traffic because all these illegals are busy it's just in that one of the one areas where they're protesting all right and my my co-worker what the say something okay good time to go ahead five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in sing at a wireless line and you wonder why America's in the shape that it's in what the world if you just if you just get down on you need to pray say a little prayer like the on Warwick and your resources right right if you just get your flying carpet rock back and forth or if you go to the wailing lawn you're dovinning man and you got your long beard and you've been silly head on and your granny glasses and you're dovinning back and forth by rule of hot the battle taker then god will intervene man then they will save you and then they will fear you by the way whatever whatever happened with that godfather for remember that what would happen to that to just heard the rumors where Leo to camp it was gonna play done colion okay let's see is that your re-trip that that's a re-trip since that's what you said because I don't want to correct you so I'm going to be a re-tiversion what do you mean you want to correct me on one or because it's the on-world Rick or your re-trip they've okay to hit on and it's heard that you re-trip art no uh did I not start by saying Dion Warwick I'm only hearing every other word today because you know the process there you go here's the on-be on baby let's get that second timeline where's Beau Griffa when you need that bitch he probably will put Joe Castell when surprised me it's the bull and Joe show coming up at two the afternoon beats and gullia said seven barely here and I still talk I still never man like Tom yeah okay it's on now but it's you're not to be a fraud or why I just like her too what was that song she did with a spinner's then came you but that's it out of you got that that's a good song yeah oh that is great remember that song but it said dude we're working as spinners mm-hmm yeah oh I keep forgetting I asked Tommy every coming here was right the name of that instrument what did I back or that one too that ball with a cowbell in the bottom right at the home lumbering um everything in the motown thing that food pedal thing where they call it the wall the wall the wall the wall the wall the wall the wall the regular hands wow wow wow wow we don't get enough of that anymore I like spinners yeah I love the spinners love that rubber band man let's play this till guilty time into a plaque what do you say here's the on work and the spinners new format on QAM there you go there's the rubber band man rolling yeah they were It's fun, they had fun. Yeah, spinners regret the comedors were good. All the motel was good. And it's like I said, a little bit in the past. He said this great music now. Like, why does Oprah keep picking on 50 cents? So what am I going to get that damn discount ready for Christ's six? Should have already gotten you. Well, that's your buddy McGill or he's too busy. You know, go to go to view the debut of that stupid ass movie there. The Cuba movie? Oh, is that where he's going? You're buddy Andy Garcia. Sure, that. And that's why he still don't have a number on our fundraising thing. How about you? We got at least 23 grand for that thing now on our best of. We can't even get a thousand dollars a year. 30th anniversary my ass, you know, that whole... But third man. He can't even get to a thousand dollars average per year. Talk about a bunch of ungrateful sounds. This is new Roger. This is 516A. So this is not a tomb. It's the one, the two, I'll. gasoline prices were expected to hit $3 a gallon by the start of the summer. But guess what? If you're one of the people fueling it, the prices you see now just wait. Sir, you're the same. Nice, you're the same. Back when? 1060. 1967's most exciting program on sale. He's got some fuel at the pump or design. No, another fantastic concept. Looks like it's going to be $4 a summer. One day the phone is in the dream. She's feeling full. When I started driving, it was less than $1 a gallon now. Oh, this is crazy. I can't afford a game. I can't afford my eyes. Three, nine, three. No. Oh, where'd you go? Where'd you go? Oh, crap. I can't afford to know. Oh, crap, there we go. So the price is small. You have to wonder what's going to happen next year. Are we going to be talking about $5 a gallon? Oh, I think she's getting close. Steve looks. That's why I heard it was going to be. In fact, I heard that you can get some good cigar for a box from your buddy. Yeah, bread. You're a good, close personal buddy, bread. Like, well, I'm going to tell you that sunset on website is the most screwed up thing. I clicked on a straight up printed about like three minutes ago. And this is I'm talking now. It's just starting to kick out. All right. Old style. It's kicking an old style. Well, this is the one I gave you a little tease on calling Sammy LR. We don't want to get too newsy though, because that one punk. He might turn over and hear O.J. I'm a caveat about wearing diapers in the locker room. It used to be funny either. I know it. Calling Sammy LR, we had a liar in a master manipulator. A federal judge today ordered the former university professor to spend another year and a half and prison before he's deporting his terrorism conspiracy case. L, area on 40. It was sentenced to four years and nine months. But it'll be a credit for the more than three years and two months he's already serving. Hell before and after his trial. U.S. district judge James S. Moody. I want to be skinned to John Moody the driver for Mazzle Park. James Moody delivered some harsh words for the former university's South Dakota Computer Engineering Professor. Moody said he believed LRN was an active leader in the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Who raised money for suicide bombings in Israel and the Palestinian territories and lied about his involvement. Like Danny Gallivan would have said, the Palestinian territories. This missing defense content that money raised by LRN is co-defense went to support Palestinian charity. He said, Moody said, you're only connected with those in orphans. Was that you create them? That's a good line. That's your only, that's like George Boyce. That's his only connection with those in orphans. Is that he creates them? Very good judge. You go judge. Getting his own show. Can get that damn judge Judy which right off the ear. Nasty, hateful, sound. A liker. I'm just joking. 567, as she kicks ass, ancient style. 567, 0560. I'm starting to make a little bit of a comeback now, you know? Yeah. Warmen up. That's because you got me all enthused about that taco bell on my dreamfields pasta. That sounds right. It does. Give me like a breeder supreme with no beans and it's weird that I'm nice. Puzzle and ordained and dump it right out of there. Man. That sounds really, really good. And I don't know if Mexican protest day. That's right. Everybody go to Taco Bell today. OK, and mind your mind, your man. Just pick out. Or they're all by Pepsi anyway. But we like Pepsi a lot. Mm-hmm. In fact, no, you know something? They didn't have any more caffeine-free diet Pepsi yesterday. So I got me my master choice. I guess that's a Canadian brand. Because it said you like this pretty good. Sans caffeine, diet cooler. It's OK. It tastes like Coke. Not like they're not good like Pepsi. But like, oh, it's all right. It tastes like Chac. Cola. Oh, God. Oh, woo, woo. And lose this, see? Yeah. God. Now what happened after the Civil War? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Now I'm starting to make a little bit of a comeback. I wouldn't be surprised if sometimes this week one of my ears open. And whatever day that is, I'll leave the show and go right off to a bed. Because that'll be a sign from God that I'm going to find a really hot machine mine. How many QAN? Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to tell you something else. I don't know. Should go on the air. I was listening to the air America show of Adio on the weekends. Well, if you don't know if it should go on the air, how are we going to do that? What am I going to do? I don't know. Oh, we got to hear it. Hello. Yeah, we want to hear it. She came in contact with this move. I was going to ask the thing that you could have seen and you wouldn't do it with a flat one. Yeah. And then what she did was, for about 10 to 10 seconds after that, she made the falling sound. Oh, the rate. Well, that's because she doesn't work for joy. So, there you go. That's the God. She's making farting sounds on here because we can. Okay. And she's also still all my sounders. And that's okay. They were had to original thought in her mind. And speaking of her, by the way, I want to hear a good, what is doing? Which buddy? Hi. Oh, she's Jim. That one. Oh, you know, she was confused. I think that was probably part of the dealer. She was confused. And I'm already still interested by the way, sweetheart. 567. 560. 560. The Verizon Sigator. Wireless line. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Nail. A top buddy. Mexican protest day, yes, sir. I know that. I know that a lot of protests and everything going on, but it's a, what's up with the Joey Hansen view? Yeah, what is up? They're, for that's what they're protesting about. What's wrong with you, man? Get with it. That's what they're all lined up protesting about. Those are all the, the illegally indulz fans, man. The protesting, they don't want no joy, hearing, then retread, reject from Detroit. God, is he suck? He's so bad. You ever see him play Josh? Of course. He sure can't play. He is pathetic. You can go out there and do better job. In fact, I'm your, T, even Troy the boy who was running back back in the day, even he could go out there and probably sling it better than Joey, hearing. Joey Reynolds could probably be about a quarter back. So all this, V.S. the next save of this pedal, and he meant, first of all, they got a really discrmodal and hostile banged up injured quarter back, instead of play, maybe hopefully by the last time, by the time that they're one and seven, then have a way to step in, you know, step back in like Michael said. Remember that step back in? And Godfather three, which Josh did finally see and he's out of you all and the good thing is for George is your movie's that has already been shipped out around this week. Can't wait. What's it in with it? I forget I forgot. Right. Whatever it is, it's the Kurt Colbane. Yeah. Yeah. The last day is the Kurt Colbane. The worst movie, if you don't agree with me, that's one of the five or ten worst movies that's ever been made, much less you've ever seen. Then you're, you just, you must be doing heavy-ass. That's what it was. There's to be scientific. I'll get really baked before I walk. You can see if that's changing. They don't even come close. Okay, deep-fried. Might do it. Deep-fried. Let's take my head in the microwave. Right. WDQAM. Hello. Whatever it is, it's very hard-coken. Hello. No. The worst movie. No. It is. Yeah. Can I stick to Neil? Sticking. Neil. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hold on. Are you doing? I'm doing it. I'm good. I'm good. This doesn't sound like Neil. Well, what was you like me to do? I could make him fart sounds, but you're going to do something. Let me turn the radio off. I'm going to turn the radio off. Yeah. Maybe if you turn the radio off and stuck the phone to you, you're going to say, where you've added me. Yeah. There you go. What are you got? Well, I just, on the, how much is it price to over a million today? 560, see the right there. There's a reason right away. He's from. We're sending them back. That's where you're going. I'd go home and pack right now. Okay. Went back. Get lost. 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and the Verizon signal by the sign. Go to you again today. Oh, man. We got guilty. We're just petrified. We got so much guilty. It is really a scary thing. And of course, exclusively on BBGI, the Bangermore group ink. Nobody else wants it. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, man. We'll be back in a few years. I love you, sir. I really do want to want to think you talk about what? But I'm just saying, I can't agree with you. What is there to disagree about? In other words, you'll legal people. We ought to just let them all come in. I've come. If they're not only a private point, people's a president. I've got to follow the law. Which way I can go to do? Don't go to follow the law. Yeah. That don't make no sense. Well, well, what does that mean? In other words, if somebody raped somebody, then I could have go to jail. What are you talking about? Man, talk in crap is what you're talking. Like Ted Bundy didn't, you know, he didn't have to follow the law. Which they did. Great. The law, so everybody should be allowed to. Yeah. In other words, when my people raped the law, they don't pay for it. Okay, just like the BTK killer that was talking about before, who is as white as the fallen snow. Another one of these good religions in the prison of his congregation. The Lutheran, Jesus, God, the Almighty, Congratulation there in the witch-a-ta. You do the crime. You're a piece of slime and you're going to do the time. That's what it boils down to. And if you break the law and you come in to illegal, first of all, these people to show you how stupid they are and how they, you know, follow, follow the leader. Like you said before, if they were smart, they'd lay low. Right? They wouldn't be out there and saying, but basically the only sign they should be. Holden up his one. It says, I'm an illegal. I'm, I came in illegally. I sneaked in. Grabbed me up now and get my ass out of here. That's what they should be holding up signs. Okay. Truth and packaging, baby. illegal. Look it up in a book. Okay. Breaking the law. Breaking the law. You know, not just picking the nose, not just Jay Walken. Not just going out and dealing with their neighbors' wife or something like that. We're talking about coming in the country illegally here. And employers are hiring them illegally and paying them under the table. Subminimum wage. And of course, no taxes, no nothing. And if that's the kind of, you know, and again, it comes back to this whole book. Well, crap about homeland security. There is no homeland security. When you can't protect the border, how's anybody going to be safe? And they build all these damn tunnels. And immediately as they're showing us pictures of all the tunnels, how come, how come our border patrol into something about closed non-host tunnels? Huh? Can you tell me that? I know what will close down those tunnels real fast. Okay. Una bomba. Let's get Ricky Valens back. What are you saying? Una bomba grande. I hated him. I did two. I couldn't stand him. He would make any good music at all. No. He had O'Donna and La Bomba. And that was a middle-leave smash. I don't know. I'd like that either. No. I'd like that either. And La Bomba is also a riff off of like a boat tune. So he didn't even know what credit for that. Game was on me again. Una bomba. Una bomba. Una bomba. Una bomba. Una bomba. Una bomba. Una bomba. A battle of the Bancervoy is Bobby Darren and Ricky Valens. And a sad news is, the scene of the boat is still coming. They're both still dead. How do you like that at the boat dead? And if you play with you, Valens again, you don't go to do it. I think you're mad. That's right. One-thirteen a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 A.S. Alright, this is G Gordon-Lity. And they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. Down the top of the bay, at the show that you could pay. I heard some drums on the down here, but they have this day. I got a trailer full of it. Roll them across the market just today. A wrap. Now, once far more than Chubbywood caught me. Dark ones and both will lose the green around their teeth. I got a trailer full of it, and I just killed the nags with the red. Made a scene for mine. This in the last turn above the down here to this. This is the burning of an hour and a gig. Let's keep one foot in our living energy. We're going to start a smart world with two robots. We're about to sing with the living energy. I got a nail on the back of the neck. Some were still alive, but some were alive. We were dead, some were still alive. The scene was set to work without the bell. I got a trailer full of it, too good. Both things seemed up so I could pay. Now, the work on day, the less than we were away. We're just a rough day, now we're living in the end. They can learn about the hour, they can repeat. Let's stop the call, stop the hour, we can repeat. Everyone girl in Phoenix, they're sure all these different parades used in the Phoenix and wherever else. I guess there are a lot of them hold up those sons. We are the dream. I think you are the nightmare. There you go. Not the dream. And what this should point out to everybody is that you got an economy which is in very large part based on slave labor with illegal areas. And the grave robbing employers that hire these people, they're the ones that are behind bars. It's a surfman. Now wait till you're this story. As activists encourage Latinos, see there we go again. Uh huh. There's a generalization now that's a great Schmier now Latinos in the cities across America to boycott by walking out of their jobs and not spending any money today. Terry Channel news talked KFI in LA after Nuneho's John and Ken. Our responding by asking listeners to do just the opposite to spend heavily as part of their day-long great-American Spend a lot promotion. So after in Spend a little drop, the talk to our asking listeners to factor email a copy of receipt for purchases made between Nuneho and 7pm today at a specific time. And we'll end those receipts into a twice hourly drawing for reimbursement of their expenses. How do you like that? All right. I'm KFI. Good play. Home temporarily of. Are you sure you're close personal former friend? Uh huh. 116 or 410 a full. I mean, yeah, like I said before, the country has not immigration policy for 30, 40 years now and all of a sudden there's like some rational or some fierce and same way to solve it. Of course not. Why not just come up with some weird laws that have some teeth in it and just say that these people well, you know, good luck to you. That's all. We'll just look the other way, but only because there's too many we can't do anything about it. If I don't hold much of Portuguese illegally, and here in Canada a few weeks ago, guess what they did with them. Deported them? Set it back to Portugal. Yeah. Oh, that's not the term plenty of illegally, and here. But these guys couldn't drive a can. 1164 votes on a pool to start spangled banner should be sung and they didn't like their heavier I guess. In English only, 693. Who gives a Schmidt 169 excellent choice? Rarely, it's a bad song, 156, and has a lousy beat. Can't dance to it, not at all. In any language, 128, in English or Spanish, Tracy, 13, and I hate this pool, Solomon Thichinquay. So, Tanto Chinquay. Five. Got it? Five vote. We're going to go over 1200. They're going to show. They're going to show. And you want to know why? Because these people are pissed off and fired up, baby. They've had it. They don't know what they've had it about. They know they're just pissed off. See, if they've already can people get this pissed off about things that they ought to be pissed off about, maybe we got something done. We got two stolen presidential elections back side by each. But nobody cares about that. And then they want to really go. I've showed like it's a big joke. Very funny, pal. Maybe you can get up there without president. Next year. Dominique Uwe M. Hello. There. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I do like the echo though. I'm getting used to that. Especially from the beginning of the show. No more crossovers. That's it. We're done with that. And that whole thing got so, it's just, you know, we got we had more important things to do with that hour. And I'm 56. I'm going to just wrap it up my parch. Easy game with that hour. And pound five, 60 and leave. Rise and sing it a rye of the slime. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Two for two. Let's try for triple. QAM. Can you get a message for the great one for me? Yeah, here it is. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm just going to give you an update. I'm on seven street lane by my pool and the horns are beeping on a street. Yeah. We're beeping it off. Oh, great. But it is. It's totally incredible. Well, let me ask you something. One of the people I asked me with all this got to do with them. Are they here illegally? I don't know. I guess they are on my fingers. 7, 3, b. Oh, I see. It's a specifically ideal for them. And they are beeping their heads off. Okay. Well, I just said that. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, don't fall in. Are they beeping their heads off? What? Or are they beeping their heads off? That's what I'm hearing. They're beeping it. No, no, Joyce. We didn't say beeping it. We said beeping it. You got all the poor Joyce. Bitch. WQAM. Hello. So why aren't you in here together anymore? No. WQAM. Hello. There's one out of me to port. It's sending back to Wisconsin. Every week he goes. He's going to port. QAM. One of the most amazing things to me in all of this with these illegal immigrants is the Herald, the甚ited of the New York. They call it the immigration problem. Right. You see even call it what it is. The illegal immigration. I've been saying that all along. It is not. This is not a rally day for immigrants. It's a rally day for illegal aliens. Right. I mean, I've left messages for that little, uh, uh, Tom Feadler. And a few others. And I said, look, if you're not even, I mean, the Kyocho people are the Hint you like poison at the Herald. If you murdered Castro and nightline, they still hate you. Stop pandering to them. I mean, it's illegal immigration. I'm all for regular immigration. But this is, and what, let me say, if you think of the Sentin Focusing, the Mexican National Anthem of the View Changes and an English. Yeah, they're looking at real big. Okay, pal. And we got it. It's really past boring is what it is. Really ponderous. We already got one. Yeah. How many of you are in the book? I made a new Mexican National Anthem for it. Yeah. How do I get mad? Well, we're the same day. I get that South Park episode with Oprah. I could download it right now, actually. Downloaded one. The book is ramping on it. Don't do that because it's for us all the excitement. It's only Monday. We got to save something for mid week, you know, for the midwife in midweek. 1172 most man were like on the verge of greatness with 1200. It's picking up the great one. Delate, Delate, great one. WCWM, hello. Hey, you deal. Yes, sir. What about the Mexican dude, everyone there laying off? How big are you, pardon? What do they do when they laying off today? What do they mean? I don't understand. They're like a joke. You're not getting it. They don't work anyway. Oh, oh, oh. That's why I didn't get it. You could always save that up to last later, if you want it. Yeah. I'll save up to life for about your old. I'm a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Very funny. WCWM, hello. It's a Monday, T.A. Two and I said before about people who have things there are funny, but it's not. Well, he heard you talking about that. There he is. WCWM, hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I think it came out with, uh. Was it perfect for Lerton for this follow? I beg your pardon? Yeah, I sound for president. But what was this woman saying? What language you asked out of him? What do you think about that? What do I think about what? I'm sorry. Sorry for president. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Sorry. I'm not a child. So no child or from president or child. So he would be a child. Anybody with a CH. Che Guevara. Anybody with a D.O.C.H. Pucci Cucci. What about what's his name? Pugger Rodriguez. That's right. His ass shrunk. I, and listen, what about the Marlins that we got tomorrow in Thulligame? Did I throw the Marlins have some Julios on their team? I would imagine I have no idea who they are, but Miguel Cabrera, for example. There you go. Yeah. Made a bigger and the game the other day. What about Miguel Cabrera? Is he going to be participating in the law? I guess not. Maybe he'll be protesting. I guess anybody is making like 67 figures probably isn't going to be protesting about whatever is going on. In addition, which we sure can't afford to depart the port. Miguel Cabrera. No, we cannot. Because since we only got two people on the team that anybody ever heard of before. Ever will hear of again. We sure can't be afford to do that. Are we just won't get no stadium David? And that's bad. And if we don't get no new stadium, then what I'm going to do? I think you're ass. That's right. We're lightning-quist speeds, latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet, leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months, with an always on connection speed of six megabytes. Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL15. And up to 100 times faster than dial-up. With the adopting music watching streaming video playing online games, we're just surfing your favorite size. Comcast reliable fast connection means you're going to be flying through the Internet. Plus, when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody Radio Plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you also get macrophysicure details including signature that you're in other experiences always safe and secure. So what you'll be waiting for, start doing more faster than ever before, sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months, and you wonder how you managed to get along without it. In dayd call 305 Comcast or in Broward, 9.54 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. At my junior, honey. This is an ABC news special report. I'll tie this leader in Iraq. I'll move the sub of the colleague if you're in a rare video released today on the Internet. I'm here to move the music. You celebrate what the competition is all about, and you've moved me from the beginning. But you've heard this chance of involved performance. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's right. That's right. That decision announced by when House spokesmen's comical on father congressional upper over security fears that scald another Dubai state of companies plan to acquire operations at major US ports. The un-regions seat committee on foreign investments in the US and its component of recommendation that the Dubai take over gone cash into Bush April 13. Bush's decision following goes on and on. So where goes? The Bush's and the Bin Laden's, baby. The Bush's. And what's his name, Bandar Bush, all of them Saudi rag here. That's what it's all about. All about oil. What are I to do is the minute they win in your OIL and M.O. any wine? People said, what is that flag, Noah? And I took it that? Yeah, you did. And the growing international crisis over ran significantly a program, could trigger a catastrophic world price spike, sending crude prices over $100 a barrel. Oh my God. Can you watch the endless ceremony? With prices already around 72 bucks a barrel. Such an increase could mean driver's facing prices of, oh, see, and then this is a British thing. It's rather than what they like means. According to the Petrol retailers Association. Last week, Lord Brown, Chief Executive of BP, one that prices could rise to a pound. As you unveiled, bumper, that's a pound of leader. Well, that's a pound of leader would be about four pounds and a pound is almost two bucks. So you know what that translates to, a gallon? Eight bucks. Yeah, there you go. So if you think it's bad to three bucks or three, a little over three, how you're going to like it with eight bucks? You're going to see 16 times eight is on reneed. I'm sorry, 120 ain't that right? I'll take your word for it. I'm so good at it. Yeah, 128. I'm so good at it. I'm so good at it. I'm so good at it. Well, thanks a lot, Mr. President. A single political shock could be enough to send oil markets into panic, said Adam Semensky, senior energy economist at Deutsche Bank in New York. If we have one more big problem, we're going to have triple digital oil prices. He points to confrontation with Iran, a worsening of the situation in Iraq, or recurrence of devastating hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, as potential catalysts for a major rise. And he also said, the Obama so stocks in the hell, whatever you might find out. How do you like that, huh? He said, what do you think of those Saudis? And this guy said, the hubm in Dread. 560560, pound 560, the horizon singular, wireless line. We got 1199 on there. The 1200 vote today gets a big prize. Okay, do you believe it? I believe it. No, 1201, see it, but it halft over. See, a little hop over. Went from, 1199 to 1201. Whoever was in the red 1200, we apologize. We were going to like freeze it right there and check out who was and bring you like a million dollars cash and small bills to your house. But to wait, how many QAM hello? QAM, deadline one man, market down a little bit of a problem. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo, we man, it is good. It is really good to be working in this place. 560560, pound 560, the horizon and singular, wireless line. It's Vanjo-Bloig Group Inc, baby. And maybe you're a great, greatest invention of all time. VBTI, Vanjo-Bloig Group Incorporate. Where are you? I beat me again. This is reaching for it. I'm not making it. I'm not making it. I'm just trying to get rid of the strumming. WQAM. I love you, Neil. Yeah? Okay, good call. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. He caught me off court. I've been sitting on the phone. Wow, come later on when you got something to say. WQAM, hello. Oh, there's someone out of guitar. Is it right? He caught me. How many of you are in the MLO? Yeah, WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, you have me, my name. Thank you. I've been in my trap all day. Did you see the thing I think was in the box and we're over something about how bush sign like 750 laws and all those laws. You've done our website. It's old news, yeah. No, I didn't sign 750, brok 750 laws. Get it right, smuck. He broke 750 laws. It's right on our website. Even Josh, remember that story, right? Yeah, remember that one? God. What is wrong with you people anyway? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's you, Murray. The friggin about these stars may all banner. That's an national anthem. And you know, something that transcends all languages. That's right. Even Sanskrit. It all comes out the same. That's it. That's the American National anthem. Right. But it would be good to boot put about. That's it. Work on it. Practice it. Sing it loudly. WDQAM Hello. Hey, sir. Hey, is this the dolphin and a throw draft post came true? No, it's not. That's coming up at two. Hey, um, are you clear? Jesus. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Hey, no. You're not a liar. WDQAM Hello. Hey, no. You're not a liar. WDQAM Hello. Hey, no. You're not doing a little stuff anyway. Think about the big companies are having this fun operation from India. Right. That's a great call outsourcing is a nice name for it. It means what they're doing is taking your jobs and they give them to a lot of the companies. At least these people, we get some some money to buy some of our products in their industry. Yeah. I mean, if the people and his own accounts, they don't find it. So in other words, you're saying we shouldn't have an immigration policy, which is anybody gets here. We should just give them an understanding of a workers program for anybody. It can crawl into the borders you idiot. Jesus, God, there. There, there. There, there for, in other words, as long as we're outsourcing as long as that's bad and take it away, we're a conjunct. Let's just let all these slippers come in here and by the way, make a whole bunch of babies because keep the Pope happy. That's another thing that nobody even factors in. You know, all these illegal aliens who come from Latin America with their 17 children, and each one of them is going to have another 15, 20 children, because the Pope, you know, the Pope keeps telling them about it. But it will make a lot of Catholic babies, baby. You know about that. That's why that's why that listen, what do you why do you think that happened? He's you think he's gonna sit back and let you have go through life with one kid. He's not gonna permit that I didn't meet my quote as the fall of that you didn't come close He's he was starting to think he were like Chinese or something like that so we put a different slide on your life But look man he wanted me Oh You You Believe you I always Memories Love you Day, it's a baby, a baby And darling, just gently and my gosh It's a baby, and my mom will hit And it's a baby, and it's a baby Just hold her head, and watch it It's a baby, and my hands just run And travel all the lines, and that's why I cry Don't tell me mommy, what am I doing? See what I mean about people reproducing overproduced their classic example right there She's pregnant again good old-britning Maybe she can drop both of them at the same time It's all over for her 560 right that's a dead meat 118 votes on a pull we tapped that 1200 easy man, easy They're sure complishing a lot would is so immigrant thing They aren't they? And then we pulled the... You know, that's a good way to do it See how productive we are and how a lot of great Americans we are and Yadiyadiyadiyadiy And we're going to bring the economy to a halt We're going to screw up the traffic and really piss you all off I mean I haven't had it this one yet except that like the guy said The traffic was kind of light today And they're good Try to get them tomorrow Wait a few people hanging out of pickup trucks today 560, but it's business really slow with those cock fights in Hailea Pondyte I was 60 and they've arrived in the singular wireless line WQAM Hello 2AM Oh, is that a nice sound? Nice clean Sound of death WQAM Hello Hey Niel, how are you doing? Okay sir I weren't something important to say about my business Those guys didn't say two guys natural up to work today And I think I can run it by myself I may not need them There you go, excellent Why weren't something kind of important today Look how much you're going to save man There you go You're going to have to answer Send half to us, thank you There you go, maybe some of these people will show up on out to how Unneeded they are Think that's possible? Oh, sorry, it was yummy Anybody at QAM not show up? Everybody in this quarter in the building Everybody at QAM showed up today None of our people out there marching They're playing golf for screwing off Trying to like, you know, the big O not only was he on this morning But then again later on right before our show That's right I'm tap of course but nevertheless That's just his anti his perfect Who's the double duty? He was the one to double duty I think I heard you do that Five six seven four five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon Sing it or wireless line It's a big day for the Irish baby The whole thing is just so stupid It's just pathetic It's just tragic and I'm looking at these people And they got their American flags and a lot of Mexican flags And then they all got these pre-made cardboard signs They're holding up and they're waving to the cameras And posturing the cameras and yada yada Oh look at that there's Luis Alberto Diario Offer the devil's highway Luis Alberto and the devil's highway And that's exactly what it is man They got those tunnels I still say man Can't they just close them tunnels up? They make sense to you Shared those They keep digging more You know they're hard workers Yeah It's hard work Come into Q.A.M. Hello Can't reach the camera Hey there Yes sir Shouldn't rush for the block You have jail right now Yes but again then the guy to call before That was all been out of shape about Duke That's a guy he should have been talking about Rich white guys like Lardass Limbo Okay rich pill pop and Do do do do do do Great guys Like Lardass Should be in jail But he got a tap on a wrist and no surprise Do you really expect him is going to do jail time or anything? No Of course not WQA.M. Hello Yes sir Unfortunately They don't tell you through the organizers Are more of these people The left wings The communist You know it's amazing Some subdued black tatters are behind their suit They used to use what is that all about The new black panthers What does that What that's an option Don't be a member of the y'all Black cats No, no, no, no, no The original one What the hell's the need for that To start the We already got Jesse Jackson What do we need them for? Steer of all is a racial craft The new black panthers in North Carolina Because of what allegedly happened to Duke The alleged rape from his broadest credibility And a scale of zero is minus infinity And right away Let's turn into a big racial thing You know Let's go out and attack some lacrosse players What do you say? That's a plan There you go It's rape them There or just take them out to the nursery They'll just be hanging for a while 1224 votes That's pretty damn impressive Yes me National Anthem and it's a piece of crap It's a bad song Even Francis Scott Key and what kind of name is that like Francis So for Francis over here The star spangled banner should be sung In English only Spigiting lay Spigiting lay 722 Who gives a Schmidt 186 Rarely It's a bad song Is a little as possible 162 And quit that invocation at the ball games To with the dolphin games you idiots And I fell with their immigrant What are immigration With their invocation How about an immigration invocation Only illegal illegals can sing it In any language 236 it sounds the same English or Spanish still 13 Tracy had moved in the long time now Remember Tracy? Who? And I hate this pool of five Tracy Curricidor Oh yeah Kind of a name was that by the way Curricidor That's not a little bit like one of your people The Italian Oh no He was a fan you Oh a fan you're a fan you're a fan He made a bit of a defect He did and he played high line He had a pilot Edassista Wow You would say Incested is best That's what they say at the pilot place What you're says to the test Right When you're well I don't want to get Joyce all that out of shape now See almost learned me in the night I read that on the old Hershey highway It was bad So easy now I kept my honor I restrained myself That's right W-w-w-w-m Hello Edass, Q-m Yes sir, Q-a-m Edass is really close Who's on an aganic comment to make About the demonstration And what is that? What do you like to say? I like to say We are too to become an a land of the hemp for deals When we have to demonstrate our own history To support law breakers They're excellent Very well put sir in Fidel And now with Fidel too Why do you write it? I don't think it's any coincidence I think this guy before would Is coming east to come an east to add a good point I think the commies are coming back Don't you? I'll find one under every rock Especially in Hylia Steve factus and says I just got back from lunch at my local deli All the immigrants were in the kitchen working away Well, excellent Actually some immigrants are super difficult Because they keep confusing immigrants Or legally, aliens Okay, who did mole? For immigration, okay One delivery my lunch didn't table On my way there I passed What is it? I think he said passed I pasted some other immigrants Moined lawns and building houses I believe he means passed He says pasted He pasted them I would imagine the immigrants who are protesting He was just looking for another reason they have a day off I think that's it I support an American deli The name life will go on with immigrants who are working not I think of the illegal immigrants When spent as much time trying to become legal You are citizens of their protesting They might not be out of a day's work And what about the companies that are Yeah, that's a good point If these people are working for such Starvation wages, how can they afford to be taken off today? We sure as well can be afforded to take an off They even go play golf On a lichord No way Jose Even when his new contract Josh Cortis still showed up So shouldn't they be held accountable In some way what a wacky country This is become a safe Steve And Steve you are That's the worst You're finger right on it And it's Steve Keep twisted away Twist in the light away Who did that? Twist in the light away Who did that? Same cook Am I right? I'm talking about that You're not going to have that That's got to be a 50 song in it Or maybe early 60's I'm going to look it up Oh That's not like Sam Cook to make It is It is It is It's 62 What a man we've had We Sam Oh you don't seem to worry about Shot the motel or something We've got it Okay, that's enough of Sam Cook You don't know that Do I know Bobby Derenow And he sure as hell wasn't no deon I can't have no psychic hotline This is a meal Roger is like what? What is all it is? 5, 16, 2, 3 What are you going to eat, bro? The guys We want the world for me and yours We've got your friends For me and you Who will it have so fast Let me and don't become a zoo That's a good country Or if you're leaving And watch your car Try to do what the immigration is So they're more of a man And they're not stopping their girls I'm the way They seem to want all the jobs we want All the kids made us into the dollar Or two We just walked out the endless In the middle of the road And we're going to get a baby And we're going to get a baby Call me over to the door If you won't be seen or And when they've grown across They've directed your And they're calling me They're there We're going to do our job And all the men of the fun All they want to do is walk away And those dead boys are not And they're no stopping their girls They're not making any noise But they're for me and their kids That's why they've got to be And all the friends are Let us move in And we're going to get a baby We're going to get a baby And we're going to get a baby I'm going to leave For example, there's a good example for you Got some good news Yeah Common cause And on private government Walks dog group file the criminal complaint With the Department of Justice today Against representative Catherine Harris All right The group complaint legends that Harris was It led us to hear us broke the law when the contractor paid $2,800 for a fundraising dinner with Congresswoman Hill. And as you know, the Duke was recently sent to the years in prison. Not to mention those problems with the last past of 2010. I don't know, he really just goes with the territory. We got the guilty coming up next. That goes with the territory. We got mad dog at Ford. The Marlin game. Come on. Get out there. It's the Portland, John. She goes to the game tonight. No. Why? I can watch from TV, man. Please baby, you don't want to listen to Rich Walsk. And by the way, whoever's running to board today at least please. Yeah, we got three drops, man. Wait for a minute. Well, whatever. And let us at least play the illegal ID or. I think you're ass. Bye. Bye.