You see the final result? It's closed now. It's all going well. It's on the line. You can see the final result. Oh. So it'll be the QAM 10,543. The other guys, 3,012. We were a regular Mayor daily. That's correct. Oh, that's 7,531 votes. That's class. So you know why? And I can want to thank Joe Rose or whoever dropped off that email from your friend Alan Brown yesterday. Because it was so obvious. That's a rod. They were loading it up. Loading them thing up in the emailing and all whipped up to a frenzy. Let's crush your way. I forgot about that. And I looked back at your friend Greg Co. Texan. And here I went. He had written. And about he chatted you up. Remember the scooters go he wrote that. Yeah. He says it ain't a scientific pull. All right. It's just for fun. We have built in safeguards to discourage ballots stuffing. But if either stage wants to lobby for votes on air or do whatever they can, so be it. So that was like an invitation obviously for those guys to like do the VZ chain email. And so yeah, we did whatever we can. We rallied our troops and we got people out there and I whipped them up to a frenzy and not gonna undo ors and whatever. And also the usual race is too. Let's see. Mad dog beat Joe by 137 votes. You were third. LeBaster. Do you beat him by a long shot? And then least favorite, even be you by mile. Which you usually get that distinction. But he had 599. You had 448. It's said the kid had 235 pretty weak for guys who only been on air about 10 minutes. And the big oh rock solid only one oh eight. That's because he's how when people are still sleeping. But nevertheless. So we sure kicked their ass. Okay. We crushed the ticket. Yeah. Ripped it up. Thanks to you who are million little pieces. So you're going off to Vegas now, huh? Yes, I am. Well, I lose too much. I have to do a tell was and show the night. And then Sunday morning, I do the pick from Caesars. Great temptation to gamble there. On it. There is. Yeah. I'm like there too. And let me ask you is there a beast not going to leave you to Vegas. No, I don't take it all everywhere. I'm going to winter tonight. I've had enough of the beast fight. Well, our days in a fox. How do you want to win? Is that mean you're going to the strip clubs that you're going over to the gamble? Yes. Oh. Oh. Oh. I can just hear it now. We all of torture. I can hear it now. My fingers are going to hurt the morning. Now, Ben. But it was good. We had a good week of shows here. Beast did a great job when I appreciate it. Yeah. As opposed to some hosts who didn't appreciate him so much. They didn't know what they had. The beast is the beast is a diamond. You're starting again? No, no, no, no, no. You're starting up beast in the early. A new year's card. No. Oh, him. Yeah. I guess it can not be told to the world. And we don't have to have clearance coming in. Giving people dirty looks. So that cramps is across this route because somebody won't go to a toilet. Fire did it off a shot. I mean, I mean, guys, a coconut. There you go. All I can say is, quickly, quickly go. Yeah. Well, great job by you, Neil. Yeah, I think so. I'm glad that you recognize it because the rest of the station is still oblivious. They didn't even know there was a pool. You know? Yeah. I don't even know what's going on. Yeah, we don't line up. We don't line it. That's OK. By the way, I also want to get something done to yourself. I also want to thank Todd Keller for the updates this week, because he's the only guy who wasn't mentioned when Moa left the station. Yeah. And, um, Todd Keller, I'm, I'm, I'm a newsworthy. They were like, uh, if Crossroads right there at the end, man, they were like, uh, right there again, ready for the big dual. And they shoot out. Moast is really good. Because where was the love? Don't you remember that feeling day? Where is the love? Where is the love Todd? Let's remember that? Yeah. That was one of his psychotic episodes. I don't think there was even a jannitor. I think he probably had some episode with, yeah, talking about coconuts. At least he was consistent. I'll say that for the Moa mic, sir. Everybody hated him. I'm sorry I got you started. No, you know, there's, don't be sorry. It just happens to be true. I may just the way it goes. You know, the guy made his own bed, and anybody that doesn't want to understand that. He's just a hard ass, you know. We invited him into our family with open arms and legs, and he turned around and just started with against the knives, man, stabbing everywhere he could. Finally, Defone, nobody wants you. I'm sorry, go ahead. Oh, well, listen, have a great day, stay flight. Hey, you have a good day, and if you want to be up in early, I'll be at him again. We'll, oh, tour, I mean, they got all these other games that could probably probably that money, Carlo, spin to win, and all this other stuff. The beast could tell you, man, it's a dicting. I think we should file a client action lawsuit. I mean, we're a riffin. Okay. Pat and Vanna. He's got plenty of money. That that spin symbol is a dicting. You look at it's like hypnotizing you. Am I right? Yeah, you're a dynastine until I get a spin. And leave them not seen, and even if you win, and you want to put in a few of your, you play your credit sound. I'm going to put another 20, another 40, until I get another spin. And then it's been, of course, like 25. Okay. Baxter's. That's Pat and Vanna for. By the way, congratulations. They both just turned 95. But you know, they're almost as old as I've been. I don't know for about 40 years. Listen to me, they're almost as old as we are. She's 57. He's 59. But wouldn't you like to have that kind of talent that she, though? Yes, I like to have his talent in his money. Okay. Yeah. Well, you're not doing so bad. I'm doing fine. I'm no complaints. By the way, uh, I want to thank, uh, shy, co-op, too. Maybe they're working very hard this week. We had a good week, because shows. Well, thank God. I should. Yeah, we needed them. And you guys needed to counterbalance everything else. We don't want to. We don't want to. Okay, we got a rise of vote. That's right. I did rise above. And I said, always, when the push comes this year, if yours truly, I, uh, I rallied up the troops. You saw the guys were just laying down. Wait for it. No, you know what, you know, I had, we had a last night. I had dinner with Rich D'Almple. It was a Dallas cowboy PR guy who used to work at Miami. And we told sunny her stories for about an hour. Mm-hmm. And just laugh and, you know, the sunning was really such a great person. So, yeah, really, you'll, a lot of laughs to be around. Yeah, a lot of, yeah, good you over. Yeah. Anyway, decide to throw that out there. Do you like sunny? Yeah, sunny. How worked with sunny long before you did? Yeah. That's right. It's sunny from the day I came to town and the K-8. Yeah. Yeah. Right. All right. We were a great day. This was an understudy. Thanks for your major contribution to the new time. Doing the new night. By the way, Joe still dead. I'm sorry to say, listen, have a great trip. And see you on Monday. Talk to you. I'll talk to you Wednesday. All right, like I said, I'll see you all on Monday. See you Wednesday. Okay. No lose too much. Bye. This is Red Duranimo or Ad Lanico's mortgage is the only mortgage company in South Florida, the same location since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch and ready to help serve you. If you want to free crews, don't call them. If you want it, terrain on a sunny day, don't call them. If you don't want the painting closing costs, don't call them. If you want to free. Be the restrictor. Call them. And Ad Lanico's mortgage in day. Call 305 944-0733. Or about a Palm Beach at 944-97807 or 8 Atlantic Post-Morage. If you miss the hammer's coverage of Super Bowl 40 and Detroit, you miss the stock and joint. Not a manhouse effect was a jerk to a teammates to fans. He's been a wise guy. A hungry set to us. He says get that. Why do you best? Give grandma a grand mother. Give to today's hottest music. With senior Bob. Oh god, grandma. Hey, dude, she's a good. Come spread the game. Let's see when the broke. Who's up? Senior Bob teaches the greatest hits sung by the greatest generation. I walk this empty strip. And in full for looking. If senior Bob covers all your favorite artists like Ben Whippers never M&M. Those tattooed Nancy Boyce, Blink 182. And those brazen young hussies, the pussy cat dolls. Don't you wish her late life life, touch life me. Don't you? Or don't you? A man of the 10th. There he is. Senior Bob is not available in stores at the band from the nursing home drive too. So cold now. Yes. The square of one. Three times. Three times. Three times. And Beverly. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I already heard those. What? Yeah, this sounds familiar. It's like two. Like instant replay. Let's go to the video team. Turn it up a little bit. Come out with me. Can't hear it. Hello. Yeah, hi. I want to find out the over under was and on. The cool. Yeah, what you need over and under. Okay, my foot up your ass and you out the window. That's the over and under. Good idea. Check it. Okay. A little more on. Hey, that tags ready with our pool today, doesn't it? Yeah. There's a four to three. I scored station. Our two supports are given a send information on the super ball. How could anybody care about anything else besides getting drunk? And just you're passing out on a floor. What's available? Is there? I don't know. I'm going to watch this. Super ball. I don't have any interest in either one of those two teams. How do you know what? Super ball. I'm a good person. I'll show you how. Well, I know he doesn't. But how do you know? Yeah. Watch the super ball. I'll probably watch it. But I just, I don't know. It all depends. Maybe I'll find something better to do. Like pick my nose or something else. There you go. Ha ha ha. Oh, oh. Maybe we crushed the other guys. And then we're going to crush QA. And I got news for Alan Brown. He did it with the wrong guy. Let me just say that right now. Okay. And thanks to whoever brought that Joe Rose's boyfriend, whoever brought that email in yesterday. Because that's what set me off. That's what made us determined that even without the help of somebody other wins, we got on this radio station. And we were going to kick their bloody ass as well as their. Okay. And like I said, that that fake facts from the chronic from Coco B to sent that garbage in yesterday who doesn't understand ratings at all. For them to be given us any kind of a lecture on ratings or such says or anything or listeners. And mostly over the history of their station, you got like, oh, cheers. They got two bogus months in there with a few wired diaries when it was like, you know, minimal return of diaries. And right away, oh, we're kicking their ass. Talk yourselves into it. Okay, Alan Brown. And Joel Feinberg. Talk yourselves into that big success. Even Joe Rose knows that that place blows. That's got kind of an ice ring to it. Don't know. Joe Rose knows that the other joint blows. And if worth for Greg Reed line, it was so much show of still be around. And by the way, guilty, I was in here the first couple minutes check it online, making sure we were kicking their ass. And I heard a couple minutes of guilty. Oh, Greg, we need to be telling like, I'm really going to be nice to see Greg here. No, it's not. Go, wait, Greg. Don't you hear the message, Greg, go away. Go away, man. Just go away. Go sit at home and read the funny papers or have somebody read him to you. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning to you. Where is this? Tell us about it at 47 and not the bother anymore. Okay, thanks. The over and under is 147 and don't bug us. You check as people's gambling on ball games where you've got to be some kind of a moron. Don't have to be a moron. Don't don't don't don't run. Don't come in. Somebody give, somebody QAM, hello. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. Go go on. Yes, sir. I just want to hear a lot of smoke. I thought, sorry, the people across the street were going to blaze there. Yeah, they're on camera. All right, they're fleeing. Okay, man. Can I get too special and question you? Because I got to up and up his neighbor. I want to crank my radio up and you can play that 30 bits like me or like around 12. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe the other one was the, uh, forget the one with a guy. Okay, forgets the one. I, okay. I'll probably forget that too, by about 12. That's a long ways away from old man like me. Five, I want to take 40 million calls today because I feel you forward. Like, you know, we came through. Don't, yeah, I've learned my lesson for sure this time. Don't look around to the other folks on this station. Like, you know, compete, you know, go out there and like, do get out, put our best feet forward or our best toe forward. We don't want to. We don't want to. Fine. Okay. I can handle it. We got this gigantic oozing audience, most of which is a non sports nerd audience. We get to that. We got that poll today and it's perfect for the Super Bowl we can do. That's what inspired me about it. Because I just want, because because I have nothing but revulsion for sports nerd, you know, big hockey fan, big Patriots fan other netting take all of it in jam it, including baseball, but so it's not that, and of course it used to be a big baseball fan too. So it's not that I never been in this spectator's force, but I mean sports nerds, which we have way too many of those around the QM building. Hopefully that'll be one thing Joe Bell will do is he'll like bring in a some kind of a, you know, those things where you go panning for goal, where they call those things. No, you know what I mean, they're called pans and you use them. No, not pans. I'm talking about we're not, not any other. So that, no, not that either way you go on the beach and you'd mentally take those magic ones. They are metal detector. Yes. Right. That's what we need. Bring in that one to detect the sports nerds. The OJ sentinel, the concern are building up. Yeah. Oh, you're laughing. You know what's true. You don't want talking about the people that got OJ posters up on the wall. Oh, okay. So great. Can I please sniff your jacks, trafo Jane? Can I sniff your old, my Bruno Molly shoes? Those are the issues. You don't even metal detector to find them in the building. You just wait for people to show up. Oh, I mean, like Gary Sarner. Tell me to QM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Are you doing that, buddy? Yeah, you're right on the head. The Super Bowl is boring. Yeah, usually is. What's it, a lot of the group? A couple of years ago was going to have a game, but nobody watched it because they're all with them about the genogax and their groupies. What? Stop, stop. How big is it on the head? How big is it? That? An offer ready. And you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm closing here. Somebody QM. The QA, I know. Hey, Neil, how you doing? All right. I want to get started. Let's wait and do this.com. I'm sure the last night and there's this show called the Outdoor Smyth. Have you heard of it? No. But you guys go out with the words, drinking and then do all these different concepts. And as they're picking their teams, I'm saying they want this for my wife. As they pick the teams, they guys start hoping each other. And then they've got excited. They got juts, they're going to run, they're not going to run. They thought they'd go to the tent. I wasn't looking for me. It says, if they take, probably more on. That's where it's going to be. That's where it's going to be. So it's going to be for you. More on. Excellent. Check it out. I sat there with my jaw. I couldn't breathe like these guys. Watch this and then I'm going to ask you so. Did you see if you guys actually do it? Those guys who shower a lot back at home believe me together. They shower a lot together. Yeah, it's nothing worse than a guy who never takes a shower. Especially the people who put a woodbind in and smell them. But people are shower together. Guys, there's something really to get about that. And those are generally the sports nerds. Yeah. Because Al was right about that before they put him in records, Island and destroyed his life. Pretty sad. 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM, we got Curtis Stevenson at 2. Eddie K. For the man dog from the dentist center at 4 o'clock and anticipation of nice, uh, Trashing. Pants and people with seven. The pants is against the Atlanta trash. It's at 730, the Atlanta's hotman or at fire. They are good. They're kicking ass. And then after the hockey game, it's loading our ters and the Troy. After the game. Are you ready for that? Nope. And of course, we got all the big, super bowl of festivities this weekend, which, uh, uh, uh, uh, man. Six o'clock. Look at the Sunday schedule. Six p.m. to 5 a.m. The sporting news radio. Because the super bowl's on. So basically, we give up. We surrender. So as opposed to putting alternative programming on, because we don't have any. So we're going to go on from six o'clock in the evening till 5 in the morning on Sunday. And just put the crap on, because we know we'll have a, Oh, sure. It'll be, you know, it'll be about the time we get right down there with those other guys and have a zero share. Prel, oh, scooter. Let me tell you how I said to be in January. 2007, but that's a long ways away. And of course, your load is after the, congressional elections this fall, just conveniently. See that. Yep. And when you're shopping for shoes, you know, there you go. Good. I like the blue gold fishing inside the shower store. The fish I, and I go fishing. And slacker off the wall. I say, I go the silver, I do it in that friday. But I must do small life, I need to go the way. Oh, I think you don't believe me. When it comes down the world's got that way, I like the golden shower. And it's where it's right. And it's where it's right. If you take it and go the shower. I like the golden shower. I do the regular daily before I start to stroke. I wish all for we we with a pair of new clothes. No, no, no, no. Let's see if we can be so wet and warm. I'll be leaving you so straight through. When I've been for so long, you wanted to grab the diamond stud. When they throw shower, start to break. I like the golden shower. And it's where it's right. I like the silver. I like the silver. You, the 10 17 at 5 60 WQA and happy Friday February the third. Well, I'll say that for a minute. Alan Brown and they final result. They closed it down. I guess they finally conceded. Didn't you see like the or women are wiped flagged on the street? That was a little bit of a way. Yes, they were waving a white flag. So very jackass this morning says, and I forgot to mention this with a hump. I had to work out of there because he had to have plenty of cash to Vegas to go plung his bets out. Very jackass in the middle of the month. Jim started. He has nothing to say this one. Three pages of nothing on the internet. WQA and considering how to replace two to four p.m. How we've dated it. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do Yes, they asked Jim managed about his interest in working to the six p.m. Instead of four to seven. Don't know law for was made. I would consider anything, but I'm very happy with the job I have. And I have managed. I listed it that week. We'll keep talking. I'm not convinced there. Number one preference or minor one preference. What do you know what that means? No. Well, I wouldn't be the number one preference. Of course it is. Somebody better convince him a little more sternly. I'm saying drama clear more Howard David said yes. And he hasn't decided on his next career move. He hasn't decided on his next movement. But when he decides to let it go, you'll smell it. So there you go. I'm going to go do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do forget do do ah do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do 12 do do do do and 14 do am t is out on brown kick your ass parecultom 2020 Courtney love 2013 berいます one ninety three the cue inch sports staff we eleven 27 we got that started all it's just give us the check money being model to sell to government it's the bottom, not for sport department really packed money divided We don't let it well, that's not right. We don't want it implies that they know what they don't want in the first place Well, no, it's an open end to deal. They're doing open end Rectom like no matter what it is, they don't want it There's no way we took up the acudal form whatever acudal is Q and sports staff 127 Matt Fudge. He's got 93 Talk about no respect. How do you look in a mirror when you shave it every morning Matt Self-hating queen Ryan Jeremy 17 team. By the way, Tom Cruise is still in the closet with John to Volta and with what's his name? No, not no, not no. Charlie. No, he was our Kelly. Rameswood. No, yeah That was great And then I watched the one with the virgin Mary bleeding out of her arms Ryan Jeremy said my favorite was when the Pope walked up there with the dark rings around his eyes Yeah, that was a beautiful quote Ryan Jeremy 73 jack. Abraham, 57. Jose con Succo 45 and Ilyata Rosanna still Kavelle from oh Jose this book was so bad, but you're a nice Cuban boy and so will look the other way Yeah Robert down in junior 29 Alan T Brown 21. Vatiel and how do you like that? Alan Brown from Downtown from Red across the street. Right off the block and down the road where a lot of boons hangs it out That is a panic Okay, here's today's poll and it can it's an anticipation of the Super Bowl which we're gonna be hearing the over's and under's and your predictions of whatever else not I don't care whatever you like Whatever you like started that we can kind of a Actually two that we had a great time because that's when we started to get an into this poll thing, you know for fun and a little diversion And I see if we were working on a real radio station where people really had that kind of like gunhost spirit that competitive Other than Miguel did anybody come in there And you notice the beast was totally in trucking about I give the final results there with Hank See they congratulated us on doing a big job there, but you would think that the rest of the radio station would come in and said man What a job you that that's incredible what a joke. You know I I told you and you thought I was kidding You told me what that no one else is still aware that there was any pool there was is was ever anything Or back or that you're on the person like an open self and I'm Gilbert's grave. It's the game baby Okay, well, there's the pool how much of a sports nerd are you five 88 and you people and now for example It's just I'm a fan out of nerd one 91 we don't believe it You like that we don't believe you I mean I'm not saying that everybody who's a sports fan like me for example or Josh is a and this sports nerd But I think a lot of you are in denial right like all these silly these embarrassing people Oh my yeah, this one talks about that and this one's got all right guests on and they all please give me a break Like like I told you because you got all these 24 seven like ESPN one two and a three and All the other craft to fill up so now every time somebody plays a game of any good They play like Bachi ball even those kids that were doing that backyard wrestling thing Yeah, they have a press conference when they're done so they can show their injuries and well I'm gonna be I'm gonna be out for a couple days, but I'll be back next Monday and yeah Oh, yeah, right dumb dumb Josh sitting in front of microphones and of course we got a lot of a lot of that on this station dumb Jax sitting in front of microphones and about and of course across the street How much of a sports nerd are you on the fan not an herd 1951 we got 588 I think we got a shot of a thousand No, they don't you? Yo you got a shot. It's not it's not a given side of them deal And this audience may be exhausted from all the work we've had him do this week Thanks by the way, everybody who hoaded four 500 times. Thank you I have some interest, but not big time 180. I bet that would be indicate to me like a normal person I think I voted for that. I hate everybody 53 I just need it in there. No, he would do pretty well in South Florida Yeah, because we also got I hate this pool, but I hate everybody even did better. I hate everybody 53 I think I hurt myself. I hate this pool 31 I'm a total sports nerd 31. At least they're honest. I hate spectators sports But third man. I love to shower with the guys 24. I think I know everyone of them I have no interest 18 that was George's is a well he just don't he's not interested Okay, not the luck. No, even if you do with me Sunday night. He didn't even know there It's like the rest of our station with that pool. You're the same way. You don't even know there's a game Sunday night That's right. It's like they are with everything else in the world. Who's playing in the Super Bowl George? Come on. I don't know Come on. I'm telling you. I don't know. Think about it. No You can only only for gambling purposes 15 that my hand must have voted for that is there anything else besides sports 10 and I'm a Jackson For seven. Oh come on. It was all came from inside our building Didn't they I meant to water not see voter for that. Oh now eight. She just voted again 601 Yeah, we'll get to a thousand a. Okay. Let me just I don't want to like your online as we wasted a lot of time this week It was a lot of fun. It was aggravating your times because the rest of our crew They didn't want that and that's okay That's all right. Talk to anything a little bit different. I might you know it's very off your routine That's why I've crashed me up these people all while I need a Rogers are so old and stale And he's been doing the same sorry act for a hundred year. Yeah, right You want no one exciting baby you want somebody it's right in the trenches there kicking some big bloody ass This is where you'll find it as opposed to and Yeah, same old jazz man just like lies in the vanilla said jazz man same old jazz man jazz McCay hey buddy What do you used to say? No, I didn't say pali This cousin was big and fat don't throw them in it. Hi, how are you? In that category with that swivel that walking swill head So anyway yesterday morning for anybody who was out of town or sleeping or you know whatever you're doing maybe found a life yesterday So Joe Rose or somebody across the street dropped off a copy of an email From Alan Brown the vice president communications to make a long story short It was an email that everybody who's ever worked over there at 790 the janitor. He's a girlfriend his wife Anybody who like ever went to elementary school and graduated or not and it's just got eight million names on here From Zack Kranston Jonathan Zazlo and Mark Huckman and Kevin Rogers and Huckman is Ken Shrinik and Kurt Murphy and Jeremy Peltson Stugots John weiner all these people And Alan Brown's message to these people as he started his Daisy chain It's dated Tuesday at 123 p.m. This is after I put our station out to an 800 vote lead very comfortably We were crushing them Because we got our people of vote. That's all Which wasn't their idea of Greg Coax who's in bed with him over there the whole Harold is in bed with him. In fact everybody It works there must take the Harold a bed at night You realize that I did not know also ended the throne room. They have to wipe their echo with the sports page from the Harold Anyway, Alan Brown says Greg Coax is doing a web pull on radio wars and saw radio wars Sounds like Joey Reynolds all over again He is looking for your favorite at least favorite host. Please vote and let's crush the QAM here's the link and there's the link Side Alan T Brown vice president communications sports box 790 the ticket with his full number is email He's shoe size his size everything on So after the break I'll give you the final formulation and let me see it again great coat takes said It's just for fun. It's not scientific He says we have built in safeguards to the scourge ballot stuffing, but if either station wants to lobby for votes on air or do whatever they can So be it and I noticed that it's closed The door is closed the pull is closed the door so even the goofball comment lines are closed So I'd be like that And we kicked our gigantic and there ought to be a line of people at the door right now Saying thank you guys for making it with school and classes we look like the cons of people Don't know when when you agree No comment let's get an objective comment from Josh court is there when you agree that they ought to be kissing our answer We are single-handedly did this yeah, they should they they should and Like George said they didn't even know what that we're talking about They don't have a clue and then was my name other than the comment line and like about 4, 95% of those comments because it was just a teen contest My name was leaving on the poll the Neo Roger show was purposely not mentioned under the guys that well Not a sports show okay, whatever And still we took we grabbed the cus we picked up the ball and we we ran with it And those guys around the rest of the building man, but I mean better but they're too worried about whether clearance can get through today without an emotional breakdown Yeah, who's gonna empty his bag Do Is Isn't ever Are There they're The Song It's an Israeli He's got a something that is pointed at thin Isn'tsecurity Is附 Everything Is Both All It's And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? If you should set up my life and so on, If you set up with these episodes cut, It's end to the end, I might get shot. And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? Who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? And who do you think that's all? and who that's all? And who do you think that's all? That's fair. It sounds kind of like what we did to the other guys in his pool. Yeah. So here's the final numbers. Okay. Your favorite sports talk host. Jim Man is 589. Joe Rose 462. The Humper 317 and coming in holding up the rear residual dandelobastered only 226. That is embarrassing. Am I right? Absolutely. At least favorite. Even more embarrassing. Dandelobastered 599. How do you like that? The Humper 448. Send the kid. Rosenstein, France, whatever his name is. Burger 235. And the big O who is rock saw any one away. Then the final let's have a relationship. Part that we counted. Okay. Your favorite station for a sports. WQA against 790 to take it. Okay. Which one do you like the best? QAM 10,543 votes. 790 to take it 3,012. A very tight race. Right out of the end. And then it got to be so embarrassing that they finally shut the whole thing down. A difference of 7,531 votes. Pretty tight, huh? Yeah. Even even the bush people couldn't fix that election. So there you go, Alan Brown. I'm delighted that you inspired us to give back in this in spite of the, I don't want a guy's on our station or a bunch of whips. It's okay. Now the clearance commander would say, well, that's really fantastic. Did Joe Bell term money and then saying, boy, you guys really kicked your ass in the congratulations on a fabulous job. Leave it to you guys. Sorry, it was a good memory. Come on. Anybody coming here and like even recognize the audiences fantastic efforts here? Make out no. As you mentioned earlier. No. See, this is why we get depressed. Now why do you allow me to do that? Why do you get depressed? Why do I expect that? Why do I expect that? Why do I expect that? I don't know. I mean, at least Miguel was aware and that's because Miguel listens to the radio. Yeah. W to Q a M, hello, and owns one. Q a M, hello. Q a M. We hear your breathing. We heard Garcon. Yeah. W to Q a M, that was Alan Brown. Q a M, hello. Yeah, we all know who. Okay. It is boxing. I guess boxing is a sport. That's the only thing I watch. Yeah. What about just a wooden sport watcher? Kind of lame. I'm really a part-time fan. That was your experience. You can see there goes your hand with that. Okay. Well, this guy likes boxing guys. Yeah, George who asked you? Yeah, who asked your super-nast. I want you to alter the fighting challenge. What is it? Yeah, with a kill each other. Yeah. Okay. That's the oyster. All right. That is a possibility of a pull who I'm around it out. Uh, I'm only into one sport. Yeah. Could be. Watch or alter the fighting challenge. That's not really a sport. It's just a brawl. Will you listen to me? Let's just add that on there. All right. I'm going to use it for one sport nerd or one sport. Whatever. And then, no, that's legitimate. Sure. Like this guy is only into boxing. Some people only like, uh, but I only watch way. Some people are like, only into like, uh, rastling, uh, whatever. Might be back at our rastling. Yeah. Choose carefully. Double to Q. A M. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Um, I just wanted to say that you normally say it's about a word, not a woman listen. Well, I'm a woman and I listen. Really? Yes. So let's forward get up. Okay. They'll come and drag your answer away. Thanks, we are. Thank you. Bye. Right. Why do you like that? There's a lady. We got a lady. Or something, man. Now, I'm sure that they're lined up with dirt. They're waving it to say, yeah, and I thumbs up. Right. Great job, guys. 10,000, 543 to 3,000 and a newspaper is going to look like we are just just Schmerin' him guys. It's your little smear and Schmer. And no recognition. No party, no banner, no bloons, party favors, no nothing. You know, one of those, one of those things that, I don't even know if they still use those. So the things you're like a whistle, you're blowing it in that little thing goes, uh, spin them up in the air. Sure. I don't know. What they call it? I don't know. Party whistle, things. Yeah. Party whistle. We blow it all. Like stands up on end. Yeah. Uh-huh. Always makeers, no man. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? But not that. They still don't know that a pole took place somewhere. Oh, come on. Don't you think on air? No, just orange is orange. Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? No, just orange is orange. Or you think on air? Or you think on air? Or you think on air? No, just orange is orange. I see. Come in to QAIM. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. The more mysters, new underbatter, are no one of basket weaving classes really good. I think you should. Okay, good. Just go to task. If this guy's looking for a basket, there's no question about that. WDQAIM, hello. Yes, good morning. I'd like to get on your pole today. Yes? Um, this is how anything to do with movie theaters and just a putting your little guy. Yeah, yeah. There we go with him again. Disciplining your little guy. How about discipline in your eyes? How's that? Pathetic. Yeah, this guy's still there though. That's good. After all this time, we're delighted that you're still listening. Movie theaters. Yeah. And let's get that on it. It's a favorite sport. WQAIM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. Neil, did you ever get the movie American Splendor? No. I recommend y'all. You haven't seen it yet, huh? No. It's a great, old-assplunded splur, the 10-winter story. Uh, great movie, Paul G. M. O. D. is great in it. I got another movie I wanted to recommend to you. Okay. Um, a face in the crowd? Didn't see it. With any Griffiths, it's about media. Andy Griffith? Oh, boy. Wait, wait, wait. It's very, uh, a pie. So today with the media and how a rude can rise to a position of power in the country. He's nothing like, on you see in the TV show. He's like a real, read, he's a real mean. So be actually in every society, Reffin the George W. together. So could be the same guy on the TV show. But this was like, 19, six and a half hour and a wow. Pamela, uh, Neil, uh, what's your name? The nutrition field, the nutrition field. Okay. So it's great. You even see it. I know who it is. Great movie. I know my needles. It's a great movie. What was I call the face in the crowd? A face in the crowd and a crowd in the crowd. I think you love both of them. Thanks, Pat. Have a good weekend, Neil. You talk about it. We love that, uh, whatever was. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line. Alan Brown calling in there a couple calls back. Don't take it personal now, Alan. You understand that you're crushed. That your ego has been wounded. That you thought that we were just going to steam or a real bunch of whims in for the most part. You would have. But. W to Q a m. Hello. They joined. I'm very prone. It's a must thinking with you. Who are you? I'm sorry. I'm, I'm used to getting to, uh, figure George. We don't have any, I got it. We don't have any intermediaries in the show. So we don't go through that silly essay. Where you calling for it and what's your name and what's your shoe size? We don't go through that crap. Well, I was too little to the, uh, low rating base that's, uh, shaving. It's, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, there was another dispute over the air. Yeah. Uh, but this time, we'll reload you between the guests, uh, micro-assess, I don't know if you guys know who that is. But apparently, A rod. A rod micro-assess said, all of the time, yeah. And OJN came out with the question of, uh, asking, uh, A rod is, you know, does he get aggravated with you know, with the questions where he's not having anything sets up the field, things like that because you got holes, sporeshows, and then we'll play the game, etc. That, you know, criticize and then they'll play the game. So, when this came out with the point of the list, it's a sporeshort show. That's what we do. And, uh, OJN just kept talking and punching the game and talking over my yellow face. And he walked out right on the air. And everybody was on the air. Then went after him and changed and after him. Oh my god, we have to take a break. Yeah. Right. So that didn't even come back on the air. Oh, basically. Can't start a good news, pal. We're a lot of people keep walking out and who in the audience on that crap. That OJN McDuffie. You see a broad candle, and he's even long on the air. He makes Lady Martess sound like water crunk eye. But other than that, when I was mildly amusing, and of course your judge is in a coma now. Hmm? Six, six hundred and fifty seven votes. How much of a sporesh nerd are you? I'm a fan, not a nerd, two, fourteen. I have some interest, but not big time, two, one. I hate everybody. Fifty six as in Q. Fifty six. Have the party favors you, Ravie? I hate this poll 35 total nerd 35. I hate spectator sports 33. I love to share with the guys 26. I had no interest, 21. I know Lana. Only for gambling purposes 15 is there anything else other than sports? Ten, I'm sure that turns both of that. I'm a Jackson if or eight, and I only watch one sport, three. And I have a feeling we know which one that is. This is Neil Rogers. That's so. This is five, sixteen, two, eight, seven. Nine, uninsided behind the two handling the celebrity music biography profile story. He was the first British soldier killed in World War I. He was John Pard. Isn't it? This was a theme song to an 80s, Brad Thak movie. What's his about World War I? Uh, sorry. We did a quick internet search, and Wikipedia had a guy named John Pard down as the first British soldier killed in World War I. Great. Anyway, we used up the budget before we noticed the mistake. So we got you some an interview. The oldest living relative of John Pard. First British soldier killed in World War I. Hello, Sunny. Everything all right then. Oh god. Well, let's get on with it. Oh, I remember, young John Pard. Yeah. This song was a big hit from the St. Elmospire movie soundtrack. Did the even mention what it was like meeting Amelia Estinese and Roblo? Hey, cause in those days the bottle was rationed. Oh man. I imagine you had many stories about to mean more, how is she? Oh, no, that's a tale to tell. Really? Have you seen me teeth? I think I left them with a nice young lady. Fear of war. How does those you know? What is seen almost fire anyway? Why it's a phosphorescent glow produced during a thunderstorm when the air between the clouds and the ground becomes electrically charged. Everybody knows that you're busted. John Pard. After that one song, he did die in the pop charts. So I guess that's close enough. It's a big juicy shopping wed like a show business tonight. But inside the behind. 10.45 a QA and so anyway, this story did you see about the deputy shoots airman after 100 mile hours. Yeah, they were told as a real fun. 20 times. 20,000 sound rate. This is one of the worst stories I have ever seen in my life and they're showing the video table. Even World Camp believe it. Yeah, well the guy was a Julio, so he had a comment. Oh, I see. A video tape released two days shows with sheriff's deputy shooting an arm, air force policeman, who recently returned from Iraq. And so you appeared to obey it order to get up off the ground. Get up, get up, and he got up. Okay. KTLA TV broadcast. We've seen it 4,000 times in the last 24 hours. A 47 clip that said came from a chino resident who video tape sent an shoot in which followed 100 mile hour car chase, which by the way, he wasn't driving. Senior airman, Elio Carillon, 21 was listed in good condition. And Arrowhead regional medical center in Colton, he was shot three times. And the chance ribs and leg is father and our last or not, still paused to LKTLA. And that song shoot three times over that? Yep. Tony Orlando and Doug. State and federal investigators are reviewing the case. Carry on was a pastor named Corvette. The crash following a brief chase. And with your photographer, Jose Luis Valdez told the AP that he made the video after the car crashed in the wall in front of his home. KTLA air taped a video tape early Tuesday, then distributed later in the day. The dark rainy picture shows carry on lying on the ground next to the car. Talking was still a way to the office who was pointing gun at him. You know what kind of luggage he brings with him when he travels by the way? Samson, carry on. Carry on supports himself on one arm and his faces greatly lit by the officers flashlight. Carry on his third time the officer he's on arm and he's in the military. At one point, a voice is heard saying several times, get up, get up. Carry on says I'm going to get up. As he rises, at least four shots. Our fire in the carrying collapses, crying out in pain. Shots fire, shots fire, somebody shows. And tell all a telephone interview conducted in the Spanishville that said after the shooting carry on Iceda Dippy, why didn't you shoot me if you told me to stand up? The alleged exchange could not be heard on the video. The Dippy, whose name was not released, was placed on paid administrative leave, a routine procedure in officer involved shootings. Carry on wasn't charged with a crime all the other incident made under vestigated footage of Sheriff's postman Robert Hinole. The driver of the Corvette identified by authorities as Luis Fernando Escobito, 21, was arrested for investigation of felony evading. Carry on in Escobito had left a party at the Homo Carry-On's parents to drive to a store said the airman's wife. Mariela. A woman who answered the telephone at the Monterey Homo Carry-On's parents said they were headed to the hospital, nobody wanted to talk. They were mom. And Air Force spokesman Lieutenant Frank Hartnett, a letter he's Kimed a Gabby Hartnett or Dosh Hartnett. Said carry on is a security officer at Barstale Air Force Base in the Shreepor, Luziana. Carry on carry the Air Force in January 2003. Recently returned from a six-month tour in Iraq Hartnett said this is a guy that went over there. A risk is life where the country at least he was told he was being doing that. A person's life online he comes back to LA and about a bang for shots because I guess he didn't get a fast enough or because maybe he did get up. Chino's about 40 miles east of Los Angeles. Is that the kind of fancy way to work Chino's every day? He was still the honest fast facts about that movie somebody just to face in the crowd. Okay. Do I really want to read this or what? It's just to put it aside. No, I don't want to do that. I want to get to it right now or forget about it. I noticed that whoever sent this magic marker their name on on top of the East. This is a regular factored by the Wai can tell by what says I had nine on the top. Remember to give the day when it smelled like I had nine in the internet about computer was frying that was not good. Watch out for that warm by the way. The warm is a turning. We'll get to that later. It's not doing anything but the warm is turning. A face in the crowd. This is an Amazon.com editor overview. More time without perhaps the one is first release in 57. Ilya Kazan's overheated political melodrama explores the dangerous manipulative power of pop culture. It exposes the underside of capricorn populism and exemplifies the optimistic table of grassroots country, me, John Doe. In Kazan's accountscripted by bud, Schulberg, the common man, pacificator, and a griffet is no gerry, Cooper, style, aweshox, peragon, promoted to national famous a folksy TV item by radio producer Patricia Neal. Griffith's Larry Lonesome Road turns out to be a megalomaniac monocle rat bastard. The film terms are pocchalptic as roads exploits his power to sway the masses, helping to relate to a reactionary presence of a candidate. Ah! A right way reactionary. The parodies of television commercials and opinion polling were cutting aids in their day facing the crowd was the network of the Eisenhower era and there's some starling near documentary sequences shot on location in Arkansas. An extraordinary supporting case that by Walter Mathau and Lee Remick helps keep the energy level high, even when satire turns shrill and unpersuasive in the final real. There's interesting parallel and tin robin's snide, pseudo documentary Bob Roberts. Both these pictures have almost as much content for leemings in the audience, lemmings in the audiences for the manipulative monsters who heard them over the cliff. Well, I can understand that. All right. People are sheep, the masses are answers, and said it went so long. That's good. That's interesting. Dr. Ron would Bob Robbins. That was good. Remember that in the end? On by the way, Danny Garco, he dies in the end. Yeah, that's what I heard. But there's seven, 87 votes on our pool. Oh, there are good orders that hold deal about scooter liby. Trial that next to January 7th, 2007, long after the off-year lessons, those amid terms. Because then you'll be safe. Then we find out the Carl Rovers into it up to his armpits and boosian cheney and all these other, uh, crooked glam. Doop, cunning hand. Doop, doop. How much of a sports nerd are you? Don't we have that bit or I just dream that we did that? What bit, cunning hand? Huh? I don't know. We don't have that bit. Doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop. I'm gonna play that. I haven't played enough because we don't hear anything about any more of that. You know what I'm saying? We keep hearing all the said of Volonia about the big bush come back. His approval rate is only 39% now, but the big comebacks come in and a right. How much of a sports nerd are you? I'm a fan, not a nerd, 224. Bastards, 696 vote. I have some interest but not big time, 214. I hate everybody, 62. I'm a total nerd, 37. Most of those from inside our building in the cross of street. I hate this pool, 36. I hate spectators for it's 33. I love the shower of the guy, 28. I have no interest 23. Only for gambling purposes 15 is the running thing else other than sports 10. I'm a Jackson if or eight. And I only watch one sport, six. Almost 700 vote already. Take an end and turn it right around. Yeah, and when you think, now you wouldn't think, I'm sorry, I just continue being stupid. I continue being stupid because parents keep taking you aside and having these hard to heart chats about, you know, kneel about what are we doing wrong and why is he pissed off and hate me like poison. And then you explain it to them and they just continue being indifferent and oblivious, you know. And it gives you a song to dance about an email that I haven't only got a half of. They seem to be having some email problems both in sending and receiving an estation now. Joining me, I sent the they never got and the other one, I get the like two lines from it. Even the Governor's daughter can do better than two lines without even trial with her hands to have behind her back. That's sad. 560560, palm 560, Verizon and Singular wireless lines. The telegrams are coming in of congratulations. Nice going, you guys, the QM, you stuck into Alan, down, Tom Brown and also Joel, fine Britain is dead. He's money over there across the street. I'm trying to put you guys down, Alan Brown. W2AM, hello. Line one, mark it down. W2AM, hello. QM, yep. Okay, ready? Leave watch sports to avoid my wife and children. Uh-huh. That's a strip club, therefore, man. The only watch is sports to avoid his family. I'm not going to put that on there, but I understand. See, there's some before you George. Start thinking about it. A lot of hot sports for you. That's what strip clubs are for. Oh, that's Delta 3D. W2AM halls on this game. Oh, I'm here. Yes. Uh-huh. Neil, I always think that when you were talking about that movie, the throwback, my, the niche should have probably named out one of the employees from savbles. Yeah. You all take so? Yeah. There's an old cocker that just wants a little pet on a head and you're making all kinds of sounds. Yeah. I was laughing. You were laughing at him. You were like saying, boy, help the setting. I was even pretty much the same thing. Five, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, three. That guy's got. Right, done his mind too much. You know, just get away from that area. You know, start, start with the other area. That's it. Get away from that damn area. W2AM, hello. Neil, the morning. Wayne is to you. Uh, good job, single-handle. He's smoking seven, 90 yesterday. I smite in a man. He's smoking. Yeah, he's smoking. We smade him. Hey, Neil, did you happen to read that piece on February 1st at Robert Stein that put in the Harold? About, I think I recorded on our website about one. Yeah, I didn't check the website. I'll have one in the hard questions. Yeah. I'll put it on there, I believe. Okay. Josh can verify because he remembers each story, uh, in a movie. I think he might have been on there, I believe. Now we put it on there. Okay. Hey, Neil, what ever happened with Ariel Shrown, huh? Hey, a good question, man. Last time, and last time, he was reaching for a bigger, with locks and cream cheese and saying, I'm dying on the hand. That's the last we heard, man. Exactly. Keep up the good work, Neil. Thanks. And that is not amazing. I mean, most people don't think about it because they don't want to think about it because the media gets you with them about the coal miners one day and about some car crash the next day. And about this poor, uh, uh, soldier that got shot for no reason to have NLA. And, uh, and of course, the, uh, chicken or rubah and a guy over there on, we'd also don't hear anymore about the guy that, uh, this is pretty out that cruise ship that they got everybody whipped up day after day. MSNBC that was like there is so many, uh, that was the only topic, right? But God, why would we hear anymore about Ariel Shrown? Now that Hamas is one of the elections overwhelmingly with the Palestinians. Oh, we don't like that. We're not going to do business with it. We wanted those free democratic elections. Baby, we wanted to people to vote. It was wonderful. It was a great democratic experience. And nobody even suggested that it was fixed or anything like that was there's nothing worse than a fair rigged fixed election. And all of a sudden, we don't like it. It's got kind of like our sports guys. We don't want it. Yeah, but come on in the participate with us. Let's work for peace. We don't want it. We don't like you guys. You know, I recognize Israel, and of course all of them get used to it. And all of them are right winners. They, they got a support Israel because Armageddon's coming in and believe you me if this is not stays in there won't be long here. This is New Rogers. This is the New Rogers Show. This is the New Rogers Show with a $40 million dollar history to blame. If it'sBlueShow for $40 million dollar history to blame, frustration is seriously 1960 and questioning. Minn gabisji thakjan Ind Θfigad The So I have this world's new My Life is a New Tyson I'm heading for the two fox I call to the optional fox You played bothlic battings In after stroke Oh And there's network shelter And killed I guess I wasn't home That's funny The nids, all over to them ...° they uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh oh let me know below Tony Blair told President George Burst that he was solidly behind U.S. plans to invade Iraq before he saw the advice about the invasion's legality and the spifi actions of a second U.N. resolution, according to a new account of the build-up to the war published today. Says the Guardian. A member of a tour maybe between the two leaders at the lighthouse on January 31, 2003 nearly two months before the invasion, we have heard that Mr. Bush made it clear that U.S. intended to invade whether or not there was a second U.N. resolution, and even if U.N. inspectors found no evidence of a band Iraqi weapons programming. How do you like that? Sure, read that last sentence again. Reveals the Mr. Bush medically that the U.S. intended to invade, whether or not there was a second U.N. resolution, and even if U.N. inspectors found no evidence of a band Iraqi weapons program. So I guess the Dick Clark and the Dickler Richard Clark and the Paul Looney, I'll guess they were all lying, huh? Gee. The diplomatic strategy had to be arranged around the military plane with President Thomas DeBlair, the Prime Minister said to have raised no objection. He's quoted as saying he was something, and we should have put him on it, Paul, but no self-respect, only laying absolutely. He's quoted as saying he was solidly with the President ready to do whatever it took to disarm a Sodom. The disclosure came in a new edition of Lawless World by Philip Sands, a professor of International Law at University of Lundon, Professor Sands, who's a revelation to Tommy Sands, who had a teenage crush on Kappa Records. Professor Sands advised you to expose that outshared by Foreign Office lawyers about the legality of the invasion, and the disclosure is which eventually forced the Prime Minister to publish the full legal advice given to a by Attorney General Lord Goldsmith. The memo seemed that Professor Sands reveals, Mr. Bush told Mr. Blair that the U.S. was so worried about the failure to find hard evidence against Sodom that it sought a flying YouTuber condosence aircraft planes with fighter cover over a rack painted new end colors. Mr. Bush ended if Sodom fired on them, and it would be a breach of U.N. resolutions. You see that? Mr. Bush even expressed the hope that a defective would be extracted from Iraq and given a public presentation about Sodom's WMV. He's also said to refer Mr. Blair to a small possibility that Sodom would be assassinated. Mr. Blair told the U.S. President that a second U.N. resolution would be an insurance policy providing international cover, including with the Arabs, if anything went wrong with a military campaign, or if Sodom increased the states by burning oil wells, killing children, or a full-enigined internal divisions within Iraq. And Mr. Bush told the Prime Minister that he thought it unlikely there would be an international warfare between the different religious and ethnic groups. Oh, I was at that point. Mr. Blair did not demeur according to the book. Oh, yeah. Now, the Minister Blair just said, ah, ah, a lot of you say, Georgie. The revolution, the revelation and revolution that Mr. Blair had supported the U.S. President's plans to go to war with Iraq, even in the absence of a second U.N. resolution contrasts with the assurances of the Prime Minister gave Parliament shortly afterward. On February 25, 2003, few weeks after his trip to Washington, Mr. Blair told the comments that the government was giving Sodom one further final chance to disarm voluntarily. Lyr, Lyr, Lyr, you're a top hat son fire, you phony baloney, you're quizzling, you sibiled it, phony blam, I asked. 560560, we got a lot of votes on that toldly, man. Scooter, let me trial. We'll start January 8, 2007, market down. That is a less virtual, as a whole world up before then. 723, how much of a sports nerd are you? I'm a fan, not a nerd, 236, we believe them? Nope. I have some interest but not big time, 222. I hate everybody 64 and we don't blame you. I hate this poll 38, total nerd 38. I hate spectators sports 34. I love to shower the guys. I'm 30 minutes. I'm going to get all this crowded and there's that closet with Tom Cruise and Archaele in the John Revoltah. I have no interest 25, only for gambling purposes 15. It was kind of getting crowded if the Virgin Mary's actome and that's the other one. Two other parts, all with the popular draw, boy idiots. Is there anything else besides sports 11? I'm only watch one sport 10 and I'm a jox never. Rancid, nine out of 732. And I hear a facces creeping over right now. Can't you hear it? I hear it. Can't you hear my heartbeat? It's good what's up. How is the average age dead? Nice, probably not a peer-nome. I think he's the singer. And every music was okay, it was fun. It was fun. It was a funny music. It was just fun. No milk today. Remember that here's one it says. Yeah, right. What a joke. Talk about trying to rationalize desperately when they're logo on it. Zirneal Rogers, everyone here at 790 would like to thank you for the four hours of pre-adventizing gear. Give our station every single day. Keep up the great work, thanks. The stamp is for Star 790 to the ticket. This is their response. Guess what? We could put up 4,000 billboards, it's still wouldn't help because when they heard the first time it goes in the off position or A-O-P, any other position. This is their rationalization. This is one hell of a comeback, isn't it? Yeah, I love it. Thank you for the free promotion, yeah. Your mama. Okay, we have a senior looking at you wounds over there and probably as I can each other, still gots. But these are a bunch of rejects. These are mostly people that except for your rows who got the bounced out of our place. Who couldn't get a job at a real station if they're like to pen out, they went in, did a hold up, they couldn't get a job. So that's fine, you know, still gots. I put still gots any late martesca in a gory only, we like Lenny. Speaking of radio, which is something they know nothing about. Sirius Chak, power sits at the Howard Stern channel. You're going to be very depressed when you hear this because I know you're a Howard Boots. Oh, yeah, that was true. Sirius Chak, like radio ink, which liberated radio Chak Chak, Howard Stern from the federal decency standards that he had felt shackled him, is fighting that freedom is just another word for 500 million bucks to lose. Remember that song? Three, don't just, oh, the way to take a chance. Since January 9th, when Stern debuted on serious, power did versions of the shows have been made available for free by a civil online file sharing that were just ours after Stern signs off. The New York-based broadcast is signed to a five year exhibition dollar contract in 2004. Oh, God, just shoot her all out of the mission. She is. I know. Now, the series is in a word. Furious. Sirius is furious. We don't condone the steaming of Howard's sure. I need to content our more than 125 channels. Sirius spokesman Patrick Gruyson. We vigorously protect our intellectual property rights and we'll actively prosecute those to attempt to steal it. If I can just backtrack, it's really interesting. The other guys there down the street, they got together with Greg Coates and they found the excuse not to put my name in this poll, assuming that, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, he won't pay any attention to this. And as a result, we'll ramrod over it and make it look in the newspaper like we got an audience like we're kicking their ass. Little did they know. Anyway, it is not known how many Stern fans are sidestepting Sirius's company, 95 on subscription feed by illegally downloading a show because most hardcore fans are useless in the show in their cars, presumably many of them would subscribe rather than wait till they're in front of a computer screen. And there's no question that Stern's been good for Sirius, which added 1.1 million subscribers in last quarter, 2005. The company, which is behind his wheelie, leader XM Redneck Saddleye Radio reports 2.3 million listeners and expects to reach 6 million by the end of this year. But ever since Stern traded the terrestrial-areids for Saddleye fans of his frequent interviews with porn stars, it found ways to tune into the sub for playing King of Almedia for free. A few weeks ago, when the first power radio stations began, we broadcasting Stern's show on unclean radio frequencies in New York and Jersey. Sirius immediately notified the enforcement bureau of the FCC. The very body against which Stern is so frequently railed. The FCC in 2004 cited Stern's show on third channel for repeated graphic and explicit sexual descriptions as we all know, Yamama. Sirius also looked quickly to crack down on our websites that screamed audio broadcast to the Stern show. The broadcast just since he's in the sizzlet, it's protesting such blatant and willful infirgions and threatening the Sue unless the underground broadcast is one style in a media leave not sooner. But, as each one shot down, it seemed like another one's sprang up. Then, shut down over here and another one pops up over there. Like this. Stern referred to a request for an interview to Sirius on Wednesday, but he has raised a piracy issue on his show with a subtly that's not as usual for a day. Walking a very fine line, Stern is praised to run against Spirit to draw some fans to refuse to pay for what they used to get for free and he's pleased with folks just to pay 42 cents a day. Please. Just as the rock band metallica experience when a first came out against illegal downloads of its music, Stern risked sparking a backlash. After all, this is the man who built his in your face persona around flugging federal regulators who we claim were the enemies of creative expression. It's kind of ironic that now he and his people are going to the FCC. Ah, wait, you see what I'm saying? Oh yeah. I don't get that. I thought he was anti the FCC. I thought he thought the FCC was like a pariah and Mariah. There already are signs that after finishing our criticisms for so long, Stern better get ready to take it. It says, Mr. Freedom of speech himself, Mr. 500 million dollars has ordered me to shut down my personal website that some people stumbled upon wrote the operator of Vaoyati Adiyati according to Rocky Mountain News. The site made Stern so available for free but they disclaimer that only serious subscribers should use it. VATSPA Low Scholars firm in California that only monitors an online partnership with the entertainment industry found digital audio files of every episode of Stern series show an every major file sharing network. It's going to impact these serious rated subscribers market. Instead of saying, Mark Ishawaka Ishikawa, VATSPA executive, why do you pay 13 bucks a month when you get what you want from the internet? For free. Although no one can know the total number of Stern's Steelers, oh Steelers, Super Bowl Georgia, you go Steelers. It is clear that Stern is the one who hit a mum's file showers. His shows are more popular than TV show Gilmore drills and just behind Fox is the Simpson said Eric Garland CEO of Big Champaign and I'm like medium measurement from Los Angeles they measure it. The proliferation of sites offering Stern shows for free as an unintended result of series's consumer-friendly technology. Home adapter kits design so customers can plug their series's radio tuners in their home stereo system. Can this is easily connected to a pewter? There anyone with the right piece of software can convert the show to a digital audio file that can be rated to be an online. Series-S warned investors about the threat of power scene and recent filing with the SEC and noted that although it uses encryption to follow those who would try to listen to its broadcast without paying, those protections might not always prevent theft. The excess bootlegging became widespread if it could harm our business to company of knowledge. But little authorized exposure might not be all bad for Stern who is currently here to have recently graced the cover of the West Square in New York Magazine. Industry in Los Angeles people are here to ensure that their computer might enjoy so much the land of subscribing without the illegal downloads it could be argued. Sure runs the risk of being out of your shot out of mind. All lie. Where we hear that before. My view is that the more exposure the better said Jeff Pollock, CEO of Pollock, CEO of the TV group, I find that if I find content very compelling, I might say, wow, I sure want to be able to catch that every day. But then again, Pollock said that the left, I wasn't the one who signed the check. The folks who do signed the check said, we'll do so for the foreseeable future aren't laughing. Powered in broadcast are a loudz-y-way listen to Howard series's Riley said the best way is through a serious subscription. Some longtime Stern fans agree. When it comes down to what if you're a true Howard fan, if you want to support his endeavor said, okay, Leah, it will be over. Bonnie, series subscriber. If you want more on for five years, you'll pay the 13. There you go. All right, let's say, you all lift up into a fancy about it. Huh? How did that pull come out? Five, and by the way, thanks for all the cross dig mentions on the comment line on what's supposed to be a 790 pull too. Even the most of them are from inside our building. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but an Alan Brown man, very touchy touchy over there across history, very nervous. We're going to blow up at our face. Well, we better give him a little stools bag. Right, probably even that fast came from inside our building, it could be. Probably that's what Kerency's doing right now. That was his project for today. What do we got in that pull? We're going to go in all of 750. We got a thousand feet with your hand side behind your back. Well, good. WQAM, hello. Hello? Hello? Hello? Neil? Yes? How are you doing, buddy? All right, pal. This is, I want to say some first, the, um, what does they call you, uh, the 900 pound gorilla? You're, uh, a, oh, so many all 900 pound gorilla. So what? Um, yeah, what, um, that is called you at the 90. Yeah, right, right, right. That's, that's all right. And you're, what was your comeback on the one? You're, how old are you? I'm from the 900 pound gorilla. Okay, just over there. You're the best. Hey, listen, I've never heard that show Mike Bowie on, uh, Stereomerica, never heard of him. Uh, because he does a show later died. And, uh, he, he does all right, you know, he's pretty good, but they've had some technical difficulties. Really? Well, we'll be able to relate to that. Well, there's a word. They cut into a commercial break. Then they have another commercial break over that. And it's a part of what they disappear from here. And they put on this music that they play. I don't think they go to go on on. Kinda sounds like when we hear a discern show here on QAM, you know, when he had to like, uh, when the music playing in the back and all the, and that's not kind of sound like I was saying. Or they come to tend to go to the funeral. These weird, the last ones to point fingers about that. We might stick a finger or two here or there, but okay, let's have a great day, pal. We gotta go. Gotta run. You gotta run. Four of the past eleven. We got Curtis at two, any K for the mad dog, before from the Bank Atlanta campus center. To give that big go-up for the Panther game. We love the Panthers, the Jaxafog. Yeah, I'll panther pretty with seven or two. I talked to the Panthers in Atlanta, Trashers in 730, Atlanta one kick ass team man. And Lenin Martez and Troy after the game. This is New Roger. This is by 1628. Roger. You gotta run. We like the pro-back, half-board. I'm riding on the along, and sometimes the song, the whole. We like the pro-back, half-board. I'm walking kinda funny, getting eight from the back, so. The sheep ain't the only one on all doors. Black them. Black the pro-back, half-board. I'm riding on the along, and sometimes the game's better. Black the pro-back, half-board. There's a reason why Jaxafog cover the theory. I'm a homo, the rain just swear. You fairway. Black the pro-back, half-board. Black the pro-back, half-board. What that gleng-camelman, he's really great. Let's talk about the beachboys in Bruce Johnson, and yada yada and Bryan Wilson and his city bear. Come on. There's what they're. Those are the days. Those are really the days. Were they? What does the you know about it? You were like a child. I still like that. You remember about the beachboys and the beetles and eggs. I remember them. Which is more than most people might. Well, I've heard like your partner and Kramovider across the Adesk. Be sure and catch you know. He's a little by little. They vary very tiny baby steps, little teeny tiny baby steps. He wouldn't even even know who the hell Bruce Johnson is. I think they got used to being quarterback for the abux. The one? There was a quarterback for the bucks when they went to the, when the stupid bull. Brad. Brad. Brad. Well, the same thing. The Johnson man. Be Johnson. The threat. That's what they share with across straight. We Johnson it. 769 votes. See, I was thinking of myself doing a break. You know that long email I sent to the internet that evidently didn't go through or at least they got lost somewhere in the ether cath there to our general man. He got bounced. Oh yeah. Whatever I said in there multiple times too. 560, 750, 160 pound. 560 in the right. In other words, you know, I mean, the crossover with Hank is fun. See, whether people like Hank or not, at least at least there's some fun and bother in the beast as you're coming up and they're having a little bit of fun. But the sports element of it, it's not fun. It's painful man. You want to like grind your teeth from it. Talk about a bunch of hard ass people take themselves too serious. Good God. And that story in very jackass this morning. I find that extremely, just astonishing. Here it is. The third of February is next week. I'd be like the third week of this two to four revolving doors. That kind of be it because I see the schedule already. Third week, writers of fourth. Whatever it is. It's sort of marked it on the count. Yeah. And they're just getting around to talk in a matter about doing it. In other words, we still don't know what we're doing in there. What's the one where I'm always telling you about radio and television broadcasting in general. People like it's like it's like the thing with Dan Rather. I watched CBS News for 100 years. Walter Crunk, I Dan Rather than a minute that they put on a Oki-Doki bomb sheet for I watched it one night and I turned it and never turned it back on again. Consistency, that's the word. Write it on your elbow. Write it down on your arm all the way down your armpits, your waist. Consistency. I'll write it in permanent pun. Get it? Get that magic marker. And make it darker. I got the one that I can see. Good. It's darker than the parker. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. You pound five. Six in the horizon and singular wireless line. Consistency, and of course we are consistent in consistent because we ingested out here. Well, we got some confused people. Double QAm Hello. Are you new? Yes, sir. Would you think of a Shaktati game last night? Yeah, okay. Correct. Well, yes. Double QAM Hello. Hi, sir. Double QAM Hello. I am the magician, would you like to see my magic wand? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six. Well, that must have been senior wedges. Look at that phone man, there as a door now, just absolutely motionless. Former NFL star Larry Zonko, host the cable television outdoor show, pleading guilty Wednesday, to illegal filming on National Forest lines. Not even Josh knows Larry Zonko, you know, Zonko. You kidding? Yeah. Now, what's the show you could Zonko? Was that the, let's make a deal? Sorry, money haul? You got me. I was going to do it, you're going to expect you to know that. Good Canadian boy, money haul. Good Jewish Canadian boy would be like a deal since, uh, but you got Zonk, then you get a Zonk? I don't know. Is that what happened when you, like, got the booby prize? Yeah, the booby prize. You got Zonk. Well, that's it. Like they played for me at the Mac Arena that one time at a high school. They could have a picture now for a minute. That's it. That's the day play. It put my pussy from the crowd on the screen and they played exactly that. And they said, guys, I was crying and bowling about the end, of course, the Panthers. Stunk. And they still do. As part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors, Zonk completed guilty of knowing we conducting work activity in a national force without obtaining a special use permit. Come on, Zonk. Not another or one of these, uh, ex-dolfing guys. Well, you know, at least you didn't kill anybody. Zonk agreed to pay $3,800 in restitution for filming about 10 shows on US Forest Service land, said US Attorney Jim Geek. As sensing April 19, Geek said prosecutors will request a sentence of probation for one year and a $5,000 fine. Zonk could be reached for comment. Zonk is host of Napa's North Walaska with Johnny Horton at that time there are two and probably Tim Horton. Bill is a show on fishing hunting history and customs that explores a new area of Alaska each week. And maybe even Nathan Horton from the Panthers. We loved the Panthers, the kick in the ass, knowing the show appears on the outdoor life network. Oh, the outdoor life network's being a hockey. See that great tie in there? There's the John Davidson on there with Doc camera. pap pap pap pap pap pap, it was paid by the syllable, John Davidson. According to the Western turnings off his pocket minute that his production company, Zonk production, say, talk to you. In August 2002, filmed the episode of what was then called skills, North Walaska, along the blind river area, on Mid-Coffe Island, the Tongass National Forest and the Adi Adi Island. So they stepped over the line a little bit. Big stink in deal. Okay, we like Larry Zonk a lot, okay? He ran like an old lady with a legsty started together but they couldn't bring his fat ass down and he just kept rumbling on through that line. Good old Larry Zaka and Jim he was kicking it old style Jim kick. Funny huh? That's what the day is man and Bob Greasey there with him like glasses with a windshield by persona. Speaking of Greasey how's your quarterback Brian Greasey? 560 pound 560 and he Verizon's singing a rital slime a day that they're going to require a lot of beating and you want to know why they're exhausted. We wore the audience out yesterday. We're out there voting and voting and emailing and going out and knocking on doors and signing petitions and just kicking the other guys ass and embarrassing and degrading and humiliating Alan T. downtown Brown. They probably have an ace band at rounder click and finger around the whole building. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Have you ever seen Nathan Horton and Chandler Rare are the girls of the traffic on channel set in the morning set and by children? Same thing for us. Same for us. Good point. WQAM hello. I want to be out of my mouth. I'll take him a go cross the street delpo channel give you your own show how's that. 560 pound 560 every couple of days he tries it again and every couple of days with the same result and no life. I have no life. And he's got that broad there this like you know wiping off his forehead with a moist sponge. Yeah that's what she's wiping. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes sir. You're real collar just another Ojo on provocative tour man. No I'm a real collar man. You're real amateur collar okay what you got. The world is a final score man I just told men of the QM gorillas against a waxy gut. WQAM 10,543 the ticket 3,012 really mean about. Alright we said we got about a couple of times and we'll be listening to the show. Okay send them some crackers. Probably you're eating crackers right now what you got for a full Monday you're going to have like John the Baker bring in pizza and Melka's of Italian good stuff right that's right. Any other melting hot sauce we'll have. I'm going to tell you what it'll life see that's why Josh wants to continue on a show even for free. Which is by the way one of the worst that this is slacking all of our face I can't even begin to tell you that. But don't bother me because I don't want to talk to you but anyway because all the free meals just a free food alone is worth a thousand dollars. That's about to check that comes every three months. Yeah right. Well like you could still do the website I mean even the worst of it well we don't want to lose you on the show but I mean worst comes to worse you're not going to get screwed over on that they don't even have to know about that okay that has nothing to do what you're doing there now because you're working for free and of course even before if they make you new deal you wish to basically when you yeah working for free. Yeah that's the measly effinway man the little people the people that work their asses off the people that are the nuts and bolts baby the people that for all the pieces of the puzzle together those people get screwed big time and then those old fat Jews man they get all the money they get those big big fat checks and once in a while even on time if you're a mad at big stars no procrastin cars and snortens stuff up here no y'all there we are you got a needing this order and you're punched a week quarter and there's a picture of you with no clothes well you want to buy the couch and you're last movie clock and why did you tell your hair before the paparazzi get you got to get your picture on the cover of vanity there vanity they gonna picture picture on the cover they blame it on turn stage mother you'll pay you know the the all the best the national spec is general center investigation out of the crook and not the thief's you're money they could speaking of flushing your money down the toilet like it came out of a civil somewhere like it came out of a fairer faucet the white house they said it plans to last congress for an initial seventy billion dollars to pay for the words in a rack in Afghanistan driving the cost of military operations in the two countries to 120 billion dollars this year the rack war the headline on this is costing a hundred thousand dollars a minute and you folks are footing the bill for it so even if you don't care like and obviously most Americans don't care about all the innocent people buying on both sides all all the sides a hundred thousand dollars a minute even chiming make a that much even in his new deal maybe soon the additional spending along with other work funding the virtual administration will see for a six-year-old regular budget next week would push the price tax for combat and nation building since nine eleven to nearly a half a trillion dollars currently the defense department says it is spending about four and a billion dollars a month on the war in a rack or about a hundred thousand dollars per minute current spending in Afghanistan is about eight hundred dollars a million dollars a month or about eighteen thousand a minute so a hundred and eighteen thousand a minute if we got a sum of yet a little below all the hours of our here we were we were no time out the allies are how we got him in no we had all gold seen that's the sum of the billboard they got all gold's in the kick it out kind of and all the other else that's true things as they've put your his life up because he was a pornography slut and a government not care in the total like it was and fat but then anybody else who's the mortal enemy well we we you know we had to stop hard work hard work they blew it baby right there at Torah borrower there's something goes like that Torah borrower but how's that song though it's a life of a war allure yeah rural or a type of here that's a tune of allure allora Torah borrower very well Brian and clean up your act by the way okay I'm getting tired of clearance having a nervous stick because you keep on all this vulgarity on these bits all the wrong with hard done told him see I think what happened is just like I did he got the green light there but he never got the red light back again and right had the green light for two days and all you you you you you you know that that's probably whether not like talking to me anymore responded to just ignore and totally what exact no you're right let's wait right out there on the table right now market down February 3rd 2006 we are a means to an end for this re-ducation we have nothing nothing to do with this the show no more than the light and take those numbers and take the revenue that comes not just here but all through the day because of them they're they're ecstatic about that but as far as the rest of us were all a pain in the ass especially me and they don't want to do it other than saying well are you sure said you can't do this now other than that so please please don't even put on an act do not they don't even say you do an act of a job brownie hand don't even say that like with that the full result not seriously we made them look like train untrained monkeys across the street and the early ironic part of it is I couldn't give it a spite of what they think I couldn't give a crap less about that station I don't never listen to it I don't care about it we our competition isn't that station that he tried to explain that to the sports nerds inside our building our competition is IOD and the INZ skier America now franken and cancel my emperor that's our competition because we do a talk show not a sports show so what's all the week here about those people I don't but if you have just a little teeny tiny bit of pride in where you're working believe me it's not easy just a little bit you want to squash the other guys no matter what the format is what what they'll say all about so when I went on WINZ and WNZ news was there would that contract your help in channel 10 show that only thing would write lottery back when he had the mustache and they got the audience stack there with all the WNZ news people who crone and john uh-huh levied and Tom don't like us with his silly black leather jacket and all that crowd of losers and then the next book comes out we just crushed their ass you know what the tom do like us at a three point we had a seven on i and z with a nighttime signal I wouldn't wish on Stalin Hitler and moutsy tomb together moutsy dumb you have any idea what I'm talking about no but I like it because it's all true it's always been the same thing man go girl I'm not into you know people kissing your ass and not looking for that but just at least a little recognition that we accomplished something for everybody for the team we took one for the team baby and they took one across the street for the team right up the right right up the old shoot that's probably what they were saying when he saw those pull results aw shoot and it's closed by the way now you can't deal with it you can't say anymore busy chain emails you're done you're done linty down town silly has brown done and and you know as well as I do that without this email I know I wouldn't have been paying more time was even looking at it right I didn't care about it no more all i'm sorry as that it's you know you're not kidding I know that will give us something to do for a day if it's a hell of an exciting man they they're excited all over all over their good north america feel the the tremors in the globe all the way here like the aftershocks of this tremendous wampan that we give them wampan and they're like in a semi like a oh and thanks for all the people you know what garnish health in baby garnish tell them Joel find we'll understand that's probably what he's saying and by the way for the chronic incoco bich I recognize your printing left go I mean we've only had 40 thousand facts from the same miss that who ultimately the week when kissing our ass and ripping us and it can make up its mind whatever it is you'd like your full on somebody with his rose and roses he I have to say photographic memory even I remember that of course having wrote his name rose and don't help don't hurt we're a lot of money judge sets trial for liby in cia a lea also at a and liby too on my father's side crazy bitch went off the Israel are you they uh see how it all ties in together but you don't have anybody I all liby that make out of our time which I lived in liby that's the ton of money and I had a girlfriend named liby while I was there yeah well what kind of people are named liby it's a liby the right short for lizabeth no that's lizzy but she was from another town she didn't live in liby but she visited no but liby is not short for uh lizabeth is it and the case of the liby that I was and they asked you this how come peace some people call us as a call Betty what is Betty had to do with lizabeth and lives of Beth Beth that I see boy oh Beth whatever happened to Beth on passes by the way she took off with marty and made see her no more and I'll come out there still hang it around on video anyway you're not watching now huh you don't even know who liby's low-pest pit zero was today we uh got that call I was a great one too bad a federal judge on Friday said former White House aid idel with scuder liby's trial they didn't see idly case for January 2007 two months after the midterm congressional election reports the Boston Globe a trial for liby who faces purging and obstructing justice charges will begin with jury selection January 8 said US district judge reggie b Walton reggie b uh the judge the judge said he hoped to start the trial on September one of liby's lawyers had a scheduling conflict that made that impractical and I'm sure that that was just an accident don't you that they had the most vote until two months after the midterm elections so that all this stuff that's gonna come out one in about blow up in their face and no republicans gonna be elected Walton said he doesn't like to have a case linger while he sniffing his finger but had no choice because liby attorney Ted Wells will be tied up for ten weeks on other case liby former chief of staff vice president big chainer one of his can do a Chris Wells liby reformary chief chief of staff vice president big chainer was in dead lay well we know that well said liby's defense team was very happy with the trial day out vet they are and will permit us to tell me need to confirm mr liby defense make up a lot of stories special prosecutor pacifier for zero did not oppose the date during the hearing is team left the court house without comment how do you like that liby 55 spoke only was during the hearing when Walton asked if he understood those lawyers had waved his right to a speedy trial because of the cases complexity liby surrounded by six lawyers at the defense table stood up and said yes there and that was it and way he was that's it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon singular why this time we got off we got off that i think you're going to be surprised when the door pins are going to come in that uh yeah i'm going to be a big band remember to see the godfather in Vegas yeah we're afraid of open the door and there's all the uh dancers in there and there's all the food and all the entertainment in the band and the michael says who is here we are putting a fire mickey give it a bite and i would be very surprised oh yeah you're going to see tigrate parade for uh this show for what we did in that for just stopping in the beaten and pomegranate sticker tape parade 800 native votes on our poll on the arraju's dot com it by way josh court is once you do those bedtime stories arouse that's right he works feverishly in fact somebody's got a monitor before noon and he's working his ass off to get those under and especially days when we send him way too many which in his case you know he thinks like more than five is too many but um you know because if cuts into his uh sack time you know i'll hop around in the sack sometimes with somebody sometimes not 800 and eight votes on the poll how much of a sports nerd are you i'm a fan not an urge to 58 yeah right right and your mom is very washin and two i have some interesting old video washing that's uh the first president's bush is wife oh barber beddy i have uh Beth i have some interest but not big time two for in other words like that walks the super bowl but you know that's it just in cases more naked movies i hate everybody's 71 and that's Alan Brown probably voted several times he's mad at the world to bad Alan he's suck i hate this pool 42 i'm a total sports nerd 42 i hate spectators for 35 i have no interest 34 as what George says which is very for you that's pretty mild you know it is mild but you're gonna say i hate spectators do that just i just didn't know it's just in and comes from somebody could brought up a good time you know want to be involved you know go and it's all for that's it luck to you have a nice time i love to shower with the guy's 34 depends on who the guys are i would assume only for gambling purposes 18 i only watch one sports 16 Ricky Martin voted on that is there anything else other than sports eleven we didn't put out at the Amazonian know what that means and i'm a jacksonifer filament they know everything this is a new Roger this is by 16 to 18 under producers of ABC sci-fi for the organization comes and show about even scary more damn volatile terrain the government has denied their existence for years but they're here on one of us in your town even in your own or just waiting for you jump to help the George was star says the listener in invasion of price you know this is going to mark some art what is mean they're questioning our problem with your product and their service please yes he might have been just crash not on it is someone else there on the line no what who is this yes i go is gonna don't worry there's leave it's just me you're present going ahead don't mind me mr. president what's going on it and how to you know my name oh i know a lot about you i like your nickname is baba and your to pizza every Friday night let's see here look like you missed a few p.m.s on that student on there but you can't believe it you can't do this thank you in there baba oh yeah what's up you're right there in the kitchen watch it there hotgey but they all of new dentists but these are the being in private god a private over seas call their boot of all i am not that bonus that i am in no hot don't care if you're shamu don't mess with taxa son because i got a credit to grown circling 3851 calcada court right now to watch it all by the school tonight at rich rate table for the rest of the nation on ABC 14th of the country is another mysterious fact only this one i guess supposed to get us a really all with up to a friend we have no idea what it's all about huh what oh you're even again what is that it's always it's always let's say um but the whole is that a keyboard we're just not the maliboo two can challenge yes oh man but i thought about the man he's a muster to boy anyway what is the fact that the the uh return number on it is a uh it says payroll department so it's obviously some business all over the very familiar to me both the head or and the scribbling on here attention kneels since you don't have the ball's to read about it on the year i'll send it to your friends that they hold on the ticket and to judge it got a big question mark under because we don't have any of the what they're talking about how do you know i don't have the balls to read it on here when we don't know what it is that all man more of it so stuff i'm just i don't think i'll ever be the same just thanks it along and we'll see whether we read it on here and not schmuck five six seven oh five sixty pound five six in the horizon the singular rymus line probably something about the beastly's no go yet literally that you are identified somehow because we get news stories all the time as you know stuff that we don't you know that we know you know you get something that you didn't send me today i just checked through the uh the pile here and there's nothing uh yeah that's anything so before you go rushing that would all this hysteria all in or whoever it is across the street uh that we don't read it on here might have tried sending it to his first and we probably still won't read it so many two a m hello have no life yeah okay bulletin five six seven oh five sixty pound five six in the horizon singular rymus line that thing needs to be put out of its misery you know it needs to be put of armizery oh yeah just one well placed which i'm sure you have very good aim i do there'll be a knock on you door by six thirty night jackass w q a m hello hey near sir i got a dupliq for the put up nice to uh along with roms to the so yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and okay great we don't have the balls to put it up there though five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty by these people have lost it they've come unglued today no question about that well they're not a pressure for that super boy you know they got all the big bits they have the house mortgage all whipped up to a frenzy about it because somebody told him they ought to be and i've told you how he doesn't care he refuses to care he's adamant what's i don't think we're going to watch it anyway i just don't think i'm going to watch it okay w q a m hello what's up i'm sorry again i think you need to look me up that you got competition you all be here like waffles burger keep go to six five sixty and diamonds wrong man my Mister into who's uh he got his fingers suckering right there the ask them about the call that was special gaming Golmi good word pali que's getting a hate star December's own til back to him friends forgot what are you playing there to die пример I'm turning up a little more, pal. We can barely hear. We're getting away. What is it? What is it? Who am I? Okay, that's Admiral Stockdale talking from another side. He just went and said we got way to his ass. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Well, I'll tell you, like I said, around a run. Okay, man, attacks with hatched and gun and Massachusetts gay bar. Did you see this story? You see what this guy looks like? No. He probably is pure because nobody would pick him up. An 18 year old man opened fire and Massachusetts gay bar and attacked patrons with a hatched wounding three people, will he say the ass that he didn't see this? No. The attack at Tuzzles' lounge in New Bedford, Mass, a city about 58 miles south of Boston took place around midnight Wednesday. It was between those parents. There was a new story sent earlier to this one about Canadian's Mass's seal hunt. And I threw it in the garbage because who gives a flying craft. So they can go ahead and send it to the Harold. Canadian's Mass of Seal hunt. Apparently the Canadians are hunting seals and so cares. Not me. I'm getting here boring crap. But although we care about since you don't have the most of the balls on the Canadian's. Please do a send that to the ticket. Well, I'm sure that the ticket to the Harold. He said the Harold and the ticket. Yeah. And then the ticket they're going to attack all the Canadians. Isn't this another one I want to talk about when he wants me to talk about it. He's going ahead. Have a good time. He's hurting sealer. Give them the same great treatment that we gave you. Okay. Shine. You need to stop right now. He's dying. Police said the man entered the bar or did a drink asked the bartender if he was in a gay bar. See, our narrowly wouldn't have to ask that question to look around and kind of see, you know, a kid to lay at the land. But maybe he's a little slow. We sure looks it. When told that it was a gay bar, he reached into his coat pulled out a hatchet and attacked the man next to him at a pool heater. As patrons attempted to be strained and we drew a gun and fired several shots warning two people. Two of the wounded airlifted into a Boston hospital, the gunman fled. Police later identified him as Jacob Robita, an 18 year old described as extremely violent. They said he was wanted on three kinds of attempted murder and hate crimes related to attack. The bedford was the scene of another high profile bar attack. The 83 gang rape of a woman whose case inspired the 1988 movie, the accused starring that Dite Tjody Foster. How do you like that? I remember that. I don't see you in that, yes, I do. Gang rape? Yeah, I was quite honest. Speaker, that there's a friend of the weather lady. Oh, group collapse and bedbathing beyond and Florida. A group collapse. Really? The things that they put on there, like all whipped up into a frenzy about. Oh, it's been an a Canadian side. This is going to get like I'll whipped up into a frenzy. Forget about the baby seals. Canadian officials say inexperienced American soldiers panic and open fire on a vehicle carrying four Canadians in Iraq, disputing the US military's plan to the convoys it because warning signals were ignored. Investigations underwated determine what precipitated what was nearly a friend. The fire tragedy to the inside bag that's fortified green zone. The US military released a statement after the shooting say the Canadian's vehicle stopped as failed to stop after they were warned with hand signals and around a warning shots in front of the vehicle. Yesterday a different version of events emerged. Let's just say we don't confirm the American version. I'll give you a hint. The Americans just did a rotation of the military personnel inside the green zone. The Americans just did a rotation of the military personnel inside the green zone. We can draw our conclusions from there. Canadian diplomatic source familiar with the incident told a Toronto star. The Americans said the Canadian convoys were keeping their good distance and no one on vehicles saw any hand signals from the Americans to indicate they were too close. She also said the three shots fired. We're not warning in that one of the bullets from right through the windshield. Nearly missing a passenger. How many warning shots go across the vehicle under the passenger compartment. Can't we just say that the passenger compartment came in. Maybe they just had bad aim. Think that's what it is. Must have been. Just a warning shot. Oh, by the way. What's up? We hit you with it. But it's not a bit of warning in that, right? Right. So what's the story about the Canadian seals? Maybe I would have read it on here. Who knows? Oh, I don't know. Come on. I'm like I'm in show for the Canadian government of something. I'll send it. You go ahead and send that to the ticket. I'm sure the juice is going to be talking about that all day. About them seals. Lots of squeals about them seals and crops. Besides that's their new deal. I try to drum up some excitement. I guess it's getting people to walk down. Actually, they said the kid walked out that one day. Obviously, stayed. And now, what was this force writer? Who do you say was, Mike? Not Mike Luford. I've got the other guy. Got up and ran out. Like, hey, sub guy. Sub guy. Some guy. How's lunch? Pretty good. Sounds good. Not good. 835. Oh, say you can say that again. That's what Karen said. How much of a sports nerd? I'm not going to read this again. I just got through reading. I'm just looking at the total 839. By the way, in case you tune in late. Final Sandulation. On that very important blog poll by Greg Co. Texas and Miami Herald has been going on for two weeks now. They did the run offs. And then we had the finals. And the primaries and the final. Fake at whatever. Total finals. Favorite sports talk I had found. Jim Man is 589. Joe Rose 462. We sure wish we had him back. Hank Ober 317 and bring up the rear. Danny LeBastard 226. Least favorite. Dan LeBastard 599. Well, that's a scary total. The Humber 448. Said the kid 235. And oh, the big O 108. Rock solid. Final tabulation. Head the head. Noes to know is your favorite. Sputistation for sports. WQAM 10,543 votes. 790 to take a 3,012. A different dog. 71531. Very tight. Allen. Allen Brown. Oh, gee. There we go. He's going to talk about it. Yeah, right. That will be on this show. We're not paranoid. I always crashed me up with somebody. I said, well, I heard on another station. And then they like, well, I know if I can mention. Like, what do we care? No, Sam? They're like really upset about whether. I mentioned the color. Doesn't know this. What does that the week care about it? I've said it one thing, man. If you're in this business. Any refrain that somebody will mention the color. There's another radio station. You really are in need mental help in the rock business. Talk about paranoia. Here it is. This is in one. Protect the seals of the wet. The Humane Society. Yeah. By the way, that's Mike Francesa who walked. Mike Francesa walked off their show. Yes, that's not. Of course, just like the audience, why should he be different? They're all flying away from it. The Humane Society website says, I have distress. He news to share the largest commercial slaughter of marine mammals on the planet said to begin late March. By the end of the hundreds for different more than 300,000 seals have been clubbed or shot to death. Many of them babies is young as 12 days old. Last year, we're shocking. Ninety and a half percent of the seals killed were two months older, younger. And somewhere skinned while still conscious able to feel pain, lovely. We expect more of the sender in this year's song. Have I always screamed about this? Howard and carried out like a maniac? Yeah, it's about that. And it says, don't buy while seals die. Boycott Canadian seafood. Right. Says the Humane Society of the West will be in the front lines in Canada, fighting the Hollis atrocity. I ask that you stand with us today and stop the seal hunt forever. I'm going outside right after the show starts screaming like a banshee. Quick with the top and then baby seals you lunatics you butchers. Seal hunting is an offseason activity conducted by fishermen from Canada's East Coast. They are not ever just small fractured. They're in comes from seal hunting. The rest comes from commercial fisheries. Canada takes in nearly three billion dollars annually from sea for experts to the US. It connects between commercial fishing industry and the sea of hunting. Canada gives consumers all over the world of power to when the vicious slaughter of seals. And this thing is, uh, got a, it's on the, what's the website? Humane Society of the West. Humane Society at hsuwess.org. Oh, but you don't have the balls to talk about. How about college to talk about when George is picking and choosing what he's going to send to me? Okay. Well, I thought it was coming forward. You know what? The George isn't going to send to me. Stuff from like a lie, Ellen from the scribblur and all the chronic. That's all. The rest of it. I'll make the decisions. All right. I'll take a book boss from now on. All right. So that afternoon after you like I'm trying to cover up for the butcher in addition to his always yell what I said. You boring ass stories all the time. Who said this was a boring ass story? This is sickening. It's disgusting. Just like to think about the, my next story about the 22 puppy and the 22 accused of using puppies. Which badly they're talking about yesterday. That was the beginning of the very beginning of his show. I couldn't believe it. Hi, scroll and gildy. He's got to be a dog lover. To the voice like that. How are you doing on the sand? What he said. Well, who's more of an animal over than I am, except of course for the extremist animal. Overs. The ones who want to get a little bit too close and personal. I make me uncomfortable about that. You know what I'm saying? No. I've all the way up in my dear to BCLV story from the city of Washington. I ever sent that. I hope not. I don't know. 9, 842. Well, we better get with it now. We might not make our 45,000 by 10. This is new. Right. 5,500 million more in selling brown. Eat your parts out. Stay in the loser. You go, Mr. Boots. And I've lived in it. To dwell on it now. All right. I was sleeping in the park. Just trying to take a sin to take. I can't promise. In the dark. It's a lovely black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing up blood. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I'm right on the air. Don't know. Why this happens? I took the clothes to the head. They took off. They were left. They left me here today. I've got a ass. For they high on drugs. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I'm lying. And heart and wound. They took those baseball fates and swam on like they bruised. Like they asked the parents why. They raised their kids this way. I've got a lot of prison time. They'll be the price they paid. What they've been in jail with all those other first days. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Just for their halibus. Tomah 3 at 5. I expected a policy on a fax machine. All right. And you get one yet? No, it's beeping. Maybe that's it. Yeah. I read that story to give me a son. You don't have the balls for me to stir. Well, what is that? Like you're trying to protect the Canadians. Listen, now that they got these fases here running. We're going to protect the candidates. They got those прев井 pongensings here in their Fat alrededor. Then they reached through entry to be the only one going to get the reactions to the holes and get these sh reindeer. But yeah, it's really real.部分. Very praise for them. They say they're always doing what they wanted to do on We can't have them. That's why it's looking for. Sitting there, even free lunch and censoring and picking and choosing what that old Fag is going to tell you. We got these all the time as you know that we already had you. You all look like that. That was in our website. You should have asked Josh. He follows the story. It was like really silly. You could ask him for like six weeks ago. And then you have the story on there about that prostitute that was like doing the Judging. And he would say, oh yeah. Every fact that we get from a pedopryzed memory. He's actually a lot of animal thing. He's getting defensive. You'd go nuts and you'd yell. What? We get everything. We get everything. It was on the pedopryzed. It was about baby seals man. I'm not that sickening. It's disgusting. Some human. I never said that all the people in this shit were saying. It's got nothing to do with the problem. And every time I hit him with I hit him with I hit him. That's a bunch of them. Hurties of them. Im fishermen people. Yeah. And here it is. Oh. Oh. Thank you Neil. I just wanted to get the info out there about the seals. Love you. Well, see. They hated me like five minutes ago and how they love me. Well, I understand. See, this is what happens inside the building too. I get all the I get all the grease. They hate me like poison because you. That's the dirty work. I'm the visitor the way around. They hate you because well, like well, whatever. Now, let's just face it. They hate us. That's it. That's because we're associated with a show. They just hate us. I just can't believe that nobody in that place came in. I mean, you see, they have no sense of humor. We lies there's all kinds of stuff going on. I get a lot of fish to fry speaking of seafood. You need to readjust or maybe three people in the building listening to you now or ever. Yeah. Miguel. Doug. Tommy. Doug. I think I'm done. That's the. Oh, yeah. Right. So the people that you're expecting their response or something. How come Tommy didn't come in. They're not a good going guy. He's going to be like a work. I'm going a couple of them. Fat ones. Not even care about them. I need to do as anybody else for that. No, that but that isn't deployed. You're missing the whole point of the whole. I just you are. No, I'm not. I don't care about them either. I couldn't give her flying crap less about them. I would listen to them if you paid me by the. By the middle second. So that's going to do with it. Just the idea of we're in a business. We're here to compete compete compete. You understand that is anybody. I don't think Tommy gets ratings bonuses. That's not the point. He's not going to make any rating bonus from this bonus from this. I'm not going to make any rating bonus. Because that's what the total was. I'm on. See, what a what a. I understand about the. I understand most of the people already press because they're in that building and there's around with his loom and doom. I thought that now we had to do regime and of course, Red keeps showing up all the time because he got nothing else to do. And he's on the payroll. So we got to teach the busy work looking like he's doing something. And that probably like this. We're cast a dark Paul two over the proceedings. Good. God. Just just get out of there for a while. Great. Let's let the air clear out. Open up the windows. Let's have a little cleansing experience. I saw him packing his office yesterday. Who's that? Great. He was packing up. He's packing. Oh, God. I'm seeing how close to show you. Just put me in the best mood that let's see. And the week maybe just hang around for one more week. One more week. You think? Yeah. He was packing his stuff up. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, right. All right. Well, all right. For staff. Oh, right. But I'm a he and I. The 8k 4 to 7 for the mad dog after Curtis from the BAC. The bank at Landa Kiantha Rintis Center. Panther P. Go with seven of Panthers in the Atlanta treasures. Now you better go out and see that game. You like an exciting hockey game. Atlanta scores a ton of goals. They're saying they got you. You're a covaled chuk and you got Mary and host. And every first to go in a Mary and was it's John Wayne. And learned and Troy. Let him art as in Troy. Stratford after the hockey game. Man, let her line up on. I don't see she's too got in there. Twenty two accused and using so he was clean out his desk. No, he was putting you know like pictures and frames and things away. And he out his orifice. Oh, he was taken out his orifice. God, that must have taken long. Over the last seven years. I've been so many QM heads in there. It's just you know what I'm saying. That's what they all got. I bet you when he started doing that. He had to remove maddy bell first. They probably had to bring an acclaim to surgery. Remove him from Greg's. That's the drug enforcement administration. That's that's that. See that whole episode we just went through. I realized to most people that would not be very extraordinary. But you see you understand the psychology of the way people think. In other words, if they if they snap their fingers, I'm supposed to respond. You know, you're supposed to care about what they care about. Line your right about those 85 page facts as we get many times. We've already got on our website not only that day, but sometimes a day or two before. Days old stories redundant stories. But by at least they're involved. They're trying to be helpful. Even though we hate them like poison for wasting our fast paper, but nevertheless, they're at least they're trying to be involved. That's not what I'd call it. Like I said, to be an irritant and they're doing a good job of it. Look at me. The drug enforcement administration arrested 22 Colombian nationals for smuggling heroin in the US by various methods, including surgically implying the drugs in the puppies official sequence. Now that's the news of the story. Yeah, I saw it in its outrageous. There's a little puppy looks just like tiny. How could they couldn't use cats? Now that's a thought. That is an excellent idea. Just ripped their gut open and shove it in there. Yeah. The Colombian organization brought more than 20 kilograms of heroin in the US. A, concealing some of that by sitting open pure bread puppies are going to John P. Gilbrad, the DEA's New York Field Division Special Agent and Chargen A news release. At least we puppies died from having liquid heroin packets placed inside them, and then being stitched back up, oh, Jesus Christ. Human careers are swarrowers, also ingested the heroin packets to transport them overseas. The group also had drugs in body creams, aerosol cans, and along the lining of purses and luggages. Drug smugglers often rely on careers to swarrow condoms full of drugs, and one Colombia and woman was once found with cocaine surgically implanted in her buttocks. Back them. Your organizations outrageous and heinous smuggling. Was that what you call it if they implanted in her buttocks when they be heinous smuggling? What else would you call it? Back them. There are outrageous and heinous smuggling method of implanting her with inside puppies. The two indication of the extent that drug dealers go to make their profit. This investigation identified the individuals are responsible for overseeing and smuggling millions of dollars worth of heroin from Colombia to the East Coast. And now we got that Colombian radio station down there, Rodio Svabe. Yeah. What is that called? Oh, you would know, kind of cool. What are you, I got, got a cool. Very good. Don't sneeze. Come on, cool. You haven't heard of you? Well, what? I don't understand other than little joy. Do we know any Colombians about how much I love my little joy? I love how much I love my little joy. But I call out, but I'm not going to stand still for that. I still like all of these. I do a pretty good Gilbert. Yeah, yeah, you do. Yes. You heard of it, huh? Me, I should have. Me, my snake. Yeah. Hitler. Hitler. But that's Gilbert. If anybody doesn't know it, the does Hitler. Unless you want to think you'll hear from him on here. More than $20 million worth of heroin is involved in BC News reported. Wednesday's arrest with a combination of a two investigation identified a drug trafficking organization based in Mediincolumbia, who's distribution of why we just bomb Colombia for Christ's police. At least he was child. He's got the world there. In Venezuela's coming. I don't think so. And why is that? Why not? They just don't. Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways. You figured they don't need where they got all them drugs, right? Who's distribution ever reached for Miami the University? Miami. There we go again. Drugs in Miami. What a concept. In January of last year, Felicent Colombe. I found six puppies with scars on their abrimons at a rural property. ultrasound scans. We've got bags of liquid heroin hidden inside living animals. Police had traffickers planned to retrieve the drug once the dogs passed customs abroad. I don't want to say past customs. What does that mean? The dog has to pass cousin to have to take their shoes off. Does he drugs sniffing dog to take heroin inside another dog? It's not answer to the question. What about if the heroin's inside the drugs sniffing dog? Uh huh. But they had to understand about that. I think what I was starting to like checking out the dogs is that it would be other way around. Colombe is the world's largest producer of cocaine in the main supplier of heroin to the USA. And guess who's the largest supplier of those copies huh? Afghanistan. Afghanistan. Now we're talking. That's there. That's there. That's there. Only industry when you come right down to it. We did a hell of a job there again. And I'll have to understand. But we got to have honey cars. I entered it from the Unicall, from the board of directors of Unicall. That's another oil pimped. All the oil pimped all the time. We told you right on this fat ass show a long time ago when he first started that back and all. This is about two things only. OIL and ML Lenny wine here we are like almost five years later. And it turned out the old thing was right. Told ya. You'd have to be a rocket scientist to see that. In fact, it worked even commenting. A couple of shots there about all this business about nothing dependent on Middle East oil and unstable countries. And Cheney sitting behind with his VDIs rolling around like a pinball machine. And people are saying it's a little bit incredulous to whole thing because since Bush and Cheney are both up to their ears and oil. They're in the oil business man with the bin Laden. Remember the thing? Oh yeah, I was in business with this five and the olive oil business. I didn't know that got thought of it. Yeah, that's right. I was in business with this five and the olive oil business. Cheney, co oil. Seriously, every line, every scene in that movie just it just it captures your whole existence. Please, I got to take the control. I think every day. I don't get how many take all getting you what? Great. Come on. Who did I just mention? Who did I just say? Like 10 seconds ago did he just flashed on CNN? Tom made cars I did oil pimped from Afghanistan. Mm-hmm. I'm telling you my psyche powers. If they worked as well as the track is they do on a year here and like the rest of the day, I'd be loaded. I wouldn't have to be here sitting and fighting like crazy for a bunch of Wimpy sports nerd guys. We don't want to. This, facing Middle Rogers, I saw it. This, this five 16, 16, 18. It's the day, what's that? Well, I've ran in Lincoln. That's a credit, I drove up in the hill. You want to insurance? And recall how it happened well. It still gives me chills in what a weirdo. Followed my map of Star House and Shanks. And was shot to see. Sitting on her front porch was handling a dawn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I walked them like I knew her. Hey, do I know you? I saw her as a day. Yeah. But the car of Bonstar did work in them for her. It was too late. Was her in my car and rolled over with no sound. Now she works my queen and her, my paper crown. Look at the stupid crap on me. And I've got Angelina's your means. And my basement. And I think I'll keep her there with me. And charge her red man. I won't you go mine. I won't let you find that she likes the cement. I think I've made it back. How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie and my basement. Don't be happy. Watch cancer, Fridd. Hold her in my name. But I bet you give your blessings. And I'll make you happy. And Jolie, the choline locked down in your basement. I'll give her my dog. I'll do it. Don't hurt her precious. I'll hurt your dog with that. I'll push the dog into the basket. Get rubbed, slow, shnong. It's scented, does this whenever it's cold. Oh, my 10 at five, 60, WC, we got 894. 891, what her hell says there? Almost 9-her of homework. We're going to get that 1000 just as easy as Roman Oberlin on the plane did. Like her sports nerds. We don't laugh. Oh, here's this update on the worm. You got the worm yet? Not that one. A computer, this is from Hong Kong. Because today was supposed to be the day. They always do it. Like that same thing with the Y2K crab. There's a worm coming, Y2K. All the computers all over the world are going to crash. You're like, we're just going to go on. You know, take it back on it. You're kind of a scary, you know? How many stupid people? And that, of course, the really stupid people believe all the crap. That's what they're hearing too. A computer where I'm expected to begin corrupting files in affected machines around the world Friday, because no major jam would damage an Asian financial center of Hong Kong and Tokyo. Maybe they've got good machines over there. Experts had worms that they were known as Commissutra, CNE24, BlackWorm, or MyWife.E. Good for up, documents using the most common file types, including .voc.pdf and .zip. It's well pasted online, but we haven't confirmed any cases of the Commissutra in Japan, which suggests we're not looking in a major outbreak. It's a zero-nissimoto, an executive is a Tokyo based computer security company LAC, said that Friday afternoon there are time. He called the threat of an attack a bluff, and said even if a editor uses can easily protect their files with standard precautions. They're like that Northern anti-virus. Oh, right. Boy, do I hate that thing? Me too. A manager at Hong Kong's official coordination center for computer emergency, said he hadn't received any reports, or calls for help from those infected by the worm. It begins spreading late last month, but we haven't received any calls in the past two weeks. We don't expect to receive any of the either Roy Co. said, Kyo is in Kyo. Rounds with a big. Oh, the worm is believed to have infected hundreds of thousands of computers, mostly in India, Peru, Turkey, and Italy, finished security company F. Secure said earlier this week. Unlike other worms, generally designed to help spammers and hackers carry out attacks, Black worm couldn't click more damage because it sits out to destroy documents, using the most common file types. It also tries to disable outdated anti-virus software. Maybe this is a worm is the one that, it's got rid of all those documents they had about the, in the White House there, Jack Abramac. Oh, those documents. Yeah. And the, all the emails. Yeah, a leak, all those, right. But Kyo said he wasn't worried. Our assessment of the worm damage isn't serious. Big car corporations will surely be able to avoid it. They update their anti-virus software frequently enough. We're more worried about individual users and small businesses. There was also no sign that government offices have been affected. Said, maybe this we, a spokeswoman for the Commerce Industry and Technology Bureau. Maybe this we, H.U.I. we. And now with your words always said, we, he likes it. And they're baiting. 897, man. Like heaven and I told you, if you're a sportsman, or not got the Super Bowl car, even George is going to be watching. What the fuck? Yeah. 6 o'clock, 6 p.m. B. there, be square. We love the steel or is there really? Are we, are we love the sea or house? I don't care. I just, I can't get, all that excited about it. Because I really, really and truly, as much as I wanted to see the sea of this beat the crap out of the cold, strawberries, reasons. I don't like the cold. I'm bigger for him. He said, the sea of the beat out of the cold. Denver. Did I say beat the Broncos? Do you know what I just said? Yeah. Oh. Well, you know what I was saying. Okay. And they did. But nevertheless, I just, I don't, I don't like a billkower. I can't stand a whole thing with a jaw. And at first, the yellows concerned, you know, my home room, it looks like he's the head too much of that Wisconsin cheese, you know? When he was in green bay. I guess the devil, huh? We're going to refresh the yellow. I have this. Well, there you go. I'll check. I don't care who wins. I just want to see you. Oh, you've got a pen on them. Now come on. No time. You don't have a big pen. Yeah, you're right. I got with Hank earlier over the morning. We got over his under. We got over an under 47. Yeah. What the spread. Yeah. That's the spread. The rope price. Yeah. She's the quicker picker upper. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the Verizon, singular wireless on kind of a large you can't have to do it on here. You know, we're kind of, you know, I'm doing right now. What are you doing? I said, I could be sitting on one of the little rings you said I want to got bad words. It's called resting on your laurels. He's up at the club. That's what that's called. Your laurels, which is a racetrack by the way, Maryland. In Baltimore, I believe. 902. In fact, isn't that where a Pimnotist Pimnotist Pimnotist I'm sorry. Same difference. 902. How much of a sports nerd are you? I'm a fan, not a nerd. 25. I have so much risk but not big time. I'm not the ones that I'm not obsessed. There's nothing worse than being obsessed with games with ball games. Oh, Jesus. You know, I hate everybody 81. Total nerd 44. It's like these people in a hockey here. The board had coach of the Leafs will be a board and how? Okay. Good. I hate this pool 42. I love the shower with the guys 41. I have no interest. Like George 38. I mean, who cares? You know, I'm not for the sorority. I hate spectators sports 36. Only for gambling purposes 21. I only watch one sport and I'm team. Is there anything else besides sports 12 or Clarence voters for that? I'm sure. And I'm a Jackson if I. Oh, 11. He also voted for that. How is Clarence? You come in here and congratulate us on our phenomenal job. Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not even Tommy. How will he probably have to lunch? I would have not. Either batteries working fever is still in there. Maybe what did the two looking couple of drug deals? Got a great story here but I think it's too long. I already said that I'm not sending no more stories. Not something major happened because I don't want to do that. 27 stories are going to get your all like bummed out on the weekend. Okay, put too much pressure. Do you got to do it? You know, I got to window cracked open. It was actually too warm in here. Well, you're not not that hot today. But and somebody's cooking something. Maybe next door. Oh, good or good. Like currith. No, not currith. Second period. Five on three. Glenn Murray. Tattoos. One has two ways. Uh, actually is 40. It's kind of murky looking and gloomy. It's raining a little bit. A little dripping. You know, like it's like an Amsterdam drip. You ever had the Amsterdam drip? Not lately. I'll depends on what party your body is dripping from. But, uh, yes, not 40. But anyway, something that's like pasta sauce. Hmm, which I can't eat my pasta. But boy, do I love it? Is there you know? Anybody doesn't love like the skinny? You know, anybody? No, that that, uh, not that I think of. I mean, I mean, there's some vegetarian. So obviously, aren't you going to say, you know, if we say it well, nobody doesn't like it would stay. But there are vegetarians who don't eat meat. So we have to exclude them, right? But as far as this, we are, I guess they won't be eating no meatballs with this beginning. Like the Italians don't eat meatballs with their pasta. They would laugh at you if you said that. But for the training, the Italian, uh, tried to read and say, I'll have, I mean, I mean, I pizza with the pepperoni. And of course, in Italy, pepper and cheese, like peppers. So they'll give you, right? So like, hot peppers on. Ooh, don't think it. Well, but I'm just saying there's no shit. There's no shit. I think there's a happy rony, okay? There's art rony, but there ain't no happy rony. They keep rony. In January, the powerful Alexander Stranger's Group shut down his public operations faster than Mercen's peddling paramedic DVDs on Canal Street, who heard the cops run away. The wall connected with public and lobbying from founded and run by former senior Stemphers and Battlehouse Majority Leader Tom Delay explained that the publicity from the Jack Abramov mega scandal is fatally damaged its business. On the surface it appears to be the fall of a major player in the GOP's case project, which is made lobbying a highly partisan industry, but don't count out ASG. I'll read you quoted the Washington Post most of his lobbyists are setting up a successor firm. While ASG spins its problems as collateral damage from the Abramov interference hardly division of an Aaron Public Relations bomb, Una Bomba, in fact the firm was deeply entangled in several of the Washington scandals. It's swift shut down off as a rare extra of the elaborate lobbying shell game that trades access to look at a government contract for funds to fill the campaign war chest keeping Republicans in power. Founded by Delay's former Chief of Staff Ed Buckham ASG was a centerpiece of this game, and recent report public citizen lays out the rules. In this partnership, corporations, creative associations and lobbying firms are pressured to hire only Republicans, those lobbyists then help Republican leadership to whip the on the outside to get Republican members of the House to vote for leadership's legislative agenda. The lobbyists also raising enormous amounts of money from their clients to ensure that Republicans are made the majority in Congress. For this field, the leadership grants the lobbyists access to the decision makers and provides legislative favors for their clients. And the story goes on as long as there is, it will be on our website tomorrow, or else. Twenty-seven past no, and if you tuned in late, you know something, if this point I don't care if anybody else in the building gives a crap or not, because we need the phenomenal job. Yeah, we're not looking for like an extra bonus or something. Yeah, we are. Even even for a pat on a backstain, well, what a great job guys, even by hooker by Croquio, you just done it. You got the masses whipped up to a frenzy out there, and we put them in their place and kicked their ass. And you think, especially since they're the ones that are all whipped up about those losers across the street, we don't care, right? Right? So we, because in the fact that they were too whistling to get up to the plate, you know, like Ross Perl, we said, you got to step up to the plate, roll up your savings and do, do, do, and these guys, that's what they did, all right. They were doing, until we stepped in. Croquio? That's what they were doing. Man. Looks like fat boy been attacking the walls in that tea room again. This is a meal ruggers. This is 5.16. And my God, your breasts are beautiful. You can't even play. Better have a good sleep. You can't even play. You really know about me, that man. And get his time to pay for all your crap. And pray to sin you will be serving heart out. Take any plate. You food and run in the red. And pay for the plate. Go to prison for a while. Taxes you didn't pay. You can't even just pay. He is so pale in front of you. And ploying. Such a boob. And now you're going to the Panic Reg. And play. So Greg Reed is looking at his orders. I'll pick up all the pictures and stuff. How did you see that? Were you expecting that? I just wanted to be walking by. Yeah. Walk on by. Peered in there and see, hey Greg, what are you doing in there? I'm just looking at my stuff. Get out of here. Bye Greg. Maybe now you're about to grab the reins and we're to kick some ass. You can't even see it. Oh Jesus. Hey, Deon. How's that psychic network coming with the watchening from power 96? Bo. Bo, you won't see bone on. Or you can't vote for Bob. Or you can't vote for Bob. You don't even know, Bob. And Joe. I think that was a mass made in Burgerton between Bo, and Joe Costella. That's your body man. Good times. We sure turned on him or he turned on us. He just added him. He loved talent. What does that mean? He went to Washington, D.C. Like, as he's back and everything. There's no turning as far as I'm concerned. What do you mean he's back? He just went. Sometimes he still lives here technically. No. All right. No, he was there and he hates it. Okay. And he said that in some radius and disgrace. Media largely ignored Fitzgerald revelation that White House made the story emails, because we just mentioned this and you made some smart S comment. Few, it's a long story. I'm just going to read a couple paragraphs because I want to put a people in a coma. Few major news outlets have covered the fact first reported by the New York Daily News that in letter to Iowa, school or libby's defense attorneys, special counsel, Patrick F. J. Fitzgerald said that numerous emails from 2003 are missing from the White House computer archives. Okay. This is a nice and difficult sentence, I'm sure. They just happened to be missing. A February 1 nearer gave a news article by staff writer James Gordon Meek reported that in a recent letter to defense attorneys for that scooter, libby. Patrick Fitzgerald said those emails are missing from the computer archives in the White House. A media matters for America survey have coverage following the publication of each article found that most major news outlets with only a few exceptions have ignored this story. On October 28, 2005, a grand jury ended Libby. We know about that, but we put a book. Media matters examined in cable and network news coverage on February 1, 2004, B.M. Bill midnight and February 2, 2006 to 10 a.m. also looked at newspaper and wire coverage on February 1 and 2. For mentions of this letter following the publication of Meek's article, the survey found that only these certainly not news never see an end. The associated person in New York sun have devoted any substantial coverage to Fitzgerald's revelation. Probably just a coincidental. So we're going to answer, I hand this in my problem. I'm going to move it up because now you're beginning off the 60 years. It's relaining through heights again. Observe our minds or far. One quick last question, the wrap of the suck. What needs to be done to diffuse this situation? You can only imagine if they have the South Park episode with a virgin Mary on there. Oh, brother. Can you imagine if my hand would have been there? You know, well, the fitting blood from his right over the people's face. That'll be next. Oh, boy. Well, they're, see, one thing about the Muslims man, when they get pissed off, they don't just, you know, they get all the fuck off. They don't like that at all. You better do something about it. No, they don't say that. Although the Indian stuff like that, but nevertheless, protest against European newspapers, publication of cartoons, I'm putting me profit my hand with Game Momentum across the Islamic World yesterday as Pakistani schoolchildren burned French and Danish flags and Muslim President Presence denounced the drawings. The cartoons even do as very to her head this much plaque. No. At the same time, more European news organizations printed abroad cast the characters, setting a need to defend freedom of expression. One thing about them, Europeans, man, they don't take it lay and down. Well, sometimes they do. So that I heard. In another day of confrontation between the largely second of the nations of European Muslim countries where religion reigns as strong, force and daily life, Islamic activists threatened more widespread protests in boycotts of European Venice. While some European officials often defuse the crisis, many journalists insisted that despite Islamic outrage, religious sensibilities shouldn't result in censorship. We would have done exactly. You know, like I had one of these spokesman on our news last night saying, they're making fun of our religion, and of course, yeah. And, exactly. So, Yamama, we would have done exactly the same thing. We would have been a pop rapist or priest caricature wrote editor-in-chief Serge Fulbert and through his editions of France Swar, one of the newspapers that printed the cartoons. Mahmoud, a Hashem, Mahmoud, a Fulbert, a Mahmoud, a Mahmoud, a Mahmoud, a Mahmoud, a Mahmoud. As in, Fus Mahstu. Mahmoud has shamed a businessman and Saudi Arabia reflecting broadsem and in Muslim societies called the cartoons, just another example of a sport to insult Islam and Muslims after the attacks of 911. Under Islamic teachings, any depictions in Bahamundi, Faitz Fahd, are a messenger of God, is blaspheming, fleeing depictions that are not negative. In other words, even if it was like a good guy, wow. I have a really good photograph, kind of ink drawing. Right. Like real snappy dresser like me. The cartoons violated that dictum in many of the most are ridiculed the prophet. And what he's depicted as a terrorist with his turban holding a bomb with a burning fuse. Oh, now bomba and the turban. And a shmata. Political aimless from both sides described the newspapers putting up the cartoons as a dangerous settlement and a conflict that's already alienated to the growing Muslim populations of West European nations and hardened extremist in both camps. European. That's right. That's right. I was under Adler, author of Ron Devo with Islam, criticized the newspapers, where the war he said, said to the Iraq Conservancy, you know, this craft that, in other words, basically the saying or guess is that the whole world is at war with Islam, is that what he's saying? Well, that's what he'd like. Yeah. Not so evidently, his take is take on it. The European trade commissioner, Peter Mandelsson said, they continued printing of the cartoons with throwing petrol onto the flames. Technology would desire to stand up for press freedom. He said newspapers must understand the offense that is caused by publishing cartoons of this nature. But more than those organizations continued to display the cartoons. Yes, they included the BBC, which said it helped give audiences not understanding of the strong feelings he worked by the story. And if those folks don't like it, submen dreary, they said. Well, it was BBC, guys. What a sense of humor, huh? Cumb and dreary, my ass. In the West Bank, city of Nablus, Palestinian government kidnapped the Germans, so this is from a hotel restaurant, and threatened to seize more foreigners. He was later released. Because they're peoed at cartoons that he'd even draw. Right? Like that. That will teach your people to read the newspaper. I don't know. Mohammed, Dan Germans, even if it was Dutch. Here's a fact that says, from who's this from Jim? Larkin awarded damages after scrooed him burn. The chairman of the Donacle County City Council has been awarded damage for an injury suffered during a football game 13 years ago. And received widespread newspaper coverage this morning. Where is this? This must be in the Ireland. I was so out of that. Donacle County? The football association of Ireland. Yeah, blah, blah, blah. Are you, you're on top of a man? Was her to pay? Uh, desi, Larkin, 9,000 euros. Every severed burns to his crotch. After coming into contact with a line used to mark lines on the pitch. Oh, watch where you step on the pitch. It's a bitch. Well, I've got news for him and the brits are just there. There's no hope for the world. You can scream about the ragheads all you want for the brits. And October 93 was playing for Bonnigas Celtic in a match with Donacle Town, during which time line came into contact with his testicles. I wonder if Bud Foster remembers line time. I'm sure he does. What if Bud's still around? There were no showers at the pitch when, uh, Larkin or Wolf the next morning. He was in pain having been referred to a hospital like in some confirmed. His testicles had been burned. I've heard of burning love before, but this is ridiculous. The just said had to be in showers available. The injury might have been averted. It was the defense he's possibly the warm players of the rest. Thank you very much, Jimmy. And you're knocking all these showerings and, uh, showers. That's right. You've got to go in there and shower the guys, man. You might be there for the burning in your groin. Of course, if you shower too much with the guys, you might have a different kind of burning in your chest. This is easy needle Rogers. I'm picking, I guess that's the definition now of what really old is. If you can remember time before there was television, you're old. Yeah, like me, right, ancient. Can you even imagine? No, a time when we had no TV? No. Well, what did you do? I mean, uh, what was your life or what was, uh, you know, you had got caught polio and died young? Oh, is that it? A series of fires damaged six rural Alabama churches overnight. Investigators today are trying to determine whether they were arson or, you know, it rainigants as God surely is man. He's pissed off off. See? Yeah. I just had like a little griff there. I think God is pissed off of me. You can't don't be a take in this too lightly now. Most of the churches were baptized. Located in your major highways and all the one we're in Bib County. Not 25 miles south of Burma, Han. The other church in Chilton County had been out of going construction, which could have been a source of the fire, said, Reagan, England. I wonder if he's kind of like David, Graham, or England. Maybe Dan, England. He was sobbing. A spokesperson for the State Insurance Agency that oversees fire investigations. That church knew how many baptism therapy was destroyed. No rest of the made us of today. Yeah. In 1996, race was effected for in a series of arson's at the end of rural black churches now, Alabama and elsewhere. But ingram said the fire is like Thursday, early day. The historic both the churches of predominantly black congregations and predominantly white congregations. So I guess maybe he's spreading them around. The arsonists. Maybe it's a racially, you know, fear arsonist. He wants to win and doubt even without. Don't like Baptists. Jim Parker, remember the Ashby Bampton Church School of WBRC. Television and Birmingham. He understood the fire. He began near the pulpit and that the fires at other churches had a similar pattern. This is a collection in God. He's surely mad. This is like a reducing rain. He's just a rain-eaten. Talking about that chocolate city, chocolate. Speaking of priests, this is going to be another one of the stories somebody made up because I just don't believe these things, you know. I think it's part of that liberal media propaganda all the time. It's a fact in the church. For damn sure. For sure, lady. The investigation they were targeted in official accused of molesting an eastern Ontario altar boy decades ago involved in false accuses and several other communities with a priest literally said yesterday. And arrest was finished with for my senior Bernard Prince 71. It would taried Vatican official accused of assaulting a 12-year-old altar boy and the town of Wilna, Ontario in the late 60s before he eventually moved to Rome to work for the Vatican. Oh boy. I'll actually have an a field there and I've field, but a field there. He's feeling it. Sergeant Christine Ray Schalat. Schalat. Said the matter could move to rest edition proceedings. Prince continues to ignore an arrest warrant issued after charges were laid last October. You get laid last October? Probably not. In the meantime, she said investigators were looking at other claims and other parts of Ontario even in the USA. We have allegations from different communities said racial A. It's become quite extensive. I can't say how many complaints there are. But in fact Prince did live in Wilna, Ottawa, Penbroke and Areim prior to Toronto and Kingston as well as in the States too before the American. It's an extensive investigation. So far, Prince only faces a charge of labor when assaults a ledger assault is former cottage and a small southern Ontario town of Wilna. We do hope that it comes back to deal with everybody deserves a name court racial A said, where for a Peter Poole of the Dicis of Pember say nothing about the allegations and they never received any complaints about Prince. Prince is denied being notified of the allegations but racial A insistent he had been a call of the charges ordered to return to Canada or else say, although the Pember dieci's kept the record of its priest career history, Poole said a detail list of Prince's postings would not immediately available. And of course not about he did this one, he did that one. The controversy just ladies has dragged the Catholic Church in Ontario this year. Charles Sylvester, 82 of Bel River faces 42 sexual assault charges, including in these and assault rape and attempted rape. Although, you know what most of it, gang rape is, a hoot. Now what he said? David Mouthooter. Okay, let's take a look by the way, case you missed it, we kicked their ass over there down the street, the esports nerds. How much of esports nerd are you? That's our pool today on Super Bowl weekend, even George is all excited about he's hoping to see some more boobies on there. Well, and I wouldn't have to say it if you missed it, I'm sure you missed it the Janet Jackson thing, oh hardly saw 50,000. Probably. That day. How much of esports nerd are you? I'm a fan, not an or a three, fifteen. I have some interest but not big time to 80. In other words, I could take it or leave it. I hate everybody, 89. Total nerd 47. I love to shower with the guys 44. It's not very nice for the nice long white towel. I hate this pool 43. I have no interest for it. I hate spectators for 38. Only for gambling purposes 23. Don't be bent on that Super Bowl this weekend. You asshole go to jail, I'm telling you right now. Bill Bennett's going to come to your house and take your ass away. I only watched one sports 21. I'm a Jackson ever 13. Is there anything else besides sport? Only a dozen. 13 Jackson ever. But we have to have things nasal passages. Yeah we do. Some work. Huh? I'm not talking about that, but never live. But your presence is not in total. It's not. Too bad we don't have time to play with. But you know something when we come back. There might be a damn good chance. This is a real Roger. This is by 162AZ. The one heads. It's the one to do our. Every time I have. You've got your. I can't control it. It's not much too slow. All that you can't. Got it this way. It's like the snow. Not the cold. Pretty. It's made of heart. It's dead. That's why you're all. Always go to keep after days of heart. It's just. He's got a key to it. He's got a key to it. He's got a. He's got a. He's got a. He was born in so many. He's so kind and dumb. He's got a key with you. Always. But. Life of the party is always. David. If that's it or two. It's all up. Friend. And the days of heart. It's just. That's it. It's all up. We have the days of heart. It's just. I've got my chicken and hold it. My. That's all. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Yes. How many. I'm. I'm. I'm. Once. Okay. Me. And. I saw George. We just looked at each other. You saw George. I want here. It's a picture. How many votes have we got in the pool so far? We got a thousand coming to two o'clock. And I have a feeling. No. I don't know what got in these people. I guess they got pissed off to with his lack of musicalist kind of. Loss a fear attitude of the rest of these people. We don't want. Yeah, they got pissed off about that. Freestend commentary when the audience has to go to bed first and most of our guys are like just laying out waiting for the steam roll to run them over. What's that all about. Oh, this. Speaking of John Banner, which is how your pronounce his name. My bag yesterday. Generally, House Republicans have chosen a high representative John Banner over Republican word. One is their new majority leader. Banner will replace Tom and Hammer delay. The hammer. Now facing Trump from money laundering and other charges in Texas. The parties, chorus, is cut up to celebrate Banner as a new start. A clean contrast to the foul odor corruption that provides this Congress. This is on Tom Paine. Tom. Good luck. It says, Banner, lot of supporters say bridge across Republican factions has paved that bridge with a cold cash of special interest money. Banner, a leader of New King, which is 94 tick over the house. As renowned and washed in for maintaining a perpetual tan from Florida, John's. Limberly hopping on corporate jets dispense by lobbyists and raising tons of cash from K-Stream. His life is beach parties for rich donors are his notorious signature. And he first came to public attention by giddling dispensing sex from tobacco executives on a House floor a decade ago. Banner touts change with the link of the eye. Yes, I am cozy with lobbyists to wash them post through porcelain told his colleagues. While assuring them that he would not overreact at the jack-a-braw off-loving scandal, not curtailing the lavish travel and spending have a stiff come to enjoy. For a Republican caucus that can barely summon a majority to pass a ban on former members to her lobbyist using the House gym while crossing about anything approaching a real reform, Banner is a perfect choice. And for the rest of us, Banner for signifies how the cost of corruption and Washington gets passed on to an ordinary Americans. As chair of the Asikikian workforce committee is known as the representative from Sally May. Sally May is the leading provider of loans to college students and their parents and painters can sell data to this leadership by dispensing big box race from lenders and that campaign and party contributions. In fact, the Center for Responsive Paltice reports that Sally May is the biggest owner to Banner's political action committee called the Freedom Project. In return, he protects their interest. Most recently, he helped developers and pushed through legislation that may weaken the loan industry's competition, the direct student loan program, where students bypass Sally May and others embark directly from the government. While taking into their competition, Banner openly reassured bankers that they would not be harm greatly by this legislation as reported the chronic levitation in former group of bankers that take it as easy and hasty hands. College tuition is soaring and grant levels are keeping up. Under Banner's leadership Congress' refused to raise the top level of pell grants, despite repeated campaign pledges by Bush to do so. As a result, more and more students have to work far at time while taking on even greater levels of debt to pay for college. Already millions of having college priced out of their reach, millions more drop out on equal to sustain the burden of classes and work in debt. And those who do make it will find the difficult burden of paying those loans just got harder. The new pre-alreder that Republicans and Congress is rewarding the bankers that contribute to his campaigns by protecting their profits and threatening their competition. And in this most corrupt Congress, these portrayed as the reformer, when the stench gets this thick, it's no wonder that people start talking about clean misstables. If the shovels guys, if the shovels got them, I got several. Good. Speaking of that, Missoula Montana, everybody in Missoula, frequently. They're in misery. Two levels of life. Three hour drive. Scientists set on Thursday that there's a step closer to what's seen against a bacteria that causes one of the world's leading causes of blindness and a company common sexually transmitted disease. Research in the vaccine was a stall 25 years ago, but recent advances in DNA and algebraic led to a promising candidate for vaccine against comidia trigonitis, pretty tricky that comidia. Researchers how in colva and Deborah Crain said interviews yesterday, the bacteria causes the sexually transmitted disease comidia, which can cause pelvic inflammatory disease and infertility and women. The bacteria can also cause tracoma and infect to the eyes that can cause blindness, both disease treated with antibiotics. The colva and microbiologist Crain reported in a study released this week that antibodies to one protein may prevent infection by all 15 strains of comidia tracomitis. The study was released by the rockery mountain laboratories of the nestlands to the allergy and infectious diseases. Researchers at the lab in Hamilton, Montana, have been there? Yes. Oh, has been conducted in every bin and Shelby, though? Yes. Oh, don't go by. As been conducted in test tubes, test tube. But when I was on animal testing the scientists said, call us animal testing could be completely in two and three years in clinical trials and people would in five years. How do you like that? Bye-bye, Kenya. Maybe. What's this keeping off the fast machine here? Don't lose to it. Oh. Send me new stories? Did you want that? Yes. Oh, he is so easy man. You just have mess. I wouldn't want to upset Mark who said that story. You case. Oh, is everybody in Mark or chronic fracture on the heart of the vehicle? I'm going to be a little bit more. What are you trying to tell us Mark? I have no life. Okay. Let's see that. You may get sound like I'm grateful for this story. I'll let you know what they're going to be for now. No, we'll see how good it is. It says Judge Slam's XEPAT over 9. Oh, I got to, oh, let's set out this story. Oh, yeah. Here we go. I got to get to that in a minute. You know, the fact they dragged Cindy Xi out of there. Right? And that Republican from Florida, the Congress, and why? Well, we'll get to that in a minute. A federal judge blasted former EPA chief Christine Todd Whitman on Thursday for reassuring New Yorkers soon after 9.11. That it was safe to be killed. Their home is in office as well. Tuxig dust was polluting the hood. U.S. District Judge Deborah Bats refused to grant Whitman immunity against the class action lawsuit brought in 2004 by resident students and workers in Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn, who said they were exposed to hazardous materials from the destruction of the World Trade Center. No reasonable person would have thought that telling thousands of people that it was safe to return to Lower Manhattan while knowing that such return could pose long-term health risk and other dire consequences was conduct sanction by our laws the judge said. Flyer as judge. She called Whitman's actions conscious, conscious shocking saying the EPA chief knew that the collapse of the Twin Towers released tons of hazardous materials into the air. Look, they did just like they just dropped eight bombs. Whitman had no comment. But just as Department spokesman said the government had no comment. spokesman, spokeswoman Mary Mirrus said the EPA was reviewing the opinion, but it was pleased that the court had dismissed two or four civil prince against the agency, including allegations brought in the federal superfund law. The judge liked the lawsuit proceeding against the EPA and Whitman permitting the plaintiffs to try to prove the agency and an administrator endangered their health. The lawsuit sees unspecified damages and reimbursement for cleanup costs, and has the court toward a medical monitoring fund be set up to track the health of those exposed to trace and are dust. Your government really cares about you. Is there anybody who believes that? They care about your welfare. I care about those dangerous drugs that they're, yeah. Right. Only drugs they care about are those over the street drugs. Right. And you're going to throw your ass away for 20 or maybe even 30 minutes. And we're going to see you no more. Here's that story that you were uh, Jonathan for. Ready? Ready? Jeremy Skainhill on common dreams.org asks a 911 conscribiter and King Bush's court. While Cindy Sheen was being dragged from the House Gallery moments before President Bush delivered a statement in Dress for wearing a t-shirt honoring her son and they have a 224 years old child in Iraq. Turkey, Al Faisal, was settling into a scene inside the gallery. Faisal, a Saudi as a man who has met Osama bin Laden and his lieutenant son, at least five occasions, describing the Al Qaeda leaders a quite a pleasant man. He met multiple times with Taliban leader, Mullah Mohamed Omar, Mullahullah Omar. Yet unlike Sheen, Al Faisal was a welcome guest of President Bush 2 tonight. He's also a man that families more than six, seven victims of 911 attacks, believe, was connected to their loved ones deaths. Al Faisal was actually Prince Turkey, Al Faisal, a leading member of the Saudi world family, and the Kingdom's current ambassador to the USA, but the Volkivist were with Spendiff a Home of the Feared Saudi Intelligence Services from 1977 to 2001. Last year, the New York Times pointed out that he personally managed re-adverting relations with Osama, Mullah Omar, of the Taliban. Anyone else who had dealings with even a fractionally notorious characters, the Princess worked with over the years, would never make it past a US immigration counter, let alone to the most exclusive offices in Washington. Al Faisal was also named in a trillion dollar lawsuit filed by hundreds of 911 victim families, who accused him of funding bin Laden's network. Curiously, his 10-year-old Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end, 10 days before 911 attacks. Should I read that last sentence again? Curiously, his 10-year-old Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end, 10 days before 911 attacks. Nobody explained the circumstances under which he left his Assad Abu Khalil, author of the Battle for Saudi Arabia, worldly fundamentals and global power. We know for sure that he was tasked by the US government back in late 70s, and under a symbol of kind of a Muslim-finanical volunteer to help the US and the CIA and the fight against the Soviet Communist regime in Afghanistan. And of course, of doing that, this man is single-handedly most responsible for the kind of menace that these fanatical groups now pose to the world peace and security. He had very alfaisal set on Tuesday on his ass as President Bush spoke of his war on terror, and Cindy Sheen was being booked. At one point, the camera was even pan directly on alfaisal, listening intently to Bush. I'm going to do the break and I'll look it back. I don't want to rush through it. Those who might be fired people up there want to hear about it. I'll grow tests and get them all pissed off. We don't have any pissed off. We got to Super Bowl, so maybe football. You may have ball. Steve, there's one thing about the US today that's very disturbing is that people are so handsome. We know why. It's kind of like our sports guys. You know, you know, why not? What it is. Nothing seems to, it is a small crew of people. Back in the 60s, when young people started demonstrating everybody else they are jumping on the bad wagon of people, like riding in the streets and going crazy and getting shot to kids, they stuff like that. And now it's like, yeah, you got bigger fish to fry and I'm going to get more important crap to wear it on fried fish. Yeah. Not from Canada though. 113, it's 560, W.A.M. We got Curtis coming up at 2, Eddie K from the Yantos Center for the May of August 4. Panthers in the Atranger tonight. It's not too early to be thinking about Valentine's Day and if we want to spoil your wife or girlfriend this year, give her what she really wants a pajama grand. A pajama grand is a great twist on the idea of giving a relaxing gift. She'll receive the best pajamas delivered in a hat box to your love along with the lavender sashay. I'm gift card and I do not disturb sign all free. Sending a pajama grand only takes minutes, but she'll think you spend a month planning it. Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GivePJs. Find all the top brands from comfy to sexy. Great bath and body gifts too. All that's fast enough that women just love. Pusted packaging is amazing. She'll be so impressed. Hopefully what you're going to get return. A pajama grand is the perfect gift in best of all. They'll think if you're every time she puts them on. Shop now and have your pajama grand delivered overnight or run on Valentine's Day. Just call 1-800-GivePJs or do it online at pajamagram.com. As pajama grand.com, I'm sure you're in tell me that all ancient New Yorkers are given at the Yantos Center by 1-800-GivePJs. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. You're fair. In a place that feels just like a man day at the zoo. It's a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress. It's a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress. It's a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattress and a mattressə can you see the husband I'm not a white of them. Nice job, boys. I poppy. Anyway, getting back to this story from Common Dreams. That work about Turkey, I'll find real Turkey. Who was sitting there on a spad ass of Plotten, Europe president on Tuesday night? The 9-11 families lawsuit charges in our final season, secretly traveled with these southern Afghan city of Kanda Har, twice in 1998, where he met with Bin Laden's representatives, and Taliban leader Mullah Omar, Mullah Mullah Omar. Based on his court testimony from Taliban intelligence chief Mullah Kashgar, whatever his name is, lawsuit claimed that our final allegedly received assurances that our Kanda would not use the infrastructure in Afghanistan to convert the rough families control of the Saudi government. In return, according to lawsuit, the Saudis promised not to seek Bin Laden's extradition or the closing of his training bases. Our final also allegedly promised Mullah Omar financial assistance. Shortly after the meetings, the Saudis reportedly shipped the Taliban for 100 new pickup trucks. According to the London Observer, Kanda also said that our final range for donations to be made directly to Al-Qaeda and bin Laden by a group of wealthy Saudi businessman. Mullah Kashgar is his name by the KKSHR. Mullah Kashgar is the sworn statement implicates Prince Turkey as the facilitator of these money transfers in support of the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, and international terrorism occurred along with the lawsuit. A heck of a guy. A heck of a job, Turkey. Al-Faisal does not deny he travel with Afghanistan in 1998 for meetings with Mullah Omar, but insisted it was to convey an official Saudi request to extradite Osama Yamama. Al-Faisal is a long history in Afghanistan, and worked closely in the 80s with both of CIA and the Mujahideen that would later form both Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. Ultimately, a judge dismissed the 9-Log and Families lawsuit against Al-Faisal in his courts, saying U.S. courts like to restrict no-other matter, but many of those families firmly believe Al-Faisal was connected to the attacks that killed their loved ones. The obvious question is, how does the President justify the objection of a gold star mother from the state of union while openly welcoming Yamama and believe by hundreds of victims families to be connected to the attack, which uses to justify every shred of his violent policies? During his speech, Bush said that prior to the attacks of September the 11th argument failed to connect the dots of the conspiracy, perhaps he soon had just looked over his wife's shoulder up there in the gallery during the state of the union. As if he didn't know. That one line, curiously, his tenure as head of the Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end, just 10 days before his 9-Live in attack. Man, start connecting them dots. That's done. Yeah, exactly. Right, you're not going to see no movies at halftime Sunday. The Janet Jackson ripple effect of a chesapeake should have been a ripple effect, but I think it should be Janet Jackson nipple effect. Perfect. As finally, cover-out of the game that started all, Sunday Super Bowl would be on a five-second take-to-lay pre-game post-game and halftime show. Got that? Got it. ABC has had the same five-second-land smudding effubobrol, a kiss, but this would be a first visit for the big game. Kunderwenif L. Spokesman Brian McCarthy, the decision to lay the Super Bowl was entirely up to ABC which delays other live entertainment programs. Went and doubt. It out. Joyce it out. Fastened to lay a bit of broadcast to game last year, high ever telling CBS news at the time, it was treating the broadcast as being news event. It had time to perform worse palm-a-carding. A little told by palm-a-carding he ain't going to like a whip-nothing up, you know. CBS probably wishes to end the lay the game the year before that, however when Jackson revealed a halftime to 2004 contest, how promptly ensuing worldwide's wide-scale take-to-lays of live programming, where the system the FCC decision at Bono's effort on the live Golden Globes was indecent. Well guess what, F.M. The lay gives monitors a chance to bleep-audi or stint video that might offend viewers or legislators. Oh, we sure want to offend the legislators. Right, yeah. The Super Bowl halftime show this year features another British rocker, Mick Jagger and Rolling Stones, who have already run a follow the ABC Football Content Controllers. Jagger got bleep-out for language on ABC on two occasions when the Stones performed at a kickoff of the NFL season in September, but Mick and Mickie have been tight this year with money in football working with Stone Songs in the NFL, broadcast and promos. Mick and Mickie. According to a radio news report of interview with Jagger, when asked about the halftime content he joked that ABC was worried about how many times he would say the effort. He also went into the news report about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He was worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's sure about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's worried about the U.S. He's on the K distinguish with U.S. cooling saucer of the Senate, authored by Republican Sam Brownback of Kansas, they assertifiably crazy person has not gotten any traction. That's in part because the bipartisan backing of the bill is slipped a bit as little as the threat of censorship of age content, even some conservatives in the general populist cool realizing that a different political majority might turn in speech that they were a favor. I get that Rush Limboire that killed Trump and Tony Fadance off the earth. Stuff like that. Yeah. Funny, very seldom see moderates or liberals screaming, oh, get so and so off the area. Yeah. Even if they hit them like poison, they're a lot of same lasers. Yeah. All these good and too shoes so much better for us. Oh, it's obscene. Get it off. We don't like it. Well, you know what, don't watch it. Get lost. You mama. How much of a sports nerd are you? We got about a thousand, about 1,000 to 28. It's not even 1, 30 good. Aren't you just shocked? Yeah, whatever. You know what? Just don't care no more. You don't care about sports. I work here about the pole. Don't care about the fact we kicked ass at those allusies on the street. Of course, why should you be in a different friendly body also? Why? I knew I knew we would kick ass once you started beating on it. I didn't know by how much though. I didn't know it would be so old. 7,531 vote margin. How much of a sport nerd are you? I'm a fan out of nerd 335. I have some interest but not big time. I hate everybody 95 total nerd total sports nerd 50. Get help please. I have the interest 46. I love to shower the guys 46. That sounds interesting. I'll depending on the guys. Not the football players. I hate this pool 45. I expect it to score 39. Only for gambling purposes 26. I will only watch one sport 24. I'm a joxon if we're 13. Is there anything else besides sports? 12. Good cross section there. It's an excellent pole. Thank you for a wonderful job. You've even added some crap. Not my right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6 to leave. Verizon singer, wireless line. And look at that phone. Well that's because I've been rambling on for a very long time. Maybe we were done on the phone you think. Well both said the lake hitches up there you'll see 30 seconds. How many? About 30 minutes. I think we got like 7 30 minutes delays which makes like 210 seconds. Which last time I checked that so was it? About 3 and a half minutes. Let's see. There you go. It's the company. How many QAM? Hello. Yes. I was wondering. Do you have a pole the other day? And it was about I think closed restaurants that were really good. And someone said the my card that it was closed. No. And somebody started that room where you see you know my card is not closed. Sillar. Yeah I talked about it. And for listeners that are interested there's a half hour second drink is free. And they have some I think I just picked four or five. You have five. I have five. Uh huh. In the bar. What do they do specials this week? I don't know. Okay. Okay. I hope they give you a 50% off anyway for your efforts. Well thank you very much. Thank you. Bye. T.O. worked there. She's just trying to be helpful. Right away. You know, questioning her integrity, her motivation. No wonder your wife hates you like poison. My god. Your uh relations have stood women are sorely lacking. Yeah that's right. They're lacking. Yeah. I have many. That's what I'm saying. W 2 a m. Hello. No. For example. Look at that. That. Van relations. If they're yes sir. Hey. Good afternoon. Listen. I've been working. I've been missing you here for a while. She has a deal. Well, I'm sorry. I was listening on the. There's. Stover you said that we're wondering about his condition because nobody says anything for a while. That. Right. I was listening to the radio yesterday. I think it was a I. And they had a news report that the doctors. You're going to love this. The doctors had inserted a tube of feeding tube and. And. Exactly. He's in a coma and they said that the even if he goes come out of the coma. He's probably not going to be able to speak or. Exactly. So I like I said I was the same way. I've heard anything about it. I'm going to talk to the police. Well, they're still keeping it pretty quiet. I'll tell you that. So anyway, I thought it. You know, it's how we were. I type of ventilated every time he farted. They gave us the aroma. There for a couple of days. Now they got off of that. We don't know from nothing. Well, thanks for the good news, Pally. Okay. Okay. And I don't think we're going to remove the feeding tube. But not. Well, I shouldn't have found that. Governor Bush will get involved in the. He'll take care. Thanks. I've been. Thank you. In fact, the governor has become the. He. Governor. Twenty seven after one. I'll take it where to go for a fantastic meal. Terrorist take house boy. I'd lucky that we got it in South Florida now. Or they live near downtown for a lot of it or not. It's worth the trip no matter where you are because. Terrorist taking lobster has on the 17 tree causeway is unbelievable. You'll find them a terrible be there. By the way, I was going to give an ICHI greets the guests in a new 200 seed restaurant and a lounge. And she's now bringing the East Coast residents the same fantastic food. The same great. Toward hunting experience which earned her Markle Island restaurant near Perfect Marks. And he's against survey and a line of. Spectator award vessel in swine list with now. Boast over. Three hundred eighty selections from the world's greatest wine regions. Try the wine. The main attraction to a steak and lobster is just like an. An anew and suggest to you. Fantastic juicy steak and delicious mouthwatering lobster. Although you have find job with everything on the menu from the. Konya confused laughter. Bisc to mom's classic. Crab cakes. There's selection of fresh seafood and chops too. Regreted by many is the Peter Loubore of the South. Terran corporate's family recipes to complete the menu. Sources and recipes made fresh in house every day. Hand selected dry aged short ones used to prepare their signature. Porter house for one two three or four are served cut away from the bone on a sizzling. Flatter day melt in your mouth. Sweet and tender is the only way to describe terrorist. Street is expiled main lobster collection which are prepared steamed. Borrowed stuffed with lump crab meat or with a filet for the. Olderman served in turf whatever you like him. And now being stone crab season. Terran is quickly becoming the stone crab house as well. No need to fight traffic to go to Miami to get those jumbo. Sweeties. But be sure and reserve them in advance because they go fast. Don't miss terrorist happy hour of a Monday through Friday with two for one special de-rinks or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 530 to 730 when you stay around for dinner. Terran steak and lobster house you'll find them at 1430. South East 17 Street. Cosway in Fort Loderdale. You're going to love this place called Terran at nine five four. 7656202 or on the way with its Terran steak and lobster house.com. Don't forget when the subject is great steak you'll keep hearing about Terran's all the time. Because more and more people are going to discover this is the place. 9554-7656202. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. Sack! Why do you first do? If anybody has a opinion on this thing from our way, we'll pay your name into this thing now as in the me of the state. Don't even stop on to quench your eyes. Just follow what don't be. Everybody's burning fire. Not just you, where say. In the occupancy of the world. We're watching our dogs, you. Everyone that's asking. So much in front of you. This is for the nation. Under your mind. This is for the nation. I ask you where say. You gotta hate those. And listen to them if I'm roast you. Be me if everything we say. And just take one new one. Blood water for the cold bread. Feel up your head, guys. A roving chain is for spare youth. That's as you were saying. We don't like to see our dogs grow. Everybody's burning fire. We're passing by chain. Don't mean us to be born. All the water is there to see. The fact that's Irish in way. Everybody's burning fire. I'm just saying maybe a lot of these historical Muslims. I'll pissed off about them comics. Maybe they need like anger management course. You know that's not a bad idea. Yeah. Every time I'm an ex-jax or a current jax and a ghost and beat up his girlfriend or wife or both. Maybe he needs anger management. That's a fight. All the sports nerds always say that crap. Nice cop out. Yeah, let's have some gigantic anger management courses for the Muslims. We can put them like on TV. Give them all a big screen instead of our own mind. And then like some of throw in some magic carpets to at the same time. You make it for them our flying carpets? No, I wish I had one. Say we held a lot of money and then damn plane trips. You don't need a flying carpet. That's true. You're fairie. Wittenberg was consen. Authorities had no trouble locating the suspect after getting caught by the pedestrian attacking whomoving cars. He was one with no clothes on. At least at the first complaint came in about 9.36 yesterday morning after woman encountered a naked man on a road. As she drove around him, he charged the vehicle hit the right fender and jumped on the hood, smashing the windshield and breaking off the passenger side mirror authority set. It doesn't say what he hit the vehicle with, but he slid off and was lying on the road but he got up into a football type stance and charged the second vehicle as the the approach of damaging a fender. A football type stance. You know like squatting. Right. Huh? He was doing the squats I get. I don't know what else they would be talking about. I got into squatting. Yeah, that's what we heard. He then opened the door. It climbed in and sat down. An ambulance got to the scene and had a sheriff deputy. He's had no trouble with the man sergeant, Stabler cooks in. The 42 year old man was taken for medical treatment and psychological assessment. His name was not released the motors for 9. He was going out to get a new wardrobe which I need badly. How's my wardrobe coming by the way? When I stopped thinking about the way you were talking about Roger McEllan, I thought he was going to be everything. Every day. On my baggyest pants day. I don't think I ever. No, I could never even come close. I never make it into the, I don't know what he wore. Colone wise or perfume wise, but he sure wore a lot. I'm of it. Yeah. Well, we've been through that thing. I know some people that, you know, I like to, but we said it's one thing that's smelled good, but it's such a thing that's smelling too good. Like the crow for example, you know. Little cash, merval, cane, all that bad, but the whole can. I don't think so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. The big news is we kick some big juicy ass and even bigger news. You know something I'm not surprised. Nothing surprises me. You just wait till that march for a studio anniversary shows only. Let's see, it's only 28 days in February. This year because it's not leap year. So we got 25 more days this month. So that means like 26 days. Less than four weeks. Then they're going to put it down. They're going to put on the rips. You know what I mean? Lies and crackers. I'll bet. It's going to be like, I'm telling you, like ticker tape parades. They're going to be coming in there with like all kinds of costumes on bands. All the dance in girls like in the godfather there. Take your pick. Most of it looks like the water not see, but nevertheless. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5. They're just the blood issue right. We're in a different world. And why don't this happen? This is a problem. Please. No, I'm never going to say it again. I accepted. I understand. I don't like it. And that's why they pretended in Cadet email. They're in that because you know, that would require addressing that issue when it's never going to change. We are here and you are there. Are you going to say it? We are here. We have a little bit more. Yeah. Do you have any QAM hello? Yes, sir. First of all, two things. I just printed that article. That's just read about good old princes. Princess. Yeah. I'm going to give it to a few folks at the work that we're talking about. Send to you the other day. Oh, really? Yeah. And you know, her, she has heard of the nerve to words. Yeah. And her horrible meeting with Shabbah is, you know, because that's it. You know, because that's it. If you make a shot of his your automatically. And that's what you know, that's what he said. That's what he said. Yeah. Yeah. Second is, I don't know if you, if you guys saw this story. But I was reading earlier that the Hamas who is putting on their own TV channel. Maybe they could run the repentant Shiite or whatever that's. You know, I don't know if you can do that. There you go. That was my thought. Thanks a lot, Pat. See, I'm very good. It's like a real color with a real brain. How do you like that? Print it out that story about turkey, alfaisal? Man. And of course, you know what we got to do with turkey is because they are kind of a bird. Yeah. If that'd be for they get us too late now in his case, I guess. A little bit. Let me say it. Saudi Arabia. That's where we need to be doing a bomb agradiate. Saudi Arabia. They should have gone there and hooked up their gigantic, the Orleans said, all you ragheads get out of here. Now the party's over. Get lost. We're getting divorced. But no. And of course, why would they do that? Because they're in business. They're trying to, you know, a lot of money in that, uh, blind. We attack their rival. They're going to be instead. Don't get all left up about it. It'd be better. And then I'll start regressing back in this thing about who did Moe, you know? Who did Moe? That was in 61 votes on our poll today. We really, uh, we're just, we're emotional. We're so excited about what's happening this week. Over the top. WDQ, where you am, hello? Hey, me, how you doing? All right. I know how you, how much like our software to slide company, in other words, aka the police department. Yeah. Business. I didn't know. If you want to see a segment of teleporter, which shows, uh, how they get them all round up, they do this investigative report where they go in. And the guys basically have the company to get an officer's department. And they go to the 30th department, and stop running. He goes in and asks where for them to file a complaint. The 30th department's only three out of actual form. Everyone else basically wants the world you have to go through these channels and you got it through that. I think someone, if you go ahead and make it completely, this, yeah, this is respond like that real quick. Well, the funny thing about the whole thing is, you should see how the guy goes with it. This gets them like really round up, you know, to the point where one officer actually has got an off the property almost like gunpoint. It was amazing thing. You see, you see, you see, you see, you see, they're like four or five different offices from these different department. It's like really amazing how they, they get all round up. And the big guy there, a bad cost man, thank God for that. I think that's there will be some real problems. Multi-paraly. And we're all right. Have a good one. When it comes to the big guy, speaking all. 140, 20 until 2, we got Curtis Stevenson into 2. We got to the revolving Moa Slime. You know, Moa, how do we revolving Slime? Good guy. Yeah, that's why he got all of them, well. Any can. Is that who you saw he can sit and spin? Okay. Oh, a sitting spin is not the game he played in Monte Carlo, a sitting spin or the casino. Any can at the Yenthus Center, which for a clock, you all whipped up for that big hockey game. I would imagine my talk about the stupid bull probably. Panther PV with seven with a Jesse Angler. I'm sure am I right? Okay. I don't know what about Josh. Josh, no? What? And then the Panthers in the trash is 730 night, Lenny and Troy, Lenny and Troy. See, it's not the way outside the rest of the building. Now it's the January and the inside there on studio now. Why should we care more than they do? That's true. They don't care. We don't care. I like that. We can match you for indifference. How do you like that? Yamaha. And if they keep seeing that, the thing? Yeah. I'm just going to play that on our music. I'm just going to play that on our music. I'll be there for four hours. Good guy. And still get a bigger number than what you want. 19.02 at QA and with Luke. Absolutely. Who's magic? Yeah. I don't know where he's been my guy. Who would get that old girl that gets it so bad? I play in others but it's made up so fast. No one's coming from my mouth. I'm just going to shoot my phone. My ass is spreading through. I'm just going to shoot my phone. But it's not true. You don't know what you're telling. But he's still making me listen to my phone. And he was and everything. Yeah. We can smell him. We can sniff him. We just can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. We can't hear him. It's not a fact. She's the one that sees those who carve. These are enough like S's for what it's worth. What? A soup car. Rower. To my surprise, this work coincided with one of mine. As for those who wrote in the January and on the other. The other or the other. The medical said, Kuba net. The US government subsidized website. They published S. Those who are. That's Kuba net. That's what happens when he gets sucked into thinking. You were getting real fancy. Jesus. I have a cabinet. Yeah. So I heard. I feel an elemental fairness. If the worst investigations of other authors are used. At least they should be credited properly. An examination by the hero series that more than three four surprised. Rower is column published in the late 18th. About five hundred or six hundred and sixty words were an example. Copy. Of the noses. And the column doesn't credit or set as. And he says, oh, but it will be a mama. As you. As you cut. And so we got an ascent one or two. But there's no excuse to my very bad espionuel. It really is. I give a crap. You don't care. That's a good excuse. No, I don't. I just like you don't care about the super well. I don't care about the speaking of panic. I could hear a lot. I don't think he'd find that in trouble. Speaking of ways. We got a thousand seventy four votes in that poll today. How much of a sports nerd are you? And no predictions on the super bowl. Now who are you? For your citizens. The stevers. I don't know why he hocks. I'm not going to watch it. These to root for sea hives. I see hives. But you can't believe that anybody who even has a minimal interest in sports. But it is true that a lot of people are just a very, very, minimally interested. Whether it's the world's serious demand. I watch a baseball game all year long. But it's happening so they watch the world's serious. Yeah, it's like something to do. It's a big argument. It's value hoot and something to do. And yada, all of the other crap. And of course the super bowl is number one on that category. Now the Stanley kept finals. Does anybody care about that outside? No, south of the border. No, all of us there. No, nobody cares. Panthers in the strategy tonight should be, well, I don't know. At least the strategy score a lot of goals. I can tell you that. Exciting team. Go out there and just because I heard day rumor that the hurricane's in the head of head that New on campus arena. Somebody had a way to a game. What would they play wake force Wednesday night? Yeah, he said it was the wake part was correct. Because the arena, they didn't want to build a two big to make it look embarrassing with like 1000 empty seats. So they only made 7,000 seats. And he said it was my maybe 3000 people there. Maybe. So what was the need for that? Other than of course this concept that we have to have a statement and a re-non-re-street Quarter to make this fourth nerd champion? Well, you know, it'll bring more people to sports. That's correct. WKWN, hello. Hi, Mia. I just wanted to tell you that I'm not here listening to you every day. And you're a great company and your just good too. And one more thing I like when you do the balance for life commercials and you call people fat cows that's funny. Well, listen, it takes one and no one. That's what I always say. It's funny though. I would great day. Have a great day, Jorge. New too. Thank you. Bye bye. Well, we are fat cows. Well, I'm going to be like, hey, well, it's a small cow. Working on it. Are you really? It's one try to call it. Well, I think one on the scale is more not fed for me, but the only bad news about that and so sorry she brought up about to wait. Because I smelled that aroma. I just put me in a food coma. I got to have pasta man. Not a good idea. No. Oh, there's a Hugo Chavez in Fidel hugging kissing him. I'm just lying. Yeah. No, whatever. Whole world is full of crooks. It's all I can tell you. At any rate, make me just a can of Franco American with a slice of squished cheese and melted. I'm not going to do that. That's like about a once or five year kind of a piece of meat. I don't do it. Why? You don't you never had it. But nevertheless, it sounds bad. So if I was going to ask you, but you know what it's all about. So you know, onward and upward. Okay. What is it? 12. 151. Oh, I know. You're playing with me. I looked at their clock and produced it. And I thought this can't be happy to meet. Well, it's been a very high pressure week. I entered you on the show. We single handedly kicked the crap out of the guys that the rest of the stage you should have been dealing with. Should have been confronted and head the head. But no. We don't want. We don't want. See, it's that ostrich attitude. If we just don't talk about it and go, we don't want to see. They don't even know what they don't want to participate. They don't want to like stand up for themselves. Like a man like Marlon Brando said, Don't you remember? And the godfather when I'm our president. I don't know what to do. You're gonna talk about it. I'm not. Let's go. Let's go. So we did it. Final vote that I pulled by the way was WDQAM 10,543 and so 90 to take it. 3,012 we beat it by 7,531 by more than 3 to 1. So who now are they can? Alan Brown. You can set it all the emails. All the members and takes it get a Joe Rose for bringing that email over. So really inspired me yesterday. And that's going to be still love this. I say Joe Rose 2 to 4. Huh? Hey. Oh. And I know who could. I could know who could have been the film's more inside over there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Man. That would be sweet. 153 and 560, WQM, the XYZU, you passed the 50, we got Curtis sitting by and he'll be along in the rotating slot. How does it feel to be in a rotating slot? Oh, it's been. Is it really? It's a blind. Is it like a free spin? Read the code right. Of course you never played a real or a fortune. You never played the slots at all. Why do we keep going over this? I played the slots a lot. I won money at it. Like a 150 bucks when I was in Vegas. I had a few things with Josh. Must have been. But you never played a blind track. I would rather play blind track. I don't remember what I was playing when I was playing. Well, that's bad. Whatever. Whatever was the plan. Whatever was the plan. Maybe it was. Five, eight, sevens. It could have been. And then they got I walk right by them. And then of course now they got all these things like computerized games with these, what would you like digitally? And I'm saying. Right. I have no idea how those things even work. I don't want to go into it. Anyway, in the prize work combat, I want to get this in. This is in the British online sun. Two lesbian soldiers have become the first army gaze to get wed. The sun can reveal. That's WED. Private sunny gold 19. Vanessa Haydok, a teen pad that under new civil laws in the UK. Vanessa based in Halavington, Wilts. Said it was wonderful to get married and being the first was the being the first to get married was the icing on the cake. We want to be together forever. She said, boy, if you saw these two, would there real short tight area in the real, real bush. In fact, almost ball now that I look at this. Well, they just got out of the military, right? I see. And Sony told us she couldn't wait to come. And that went Vanessa was after they fell for each other while training. I don't know what they were training for, but I'll tell you. The pair, both Travis and world logistics court, a court married under new civil laws and the idea. So there you go, man. Couple are really, and you know something? What's wrong with Dykes? Nothing. There you go. They're great. That's our, remember, I like Ike? Well, what's wrong with I like Dyke? Let's see everybody. Give a little button and a sticker, right? You go. Okay, listen, go, Steelers, or go see us, whatever you want. And we'll be watching this something else. Bye, bye, bye.