How young is too young? Baby, you're not a couple of men, so... That's that tour place we know, And we know that of them Who's first name begins with old? There's one thing we all understand I'll get a more befitting Until we blow up back and stay That's a movement we could change Around forever With our tanks and all our troops The special forces are some tired Of jumping through the damp woods You don't need another airplane So let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll pull up back and stay I'll get a need and just wear a tear Why don't we stop the seafood And we'll blow up back and stay Why don't we blow up? Let's put it on the calendar for next Monday What are you saying? I tell you two at five, 60WQM, Too much force and a morning show I just thought I would mention that, too much force clearance You idiot, you jackass These times the sports news around their neck But that's okay because the checks are due clear To one of the bad things About this business coming back on Well the worst thing is the pull business I noticed that I hate this pull We got almost 16% on this pull You know what I like to pull All right, what's wrong with the little ass? Right, right What's wrong with a big ass? A lot In fact, look how the pieces are doing on there So what's wrong with a big ass? A big fat pimple ass Throw out with these people But other than that, the next to the pull ideas It's being involved, you know what I mean? That summer schedule is great Because when you're only on two times a week It's like an afterthought And the rest of the time, like who cares about all this crap But now you like involved again, you know And involved with that sales department And involved with Chris Jones Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Man, I heard Kenny, yes, they've talking about pukers You hear that when you're talking about pukers Yeah, DJs who are pukers on here Hey, everybody hi, like like what's his name? If we could take like a boost to the sports He's a sports puker Well, not all the pukers are just rock and roll pukers They're like a Rick Sanchez, he's a news puker Oh yeah, yeah, see what I'm saying? Well, they're welcome to the neighborhood And it's like that, yeah And it's anyway, what am I talking about with pukers Enough with that Basically, we want to puker when I think about some of these people But anyway, here's the big news today We are going to take a lot of calls today Oh yeah, sure Oh no, I don't know, I haven't decided yet Here's the pull from yesterday before we get into the thing about the stingrays Although I still would like to have a 68 stingray There's nothing like a stingray Not, not, not, they smoothest running my sheen mind But nevertheless Who do you believe is responsible for the 911 attacks We are today on the anniversary of 911 And by the way, we got through today and everybody's still alive Except for those people who croaked overnight Everybody's still alive, and that's great It's wonderful Who do you believe is responsible for the 911 attacks? 1916 votes Wow, we had over 1600 during the show I'd like to let you still try to recover from that Do you think you got like the flu coming on or something? Oh, the colder something No, it's the, it's the pull over 1600 votes during the show And so I decided to send Josh one news story for each other We got, I think that's the way it's going to work for now Yeah, I noticed That are watching The birth chain E crowd 724 responsible for 911 And that includes the, all the other P&Aq people, the neocons, the idiots, the little Takes you put the con in the Ocon Out kittos, 693 And by the way, the thing in Syria this morning at Damascus Really tried to take over the US embassy They say that was an offshoot of Al Qaeda I don't know why they keep talking about Al Qaeda Cause it's five years later and I thought that was supposed to be the main objective We're going to hold it on, we're going to smoke about it there a whole And in meantime, they're, they're reformed, they're reorganizing Like the Taliban, Afghanistan is a freaking bloodbath Any interest? No, there's about as much interest about that as there is about the Marlins 16 to 5 Was that the score, Josh? Yeah, I watched the 16 to 5, they kicked their ass And the, in attendance of the papers, it's 13,770 Which means the real number was about 9 or 10 And then if you take off the 2 or 3000 mess fans that must have been there Right? Oh, more than that No, I also say you take it when you've got What do you got left? What is review people for Christ's? Nothing of a Marlin fan, but Jesus, you know, GoldenSinou stadium right Why do you want to build a stadium when nobody cares? When people are care of the people who make their livelihood From you know, like they've been boring and they're the broadcastes Nice that term loosely Especially in regard to that rich wall sky And that kid is so weak He is the sports casting What Katie Couric is to the evening news And by the way, she's number three already She started out, you know, up there with a 9 share And then she dropped to a 7 and then not a 6 And actually, that's not about 5 something she's number 3 Behind NBC is back on top as they should be And Charlie Gibson made up he's the greatest Because he shakes his head around like it all the funny But he's number 2 And Katie's number 3 And dropping like a rock like a gigantic stone Una spina So Una spina Una spina Well, never know who's responsible for an island Say 222 people Saudi Arabia 170 it goes down the Saudis man The brother Great robbers I have no idea 64 I hate this pool 28 And Saddam was saying 27 idiots 27 people You know Bush and Shani both come on there And even they admit well, you know he had nothing to do with an island And so 27 people that probably just a crank boat when you think I'm sure that you're wise guys 27 said Saddam Hussein responsible for 911 W2QAM hello Thank you more Neil Yes sir I just want to say thank you I've been listening for this This month and it's our 20th year together This month's week And I learned a lot of recent sweethearts Thank you sir I learned how to spell it down now I'm not that I can play the trombone I use in my hands So that's right I like the lot Neil I stand up straight He was bending over again I was just thinking before the show today I will be getting all these votes on the pool When the beast fires people think it's in earthquake Remember we supposedly had the earthquake in the Gulf over the weekend Right 6.0 on the record scale That no debes just had a bad bullet grids He just had some real bad deli I guess 777 Look at that 777 Woo Who has the best ass So what's wrong with 777 For what? Well these people would say they hate this pool I don't think there's anything wrong with this pool We did it once before we only give him a choice way way way back then about like 4 or 5 years ago We give him a choice between the jailo and Brittany And jailo is still one of it But it was only a two person choice What kind of a choice is that? Right Who has the best ass? We got a whole bunch of choices on here We could add some more some old And we jailo are 203 We see they understand And ask who's got the biggest ass we said the best ass There are different don't tell them what question they answered I'm sorry You do whatever you like As long as we get a lot of votes and then with Josh has one story for each vote jailo 203 Angelina Jolie 128 How do you know you ever saw her ass did you? And yeah Just the other one What movie was that? In Gia you see most of her ass Most of her ass I'm not what let me you guys said that wrong You see her ass the most of any other movie Although that's my soul I mean a rasman A rasman Latte me I hate to just admit a lot Pull 122 that's 15.7% That's a very unordinately high number What do we have yesterday? I hate this pull Uh Only 1.4% And the day before Uh I hate this pull Where the hell is it? I think I said put on or did I? I don't know that but that's any one of the why Because as your pull you never put it on there Shmuck What? I hate this pull Oh, stand up You must that's got to be on the everyday It's got some play to the repository I hate those people Well good And they hate you like poison And they wish that somebody would poison your tackle To late Oh Let's see who has the best ass The beast 87 Big fat Pimply I'm in the thought of it makes me nauseous Mariah Carey 80 Brittany 46 Tom Brady 39 He's around Brittany's ass Sophia Vergara 20 Oh, I'm sorry, 20 26 Oprah's got 22 Now that again's got to be the biggest ass Not the best Can you imagine? Good God Tom Cruise has got 16 And I'm sure it's had plenty of use Brady Quinn 11 See that in a new Brady Quinniness He got my vote though Hey Brady Uh Vita Gara What? Vita Gara Two Who do I leave off of here? And Jessica feels got one She's got an an These are people facting an email What the hell with that? We're open for any ass See you What? What? Well take a minute That's why we ask you the question The first place 794 they're coming in in chunks now Man the votes are coming in in gigantic chunks That is special Almost as special as that Sales department back there And you know how fresh Jones now gives it to the old Did you see that routine you pulled this morning? What? The old hidden run Oh yeah Well he knew we were coming up on showtime Right And they might be asking serious questions Like who the hell are you kid man? Are you kidnying somebody? Well this new Joe Val Regiman He has certainly destined to put us over the top You know I'm saying over the top 10 sting raise Slain since Irwin's death This is one of the this could be the most important story in history Because I think this shows a lot about human nature At least 10 sting raise have been slain since crocodile 100 Steve Irwin was killed by one of the fish And officials said today One of the fish is in a stingway of fish Yes But that's Gilles it's a fish How about how Gilles the new defenseman for the lose? Something a spokesman for the late TV stars animal charity To urge people not to take revenge on the animals They didn't do a thing Yeah Kill them Kevin Irwin died last week when a stingway bar appears to his chest According to show off the great barrier reef Criking Slain sting raise have since been discovered on two beaches in Queensland State on Australia's eastern coast To where discovered today with their tails locked off Fish release department official Wayne Sumpton said fishermen Winning virtually catch the diamond shape for a sometime cut off their tails To avoid being stunned that the practice was uncommon Sting raise off her cotton fishing net's by mistake And should be returned to the sea Sumpton said back to the sea Michael Hornby the executive director of Irwin's wildlife warriors conservation groups said he was concerned the raise for being hunted and killed in retaliation for Irwin's death How do you like that? We're going to be able with you bastards It may be some sort of retribution or it may be fear from certain individuals Or maybe just the other other cows act toward wildlife he said He said killing sting raise was not what Steve was all about Now Steve is about dangling his little kid in front of a crocodile We're disgusted and disappointed people would take this sort of action hurt wildlife he said Sting raise are usually shy on suicide face that rumours to see bottom for food or ruin the sand On a mind-room business But you know when you lay down on top of them it gets a little bit better shape and but I've been If you stand to the harbor Kind of like the abortion administration it gives the stand to the heart That's what we have so much heartburn so much agida 1013 at WQM I'll see what that schedule looks like today We got symbols stuff we got mad dog 2 to 4 the power hour with a sports shower With Hank and a mad dog from 4 to 5 the hump are again Well, I'd say he owes me he had to send me a big check for getting him back in there for the 7 because he only works like an hour and a half alone 5 to 6 30 again that I think that's that scan going Marlins on deck at 6 30 the Marlins looked to pulverize the men's again at 7.05 on the indication That's their life But somebody dropped in the Marlin game for Christ 6. What is wrong with you people The big Christ The Christ to this is real Christ a movie video 5 60 You a M I'm hit guy Now there's a different everything Even for a day where they don't make a long run to make your hand growing Or even if your dog was in it you are a trouble getting this lead country Get it for true to forever be on one spot you'll be truly training on the probability that you're done Now there's a super rat great thing if you find a football or rat great Make that giant who we did to fear don't work Got this wall over one would be here now There is no need to offer a anything right if you're always going number one No, get some ball max you drink your prep rate How the bill of men you are done Now there's a bill for rat great thing Get you by the rash from your last thing If you're feeling depressed don't you crack Ask your doctor to give you a throwback If you're one of the people that attacks you Get more than just another with a bomb And the claim is doctor for about the probability that you're done Now if a super rat great thing Even for allergies and less praying If your children looking for the bill Make them better with some lamb or silver Black and a crystal and a key You know, you have quicker than a gun On a back swing pro do a sniffle I don't know I don't What's the more I don't like I don't like I don't like I don't like Get you some of the first rich young I don't know I don't Ten nineteen at five sixty w to q a m Islamic militants attend to the storm the US embassy in Damascus today Using automatic rifles hand grenades And at least one van rid of explosives Four people were killed in the brazen attack Including three of the assayments And these brazen attack Is that as opposed to just ordinary Podestia in attack? Right, this was brazen This one was with raisin Done blazing A brazen attack And some of them would say brazen display of speed in that first quarter Time rights all those little two things down Raising display of speed Just like Chris Joseph morning a brazen display of Lek of interest But nevertheless Hey listen you're happy with that crowd back there I'm real happy for you You guys are fine I don't know what was better before Well it was better before So we actually had some spots on you That was what was better And we didn't have these 85 human-centered break-luck we got now It's the same time amount of time It seems like we're away from like an hour to time Let's work on that by the way I can be part of the informant What's wrong with that Oh boy How about if I give you a couple of names man Like Todd Dreck would be one And then of course that's what the old guard And bigger party was it here before And he's here What's he came back he's doing a hell of a job By the way we find any more information about that account Which one is we No because I'm not a guy Well we don't have that many to talk about anymore We have not gotten any I see Well just like that pomp and a part situation We had two weeks in a row They just kind of like letting this slide through the cracks But you know what why should we care why should we get our Our panties in a wand Our nickers in a thing U.S. filmmaker Oliver Stone who surprised many with a patriotic flavor of his new film world trade center He didn't Moscow yesterday It is considering a more controversial follow up Investigating conspiracy around 9.11 The obvious question that is Well why did he start with a puff piece you know Why did he start with that Of course at the time that he was making that it wasn't so trendy all these conspiracy theories I mean they were around But nobody was dignifying them were talking about them as opposed to that Now that at least a third of the public believes that there was some kind of conspiracy There is a great story in a movie a conspiracy by a group of people in the American administration We have an agenda and who used 9.11 to first that agenda told journalist in Russia He's a whole you know he makes me sick Well why is it that people like him? I know he didn't have a couple of good movies But he's just a jerk I'll work soon He made a couple of good movies He said yeah, well that's not the point So a jerk right and he's not the person I thought he was How are you talking about Joe Bell again? No, oh There could be a fascinating project on one half an afternoon on 11 Oliver Sones to stone said it is Pack press conference on the fifth anniversary of the process today Stone accused US president George W. Bush had missed handling the fight against Osama Yamama Against the militants and using the questions to his stoke fear and both to his own Power at home in a way that was right out of George or well always liked an Oliver Stony You know it I mean I agree with what he says there, but he's still an evil. I just can't say He did those movies. I thought that his politics were what they were supposed to be and surprise What does that mean? Well then you make sure that most of it be well You know the politics in JFK. What was the message in JFK? Well, what did it say? What was the message in talk radio? Oh, okay, well, that's how there was a great night. Was it wasn't at him? I think might have been that was Oliver was stone he ought to be stone Now what it says in the Bible stone Oliver. I remember what the message was in Aliander Gay 833 votes on the pool. We're going to have a coast of that. We're going to be over 900 by 11 o'clock I think are we? We're not going to match yesterday when we had 16 hundred votes on our folder in the show That is shocking because even across the street they know that 1600 farce or passes That's about four times the number of people that they have listening during any average quarter hour I think I just made that up. But nevertheless they get really upset when I just start making stuff up Like they might go out of business someday. Well, you know something the way things are going We might go out of business too, especially with all the sports intensive stuff on a morning show Kenny, you know, Kenny's a broadcast where he sounds like a good guy, you know, he looks good guy But they're they're killing him. Oh, well, when you know when you let Clarence have control Let's see here's a fact this is I'm sure you're thrilled to be back five days a week I don't mind doing the shows. I enjoy doing the shows. I probably shouldn't say that I don't mind the shows. I've just owned the pool thing Bob and of course being involved with QAM really just doing is very disturbing Because and I don't care what you say you're like, you know, you take everything from a personal And of course you're there so you're involved with those people. I can't I can do it more objectively because I'm 1200 miles away. Thank God But yeah, we're going to try to tell me a song to dance that things are and a more rational way now than they were before I'm going to tell you man that you must be doing more than this smoke of a little gondon man. You're you're off your rocker Okay, you're back on the old acid again I was speaking of ass Let's see the fact is I'm sure you're thrilled to be back five days We please add tiny manobed it a little she's a bit of a butterface But the ass is amazing. Oh, you know who else we left off in there? They know what her ass looks like. I think Jennifer calmly. Yeah, what we know what her ass looks like well You know like her ass. I love her ass and I love to love her ass And I would have said the Bible answers to asses. That's right. That's the dust right And I'm going to have to get that movie out of March again. Who does it just aren't any movies like that anymore? No, I'm not sure I do Don't forget to warn the audience. I'm not because watching the movie on you too That's what this fact Come get a bite to whatever speaking of movies. Yes, don't forget to issue that warning. Oh, yeah I'm trying for you. Well, you know, I am I have to my stupidity. I get suckered in. This is not the first time I always had another one about New Jersey But no, this is no always the other one had four stars. That's why I watched I know it's horrible. What was that? I forget I don't know city. No, that wasn't it. No, it was something else. You can't be blamed for watching a bad movie It was on my cable. I was I was fishing around or looking for something I might want to watch And it had four stars in the bottom. You look at these synopsis in the movie The review and then it gives you like how many stars out of four on my cable. Well, this had all four Well, very very movies did four stars look we all do that the best you can do is to spare other called mean creek And you know what if I would if I would have known ahead of time that it was coming on and I would have found that four star I think I would have come in here and look on IMDB and read the reviews and then I would have ensured to watch it because most of the reviews again It's got a 7.3 Which I think In imaginary heroes also I'd like a 7.3 not to compare imaginary heroes in this movie They're comparing Shethabriya with dog poop okay, they're just this is crap Come on, if self isn't bad, but the ending is just you know that's why they take the jubby kid The only this is basically deliverance by way of standby me is what they're trying to make It's about a canoe trip gone bad and they take the kid out and they're going to make him jump in a water and take all his clothes And make him walk home naked because Faggory and new to the R involved that all these you know that's whether it's football or And you should certainly be right now It's not a happy you better and to make a long story short the kid died I'm telling you this to ruin the movie so you don't waste your time watching it mean creek And it's okay I mean the acting is okay for a bunch of punky ugly kids and and then a kid dies new in a panic what they're going to do And then it ends Yeah, the one the one kid he takes his brothers car and his gun and he goes off and holds up a convenience store So we didn't get money to go to drive the Mexico and then the other kids decided to turn themselves in because they They wound up accidentally killing this kid who grounded it expect of not just kid kind of reminded me of the beast and then that's it ends It's just ends It's over I would you would really have a f*** yeah, you're such a stick around bed and you can't complain about the ending of this movie because it didn't have one It just goes to black and then here come the credits and like what yeah, I was really I was frosted man I was pissed off movie with a bad ending is like a joke without a point But it's a heavy end Yeah, you know it's like we ran out of film and I would hope you would it and you know and if you were to refuse on this IMDV I really Honestly and they bought the only bizarre thing in the movies that the one kid had and this is supposed to be in some backwater town in Oregon and the Northwest You know the and the one kids got a two gay parents. He's got two. He's got daddy and daddy. Okay, well, how many backwater towns in Oregon? You think how many kids have got daddy and daddy or mommy and mommy, huh? How many? A couple. Yeah, like a story Daddy and daddy my ass 28 10 at five sixty w Okay, damn don't watch it. Okay, I will freak man. It sucks And now I know and now I know what it called mean 856 votes on a poll by the way We'll get to that thousand piece of cake and then I'm taking off a couple years not for this crap enough of being involved with that sales department Hey, if it's time for you to get a new address if the old one is bumpy and lumpy and not getting a good night's sleep no more do what I've been doing for years Don't waste your time money grabbing it all was betting in departments to resolve over time just called dial mattress toll free Sit there on your ass make one easy call. It'll be the wisest thing you've done in a long time Maybe as wise as not watching mean creek call one eight hundred mattress and get yourself factory direct prices That are lower than the chain stores even during those so called big sales in addition to dial a mattress offers you trouble financing to call One eight hundred mattress you get the lowest prices on the best brands in the universe like Celia and sort of King coil Simmons never paid against turns and foster he would dial a mattress continues to be ranked as the half or years now number one in the world in customer satisfaction Nobody comes close first of all they give you 99.7% on time delivery rate just Tuesday eight and time you want that new mattress delivered and I'll show up Seven days a week at M to 10 p.m. you put that to our window and they are there and of course the prices totally unbeatable Even the very same day and that you call dial mattress delivered to you so make that call right now You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight and maybe you can come to the station right as a new copy dial mattress column toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes The biggest thing so best challenge for the business Now that would do no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no you talk about an out-way show like what made you know he builds up to a certain point like I said it's like deliverance with kids you know but I he kids and they go on a canoe trip and it goes bad and the kid gets he drows and bangs his head and he's dead and so at that point that should be like the beginning of the unwrapping on the same right well no like in deliverance after after they have that encounter and it wasn't after that baby gets a little bit so about it and then after that it's like the cover up you know and then a whole much of stuff and then a hospital that the cat got and Bert Reynolds gives John for a week which I'm not sure we went by that neither was a John. But you know and then there's the unraveling they do and do you know mom whatever to held your friends say whatever that means. You know what I'm saying? Well, they say it but it doesn't happen. It just doesn't happen. One kid takes the gun and the car and he goes off and the robes the convenience store. He's off head and from Mexico and oh let's see Kate Hudson flat out great ass. Don't say flat out great ass. Well I think they had it right flat not ass is right but we're pulled around there just to you know. Somebody like Kate Hudson's aunt what ever you know that much of an ass person anyway I wouldn't mind like Brady Quinn given a pad on the ass and good job and that's acceptable. See in the sports world you can pad a guy now one guy can pad on the ass and it's it's acceptable. In fact it's encouraged a lot. You know a staff money asked with a towel in the shower or very echoed about their in pad on the ass take the ball out of his hand and say good job get on here you think. You know what I'm saying right right. I don't know if it's encouraged but yeah it goes on man it but in fact I don't know. I get to hit he goes to first place in the first base coach. Pat's him on the ass now you know that's true. Huh? There they go. The hell they don't it sounds awfully gay to me. Don't tell me that they don't pat each other on the ass. So they stay here you know I'm not all again is that what it is the first base coach doesn't really usually get the guy pat on the ass. Once in a while I've seen it and sometimes he gives the first baseman for the other team of pad on the ass. Well all the pins and if it's gay to you know I give him a pad on the ass. American look it's just I just don't understand this whole sports thing and this is like George always says I hate to agree with George ever but there's so much factory involved in all this and believe me I know factory trust me I'm an expert. No listen when you when you say it it's just a guess when I say it it's from experience I know it okay when I see it when I I know it yeah I don't think anybody can argue that okay well so there you go to voice of experience right too much factory just like football my god talk about a fatty sport all these guys out there in a mud and luck like depot used to say what he used to talk about with their take you are we're in a tight pants squirming around in the mud grab each other around the cross what what is that what what is that yeah all actually if I was on the ball I was in better practice I had a better response it's a day club you know I forgot about him how to do it by the way I had a track in the middle of time that's tracked down our good friend out goal stand see if he can they're cost more trouble for all you know he you it just there was an episode the kind like went almost unnoticed which is really sad because really in his own desire way he's a good guy he means well you know he's always enemy but he's easy good guy basically and they did the him the same thing they did the very flint without the bullet you know right and the same thing they did the lany bruce and the same thing they tried to do the George Carlin the they succeeded with George Carlin a neutered him so that he's basically people think he's very funny but it doesn't say anything anymore you know he just has a lot of corny routines but he's not not like he used to be he's a shadow of what he wants what even we discussed at the other day the only good thing I've seen him do in a long time what was the movie with that thing and I can't ever think of the name of that that thing and then aflact dog month dog month dog month dog month he and me of course it was only a cameo he was only in for like about few seconds but it was the priest and i was funny and i was very good but he raises right very uh irreverent very very very good 800 81 votes on the pool who has the best ass jalo 216 i think all your people are voting on that all the who the like a big shirk ass they don't care what it's attached to in fact i think a lot of these guys who just just hit the ass home there's nothing wrong with razz it's her face that's the uh if you know there is something wrong with their ass it's about three sizes too big but other than that well listen if that's what you like you got it she's nauseating she makes you love you that's right but i think because of razz and i turn you want thing if she's in a movie man you can bat your life it's like been aflact it's the same thing although dire was good i take it back he wasn't one good movie he was also in a movie with uh what's your name with uh oh she's in the nishikago about how he had amnesia send her bullet send her bullet remember that movie that was pretty good never saw it oh you'd like that what i'm not gonna send you any more movies it's starting to cost me about horses of nature is that was that it yeah never saw it well then how do you know what it's about i'm up on these things it was pretty interesting i like send her bullet anyway yes i don't like the naff like jalo 2017 angeline july 130 i hit this pull 136 will shame on you 15 point 3 percent what do you know about ass you just jealous because you've got an ugly ass that this you only reason anybody would vote i hit this pull right or maybe they just don't think it's as intellectual as our pull up well listen you know i've got these pull ideas to come up with every day we got to like alternate we can't keep like heavy duty like uh you know world war three every day right right you know who those like and that a little bit those people that vote that those are just the the permanently mal content today but that's an awful lot 15 yeah sure you people okay to have a but there's Anderson pooper man he nearly got his ass nailed her in Afghanistan you see that yesterday speak of as an honest oh also let's go to the catacombs in Paris i saw it on the travel channel last night they they were running out of land so they were instead of wasting all the well with those cemeteries that they had all those gigantic cemeteries they dug up all the graves and they put in the catacombs they put all the bone on the skulls i was in the area that we might have been watching the same thing wow that is kind of freaky and they they can't of course nice and yeah the beast is got ninety five he has one hell of an ass man there are some states i think like Rhode Island isn't quite as big by five we've got today's primary day Rhode Island a bunch of other places moriah carry eighty five written a forty nine moriah carry what was that's sent us with her she's got a bigger ass than she's got now he's all ass now he's your got a rate voice don't knock the least written a forty nine time bready forty six three he remains read on britney's butt so so so three so three of our guarantee thirty three opera got twenty six man oh man when she farce the universe like uh goes out of kilter for a while can you even imagine wow where the dollar time cruise was jumping up and down in the couch it'd be late looking talk Jessica bill nineteen time cruise seventeen be the gyra fifteen for eight he quins got a dozen and i'd like to see them all Jennifer colleagues got three as to ask kind of an oaks got three and came up some doesn't have any she got a fly that doesn't have any ask well maybe that's the deal maybe he misunderstood the poll because obviously these people are in the size whether it's ass or whatever else that that you know that i'm not gonna go into it don't go into it now you know i've said it before don't go to ask i just don't understand i don't i just don't don't understand people who are whatever whatever the appendage might be i said yeah and they they don't care what's connected to no i don't understand that no you want to say i mean big boobs are nice but if it's connected to an ugly person that's what they how right to a like what britney looks like now for example a cow a pig a disgusting or anchor i let's see we ever get an answer on a account from uh i think he's being so i'm just going to ask you if i know these will you right or not force radio five you're doing a good event does she Gordon Lydia they don't come any worse than the erogger you love you give us time to it i do need you for us i'm the girl that i'm in my tummy that's a girl that's a girl now you're loving you i'll put you to your sins of the people say i'm sorry you i'm sorry you already made music history by recording our first English language album and now she's taking our our forms to the next level every recording songs we're already it's an English only this time ready. caretaker You can do it that way. I'm glad to introduce you to the company. I'm glad to have you. It's a fun part of me. It's a really, really light security, laundry service. That you really, really, really like her new CD. Can't hear us things that the people see. No, the name was an essential and essential tool. It's a key kick serious act. You're curious, somebody who's done her honor. He also put her honor and he also at the end of his facts. Little comments too. We both screwed up real bad on F-Centrum. First of all, then F-C wasn't in that movie. He wasn't in that movie with her, but that wasn't the one. Okay. No, it was who was the guy? Why are you sleeping? Oh, never heard of it. Did you see that? Don't pull him in? No. Well, that's when I was talking about. Okay. Take it collecting. Real man that pretends to be engaged to the unconscious man, but can't fool his brother. Sorry. It's cute. Never heard of it. You didn't hear of it? What's it called? It's called. Why do we're sleeping? Never heard of it. It's got 6.4 out of 10, which doesn't come close to the 7.3 mean quick. It's an IMDB. Jack Warden's in and he just croaked. Peter Boyle is in it. Peter Gallagher. Peter O'Toole? He's not in. Peter Boyle. Peter Boyle. He's pretty good. I'm thankful I've been affliction and see I made a mistake. Although he wasn't someone with her, which I can't think of what it was and I don't want to know. It's a little sign here about him, the better. I even googled him and guess what? He's working on for 2007. He'd been afflact, math dayman project. They're working on it together. Oh, good. And the movie too. I don't know. I mean, there's some people. It's just, what's the point? You know, that doesn't make sense. It doesn't work. I just get so tired of people trying to pull the wool over my eyes and my whole life. Yeah? Right Tommy? You're fairie. Not our time. I'm talking about Tommy Cruz. Did you see Tommy Cruz at the game, where's that? No, I did not. Did what's the Marlon Game? No, he was at the Red Skins Game. Oh, the football game. Now I watched how many seconds did that. I watched. I turned it on to see who was on Monday night football. And it saw San Diego and Washington. And I turned it off immediately. I thought, what a dream match up. That is, if you look at it, we've got nightmares. And of course, I think it was a score of 20 years ago. Yeah. San Diego, the Charges is mocked up the field with them. And the Red Skins suck. So Tommy Cruz was there, huh? Well, now San Diego beat Oakland. This was the Red Skins Minnesota. When was that? There were two games last night. There were two Monday night games. Yeah, it was a double header. San Diego beat the hood on, they play Oakland. Oh, that's right. Oakland. Well, I must suck. Oh, brother. But Tommy Cruz was in DC. You know, make a little appearance at the football game. DC or DC. DC. But that's what they say. You're fairly anyway. Isn't that great? I wonder if you got to show where the guys after the game, you think? Maybe he had Kate Kaden there. What's her kiddie in there? Are you doing there? What? What? Oh, yeah. How about Baby Surrey was Baby Surrey with a friend Johns Hopkins out there too? Yeah. Good. You know, he was with American Airlines, saved their outrage that the depiction of the airline and the ABC mini series the path to 911. Airlines spokesman Roger Frisels said yesterday that the miniseries falsely portrays an American date-added at Boston's Logan Airport allowing the terrorist down to a flight despite a warning that he might have been a threat. It's important for the public to know that the ABC dramatization is inaccurate and an irresponsible in his portrayal of a airport check in the vents that occurred on the morning of September 11th, Frisels said. What if he's kind of lucky Frisels? I don't know. There was someone there, a country guy named Liffy Frisel? I'll let you know. Oh, come on. You better brush up on your country music man. They just had the country music awards. Who won it? I don't know. Who flights operated by a forward-based American and airlines were hijacked in the attacks in the Indiana, yeah? ABC officials did not respond to calls or emails requesting common A.M. their concerns yesterday. Frisels said American is alerted. ABC was concerns, but also has no response. People are pissed off and part of the only good news, of course, is that nobody watched it. It's a very mediocre ratings and anybody with a brain didn't watch it. And the only people who did watch it probably were that 33% of continue kissing bushes and speak new bass. If we're going to ask the question, who is the biggest answer, there's no question he'd win that hands down, but that's not the question. Who has the best ass? And look at that, toward Brady Quinn's only got 13. But that number was good enough for Dan Moreno, must be good enough for Brady. Tom Brady's got 43. That makes me really wonder about you, people, you know? And then make you wonder about some of this crowd? I don't worry about them at all. You know, I put something on there for everybody, you know, some people have a place to go. And he just pulled by the way, is 15% really pisses me off. And second place right on, right on J.L. Zass. But that Tom Brady having all those quotes, I bet some of those are from guys. How about you know what I mean? One in five Canadians speaking of gay, believes that the attacks on the US and 9. Love and had nothing to do with those some of it. And we're actually a plot by influential Americans according to a new poll release yesterday. How do you like Dan A? Uh-huh. The ifs thus read, poll found that 22% of Canadians and 26% of young Canadians agree with the conspiracy theory. The number was the highest at 32% in Quebec, which is only least support for the US war on terror. That war on terror. I had an article about 30 of them. You can't have a war on terror, okay? And the war is not. Huh? And the reason, one. No, of course not. But it's just another one of those catchy buzzwords or clichés. You know, part of the series of talking points. See, right in America is windled down to talking points. Since what it's all about. There are no more political campaigns based on any issues. It's all just been reduced to talking points. My ass. The poll asked of the events of 9.11, including the thousands of American citizens who lost their lives and met. They were actually orchestrated by a group of highly influential Americans and others as part of a wider global conspiracy to profit from and gain power and were actually protecting or some of the law and for being captured. What a concept. Conspiracy theories are popular as we all know, as it shows poster Paul Orovan. 66% of the actions were carried out by the law and the cycles as an attack on the Western and as part of the global war of terror against Western and affluent democracies. 12% said neither are we fused to answer because they value their lives. Their afraid that their votes will be traced and it will be a knock on their door to your clock in the morning. And won't be Xavier Suarez and his bathroom either. Well, be sure, Mr. Endoing. Yeah, Royo. Those with whatever happened to the good old days when we had Joe Gerston, where it housed Joe Gerston, he was also going to hurt you. I don't know what happened to Joe Gerston. They still haven't found him. He's in Australia. Have it a good time. In fact, maybe he was the one who stuck that thing through Steve Irwin's heart. Croaky. Yeah, a lawyer pissed me off. He was always a little cranky. Cracky. Yeah, that too. Joe Gerston. 945 Otsman will slide into that thousand now. Now that we're back on this full-time schedule. Do you think that has anything to do with it? No. Kate Hussard doesn't have any votes by the way. Because she doesn't have any. Yeah. Croaky has no ass. That would be like saying Kate Moss. Yeah. Karen Carpenter. Kate Martin will be the big ass than Kate Hudson. I mean, the racer on a pencil is bigger than her ass. 911 themed ad to tell Americans like to spend their vote. Oh, here's the new campaign. They're doing two things. They're smearing the Democratic candidates. They're spending $45 million to do that throughout Wingers. And a new ad been placed in key markets by a new Con think tank. Well, tell Americans that their lives would really depend on their votes in the upcoming midterm election. If you go Republican, you'll be alive if you're a Democrat. You're dead. Yeah, that's basically what it boils down to. I'm going to tell you right now, no matter what you vote for, you will be eventually dead. Oh, no. In fact, go to the cat combs and take a look at all those. See, when you look at the bones and the skulls and make sure you wonder about, well, thank God, the souls escaped and they went up to have some. Or somebody's like, the house. The rest of the body, it looked into good, no mole, you know. Over images of the 2001 attack on the World Trade Center, not that they would politicize that, of course. And off-camera narrator will tell voters in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Virginia, and Vermont that the world is a dangerous place. His lament terrorist, hey, that's for who we are and what we stand for. The Center for Security Policy and Organization linked to a number of well-known Neocons produced the ad. The look tends to be nonpartisan in the center. Hey, thanks to the LFD ABC miniseries. The Center for Security Law is the one one part of the scene. The center is around the widely used Republican cut and run talking point. Although we are again with those freaking talk and points. The 60 seconds spot are used that an exit from our rack would be seen as a sign of weakness by America's enemies. Anti-American statements from a variety of Muslims in Middle East and countries also are displayed on screen as the narrator continues. The next time someone suggests to America, we should cut and run from New Orleans, here, ask them run to wear. I noticed that the bush must be yesterday in one of his 85s switches, was talking about the middle East, your in terror from the Middle East. from the Middle East. See this goes back again to this whole neocompting, a re-shaping in the Middle East, taking over invading, occupying, hooking up the American tree, oil, fear all these things, you know, just the latest crusade. Rich ties right in by the way, I never got to it yesterday, which I never got to a lot of stuff. See, that's a good day that can keep my pile going over long-nice, it's not going pile, it does it's a little bit. Where's that thing about the Coca-Cola factory that just opened up an Afghanistan? They just had a gigantic plant. This is one of the few plants that wasn't involved with the Opium tree. Let's see, where the hell is it? Oh, here it is, $25 million Coca-Cola plant opened in Afghanistan. Let's share it. Things go better with Opium. I mean, with a pie poppy, with Coke, President Humid Carzard, that Unicale Stood, formerly open to $25 million Coca-Cola, bottling plant, one of the most significant investments in Afghanistan, since he's supposed to know seeing the Taliban five years ago, but our good friends, the packies, just made a pact with the Taliban and they said, hey, you do whatever it had you want. We like you guys. And Carmarke down here in a pack is then a hangout because we can't tell which one has the Tony. Tarzard said it was an endorsement of the government's effort to push ahead with reconstructive the word damage country. The plant had its first products which will compete with imports from Pakistan and Iran on the streets of the capital in January. Packers stand Iran and Kabul, things go better with Coke and Opium. The biggest name. So this challenge like this is the O'Rotters for 20560-18. This is the New O'Rottershow. This is your point. Those are those of the audience. Any questions? I'm the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach. Last evening came and Elvish Statesman, a living legend. The most pious views in the world in Miami Beach. You are the holiest people to unguar as everything. Even God wasn't close to my Olympics. So as I saw my aledsky, forget about that dish for God. He used the white ship and follow him. Look at if he worked on the street, he would talk about how slow he worked, how fast and he had a dog, a cow, a horse, and he said, don't get up, but type once I'm wearing this little dally down in Miami Beach. And he sued the unboys. Come up with you. I'm a cousin. I was going to be there with my girlfriend. I was standing in the background. And they came up with a sinister landscape. We were there. We like to get your autograph. And he kind of looked at it seriously. And they were like, oh my god. Because what I do when I cat him, he'll ward. And so what we figured to be worth some money, something Mr. Last evening said no sign, no sign of autographs. And he sat there and saw me to be the son of World War III. And he all known those people all in shame, and all that was done, he said, don't get mad. He's all those down. What the hell? Does that watch a really shiver like a dog or a wild? There are no drugs. And he said, don't get mad. And he said, don't get mad. And he said, don't get mad. And he sat there and saw me to be the son of World War III. And I know that. And it's really big. But it's really big. It's really big. And I know that. Look at that CNN's Nick Robertson. Visitive religious school in Pakistan. Look at A. You watching this? No. The Madrasen, they got all these kids with a schmothes under it. And they're dovinning man. They're rockin' back and forth with a corrent. The same crap is still going on. War Pakistan, maybe now. No, no, no. That's a rough year. But it's really big. It's not my net. And I get big. And I know that I'm a real big. And I know that I'm a real big. And I know that I'm a real big. It's a small fight. There's a small contrast. There are 15,000 in Pakistan. This month, all I'm going to receive does is run some of the largest anywhere. He says he met in some of the modern describes himself as being ideologically close to the world's most wanted terrorist. In fact, he says, Jehat, war with one's self, amongst enemies, a holy war, is part of the Quran. So he must teach it. We have been asked by the government. Man kinder. You should stop teaching. The jihad, the jihad. So we tell them that we can't stop it. Because we cannot make any amendment in Islam. Right. Let's hear it for our good buddies. The package. Yeah. And people can understand why these kids are so fanatic that they will in the blow themselves up for, you know, Dehyde. They seem to be packing. Not to mention, of course, those seven versions. I wonder if all those people in the, um, canocomes. I wonder if they got their seven versions before they went off to their just rewards. They were French. Or we thought they got their just French desserts. You're going to be so excited when you hear why? Just discovered article from today. For the sake of you, right. Yes. Doug Thompson, Kevin Hubler, he must be writing from a bunker somewhere. How are you? He's in the catacom. Uh-huh. Because man, he, you thought the one yesterday was heavy duty way to hear this. The face of a mad man. He says, one only needed to look into the angry out of control face of George W. Borschtering, an interview broadcast on NBC Monday to realize the president of the United States is a mad man. Borschtering is cool with all people mad, loud or of NBC's today show. If Bush can't handle himself with a pavla producing journalist, they want to be like loud or how to help him be expected to protect this nation in times of crisis. Vains bold and bushes face anger flashed, rise that darted from side to side. This was not a man in control. You normally find full transcripts of Bush's interviews on the White House website, but the transcript of this one, tape Friday is conveniently missing. I'm sure somebody in the White House in the West Wing sent down the order. Don't put anything about the law interview in the White House. Jesus Christ, the president, comes off like a crazy man. Maybe Bush comes off like a crazy man because that's exactly what he is. Here's a partial transcript, courtesy of the Crook's and Liars website. Lower, and yet you admitted that these were, there were CIA secret facilities. Okay, Bush, so what? Why is that not within the law? Lower, the head of MSC International says secret sites are against international law. Bush, well, we just disagree with them. Plus, my job is to protect you. And most American people, by the end of them, that we had, who we think is the mastermind of 9-11, they would say, why don't you see if you can't get information without torturing him, which is what we did. Lower, I don't want to let this within the law issues slip through. I mean, in fact, there was waterboarding, he was with Collin Chicma Hammond, and for the viewers, that's basically when you strap someone to a board, and you make them feel as if they're going to drown by putting them under water, as if that was legal and with the law. Why can't you do it in quantum? Why did you have to go to a secret location around the world? Bush, I'm not going to talk about techniques, and I'm not explaining to the enemy what we're doing. All I'm telling you is that you've asked me whether or not we're doing things to protect American people, and I want you to work in people that know we are doing so. Those of us who have watched Bush over the years already know he was an arrogant SOV, we've also seen increasing evidence that questions his mental stability. Now he flips about the country trying one more time to sell his failed Iraq war, make political hey out of the 9 level of tax, the nation gets more and more chances to look into the eyes of a mad man. Dr. Justin Frank, the prominent George Washington side coach who wrote that book, Bush on the couch inside the mind of the present, has cast a professional eye on W for years. He doesn't like what his clinical and analytical mind finds. With every passing week, Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own making, Frank says, Bush, when courted, is a dangerous fighter. He makes choices that are not good for the country. They're good for him and for rubbing our noses in his shmit. We saw some of that in the matlaw interview. Bush got in law as face, jamming his finger at the reporter shaking with rage. Dr. Frank long ago concluded that Bush is a paranoid megalomaniac, a despid out of touch with reality. He writes, psychoanalytic theories existed. Bush is too enemies and aspect of himself. The overwhelming anxiety he works so hard to manage. For Bush lying remains a central defense mechanism, managing his fears. He lies far more to himself, altering his perception of external or internal reality. The fulfillment of his psychic need to maintain order is anxiety, is so great that he can't shift his thinking to account for new information. In other words, a madman will somebody please call the guys in the white jackets to hold his lunatic off to the place with the padded rooms before he destroys us and the rest of the world. How do you like that? And you wonder where they want him off the internet? Yeah. They want him off the planet. They want him on your reign. That's why they took Pluto out of the solar system. They declansified it. It makes us feel like your reign is a little closer. It's going to your reign is piezing with our pool. See how we're doing? Ninestety four man, just a matter of moments before we cross that thousand threshold. On earth is a malachy from our racky's over there in a ranch, shaking hands and kissy kissy with the off-ment in the giant. And that great? And you want to know why birds of the feather kissy kissy together? Ninestety seven nine boats. I mean, they're phonetical, lunatics is what they are, okay? The crazy people. And of course, we went in there and butcher a lot of people and put crazy people in charge. That makes sense to me, right? Sure. Who has the best ass? Maybe off-ma-digit, but longs on the pool. J.Lo. 229. I hate this pool, 145, 14.8 percent. At least we got an under 15 percent. See now that I said that now they'll all jump on it, as if I cared. We cared no. How by the way, how's the information coming out of the counter-ass debate? That's, yeah. Angelina Jolie 143. Well, if it's supposed to be on the long today, which I believe then the probably, you know, time's away from, but probably isn't. Because it's Brian Schmutz. He's done a hell of a job since he came back. My God. He has really, I mean, you talk about spectacular things. Sales people are ice-holes. Angelina Jolie 143 for the best ass. The beast 102. He is really getting the true recognition he deserves for that ass. Brian, care 89, Brittany 52, Tom Brady is still right. Brittany's but 44. Sofia Vergara 35. Vita Gara 31. What about Randy Gara? He's the play for a space for the hurricane. Jessica Beaux 28, or per 28. Tommy crew 17. He's right under Oprah. Brady Quinn 13. He's right under Tommy. And boy, he's not too happy about it. She just went on there and she's zooming up the list. She's got a little like, go girl. We hate you if you're a little like she care. We just thought, hey, we're going to come to your house and kid your kids. Jennifer Connelly 6, Connie Monogue 6, and Kate Hudson for some strange reasons. Got the big gun. Although I hear her ass really is, lock solid. Speaking of the big gun. Did I promote this award winning lineup? I guess I did. Well, now that we're getting into the swing of it now, we can just get some of the sports off of that morning show. Don't think he's doing that right now. Let's see if he'll rock your sports. Then chip power manure. Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. That's a looping. You know what the plan is now, it's just a boat. And I thought it's just a short rate of seeing the long. We're about to go cut a boat. The plan is to find you, between 90 and 90. We have to go to boat, but now it's safe. It's just a tiny ball of ice. Welcome. For scientists and tourists and put you down. Stay safe, and we know just from where we go. Me and I plan it. You need to go. You need to go. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. When you were a man, you were a star. You made me go to the water tube off to the boat. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Don't know why you are so hidden. So let me step down, baby. So let's step in. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yes, it's showing the scientific. They're going to scientists with the scientific clue of the solar system. I don't know. Mickey Mouse. I swear. Oh, it's close. It's thinking to Mickey Mouse by, I sure hope that everybody will work out his Disney. And he will soon. Until I'm the drop dead. Somebody says, let's see, Brian and coconut Creek. How about Jessica Alba for the ass pool? Well, we're wrong with that. I've got a lot of people would mind seeing her in Jennifer, Conley, ass to ass. Maybe her in Tom Brady, ass to ass. Or maybe she could be one of the Brady's bunch. Wait, didn't you hear that? You're love this man. You know, Dick Cheney that was on air talking with Tim Russard on Sunday. What is he? Will line lines? Vice President Dick Cheney will be attending a fundraiser for representative Randy Cool Republican New York and Lates September. The Vice President and Cool have each year the measure of infamy, for instance, involving firearm. Cheney of course accidentally shot his hunting partner Harry Whittington in the face earlier this year. A lot of corn to divorce records obtained by Brostory. Cool runs bullied his wife with shotgun. The San Francisco Chronicle loaded in a 2004 article. That pool had passed runs with a law including arrested in 1997 for drunk and driving. Cool license was suspended for six months. Cool filed for divorce. Cool's wife filed for divorce in late 1998, charging that cool endangered her mental and physical well-being and rendered an unsafe and improper for the parties to continue to reside together. After Cool was arrested in 1997 for drunk and driving, that refused his wife's request to attend counseling to deal with his exemption, excessive consumption of alcoholic beverages. As we saw that arrest, Cool had his driver's license suspended for six months. Laws system, Grasional campaign, bit by publicly discussing the arrest. Cool is considered a vulnerable and competently mental relation. Says if you'll recall, Wiley reported divorce records showed that Cool currently running for a second term pulled not one but two shotguns in his wife during an 1994 dinner party if they're home. Must have been a hell of a party. Cool is actually also described. It was an abusive drunk, cool hustled women. Cheney, the man who may always be remembered for accidentally shooting his good friend. On a hunting trip, as agreed to do a private photo op at a September 22 fundraiser for Cool in Rochester, right across the lake. As one democratic operator said, I can't tell what Cheney likes best about him. Cool's pension for rubber stamping the president or for combining beer with firearm use. I like that. That's Cheney's kind of guy if he asked me. Sounds like it's right up his alley. But there's how many cars I have. The same house, it's democratically elected government. Wow. What's that new thing on his trip? Look at that. Stickin' straight up in the air. The tassel? That's the same old, the second scott some kind of beer. It's been aroused. Standing straight. Straight up in the air. Mike Whitney writes, I wonder if he's kind of my good buddy Ray Whitney, I doubt it. By the way, he can put my name on the cup next year's Ray and the Stanley cup too. Mike Whitney writes, he says, if you like this line, let me love the next. Uh-oh. This is on the smirkling chimp. And by the way, great new format on the smirking chimp, it makes it so much easier for us to use all our, I mean for it to read their articles. Right? Right. Josh ain't too happy about it because it means that because they keep putting new stuff on their all throughout the day, and I'm on top of it man, like stink on Greg. Just think on Joyce. And that means that Josh has got all these, he's not too happy about it. He told me before to show we said, if I don't cut the crap, he's going to start like they're getting revolting. That's right. Anybody who likes very bonds as much as you do is already revolting. Got a good head start. I don't like that. For the Anderson's poop, we're sure if they don't get him in the, uh, rectum in, in Afghanistan. Because wouldn't be the first time. 1,000, 15 votes. To a large extent, the war on terror is a shabby promotional scheme, designed to mobilize the nation for a permanent state of war while critiming civil liberties. I would say that is- Absolutely correct. There's nothing original in this analysis, but it does explain the importance of media as a vehicle for Bush's public relations campaign. It also explains why high-ranking officials in the administration are still provided on limited airtime to reiterate the same bland bromides over and over again without things challenged. To commemorate the fifth year anniversary of 9-11, the political talk show is, again, given Cheney Rice and Bush, and open-formed make their claim that America is safer, and that we are winning the war on terror. Cheney, once too far as to say, we've done a hell of a job here at home on Homeland Security. I don't know how you can explain five years of no attacks, five years of successful disruption of attacks, five years of defeating the efforts of al-Qaeda to come back and kill more Americans. In Cheney's mind, the government is performing its task satisfactorily if he can say, what are you complaining about you still live aren't you? This is a fair indication of how far the bar has been lowered for government accountability since Bush took office. Connelly's is performance on CNN was grimmer than Cheney's, Rice repeated the absurd claim that the US might yet uncover evidence of links between South and Al-Qaeda. The word ties between Iraq and Al-Qaeda, she said, don't confuse her with the facts. The fact that government officials lie is hardly shocking or newsworthy, what it's surprising, however, is the complicity of the media and propagating those decisions without argument. As Robert Fist noted some time ago, the news should actually be called, high-ranking government officials said, since the news exclusively reflects the warm-ungering business from a perspective of government. This phenomenon has gotten steadily worsened since the attacks of 9-11, in fact the war on terror is the greatest PR campaign of all time involving all the major media, which continued to promote these same-tired themes, odd nauseam. There is virtually no refuge in the corporate media for the nearly 40% of the public who don't accept the official version of 9-11 or for the 63% of Americans no longer believe the one who was worth it or for the vast number of people that don't believe we are safer. Their views are simply dismissed as irrelevant since they run advanced objectives of ownership and the state. This open conspiracy of controlled media seems much more interesting to me than many of the anomalies surrounding the attacks of 9-11. At the very least, there's a concerted effort by corporate big ways in Western elites to manage public perceptions of an increasingly sophisticated disinformation campaign. Robert Fist all appears to be way out front of his colleagues in this regard by targeting the internet, chat rooms, blogs, liberals, journalists, and Arab media. The central part of the present campaign is now will continue to be the war on terror that threadbear PR scam which justifies America's global resource war. 9-11 is the unifying myth that animates the war on terror and without that point of reference the whole project would quickly unravel. If today's anniversary of 9-11 promised to be another feudal attempt to renegade the public to re-engage the public and try to show up for support, what was that word again? re-engage. Bush can be expected to invoke the same stalemate of dusty firemen and sweltering buildings while the bagpuds whale in the distance. The nation was again dumped into a bottomless pool of grief in the vain hope that their feelings would re-integrate the war effort. It didn't work. The American people are tired of a rack-tired of Bush tired of the war on terror. It'll take more than Bush's fame patriotism or David Horowitz's revisionist rehash in the past and 11 to better rise the war on terror. Even the best propaganda campaign has its limits. The only way to get the public back on board is with a massive casually producing event in the US, and don't think they haven't thought about that a Washington yet. I want that. Yeah, I don't. All of the rest of our threats nearby historic buildings in WFAA is in Dallas. Where is that? They sure you have had a little Schmiron for a second now to go off to some other crap. The genius. What the hell was that? Isn't WFAA in Dallas? I don't know. Well, there you go. Much of a building's on fire. Probably try to cover up the Kennedy assassination. The best talent for the basis of real rockiners for Shwitio 560. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Where are the exploding balls? I'm half-boy, and he comes into Bush's room to drive the Pacific Ocean. She puts that big rock truck in there. Makes me smile when she's so silent. I hope that Donald Compton Day, I hope that the new drama may ramp. I don't understand what you see in that guy. You feel stupid that he's so fast. I tell you what I let him hit him. That's what I want to hit him. I did the perfect bad shit. I find out what's in the tight ground. Yeah. You feel this firm. I see you this time. What's bad if you see. That you let me try. You take a strike. You are the right. I know that I'm off. But you took all the night. You feel this guy. You set it to peace. I want to find out what's wrong with him. You feel this guy. You found the guy. So I'm gonna die. No more. What did Ronnie do for you, man? Black dough. 13256. The SWQM. Oh yes, he's on a new guy close spot. I give up. Have you seen it? Oh, you know of you. He's seen it. Vurned Troyer. Many me. Oh no, I saw it. Yes. I think I should follow him. Poor guy. The little Richard wanted to think his number two. But that one. What do you mean poor guy? Vurned Troyer? Yes. Just because he's a music. Yeah. I got news for he's pulling a lot more cash than you ever seen. There's no doubt. But still. He got a pretty hot woman too. Yeah. There you go. You know, this guy's about two feet tall. Don't mean he ain't getting any action. Can't reach any lights, which is well, too bad. I'm sure he's got an ass system. Speaking of that, you know, I'm sending you finally after much scouring a picture of Kate Hudson from behind at the beach. Oh, but she's got five votes now. You want me one more white talking. I want to have for to get any votes. But they just not found it. They just found her ass. I want to have later. You got five votes, but she's still on the bottom. Kind of like that trout on the bottom yogurt. Let's see. Here's our B-sens effect from the University. Dives, no. As all these passes, we get from the University. Our B-my ass is both camper. Go to MSNBC and you are. Here, watch the video of Bush and Laura. I already seen it. Thank you very much. I already saw the Bush and Matt. Laura and if you didn't you see it? No. We're going to get to what happened in the space. And I'll just remember to watch it now. And like Doug Thompson was saying, He's a crazy group. And it was too. Oh, speaking of hockey. Any interest in the Panthers? Oh, this isn't about the Panthers, but it's a hockey story just came in. I'm sure that somebody out there is from the Toronto star. You know, there's Canadians, man. Two of says with a hockey hockey hockey. It's a quick hockey and a panic with a hockey already. Would you please? Two of the party. Yes, sir. The fuck. Twenty-nine seconds. That's the eighth time. That's the eighth time. That's great to talk about. Well, we don't care. Do we care? Sam Rosenkirs. The New York Island is a agreed to an unprecedented $67.5 million dollar 15 year contract for Goldsend to Rick D. Pietro. It looks pretty good to me, by the way. Pietro will earn four and a half million annually. The islanders have a news conference for later today. Four and a half million year for 15 years. $67.5 million for this punk. The owner of the team Charlie Wang is trying to show these committed to a building project. And D. Pietro showed these committed to the team once to be on Long Island. They're going to have to build a building first. They play like a toilet. The islanders. Even you wouldn't go to those games with you. Josh. No, I'm not talking to Josh. Oh, Josh, don't go to know. He's going to be going to some Panther games this year. Yeah, I'll go to a few. We love the Panther. They really suck. Anyway, let's take a look at the pool. We got $144. Nothing like that fantastic. We had yesterday on 9.11. But then again, that's hopefully a once in lifetime kind of thing, right? Right. And the response on the pool too, because it was an emotional, a knee-jerk response. They don't care about that article. I was pushing and they didn't care about that one. From Saturday, from 9.9. No. And if it is, even though we put a right on top, discovered the secret right way, that we're behind ABC's and I love the exception only. $34.00. That should have $3,000 on our website. $34.00. If you had been a little more clever, Josh, put the F-word or the SH-word, Nick, it would have had $3,000. That's right. You just give me the green light. I'll do that to every story. Yeah, you want to get a lot more action on their website. All you got to do is put the F-word or something like that or put some body part in the title of the story. Man, they'll be on the other side. I think I'm going to use it. Everywhere where it says Bush just preceded it with ethane. Right. Well, we already do that. You send the story. I'll make up my own titles. So, $35,000. And I read this or not. JLO 234 Best Dance. I hate this full 14% 148. We'll make it a little progress. Angelina Jolie 147, the Beast 102, Mariah Carey 90. She is scary. Britain 54, Tom Brady 46. We can't see them separate those two. Maybe he's the father for baby. Well, let's hear what's the look of the hell of a lot better than a cavehead was. Oh my God. Who's your daddy? Cavehead. Yeah. So, here for here, 37 Jessica Beal 33. I wonder if Jessica is kind of, you know, who? Simon's father. And I don't know if I can take this anymore. Hard deal. Not only like or more than that. He's connected to the universe and the birds. Oprah 29. She's curah is zooming up to the list. 27 and deservedly so. I'm going to tell you right now. If anybody don't like she curah, they've got to be gay. And even I like her. And her ass is dating. And she's dating. And she's dating. I don't know if she's curah, they've got to be gay. And even I like her. And her ass is dangerous. She's curah. I've a curah for it. But she and I are twins. You've got to dangerous and she's connected. I don't know it's adequate. We have a poster but. And Anderson is getting into. And she's dating. Oh, hard her. Yeah. And does anything that touches her right? I know. She curah 27. Tom Cruise 18. Brady Quinn's got 14. Jennifer Conley 10. How come we don't see her anymore? Her Jared Lido. I know he's got the band. I don't want to hear about his band. Tori. Turing with a band. Right. But what about movies man? Reckling was great as it was. And what is he done since then? I don't know. We can I am. And that's why we're going to up because you're. We'd like to read a lot in Jennifer Conley. What's not to like? And Sarah. Sarah Goldfarb. She's still in rehab. Jessica Alba's got nine. Kylie Monroe's got seven. And Kate Hudson's got six. All right. As we try to get Kate off the bottom. She's only got six out of a thousand. 61 vote. And I feel there's just a lot of pressure with all this. Oh and by the way, did I, I don't know what happened to it. I, I, I, I, I, I even know you sometimes stories that have like pictures in them. And they just disappeared. Nothing ever happened to them. But what about the debate with both, looks creak? I, yeah. I watched it. I got fooled by the title that I thought he was really going to get bitch left. What do you mean by that? What's said? Oh, the literal, well, blitz creak gets bitch well. No, no, verbally, intellectually, but not literally. I, I would, I would pay to see that. I watched it. But wasn't that a real good fly opener there about where to hell. He's coming from anybody who thinks they're going to get a objective news from both blitz creak. There, the, the number was, you know, Zionist and the universe on CNN and your dream and baby. He's, he's, he's hiding his halivine. He's back to us when I'm here in. See if you said it, it would be considered anti-Sematic. It's a semantic, but an old Jew like me, I can say it. He is nausea. Why, let's see, wolf blitz or CNN's teleive road. Oh, this is from the queer Arabs blog. Ranting's of anguish, our casting bitchy queer Arab Americans. Oh, they're going to find this. Huh? That's great. Please share it. Frequently. And anyway. This was from this path. No, from Sunday, August 20th. Wolf blitz or CNN's teleive road. It says watching the way the dish with wolf blitz or is the equivalent of watching a neocon Zionist propaganda hour. While many other reporters and personalities at CNN, like Larry King and Anderson Cooper, have been making a sense of opportunity and fair reporting blitz or is pretty much turned over his show to the Israeli and their neocon buddies. That shouldn't come as a surprise. One recalls that blitz or he used to live in Jerusalem and worked for the Jewish Lumpos. God is job at CNN after intense pressure from pro Israeli groups in the US who actually believe that the network was not too friendly to the Judeo-Fascist state, just for reporting the truth. Hopefully the powers that be at CNN will inject some balance on that show before we start confusing CNN with that other fair and balanced network. I do like that from the queer Arabs blog. I do like that. You're fair right now. Don't watch your mean creep by the way. And of course because I said it a bunch of people go out and buy it and you know, send us the money instead. We'll just tell you about it. How it stinks and sucks. Great idea. And like I said, you can't complain about the ending because there isn't any. It's kind of like the sports insanity on this radio station. It never ends. The biggest thing. I was going to come to tell you this. The first thing is to have the old rock. We're sending you a radio 560 each. Okay. And. The packies. There were ones that put them in Afghanistan so they have buddies running the year. They're neighbor to the north. It's a little less. 1130. Let's see. 1130 was. Was it. Okay. I'm going to get to 1100. I get very confused. I was going to get to 1100. I get very confused. W H O N D M O N I O. You better start learning your 50,000 watch giant radio stations. Back when we were going radio. They honestly just want honor. She's already got a pair. And most of the guys want to see him. I don't. Who has the best ass? J. L O 2 39. I hate this pull back up to 14% 159. V's got 106. I'm just skipping around Tom Brady 48. He's got V the ghetto beat. She's only got 45. Chakira is zooming up the list. 40. You go girl. You start it again. Tom Cruise 19. Brady Quinn 14. Oh, I got news for you. Well, there's the addresses. Look at that. Are there dovening man? Where I'm. I'm. Man. Man. See this is what it does to that good old time religion. Baby, there's a classic example. And then of course when they get to be like 131415. Oh, yeah. I'm going to kill myself for a while. I'm going to pull myself up. Look into it. See the little little tiny kids. Look at that pathetic. They make the organ on the orthodox Jews look like pikers. That's what the P. Now, you watch. They should have a doven off. Are you seeing it? The doven off. I don't know if I like that. Instead of having a job in a war. Is it everything? I don't know if it's a bombing. Have a doven off between the orthodox Jews and these guys. That's right. Last person standing with it all. A lot of papers is or same idea. Who's got the best hand here and who can dab in the longest without coming up for oxygen? Oh, that is just pathetic. 911's dark winter of the future rights robber Perry in a smircling chimp. I'm not going to read it. It's a very long article. I'm certainly not going to attempt to read the whole thing here. I don't want to read these fun fact. After these calls I've taken, they may stop doing this altogether. I may just sit here and invent every day for four hours. Okay. Let's go to the screen with about management. How is that a count coming by the way? We're going to info back. We're going to load back. Good. Good. Who the hell are they kidding back? They're way though. Chris is busy. He's busy. He's learning English. What? I don't know what you're laughing about. He won't speak English like anybody I've ever talked to. No? No. You've been in Tennessee. Yeah. He ain't from Tennessee. From North Carolina. I don't think I've ever said twice. Yeah. We should do these funny. Robert Perry says is the fifth anniversary of the 911 attack on full of the chemical of the chemical. It's like a sad rummits of the past. And more like a troubling glimpse of the future. I went over to a new age to a teleeterian. Isn't it loomly for the US or powerful right wing government tells lies. It didn't have been it by friendly media corporations. That sounds like America today, doesn't it? So we've been as the CIA and Senate intelligence committee finally. Now some of the many Iraq war falsehoods, code by George W. Bush and a senior advisors. Bush's mouth. Missed seasons and mouthings are obscured by Disney's ABC TV documentary. It's not huge ground up. Many most of the blame for 911 attacks. If we not on Bush, but I've been a crash. With Disney's selection of a right wing director and with a secrecy that's around the project, the path to 911 also had the sickening feel of a collaboration between a giant corporation and the Republican government and power. So less than two months before a pivotal national election, with Americans increasingly wondering how the nation got into the mess that faces today, this joint project of Disney and pro Bush operatives provides a narrative that focuses not on Bush blowing off CIA warnings of an appending attack in 2001. But on events dating back to 1993, the path to 911 which ABC touted is a public service shown with no commercial interruptions makes some of its right wing judgments with sneering a size from character such as wondering if attorney general Janet we know had any balls and others by mixing wheel and fabricated events to put Democrats in the worst possible light. And by the way, we know in Florida we know Janet we know's got big balls. Right. Harry. When the mysterious project finally was unveiled in mainstream media reviewer, someone Democrats started complaining about fabricated scenes, the right wing media responded with a counter attack accusing the protests in Democrats that threatened the first amendments guarantee a free speech. In other words, in the time when Republicans control the White House, the Congress, the US Supreme Court in increasing the American media, the Democrats still get transformed into the one threatening free speech for protesting their harsh and at times false depictions and events have led to the death of nearly 3,000 people. Media manipulation also appears likely to play a major part in the Republican strategy for the Democratic changes in the November 7th election. In the eight weeks to head Republicans and be expected to respond to their financial immediate advantages to wage personal attacks against Democratic challenges, this stood by district state by state. About four months ago, a Republican political operative told me about this strategy to disqualify Democratic candidates to a combination of negative research called Apple and the time to disseminate some of attack lines to conservative allies in the local national media. And it goes on. And on. But we know what's the point. What's he used? And here's all these little kids coming out of these madrases again. I thought that this was all supposed to stop. But that's supposed to stop who told you that. Of course, you know, who started that before the package, don't you? The ones who invented it. The authorities. Sure. The freaking Saudis invented this brainwashing technique where they had their own little. It's like sending all kids to Perokio school man or some are kids. Well, only they do it so much better, man. So much more intense. They just barely get a couple of seconds to come up for errors. Focus on the G had chapter. Were we seeing the groundwork of recruitment for the next generation of Holy Warriors? Absolutely. Yes you are. 12 13 at 560, W. What does this have to do with ass? The biggest thing. So far, we're in the O560. U.A.M. The world video 560. U.A.M. The time. Good work, my insurgent. You're waiting for Diann. Oh. Well, I don't assure you what a big ass ain't I wish to hear. And half. Yet don't you get like somebody put it up. But no, my baby pants. It ain't easy. I can't get. I can't get. I can't get. Right now, James, I want to be coming back. I have to say, considering we're a little bit of a bit of a contract. And you want to know what I'll say if I'm shut that transparent and loud? Why? That's easy. You're a little more. Oh, you think it's more. Right now, what you think is more. And I'm not going to be the show. You don't grow. I'm not going to be the show. I think they're all great, naturally, that's you today. That's it, my ratings have gone down in this day. And I think you're having a very long story. But James, I'm a woman. And we do. Yeah. All you need is how we can. All you need is how we can. All you need is a show. All you need is a show. All you need is a show. You need to wait a second. You need to wait a second. What? Are you going to just buy me? It's a show. Come on, I see it in five, 60. I don't see his name on his schedule anywhere. Maybe he's on over a weekend now. The, uh, a quick mic. You're going to see him on here. Looking over a weekend. I see the big O is on there. I don't see the crow anymore either. No. Now, do we ever get to the bottom of that? Would that was all about? Sure. One, what wasn't, want to say it again? He had some bad things to say to someone. Yeah. And so he's out. Well, who is the someone? Do we know or is it Mr. Sir? Can I say it? It's a very nice person in the county who didn't have it coming. And so he's out there. He didn't have his money. He didn't have his money. He took it out on the wrong person. I see. Well, there's nothing worse than somebody gets all bent out of shape. They don't get paid on paper. Or apparently he used some unsavory language. They really, he crossed. He didn't see you. Next time, did he? I don't know the question. I should have been in say, use that one. But he won't overline, yes. So what parents would have to come in and explain drama, diaphragm. Who would say such a thing anyway? Uh, Lindsey Gohan. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Contra Costa Times politics weblog says, Republicans read playboy. Ready for this? Okay. Temporacris, phony's, liars. Playboy magazine commissioned a polterwood restaurant is called a come and misconception that the majority of the streeters are liberal Democrats. And what would you have thought? Oh, I know the Republicans are filthy, dirty, filthy hypocrites, sex perverts, poor laundering. So I would have thought about 50, 50. Well, let's say people think only Democrats read playboy. Who knew? Playboy surveyed a thousand people. Half were drawn from an actually representative sample of adults aged 21 in order, while they'd have came from its subscriber roles. The odd premise aside, the magazine's playboy voter feature in this month's edition, outlined a following conclusions from a survey. 79% of those surveyed, this voted in the 2004 presidential election, 15 points hired them the national average. 36% of its readers are Republicans compared to 25% Democrat, 25% independent, and 14% other parties, like party animals. 72% of playboy readers, favor stem cell research, compared with 61% of the non-weed group sample, half of playboy readers oppose a ban on gay marriage, double the number in the non-weed group, half of playboy readers oppose a ban. Well, let's go to look at a naked women. If it was a playgirl doing the same thing, probably half of the readers would oppose a ban on whatever. Straight marriage. Half of the readers oppose a ban on gay marriage. I'm not following. That's not worded right. See that? We'll oppose the ban. Sure, number of how many Republicans you think. But two demands. This is the first of a two-part look at voting patterns of playboy readers. The second segment will appear in November edition, according to release from the magazine. I can shot 36% of playboy readers are Republicans. I would have thought more. Oh my god. And only 25% Democrats. And you know what they would say? Well, the Democrats are the ones reading playgirl. The guys. That's what they would say, isn't it? They would say, do fairy. 1171 votes. No, the king Hudson get off the bottom yet. Oh, shit. That's only because we got two late comers that are going to rate. They're going to hurt over her. It's going to be ass. Beyonce's got seven in Scarlett Johansson. Seven there. Bottom feeding at the moment. But is the old hood the hell I am. We're the Palestinian authority. Yeah, I'm out of here. Cox of hoist. Kate Hudson's got eight. They got seven. Kyle even owed nine. Jennifer Conley 11. See they forgot not about poor Jennifer Conley and Wreckly and for a dream. Who would have started promoting that movie again. Isn't that the one in Miguel City heeded like poison to understand it? I forgot. Oh, that was never that the Jai fell asleep during. Sorry. Rating Quinn 14. Tommy Cruz 20. Jessica Alba 27. Oh, I'm going from the bottom up because you haven't noticed. Where did I get stopped? Tommy Cargas. Me too. Jessica Alba 29. Oprah 32. So, if you ever get a 39. Jessica Beals asked. They think it's lovely 42. Shakira 44. Tom Brady 49. He's right on Vita Garra's butt. She's got 50. He's got 49. Brittany 54. I don't think Tom Brady's got a hot ass. Well, maybe hot. Mariah Carey 90. The beat 93. The beast 206. Angelina Jolie 153. I hit this pull 164. And Jailo. She's kicking ass. 245. Nobody can touch her. Ash net again. Who would I want to? I noticed that Puffy P. Did he? He wanted to become just did he? Yeah. I think the answer is all he did not. At least not her. But I mean, he got sued. Did somebody in Britain has already got that name trademark for something? Did you see that? I did not. So now he's just puff it up and puff it up and puff it up. Amy Fagan in the Washington Times, right? Send it see that line for GOP and Rhode Island primary. Today is election day. Maybe it's primary day. Not in Florida. But around the country, some important stuff. Send it Republicans face the prospect of one less seat wins the morning primary. But to say, if Senator Lincoln chiefie or is what's the name? Chris Matthews calls him on hard. Blank chiefie to show you his committee already. Link. If Senator Lincoln chiefie or liberal loses his primary here today to conservative Chandler Stephen Laffey, it'll be no laughing matter. I'll tell you that for the Republicans. Mr. Laffey has no chance to win a general election. We would find ourselves down the seat going to the November election. Said Dan Roya. Roya. Ronane. Inane. Spoken for the Republican and National Senator of committee. Mr. Ronane said the committee will not back. Mr. Laffey if he wins. But his confident that chiefie will prevail today. If Laffey wins, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid is one step closer to being Majority Leader, agreed David Winston, taste good like a cigarette should. A distant past to the Republican pollster. And a bitter how many people in his audience you think care about the Rhode Island Senate race? How many of you think? God turn in the old chance. But what? I would say more like maybe. Maybe. Yeah. So what tell my reading this for? For you. For your benefit. Did you vote? Did you go to Rhode Island? Vote? No. I'll be right back then. As a result, the National Republican, my sheen is devoted time money and resources to screen a primary victory for Link Chievy. Well, I said it up Chris Matthew. He's talking about a guy that talks about both sides of his. That's dumb ass. He makes me sick. In fact, I'll say it again. The only person I mentioned we see that I like is Keith Oberman. The rest of that work is garbage, man. Garbage. Pure Garbage. Even took a list of hold off here. We've very rarely seen him anymore. You have no idea who there is here. I'll tell you what thing. There is an amen in the world. I wouldn't want to have the voice of the list of holds come. He makes water, crack, I'd sound like guilty. I like that. Wow. Montana is going to a big deep booming voice. He's a great news reader guy. Lester hold. You never saw him. Black guy. Oh, that guy. You never saw a list of hold. Never heard of him. Christ, when are you going to get with me? You still don't watch Keith Oberman. What's wrong with you? Told you it's a bad time. What? 8 to 9 PM on MSNBC. That's KFC time. It's very important. You know what I can. You could figure out how to make that thing work. One of these days I will. You could PVR DVR it. 27 past noon. I listen. I'm swimming upstream like I got me. You know, I'm used to that. I don't care. All they care about is your cure is ass and about, you know, Lindsay, low end. Whatever. But all you know, and you want to know why? Because they're not because they're depraved. Because they're depraved. That's the problem. If they were getting any, it wouldn't be quite so concerned. It's like people that are worried about what everybody else and who they're doing, you know? If it's time to get into mattress because maybe you've been doing too much on air and wore that baby out in the mattress too. Don't waste your time in money driving the store's all over town. Especially those bedding and department stores where they rip you off and you got a waste all that gas and comparison shop. Forget about it. It's easy to get to a great mattress. Just make that one easy call I have been doing for years. Call 1-800 mattress. Get yourself factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during their so-called big sales. Plus dialing mattress is got 12 month financing too. Call 1-800 mattress. You get the lowest prices on the best brands. Celia and Cerdor, King Coil and Simmons, Temporary B.T. Cerdinand and Sposter too. Now, my mattress is ranked number one of the world of customers. Had a sex time in 10 years about that for a year as any continue to be because nobody can actually deal the best price. And certainly the best delivery. 99.7% of the time they're on time. You'll pay the day in time. You want that new mattress delivered seven days a week. 8-10pm. Pick the two are window and they show up on time. Even the very same day that you call and of course dial a mattress delivered all away around. Now that is real service. Call them today and we sleep in like a child as soon as night and for years to come in real comfort. Dial a mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-ES. 1-800 mattress. Leave off the last ask because it stands for Stupendous Savings. The biggest name. So, best talent to the business. The real Rogers. 4-20-5-60. 1-2-8-M. 1-800-M. The fridge is very fresh. 3-20. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. 1-800-M. It's just one of the depth salty,DAVID. I've never eaten differently to a previous salad-making waiter in my service. We've got one maybeана species. It's $15. We can have a bigger stuff today, right? We brought a thing now. And I'll do it in a new batch. Dude, we'll see. I'll take you guys one. The Jordaners Dateback Where's the Dolph yes? one guy that talks to me a goofy look guy look like somebody from the Lawrence of Alccio. That took a lot of talent I'm sure. Anyway I know you hate Albus like boys and that's one of the things that makes you a great American. It's a great idea. But, Comer was using an outdated chart of Lexington's Bluegrass Airport when that crash year happened. How do you like that? And the airline is now urging proudest music stream caution. Oh, two-eight. They got a big banner there remembering 51 91 there's a bunch of flowers but I think they'd probably rather have the people alive as in forget the flowers. Airlines spokeswoman Kate Marks said yesterday the alert was prompted because the airline had an old diagram of Bluegrass Airport. A week before the crash in airport, we'd pay being project, change the taxi route leading to the 7,000-foot-main runway that they should have used. But they didn't. Comer received a new chart two weeks after the crash killed 40-in-one of the 50 people on board. The previous chart had been updated since January. I think when you get on a plane out of it maybe big good idea the yellow off to the pilot you know go up to the cockpit and before they close the door. Hey Captain we got a new one. Dyer frame. What's going on? Are you causing trouble? You must be a terrorist. That's true. I'll take you rest away. Late last week the company updated its dispatch information for Bluegrass Airport cockpit cruise to the warning that some runway diagrams didn't actually reflect all the current signs and markings. I see. The late night. That's pathetic. I just can't as I get older and older. It just makes me want to vomit. We just don't care about human life. It's just numbers man. Just numbers. But that's just the world of the way it is. Nothing to do about it. It's always been that way. It's like all those people are not that. That catacombs. Mm-hmm. All those skulls and bones. Case you have an notice man. A lot of dead people around. Look at that Democrats' place blanched and bush beach. The Hamas flag government prime minister Ismail Haneah has agreed to join a unity government with Palestinian authority president Mahmouda Boss's more moderate Foss of party Israel. The U.S. and the European Union have said, Hamas must recognize Israel's right to exist or else. 255 votes on the poll about ass man. That's where it's at. Forget about all this stuff about Israel and Lisbon on and Iraq and Iran and Afghanistan and Taliban man. Forget that man. You got to do it with Lindsey Lone. What's it got to do with Lindsey Lone's private? And what does it got to do with who's going to win the game and the fact that the Marlon still can't throw off lies. Now let me ask you to to rain yesterday was there in climate weather was it a bad nasty day? I thought it all was a nice day. I would think for a ball game huh? Go out there and give a couple of winners. Sit there and enjoy the Marlon's are hotter than a firecracker. These kids that know that Dan ugly kid and all these other guys who's a kid that hit the tree home runs. Cody Ross. Cody Ross did any. I'm actually he's related to Rosie Ross. In fact he probably dry and helps drive him to the pine cone in every Friday night with a nap plan. What? I went to the road. Cody Ross from Walter Ross from a red Ross. I don't know who the hell that is. From Betsy Ross. And he had three home runs just a machete in the seven. I do believe in my right. You're right. See I know my crap and you want to know why because it doesn't take the long to sking or without. You just go on there and we'd like this enough to say hey look at that 16 to five. They kicked some acid again. Well, I'm not saying to play for it. I had that thing locked up for months now right. Oh yeah but it's not like they're not trying. I didn't say they weren't trying. I'm not trying to say they're laying down because that would be the last thing that the next would do would be laid out for the Marlins for Jeffery, Alborea. I wonder how Jeffery's getting along with Joe Gerardie these days huh? I'd like to see Joe Gerardie just kick his ass. Whenever you'd be great. Of course David Samson he could just sit on him. 1200 loving votes on the pool who has the best ass and jailer continues to be way out in the front man. She leads the pack. Nobody can touch you. I said that before. Quit saying it. Okay, let's think about your wheelie because here and on thanks to the people that are sending into pool thank you Steve and Mike and Melbourne. Although you're a second pool, Mike is pretty weak but nevertheless I'll take anything of this point and think about them. Steve's pool is good suggestion. I'm sure I do. I'm going to use that for tomorrow. I'm not going to give you the tip off on a right old than people be calling in huh? Now never to the mall. No. This is not part of that head start program. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6 to the Verizon singular. Wireless line. Now if you get a response from our sales department from Chris Jones or sales manager about this quite not. Pretty about the copy thing. If we're good about the fact that Troy Strandford's name is still in the horrible piece of copy. Hey listen if I wrote that I wouldn't put my name on it either. But what about the other thing? No. Now what what does that tell you? That isn't that little bit disturbing or might just over the end. Really. I'm not disturbing it all. I am. I mean I've been on how many years now has it been years? I mean I still know if I get a new piece of something for that. It would be nice to know if that's supposed to be on or not. As opposed to just saying, oh no, we checked and it's running tomorrow or whatever. Or they died and they closed up shop. Whatever it is. You know Chris that's all I asked an easy question. Does he respond? No. Do we get a answer? No. Any follow. Nothing. This is not good for my mental health being on here five days. We come back to two days through. They screwed it out. How about this? That's the part that's aggravating is that even being a zillion miles away from the name. They just tear your kissies out. Man, you need to say, I'm sharing. Art, we spot, I can't stop carrying a little body. I'll go into my box when they stick my fan asset a box. The ashes in an urn, I'll still be carrying. Okay. Have you tried drugs? No, but I think I'm going to start. Well, let me recommend a couple. No, I don't need any help. Believe me. If you have whatever you want, it's out there. WQAM. Hello. Oh, she's here. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. My girlfriend's got a far enough. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I want to speak to WJ in charge. I don't use QAM. I don't use QAM. WQAM. Hello. I know. Just got back before. Great time. Oh, you're fading, though. WQAM. Hello. No, you need to hide your body. Okay, sir. Is a channel on that list of yesterdays? Channel? Yeah. This guy's using a guy close by. Don't start bringing her story, I suspect. The lovely couple of guests. You want to put a channel on it? Definitely, sir. What about burn choreo? Take it. Okay. What about mini me, baby? I tell you that. That is the greatest ad campaign. Just as it is. And just when you think that you've seen them all, they can come out for these things. They want to be the best. The best part about that is, each time you see it, you watch it a little bit more closely. The blank look on the woman's face. You're talking about her plan and racking it. He's just going crazy. I'm not kidding. And she's just sitting there when I'm saying blank look on her face. It's just fabulous. I wonder if the other person was warned what the celebrity is going to do. No, no. You think they did that in one take? You know the money they're going to spend on this part, right now. They do those over and over and over again, man. It's a beautiful thing. Happy? And who needs that super getco anyway? I hate to get the f***ing stuff. Best challenge for you, sis. Me or Rogers. For Shredio 560. Yeah. You ain't in. Sorry. Only of my am I. Very instant new fall line of car. For him or her. Constable clothing. For today's section, we confused people. Ah, right, great shit. We've weapons that fight them all the way up to your neck. When the heat's not nerdy, it's burning in your head. You know, she's crazy. Ah, her hand or her complete line of music that's been abandoned. But you can pull all the way up to your clothes. I just love a man who wears a car or it's a man. Big hit with it. That's a creepy creepy guy. Stop. No. For him or her, now I've get a limited edition of John Carcine's Weird Creepy Songs and be with every 50-dollar car purchase. They'll blow it all crazy to Parkinson's. Well, 47 at 560 WCM for the second time or one day after we would do it. It's a bad president. A president. Sir. Well, I'm looking at the picture you sent me that you owe me. Now, here's Kate Hudson is walking the dog. Yeah. You see what the dog's doing? Two by the way. The dog is squatting by the way. So he's really showing us his ass. It's a picture from behind. And it's straight. There are the derailleur and the beach. He's walking this ugly roast dog. He looks like a bulldog or something. What kind of a dog would you say that is? I don't know. I should know. Brown. Well, I shouldn't say brown. But anyway, well, there's something brown there in this sand. But the dog is squatting. The dog's got a bigger ass than she did. That's not even a contest. No. She had your right. She has no ass. That's no ass. She has no fun. She has a great ass when she has no ass. No boobs in her face. It's kind of weak. Other than that, she's great. She's fabulous, man. Oh, and she can't act. But other than that, that's not the like. And she's full of crap and phony. But beside that, you know, the price must have been right. Wow. So that guy can have her. We won't be fighting. Okay. She's all yours, pal. Whoever the hell I was. David Lindorf's got a great idea. I'm the smurfling chimpsis commemorating 9-11 by impeaching the president. That's a great idea. I'm not going to start reading this. I wouldn't be done till midnight. We'll just have it on our website today tomorrow. One of the hell Josh gets around to it. And the fact of the matter is that you're not reading the stories that you're supposed to win. Who is it? Please put a couple of efforts in it or something. I commemorating F and 9-11 by impeaching the F and president or something like that. The mother F and, you know, symbol is junior. And right. Right. Band and Washington. Where's the free speech? So much free speech and patience capital and capital. A.L. and O.L. and O.L. I'm July 11, 2006. I was arrested for offering a citizen voice in the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing against the nomination of one of the Bush administration's architectures. William Haynes, former Department of Defense General Council for a life-tab appointment of the fourth circuit court of appeals. September 7th, I appeared in the criminal division of the superior court of the District of Columbia on charges of the certainly in disruptive conduct on the United States' capital grounds in July 11, 2006. During that appearance I was ordered by the court to stay away from the US capital, all Senate and House office buildings and committee hearing rooms and the streets around in the capital area. The court paid for state that I must abide by the sort until my case is disclosed of. And that any violation this order could result in your prosecution for contempt of court. The revocation of your release and or your detention pending final disposition of this case. I was released in my personal retagmatists, but instructed in writing that a warrant for your rest will be issued immediately upon any violation of a condition of this release and shall subject you to revocation of the release. In order of detention prosecution for contempt of court, a fine of number than a thousand dollars of imprisonment none more than six months of both. Another paragraph said that if you're convicted of an offense committed while released, you shall be sent into the following penalties. In prison that have not listed one year and not more than five years of convicted of committing a felony while released, and in prison that have not listed 90 days now more than one year, if convicted of committing a misdemeanor while released, such to be consecutive to any other sentence of imprisonment. All these prohibitions are because I stated in the US Congress that I'm opposed to torture, and if the Congress should not confirm a person associated with the Bush administration torture policies, these court orders definitely could tam my ability to voice to the US Congress. My concerns and the concerns of much of the American people about important issues they're considering, like the following the Congress will consider next week. Bush's demand that Congress authorized greater war on the Swiart's apathritis. Bush's demand that Congress agreed to military tribunals where defendants can be tried and convicted without seeing the evidence. A classified evidence can be used with needed defendants through their law as told about such information that prosecutors can rely on hearsay, evidence obtained indirectly, an evidence obtained by coercion if the panel chief deemed it reliable and directed related to the accusations. Bush's demand that Congress agreed to keep CIA's secret detention sites in other countries and Bush's demand that Congress confirmed John Bolton as US ambassador to the UN. Don't you believe that these are issues that we, the people, must instruct our Congress on how we feel? Of course you can call writer email your senators and congresspersons, but I like to go to the committee, rooms and look our elected officials in the eye and tell them what I think. It doesn't take long to tell them because the capital police officer in the hearing room usually arrives at your side quickly when you speak out. When you speak out in a committee room, our elected officials, those who serve us are left-release to sink statement of concerns about the issues. Hearings would probably be a lot better if the Congress persons had the same police at their elbows and anti-short or statements. I do understand that committees not take times generally to hear from the public in their committee rooms, lobbying for an issue was done in the halls and offices, but I think there's a role for a lightning comment that it comes with a risk of being arrested for disrupting the hearing or the minimum being miscored out of the hearing and later released. Now that I'm banned from the capital area, I hope others will come to the Congress and express their views. We did people must tell Congress to be brave and courageous in these perilous times. Now, of all times, we need strong character and moral courage from our Congress. Right. She was too well, as she got us as per our grant. Just like it says in that movie, baby, why we fight? The military and industrial and conveyor belt is complex, and at the fourth part of it, the think tanks, the stinkin' think tanks. Like they heritage foundation and all these other right-wing organizations. There are a few liberal things to like maybe three, you know, as opposed to 80 million right-wing think tanks. Right. Well, they have more money. Stink tanks. That's correct. 1235 OCDN care about Richard Melon's case for his finger and that thing would David Horowitz and that thing with phony thing on ABC. They didn't care about that. But that's the way it goes. You know, I'm going to continue pressing on, you know, I have my moments. In fact, the one thing that just bugs me the most, how many seconds would it have taken? To pick up the phone on the intercom and to buzz you or to walk in there and give you a note or during a break and say, so and so isn't on today, it's on tomorrow or whatever the brief answer was to the question. Because last two times I brought that up about another account, turns out that who was right? Yeah. I was. Yeah. And again, it's not costing me any money. It's costing them money. Right. Now, maybe they'd rather run all these trade outs spots like they haven't been saying, that's great. That's fine. You know, as opposed to getting paid. That's fine by me. I don't think so though. See, it's not that I'm not concerned about certain things, but it's not the sales department that I'm concerned with. It's already concerned. Our lead in number. Well, we seem to be doing pretty well. We're doing all right. We're doing great. We're not doing pretty well. You know, there's no reason to be complacent. No, I would agree with you. We didn't see you're trying to interfere with Kenny and Volusho again. I would never. You know, you're going to come on here and say, they're talking too much sports. I would never. And then Joe Bell come in here to a clock and kick your ass. Hey, Mike, I'm probably P right there and nobody can actually do it. He's going to P right there on the counter. I got a fresh roll of paper towels. Well, good. And then Chris Jones will come in and say, what's he bitching about? And then he didn't say to speak like that. He speaks for the real Southern drow. Yeah, he does. And then when he tells me that this new guy Hank, not connected with the other hand. If you say, okay, it's a new sales guy Hank is what? What was the expression he used about how throw and detail? And then he didn't put it on the piece of coffee. And of course, I use the term coffee loosely. And anyway, quit your bitch and just take the check every two weeks. You're right. I just I need a minute. I need medical. No therapy or so. That I can see a good 10 in May. And you have been putting me in a coma again. You're some needles in your eyes. Why does this man not stop? Okay, if it's going to be slapped just like you way through life. That's not it. Don't get long. They do. See, that has all right. Schluck. That's why they're going to guys are doing across the street point five and point nine. We were doing like one's in two. Is it possible like seven's and eight's? God. Oh, here's the story about those as stingrays. Not to attack stingrays. People are still off man. People are incredibly gay. Is that what it is? Yeah. You think gay? Well, that's not a call of the, I don't mean gay is a homosexual way. Gay then we're going to lay him away. Very, very silly things that people do. That is correct. Because most people are 80. But then when you look at those madrases, I'm glad that they're showing that over and over again. Because the American public hasn't seen that enough. They wonder how people can become so fanatic. And of course, they don't want to show too much of it because then they'll start thinking about, Oh, this has to do with religious brainwashing. And they don't want to talk too much about that. That's not really the same. So, they all have to be a real racist. We all are a racist. Force, radio, five, 60. You ain't damn. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Christine. He's a flaming home, no class, what cloud of Christian redneck, No child, Christian, a screaming, really being bad. Okay, okay, okay. Christian truth, ask him if he'll say no, Just for truth, he'll bring his voice down real long. Charlie, Chris, this, who burn it all in vain? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Chris is gay. For many men's right over, What she's saying? And things are gross, mocha. Come what's name? Without men in his loopholes, People are white. Christ is gay. But couldn't be denied this right being with neck, Christ gives up some fire. It's a gay, gay, Charlie, nice, a good, easy, gay. Christ is screaming, being bad. And you're fair. I don't want to five, six. I think it's great. I hope that he wins, of course, I don't want him to be the next governor. But if he does, because he would have heard of Jim Davis. But he is exactly. But if he does, when I think that after he gets an awkward, then then he ought to be publicly outed like in a public square. And then I would write, we're going to say, Oh, what was that? How do I tell us, you know? Wait, tell you here this. What? Forcing Lucy. That's where all the heavy duty stuff happens. Okay. 70, 70 year old local man who reportedly admitted Looking up women's skirts for 13 years. Wow, that was a neck. Was arrested yesterday in connection with an incident last month and a Walmart Supercenter in St. Lucy West. Harry Tasker of the 500 block of Southeast anchoring faces a video voyeurism charge. Tasker who declined comment today, reportedly told investigators, hey, been looking up women's skirts without their knowledge for about 13 years. Have we all? He said he used a mirror from the stores to stare up their skirts. Police learned of Tasker after women found him with a camera cell, a cell phone behind her. I think it's horrendous, I've connyed Sue for the seven load of Taskers neighbors. He just kept looking at you every time I walked past. And of course the fact that he was down on the floor on his hands and knees with the right phone flopped open in the warm crawling across the floor to the back. All right. Always looking straight up. 242 votes on the pool. We got a shot at 1300. That wouldn't be too bad. What would it? We'll take it. Since this says nothing to do with 9-11, but it does have to do with ass. Huh? Well, there's the Taliban again. And look at that. They're all dressed up there. And like one of the Paki, he said, how do we know the Taliban from the other guys? The schmacks are all the same. The beard's are all the same. How do we know? You should have all? I'd let God sort them out. That's the way to do it. That's you. Excuse anyway. The fact that they're closing up again to the Taliban and mollo Omar and all those guys. And as far as the kids, well, you saw that, that Matrossa video. They're going to grow up to be terrorists anyway. So just, you know, form all of it. Until we blow up Pakistan, I think we need to play that again in the game. But they're not going to do it. Now, there are good buddies, baby. Tom Hayes, right? So what is this from? Is this from anything we should be able to heal blue? Well, thank God. I should read that Doug Thompson thing over and over. Yes. Just not to say. He doesn't pull any punches. He tells it like it is. He said that Bush is crazy. Then a bed bug. He responsible in a madman. And a lunatic. All of these are the same. And that's why they won't let him out of playing. Tom Hayes says that we're different men going in different directions. A lot of visiting Egyptian student on scholarship. The other one, ex-copenative did. And job is an hotel security guard. But an aviation radio left in a high-rise hotel brought Abdaah Higazi and model of ferry together. And unfortunately, it's footnote to the 911 terrorist attacks. You're ferry. In his zeal-the-fight terror, ferry twisted the truth about the radio. Kpopul-of-contacting commercial pilots from the ground. And triggered an investigation that needlessly landed Higazi in jail for a month. Five years later, Higazi 35 is back in Egypt where he views his cases. A parable about the false suspicions. And jure by innocent young hero by Muslim men following the attacks. Now all the victims of 911 were in the 20,000 Pentagon. He said in a reason interview, there were other victims too. Attempts by the AP to contact 353-353 runs successful. There was no telephone listing for him. And a scomer attorney said they were out of touch. Speaking by phone from Cairo, Higazi recalled being through when he arrived in the US on August 27, 2001, to begin a graduate program in computers. His college temporarily put him up in a room on a 50-first-floor-themed Millennium Hotel in the shadow of the World Trade Center. He was there on the morning of 911 to play in struck with a force that took the hotel. During an evacuation he managed to grab only a student ID and cash. He later found housing in Brooklyn and started school. And her ferry. The Millennium Security Guard who had quit the New York New Jersey Police Force because of a drug problem was decided October to inventory items left behind by guests for a paper said. He reported to a supervisor that among the belongings found in a safe and room 51-01 with the aviation radio and Egyptian passport, Higazi. The discovery was probably to investigate. It is a believe the conspiracy or conspiracyor could have used the handheld device to coordinate with the hijackers of aiming airliners of the Twin Towers. It was considered an extremely important item of evidence from government français. And we were hearing about that at the time. Yep. And I'd die with the radio. When Higazi was summoned to the hotel and December to retrieve his belongings, the FBI confronted him with the radio. I'm sorry, this isn't my any told agents. The FBI breast decided to announce an arrest in him as a material witness. He was sure someone would quickly realize he'd been framed until he spotted Zacarius Moussawi inside a jail and Norm and hadn't. The man already known as the 20th hijacker was lodged in the same maximum security wing. Being in Moussawi's company and being scripted to shackled and insulted by guards was unnerving to a moderate Muslim who would never even read the Quran. All right, those kids will teach him how to do it. Rockin' in the sock and baby. That's when a really sunk in and I was in a very serious situation. He said he'd read to a polygraph exam and he'd start to the truth until an FBI agent made veiled to arrest against his family and Egypt. He broke down or responded with wild and cognitive retails. He found the radio on the subway. Now he saw the from the Egyptian military. Siting his confession, federal authorities charged him on January 11, 2002 and making false statements. Three days later, a private pilot who was staying on one floor below Higazi at the Millennium September 11, we turned the hotel looking for. His aviation radio. It's very recanted a story on January 16, court papers had the same day with no explanation. A deputy US Marshal removed Igazi shackles and told him you're free to go. About a year later, Igazi sued the hotel on the FBI agent of course as false statements for $20 million. He reached an underscore settlement with a hotel, a judge later third the agent of the ruling that's still being appealed. Now married and teaching computer courses, Igazi still被 his story performing the government. He says, you're fairy, but he also has fond memories of New Yorkers after recognizing him from news accounts, greeted him with kind words after he was freed. Aren't you the Egyptian man who he calls him saying, or sorry? Theory, who clearly go the on February 27, 2002, to the line of the FBI about the radio, served a sentence of weekends in jail for six months, then faded back in obscurity, his motives remain murky as well. That was during the time of patriotism he said is, as a sentencing, and I'm very, very sorry for that mistake. And we would say, don't do it again. See, that's one of the bad things that happens when he have any kind of a radio. Yeah? Or he was lying to the name of radio? Oh, that's the worst. That's the absolute worst. I mean, if we don't care about spots, why should we care about listeners, right? Oh yeah. 1254, what do you think? We got 1300 and our horizon? You can do it. I think we got a shot man. Sounds like it. 560, 560, 560, and the horizon were saying, we're easing back in a few calls here, and we don't want to overdo it. You know what I'm saying? We won't be able to put too much pressure on him. No pressure. Because if they feel pressured to call him then they like out of say something, and then of course if they don't say something then we bitch him out. So they feel very intimidated. Well, I'm not understanding what they're going to get us, just climbing this pole. Is she? Yes, yes. I'm going to spend my picture. I'm going to put it in La Vita, Luca. She's got a lot of way to go to catch Mariah Carey. I'll tell you that. And what about your care that was making such a big move? She's doing well, but Vita Carey has an ass. She's got 53 and four Tommy stuck there at 49. And Brady quit. He's only got 15. But he's just a beginner, you know? He's due to the ass scene. And if you believe that, man. Eric Margolis in the Toronto Sunrise, where we stand now, he says there's been no successful attack on North America since 9.11. But the US and Canada have generated new enemies. He says five years after 9, a lot of attacks here is where we stand. Our North American safer? Yes. Before 9, 11, the administration of the US President George Worsalok is predecessor. Ignored warnings of attacks. Today, security agents are vigilant. The information sharing remains a problem. Intensified border controls of raised North America's security, but of hurt tourism and trade and be devil travelers, dangerous gaps remain at sea and airports. While the US Congressman called Canada a hotbed of tourism, there are 12 million illegal aliens in the US. This little request situation makes a mockery of US national security. Improved North American security has been partly offset by new enemies for the US and Canada, generated by the Worsalok and Afghanistan. Terrorism and I love and are being furiously milked by the Bush administration of a Kindle fears among US voters prior to the November elections. Just before the Tite 2004 Bush Carey fixed election, a table of Osama threatening America boosted Bush's rating 4 points, helping him win. A new bin Laden table 9, 11, high-gecker surface on Thursday. The hastily enacted US Patriot Act enabled governments to sweep away lost protecting individual rights and begin the torture wire tapping, surveillance daily without charges and record mining, found in totalitarian states. In a wise informative new book, Being Muslim, author Harlan Savikki describes how 80-2,000 mostly Muslim terrorism suspects were arrested in the US and abroad. Only 40 were convicted of terrorism, 100 of them died in custody. These blanket arrest in a McCarthyite anti-Muslim witch hunt observed Savikki of created a sense of psychological internment among 7 million American and Canadian Muslims. In Afghanistan, an anti-Alachite operations journey were classed in 19th century colonial war against unruly patched to entrapment costing $2 million a month. Washington Field of Imposivable Regime Afghanistan is producing 80 percent of the world's heroin, Taliban and its nationalist allies are resurgent. Americans and Canadians aren't being told the truth about the growing mess there, sitting troops to Afghanistan ensuring the destruction of Lebanon seriously endangered Canada's national security though it may help lumber exports. Iraq, 9-11 for Latin, uncannily perfect pretext for a cabal of Washington's far-rightest to launch wars for oil and world domination. Some $300 billion in nearly 3000 American lives later, the war in Iraq is lost. Originally with 300 members, Al-Qaeda's been demolished, but after five years in video and spent with 22,000 US troops in army of CIA, even still hunting them, Alchemist's rival has been modern-Imen-Ales-Awa-Horease still made a lucid mocking bush urging to attack on the west. Al-Qaeda's morphed into a worldwide anti-American movement who scores the numbers are spreading. The law didn't focus the rage of 1.5 billion muslims over the agony of Lebanon, Palestine, Cheshone Iraq, Kashmir and Afghanistan, inspiring violent homegrown groups in Madrid, London, Miami, and Toronto. Ocella bin Laden remains a hero for defying the might of the west, Chate-Gavara and a turbine. Ken is warby one, it's not a real war, but an international police intelligence operation against disparate groups fighting Western local and economic domination. It cannot be one by further militarizing the conflict. The right responses, one, patient vigilance, but without East German-style security, and two, resolving festering political issues, warning them as the moral. Who's winning in the early 90s, been Laden stated the only way to draft America's influence from Middle East was to attack its economy and bleeding to drive by a series of small wars. Afghanistan and Iraq will fill two of its scenarios, still is too early to tell. How grave the threat only nuclear weapons presented truly catastrophic threat, al-Qaeda so far has none. Finding terrorism makes good press and benefits politicians but terrorism is not an existential threat to the US or even the major one. Since 911, motor vehicle accidents have killed at least 20 times war Americans in al-Qaeda. There's been no successful attack on North America for five years, but having generated so many new enemies, US and al-Canada remained prime targets. Disturbingly, many Americans, one pulls his 33 percent, believe their government is covering up facts about the 911 attacks or somehow even involved in them. Who would say that? I don't know, some common, much of a company think of bastard trouble maker, sounds like to me. 113 at 560 WQA and we got the mad dog coming up at 2 the power hour for to five. I heard a little bit of that, I think we can go Friday, maybe lunch Friday. I mean, to point to come in and listen for a while, sounds like they're having a good time. Good. You're not listening because they're talking about sports. I'm sorry. Hey, isn't it time you took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparations? What do you say? Well, the hurricane shut around the manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and not provide expert installation to. Call of it, 954, 237-7083. Hurricane shut around the features rule bounds, accordions, panels to. Just let the hurricane shut about. Look, has to make a ribbon install shutters for you. And don't wait too long because hurricane season is in full swing. Call right now, 954, 237-7077. 83 and get on your way to top-notch protection all the time. The hurricane shut around. Let's hand me on an operated license and shirt and Dave Rout and Palm Beach County approved. They stock all sizes of therapeutic carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels, cut you as specifications and ready for pickup or delivery. The public all contractors are welcome to. Major credit cards accepted, tell them that Neil Tordid, calling get a hundred dollars off on a minimum order of 250 square feet. The hurricane shut about. Well, 954, 237-7083, run line. It's Hurricane shut around. Let's dot com. The biggest name. So best tell us if this is Neil Rogers, 420-560. Florety and dumb ass dirt. Can you rub this pickup all night's need and nothing of all. The 1080 police act. Can you pour out a paradise as you flash your skinny police ass and stirps that I do not pick. See you all, you will have. Your daddy moves in town. Take a car for the take to camel. Joe, to know which wells and smells. All the time they're all the news. They can't get enough of you. She'll be poisoned. See Ray Momma. They point their camera low when you're on a condit Joe. To see your path, David, and no one. Uplock this label, a gerid. It's terminizing a gerid. I hope this child becomes like it. Wow. The media stars shes over and with a enormous family and then the biggest status apple in town. I'm going to say it loosely is down there. Looking at it is cell phone. Oh boy. What a grotesque content is. Oh speaking of our good friend, I shot Moushara. Yeah. Pervert. In a setback for women's rights in Pakistan, the ruling party in Islamabad is caved into religious conservatives by dropping his plans to reform rape laws. Statues known as the Houdoud ordinances based on Sharia law. Who do? Who's done it done? That's right. You do? No, not you, dude. Who do? Based on Sharia law, currently operate in Pakistan. It requires female rape victim to Rousseff's four male witnesses, male witnesses, the robberate who recounts or she risk facing a new charge of a dollar rate. Good morning. Good morning. The ruling party in Islamabad made up of a coalition groups allied to present Pervert Moushara have hoped the new protection of womenville would place the crowd of rape within the country's secular penal code, which works in tandem with Sharia. But the government said rape would remain a crowd-funished by Islamic law yesterday after conservatives in opposition groups threatened to walk out of parliament and protest if the government pushed ahead with the reforms. If there are four witnesses, it'll be tried under Islamic law. If there are not, it will not be tried under the penal code said a law minister, no handed was he's afar. In the case of both adultery and rape, the judge will decide how to try the case. A no-minded bill will not be presented to parliament tomorrow. This news is a significant victory for the MMA, which have vehemently opposed any attempts to lessen influence of Sharia. The Hudud ordinances were enshrined in Pakistan in La 1979 by General Zia Ul-Hak and an attempt to appease the country's powerful religious elite following his military coup. They've been routinely criticized by local and international rights groups, previous governments have tried to repeal the laws but failed of it. Pervert Musharif, until right groups who's willing to back plans for rape to be tried in the second or court's as part of his much trumpeted in light and moderation ideology, the timing of the amended bill will be embarrassing for Musharif, who's touring Europe and the US. Pakistan's Western allies have pressured General Musharif to improve the rights situation as country, especially for women, good luck, who do do do do. There you go. These are allies, these are good buddies. We're how they were screaming off in Taliban and how they were pressed women and they had to dress up with a book as in the jerk as in all that other stuff and how they've been manned head of shaved their beard away and they couldn't listen to music, all of a sudden stuff? Sure make some momentum from those packies, doesn't it? Sure, and those Saudis not to mention that. Twelve hundred and eighty seven votes, we got thirteen and we're deluxe. In fact, I think I can go back to Bidna. I'm all done. My words, I always said that one day, my work is done. We got some music. I don't want to play it on music, man. And I want to sit this one, I know this. Don't dirt, just like that. Well that's something like something from those old forties, you know it. Thirty, as a matter of fact, wow. Twenty nine to thirty-gate, that's the range of this time. Nine to twenty nine and nine and nine to thirty eight, even before I was born. I've got to go to everybody's, because this collection is about thirty-some man. Come on. I saw a red timing. Man. See the problem is, remember that we're talking about they're going to make a godfather four and he said, I'm whatever. For what? Everybody's been killed off already. Right. They couldn't do a part three right, so just stop. Who that was left alive at the end of godfather three, not Michael, right? Not Mary with a shot. That's so sorry. K, K was still around. Sure. Not Fredo. He went out fishing. I guess it was just Andy Garcia was a Vincent. Oh, Vincent. Yeah. That's it. Didn't I'm a claim they were talking about him? A lot of people think was about Vincent Van Gogh, but it was about Vincent Corleoni. What was it called? Two of Lance Armstrong's former teammates said they used to perform as enhancing drug. When they were getting ready for the 1999 Twitter France recorded a newspaper report, why does anybody care about this? I don't know. There's never one of the things that really just amazed me is that all of the news and all the crap that they put on TV and the newspapers and even on the internet. And you'll look at it and you think yourself, why does anybody care about this? I mean, I could understand why people care about who's got the biggest ass, right? The best ass. I said you'll picture a V2 gear by the way. V2, I didn't see what I was about. I hope to see all these asses. I said if you ask this in my time, or if you haven't seen it that way, it was my need. I think you got one there, the salesman's here's an ass. Well, he really, he just, you know, I don't cotton to that. You don't say whether it's from North Carolina, Tennessee, and it's okay. That's kind of like, isn't it? I'm not. I'm trying to do them. I don't need to work. I get paid for whether I do it or not. You know what I'm saying? That's part of my deal. So I would prefer not to do any spots. So as that Chris, other stuff doing spots, you just pay me for assisting the day and other stuff doing them. That's all. Maniac. Frankie Andrew, a 39 year old former team captain, another teammate that requested and the mid-BKU, she still works in cycling, told the New York Times the youth EPO and preparation for the 99 race, when Armstrong won the first of his 7 titles in cycling's biggest race, who cares? Now, what is EPO? Anybody know what that is? Josh? I don't know. No, I have no environmental protection organization. The federal city took EPO for a few races, admitting that he was now because he's worried doping is having a negative effect on the sport. Need to have a positive test for performing a sense and enhancing drugs. Most of the never saw Armstrong take any band substance diseases. Anybody care about cycling? No, I mean, that's a sport. That's a sport. Like some little kid is out there on his tricycle. Is that a sport? Somebody's watching it. Yeah. I guess, and only if they're paying to watch it. I guess they don't pay to watch it. I guess they pay to watch golf tournaments too, huh? Yeah. Yeah. There's people with Michigan over there in school. Yeah. Oh, my God. People like to go to watch that crap. Watch people play golf. Oh, my God. That is pathetic. Talk about. I have no luck. I'm not ready to show it. Watching people play cars or going or actually going on. You can turn your TV on and off. That's bad enough. You know what I'm saying. But actually getting up and getting in the car or getting in the cab or slipping somehow to watch other people play golf. That is really just. I have no luck. Incredible. Oh, the tiger is a tiger is playing. And Mike Weir, the Canadian who cares. By the way, I'm saying EPO of boost here in Darinside. Pernouts are for you, but I can't. EPO. Yeah, just keep it at EPO. Boost your endurance. That's what it does. The illegal substance. Thank God Lance Armstrong never took it. The biggest thing. You don't care. This is the real rocker's 4th video 560. You A. And. H.U. Um, I wrote basically all the songs of the album. And eight songs of stock, so the song, FAT, Joe, J.K. And that's just a really fun album. Just a crush with me and I am. And it's cool. Pernouts are still one of the songs. It's just like a 12. I. Be. I. You. You. I. But. You. You. I.U. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. He's calling once the grandma puts and he'll read my name. And I got to wild. You get fake Mine's side. My neck is found and I know just that he didn't like. Pana. My son also means the U.S. I stand side. You can is great. You get that I can't do it. You're crazy. You get that. You're the qui affected. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. Boy, she's telling her one. No. She's telling. Anyway, she's asking her one. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Uh, a pair of sown. This is an excellent pull. Thank you Steve. Hey, and you don't really have an hurt criminal long time with the pulls. What's the guy that usually sends us the pull? John. John. What happened, John? But Steve fills in the breach, at least for tomorrow. What person do you think sums up what America is today? What a good question. And Steve's got a list which I have a couple too. Katie Kurick. Parris helped us speak of the devil. Pete Diddy. Now, what do we call him now? He says Jack asked. T.O. And of course, if they don't know who T.O is, and they shouldn't be going out anyway. T.O. Well, I added Pat Robertson. Of course, George W. Bush and Donald Trump. Did not a good selection of star with? Uh-huh. Thank you Steve. Excellent job. By the way, I asked George just before the show today about whatever happened. There's never any follow-up. You know, he heard a story or you read about the papers. Right. There was that story about that shrunk that one thought he won. A quarter of a million dollars if the, uh, was it the hard rock, right? Right. The seminal hard rock. He thought he won 250 grand and they came and they wind and dined and paraded him around. They took his picture and they gave him the ceremonial of McLean, Checking 0250,000 and come to fight out that hours later. Many, many hours later. They called him into the office and they said, uh, oh, I was, uh, it was a technical error. It was a glitch and, uh, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. I'm waiting to find out what the follow-up is right. He supposedly hired a lawyer and then that's it. That's last week. And that's it. I would sue their ass for millions if just for the aggregation. Just for the grief. I would sue their ass man. I would nail their ugly asses to the wall. Wouldn't you, or at least scalpel him? No, no, seriously. If somebody, if somebody came and actually said you, you won the first 50 and then you go through the whole ceremonial thing and of course we have to check it out. First of all, what I don't understand, okay, it wasn't an eslott machine either. Was in a, a swipe your card thing kind of deal. Right. So how much is to go wrong with that? I mean, eslott machines very complicated. We've ever looked in the insides of eslott machine. Not lately, no. No, no seriously. Very exiled. It's an, it's an outdated. There's all kinds of computer boards and this and wires hanging. And it's complicated. But how complicated can be a swipe and a white thing? And I'm, there you go. He's swipe and they wife. They wife to the floor with his ass. I guess I like to find out more about what happened when that poor guy. I'm going to go to bat for that guy and I'll split it with him. Then actually, I was able to get 200 bucks when the 200. And a $50 that's $250. That's $250. Yeah, $250 of, you know, monopoly money and a coupon. $50. Wow, restaurant coupon. That's because they were pacifying him. So we had something in do while they were checking this all out. So they took in the room and said, sorry, bad mistake. You wouldn't anything. I was a sort of fit man. I was here every time like the world was coming to an attire. I would have been smitten blood. But nevertheless, remember we had the story yesterday about it. I always like to follow up on things. And to follow up on the story is nothing. It's just like Trashon relieving. Police investigating the death of an in the cool smits. Because it's seen those the kind of person that we care about. 20 year old sons of they had no evidence that he severed a heart attack with that drugs were involved. Because of this, it remains under investigation as of this moment. And that's all Guardian said he unidentified sources report the yesterday that Daniel Wayne Smith had died of a heart attack. Today the newspaper said that they preliminary investigation found that he had anti-depressants in a system. It said it sources close to the case. Anti-depressants. Are you doing more about drugs than I would? Like what? What about it? You know, like what? Anti-depressants. What do you have had, maybe? I don't know, but remember we're the problem with a lot of these anti-depressants as the people keep killing themselves on them. So apparently they don't work so well. Well, you're not depressed anymore. Yeah. Reginald Ferguson, assistant commissioner of the Royal Behemian Police for his misdemeanor for its vence just talk. We have no evidence that this time has exist that he had any drugs. Earlier, the commissioner told people magazine that was no evidence of this time. The young man that suffered a heart attack. He just died, you know, 20 years old. It's kind of common, isn't it? Sure. All the methide Saturday while visiting is celebrity mother in the hospital. Three days after she be birthed through a girl. I think that's what it's all about. I think it was like a ego thing, you know? Okay. The body was identified as a more Monday by Smith's lawyer. Howard K. Stearns. I'm just reading that. I just like reading that name. Howard Stearns, who is also having arrangements for the funeral home. I'm going to tell you something. If everything about this yesterday, while I had my TV on and I was in the kitchen, and I was spinning bloodbushers, I spent a lot of blood up these days, because Wolf Blitzkrieg was on there. He was dovinning back and forth by Wolf, Hatha, but everything was done. And in fact, I think he was rubbing his titses together. Oh, no. And I was thinking if anybody deserves to get stern. Remember I told you about that day a month or two ago. That was before I found out what a far-bizden he was. But somebody called him and stern him. I'm trying to remember what the hall I was all about. It was about some murder case. Yeah. Oh, I know what it was about to jump in anything. That's right. Remember when they were John Mark Carring us to death, which he knows we don't hear anything about that from all. You'll make that was embarrassing, you know. Anyway, so they put this woman on the phone. And they said, oh, I'm Wolf Blitzkrieg goes breathlessly to her and puts her on here. And she's got information and she knew John Mark Carring. Alabama. And she starts in and she says, well, John told me privately that Howard Stearns told me to kill John Beney. And so, of course, they cut her out. Of course, through this long, pond-wresting. Well, well, we've been what they call the business stern. And that was going to Howard Stearn. I think that all Howard Stearns people ought to call Wolf Blitzkrieg was state calls every day because he's an idiot. He's a total phony man and doesn't belong on it pretending to be a news person. That's a new deal now with these news readers. They're like injecting their opinions. Like there was some rich on MSNBC the other day. And I'm trying to figure out what they were talking about. Something into 9, 11 over the weekend. And one of the so-called pundits comes on there and makes some kind of a stupid statement. And she says, oh, I would attend to agree with that. Well, who cares whether you agree with the 90s is a news reader, bitch? What's that even giving your opinions for? You slut? Man, I can't, one of those dumb bimbos that they have on a weekend. You know, on MSNBC. That seems to be their speciality. It's put a dumb bimballant. That's what I was thinking. On the speaking of idiots, there's Tony Snow. Oh, defensive. How about we're training a rocket troops so they can defend them? Well, if his voice get any higher man, he starts sounding like, Just like that. The biggest thing, so best challenge to the business. The rock star was radio 560. He's shooting. Man, bitch, I fucking feel them out. Oh, I'm married to you. They can't get Taylor beat a guy. And the most famous one being, so, gentlemen, it was Roosevelt. All right, now in the days of the time, it was simple heated. I'm excited. And I'm here to tell you about the season powder. And I'll turn into an energy source to help increase our deep energy. And I'm living in the soil. So, trying to combine people on our prices well. And this is a good source of energy. And I'm excited to be the second few people I've been doing. So, I'm excited to say that you've been following the pattern. That's maybe why I'm looking for a high personal favorite. The oil from the two of you can do your part. The word is said, it's the first day of the season. All my music is to say, it's a sign where I say, it's gonna make your advice as a feather. It's a thing, a thing, a thing, a thing. And I'm a chewing the directives of the word where it is said to be steamed. And the exercise is done. And I'm going to turn around and you'll get me. These are the, there you go right from the second family. 1325 votes on the full. Honey, like that. Oh, it's 16, everybody. Yes, they're going to show. And 1300 today. Are you ready for that? Not ready for it. Let me back up. Oh. So, whatever happened with the, my question about the sales thing. Oh. Gary Loup, who the hell is Gary Loup? I have no, I'm sure I'm pronouncing his name wrong too, but I pronounce everything wrong here. I butcher all of this and who gives a crap. He's professor of history and adjunct professor of comparative religion and Tufts University. Oh, good. See, I get choked up about their religious crap. Mm-hmm. A third to half of Americans still ain't Sodom and 911. The enduring power of ignorance and then he defied it. I'm not trying to have time to read the whole thing. And you're probably pretty pleased about that, man. I'm talking about the audience. Not you. It was up to you. I just sitting here and read nonstop for the time yesterday until it's over. Yeah, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Like that. Just like John Madden. Oh, I stayed at John Madden. I don't know if I guess you watched a little bit of a Josh, the Patriot Bill's game was as bad as it was. I didn't watch any of the game. Oh, hi. Who's doing that game? Never went to have to suffer through a horrible first half and grow test nearly lost performance to a marginal team. But Phil Sims was doing that. Oh, god. Now, why do I deserve that? First game in a season. Why do I deserve a shot like that? A shot in the ass. Phil Sims. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. You know, there's not a color guy who does the NFL that because they got Phil Sims, you got Chris Collins worth and Joe Thaisman. Oh, which is hurt and they all just... Well, Ed and who I used to like, who just is motor mouth now. He must be getting fed by the word. They must feed him based on how many times he speaks. God, he just never showed up. Oh, let's see, here's the fact that says, unfortunately, the guy that got screwed out of his money. No, see, I know that. That was in the stories because he was... Oh, that's right. He can't sue them. That's what it is. I'm glad that this affects your face, because I'm thinking that I knew this, but I've never dawned on me. That you can't not only have the... Well, the US course at No. 0-0 is the same because it's on Indian land. If you're... Why the Indian casinos and you're injured, you can't sue them over that either. So that's another good reason not to go there. It was make believe, slot machines. And by the way, what are the real machines coming in? Fred Grimoire, with that article, weeks and weeks ago, about how this whole slot machine thing was being held up in Lingo, what I can't, where is the follow-up? It wasn't even a news story. It was in his column. Where is the information? You know, I feel like Patrick McGoon, I feel like the prisoner. Are you start with Mark Lindsey and the waiters now in Indian reservation? Always knew you were a... That's not good. Isn't that Mark Lindsey and the waiters? It's not good. I can't even hear it. We don't have a lot of indies in here. So I'll thank God for that. We don't want to piss off the Indians. So this guy came out and he hired a lawyer, but his options, I guess, are a little bit because it's on Indian and the US courts had no jurisdiction. They can do whatever it had to be. I want. Like, you know, having all those cancer sticks with the worms and them stuff like that. Anyway, Gary Loup writes, they kept it the angus-reed.com report was, some American still ain't who's saying to 911. Some indeed, he says, as of September 2006, now, this month. Asked, do you think there's a link between Saddam Hussein and 911 terrorist attacks? 46% of Americans said, and only 50% said, no, 4% said, would literally, I don't know. In other words, fully half of Americans linked Saddam with an 911 attack. Pulled with taken September 1 through 5. Of course, it's all in the wording of these questions. There might have been a different result if the postures would ask. You think still think there's a link between Saddam Hussein and 911 terrorist attacks, or given the fact that no experts been able to establish any evidence for an operative relationship between Al-Qadden sit on, and it only people who never pay attention to the news think that anymore. You still personally think that there's a link. In other words, if you're a moron, you know. Anyway, did just published Angus Reed pull asked a second question. You think former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was personally involved in 911 terrorist attacks? This is a significantly different question. I can see why lots of people would believe there's some link between Saddam and 911. I think about how students' process information history classes as they prepare for exams. Any historical synopsis of the past five years following 911 will have to note that soon after the Al-Qadden attacks, the Bush administration started preparing to invade Iraq and if the US President repeatedly linked 911 and the Iraqi President. So, in that sense, yes, there is a link in any college freshman memorizing for a US history test. Some 50 years from now will have a reason to link in some way 911 and Saddam. But the second question, implicitly asked about responsibility about blame, is depressing to note that 43% of Americans pulled answered in the affirmative yes, a narrow majority into the 52% who said no. After all the facts that have come to light, all the exposure that has been done, it can just hear the neoconscire relief that is extraordinary statement of manipulable or ignorance, the power of Fox News, he said. How did it like that? I like it? Not? But, pathetic. Don't worry about a box of cracker-jax, man. We have more marlins and metzomite. Any interest? No. How about a little bit? We had that, what was your name that Pitches know, hitter? Anabelle? Anabelle? What do you laugh about? That's her name, man. Anabelle? I got it. What's your last name? Sanchez. Anabelle Sanchez. That's right, everybody's name Sanchez and Rodriguez and Schwartz C. How about that, Jeff Kohn, man? He got that big hit deal today and he still came back in the 10th and that's what news is that I was over the weekend. I did see that. I'm probably one of the very few, you know, nobody pays any attention. This is the hottest ticket in town at the Freakin Marlins man. There are two games over 500 now. Am I right? You're right. Two games over. How far are they back? Two back of the wild card? That's right. Because I guess the poverty's in play estate. So the pick-up of a half game? Yes. By smashing the match, smashing a bullet-writing, 16 to five, like a gigantic juggernaut, like a powerhouse, out of control just, just trashing and thrashing, everything in their wake. And as anybody can't, is anybody sure off of these games? No, about 3,000 mess fans and 2000 is so called Marlin fans. Or at least showed up anyway. Sure. See, that's the point. How can you be out of touch in a community that's dead as a door, you know? Walking death, walking and creeping, you can smell it all the way here. You know, he's dead. So, let's tell him that this is real rot-versus. For sure, he'll find 16, you, A, M.