I know I don't want to talk about talking sorry. Oh sorry. They're going down the drain. Let me see it again. Are you talking about the least of the panthers both? This next half there's. Next topic. All right. Well, I'm going to take it a poll today. I turned a show off when Neil or George talk about and then we got like a listed topic. I'm talking 54 votes number one. Okay. Yes. What's the number two right behind it? My worst racing. Oh. No. There we go. Oh, don't those noises. Let's sleep in dogs lie with his 1.1 share. I have a Harold headline. Yeah. That says. Foyles upset bid by Florida State North Carolina. The only problem was the North Carolina state was for our forest. They rather was favored. But that's okay. Just a minor mistake. Well, that'll teach you to be reading that piece of garbage. I just read the headlines. It's a lesson they hear today and all I can say. Oh yeah. Bad mistake. You're going to make a bad mistake. Well, it's all the anti bush feeling up there, right? Well, you can understand it's the other way around. That's why you think the liberals would win, but they're going to get their ass kicked. They hate bush hair like poison, but they don't confuse them with the facts. Conservatives are going to win their 10 points. They had nullipools. So if they hate bush so much, yeah. Well, don't ask me. Yeah. There was like a little some kind of a funding scandal with the liberals here in a few million dollars involved. These people are just, I don't know. So are you an X-T tree of the American? No, I'm not. No, I'm not an X-Pater. This is a lost one game. I haven't even been X-Pater. I have a new thing that I'm saying to people who call with negative stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But it's stuff I don't like. It's from an open letter that was written to Michael Moore from this baseball wife. Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my. Oh my, oh my. He says that. He says that. I'm looking at that. Why I heard you're reading that. Yeah. Well what what what. What does it ask? It's not a crack. Rip and Michael Moore and ass. What doesn't want that bitch. Michael Moore oughta step on that bitch. I don't care who I just like the rip. It doesn't matter who it is. She's a Chris Brett Benson's wife. I think she needs to be taken out. and he's left testicle and she's gotten her head. I heard you read that. I loved the letter. I don't. Somebody got a kill at me. It's the verb in July. I don't care who she wrote it to. Well, that's not the point. It depends. Anybody can just rip for the sake of ripping a two-year rip in. It's a good one. So it was ripping George Bush and that's another story. She's late. I would do one time with five men and December. Thank God. Okay. This book needs to get tossed out. I don't want to get the... You know, there is something about the... You know, the television stations in town. Yeah. They did not have a full book. Well, they had no sweeps for October, November, December. Right? They told the rating services we don't want them. Because they felt that they couldn't get any ballots. And our chances of sweeps would be, well, people have radioers in their cars. They got battery operated radios. Well, you're mama. Okay. I wonder what kind of return they got with Diaries November. I wonder how many they got. I've turned them in. Probably from the whole market. But, you know, if we bitch, it sounds like we're making excuses. No, it's not the case. I mean, in your case, I mean, what's there to say? You know, nevertheless, at least you didn't have a one-one. No. Do do do do do do do do. He held. He's here when I'm in a blazing glory. Did they? Oh, man. Woo! Talk about going out like a clown. Like Howard Veels said, never. If remember, he said to William Holdmeyer, I want to go out like a clown. I got 30 years in this business. Okay. Something. He's a selfish pathetic excuse for an American. And he should take his big fatty ass over to Iraq. And get his pig head cut off and stuck on a pig pole. That was Michael Morphe was writing about. I don't care. It applies to a lot of people. Who took the dodo. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe he'd be big in Iraq. Kubi. So, did you like the game yesterday? They weren't very good. I've got the games a lot. They were not very competitive. But, and now, now I got a solution to the whole problem. I don't have to root for the sealers who win the Super Bowl like Wooferciana. I wanted to see the sealers kicked and resized, which they did. I mean, Denver is not nearly as good as you thought they were. And Jake's high, but they were. Yeah, you thought they were great. I did not. Yeah, how you didn't early in the season when they had the... I never thought that was going to be. All right. Tell me Denver was sensational and Jake Palmer was this. And you went a big when the chips are really on the line. And Jake Palmer keep in mind, didn't win the game against the Patriots. They handed them the game. The Patriots and the officials handed them again. How do you like the referee? The referee? What was his name? Walter, Baroleen, or anything? Really? Me that bad call last week. He got our rock to his window. Yeah. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. But nobody got hurt. They said it might have just been random vibe. We are random. Random. Bhandle. Right. After reviewing the play for five minutes, you come up with a totally his explanation in that call still easily just dazzled. I'm surprised they didn't have a ride on the field. If it would have been a home game, they would have been riding. It was bizarre. Sorry, so we got, let's see, bow today in tomorrow. Curtis on Wednesday, Yeldy on Thursday. It's like a mixed in match. And we got a Yeldy get on Friday. Oh, boy. Too to full. We got like up in the air. Well, they should take their time and make the right decision. Yeah. Yeah, let's do another nationwide search. I made my next pull. What was Greg Reed's biggest blunder? There are so many. God, Almighty. Just mind boggling. And the worst part of it is he still on the payroll. He's still hanging around. They're coming in his jeans every day. I'm just standing on the payroll for 10 years. Oh, brother. Is that true? He is a better year than Howard. Better deal than Howard had. He's on the payroll for 10 years. He's a consultant for 11 years. Oh, my God. No wonder, are we always talk about the beeslies up in the tree with that banjo? Give me a break. Are you kidding me? What did you do to this place? You got to be on death row for 10 years. So how'd you do Saturday? I didn't go. I didn't participate. I'm saving up for nine or next weekend. Oh. Keep in mind in my pocket. Let it leave. Give from midi with my ass. Keep in mind in my wallet. 185 bucks though on the lotto. Three people won 7 million. When that piss you off, it's a lotto. I mean, it wouldn't piss me off. When 7 million. But if it's 22 million and a one week, there are three winning tickets. It's not good. Oh, yeah. I would give it back. Who wants a measly 7 million? Let's see a straw bag. I catch an effici. It's too small. Throw it back. Wait for the big one. I'll tell you what's bad. When you hit a pick six. And you know, they have picked six. Hey, talking about horse racing again. Yeah. I'm talking gambling. And they have pick sixes that can pay up to, oh, you know, in the millions. And you hit one in a pays like $4,000. Yeah. Why even bother? Yeah. It's too hard to hit a million. Oh, back. Here they take it up. Yeah. Frame it. Just take the ticket. All in frame it. In fact, once upon a time, although I don't have it anymore. But I did. I did bet $2 to win on bread hand over once he at one to nine. He paid $2 to ten. And it was just like a souvenir thing in everybody. But it took me just to have a souvenir. That's strange. Oh, yeah. No. It's not actually, I remember when, but when you have a triple crown. Right. Like putting two bucks on people. By two dollars. Exactly. So they're going to say, but they get two ten. You see, the ticket for prosperity. And someday it might be worth more than two ten. Can't be worth much less. Well, yeah. If you get sick of Terry to sign it. Yeah. There you go. Then it would be worth more. Yeah. By the way, who the hell was that? Who do I see yesterday? Who looks exactly like Willie Schumacher. Some actor, somebody somewhere. I can't think of who it was. Look, just like how twin brother or Willie Schumacher. An actor? Yeah. Can't think of what was. Or maybe some kind of a joke. And by the way, can you tell me what the big, you know, I don't want to go into it. Because first I had to put up with Phil Sims on the first game. And then that James Brown. Well, what is his, that ain't even the right James Brown. You know, I mean, this guy can't even sing. Well, what is his claim to fame? He's been doing it so long ago. He raised card driver. What else? Jack has raised card driver. I can't remember which one it was. They all look the same. Well, that's what it was. That was the guy to raise card driver. They showed James, James Brown on the sideline in the second game. Talking to this. Oh, I saw that. Yeah, Darrell Walter. There a wall trip. And he looked just like Willie Schumacher. A little taller, but never lived. Well, next to James Brown. James Brown's a big guy. And he's really. Yeah. He's a big guy. He's been to fame. He's been to network for a faster for years. Why? Because he's good. He. Oh, okay. Okay. He's got that Danny boy and Shannon Sharpe and Jimmy Johnson and all that other old brother. You know what? My favorite thing is when you're watching the NFL, especially doing the playoffs in the Super Bowl. When we got eight million spots is Team Kick say a field goal or score is a touch down. And then kick off and we come back for the kick off and okay. So it's going to be Seattle's ball on the 20th of July. And here comes the net. And then we go to another break. I mean, you know, it's just if we did that we wouldn't have any audience. You know, it's just ridiculous. Even the old first team never had any spots for all the money that the guy they're paying and rights. They have to pay. I don't know. But she's just like loving your name. I'm going to say the guy who he would taste me is Joe Buck. Yeah. Yeah. Like yesterday, towards the end of the game, Seattle's winning and the place is going wild. And he said, well, this shows you what that home field advantage is worth. And I'm going to tell you the facts on home field advantage, okay. In the last five years or secure, whatever it is, home field teams in the conference finals are now six and twelve. You know, home field advantage means nothing when you get to the stage of the football season. Are you in the picking now? Yeah. No, I'm not in the pick. But you really wrong. I'll say that he did yesterday and it took him about ten minutes to do it. That one time, it Seattle hunted and it balled when we thought to ball that out of bounds in the four-year line. Remember that? Yeah, they said it was a machine back. Yeah, we go to commercial break. And now all of a sudden, at 30 in the series, they run a couple of places. And they all by the way. I just didn't mention by the way that we were in a break and a lot of fish all over the other one. And said it was a touch back and we went to the end zone. And I just, that was so bush-league, you know. Like we can't be bothered to give any real information. It's just we're too busy doing spots, you know. Yep. Screw them. Screw Fox, man. Screw Wipart Murdoch. There's somebody Pat Robertson needs to work on getting him taken up. Hey, for dinner, you know. I'll leave these in the Bronx. See, I can't root for Seattle because Paul Island versus Dan Rooney. I like Dan Rooney. I don't, I don't root for teams based on the owner. Okay, me and Bob Crafts a good guy, but I root for the Patriots. Cause of the owner. How about if you had the, how about if you had one or five or one on the Steelers? Would you root for them then? Well, you bet. I don't bet on football games. Okay, I don't, I don't bet an ace for where you've got to like cover a spread. I mean, that's to me that not only has your team got a win, but then they got a win by so that would be like go to the track and your horse has to win the race by at least three lengths. You know, if you don't catch the ticket, I mean, what kind of nonsense is that? You know, when is the win? You win by a nose, you win by 20 lengths. It makes no difference. You catch the ticket. Any sporting event where you got like baseball, hockey, football, you got a win with basketball by a spread, screw that. That's any sporting event. I understand. That's why I don't bet those things. Who don't want to say an aggravation? In addition to which, I'm an off of a real fan that, if I root for a team, I get aggravated enough. If I also compounded that by having a big bet on the game, I'd have a core. I'd have a stroke. Too much pressure, man. Put that gambling. Put betting on sporting events. Watch the game in peace. You know, relax. No pressure. Okay, so we're on. By the way, US airman killed his more dead soldiers in Iraq, but CNN now on their website thinks it's so important. I can't even find the stories on these anymore. That's how we've been mean the lives of American service people now. They didn't even put the story on there anymore. It's not even news anymore. There's more dead soldiers in the life goes on, the sun is shining. Which it is, we broke the all-time record for the date on Friday with 54 degrees here Friday. What are we just going to be like in Detroit next week? Next week. Yeah, that's for all of me. Not this weekend, but the fun week. Do we have the two week break now? Yeah, I'll be there for a week. It's the one day. Oh, man, I think that's when the 10th people store coming. Oh, brother. Well, at least if it's no as a lot to be something white in Detroit. Anyway, you're listening to Neil Rogers on Thursday. Radio 5, 60. Listen, I used to live in Detroit, man. You might not tell me about Detroit. Elevents Southfield, though, which back in those days and the early 70s, that was far enough north to get away from the inner city, quote unquote. Actually, Detroit used to be a heck of a place till they burned it down. Until till 67, Andy, Detroit was great. Well, we'll be downtown. Oh, well, like I said, to Renaissance Center. Take along several bodyguards. I am taking the beast. There you go. Well, he can guard you up to about your knee. Have a great day. It's one day. Don't get carried away now. Let's space it out over the week. Yeah, I'm done gambling for the week. Leave a little real. You're thanks to I'm gambling. Okay, no more betting on stupid ass ball games. Oh, no, that's my business. That's your business. It is. I thought broadcasting was your business. Yeah, that's what I do on Sunday morning is on ESPN. Yeah, I know that. I get paid handsomely for this. Just be real happy that broadcasting is the season you've had broadcasting to business. See you tomorrow. See you. Who says I come all the time? Every time he's being killed. It's the way John wants to defeat. wants to take a city and cover it to the streets. Re-making games. Re-making games. Re-making games. Re-making games. Re-making games. He wants to make new or least peaceful. And I don't care what people are afraid. Like S.E. Jacksonson. We are black people. It's common South is ours. Show the God of man. The compares to local students. We're really on the farm. Shot for me. Yeah. Yes, right now he can take. Re-making games. Re-making games. There's the ones to make new or least peaceful. There's time for us to come together. That time for us to rebuild a new relish. So one that should be uptown, all the way down for the whole. This city will be shot with a shot in the walls. He never takes the blame for anything to say. Shot at the end of the day. Catch off the ends of Garth the Angle for all one ball there. Re-making games. Re-making games. No, I can't. Re-making games. There's the ones to make new or least peaceful. You can't have the wall. There's no other way. It was the main wall. Oh yeah. What a place. It's a 1015 and 560WQM. So we find out the WSUA is a lot of your kind of coal. That's what your judge's problem is that he's got a coal. But I say Colombian thing I guess. That's what my yellows say. Remember when the ratings came out. I said WSUA they didn't ever had nothing. Yeah. So I guess that's what it must be like. Inundated with Colombians. And they sure aren't listening to us. Contrabed. Even though we do like our drugs. 1015 already a QAM. We got a boat today 2-4. I say that with some, uh, a spiral. Maggog 4-7, Curtis 7-10 and a K10 a clock tonight. No ball games. No one else in just a pristine schedule. Except that hole there that hole from 2-4 with bow. He resopped the getting a better night sleep every night in 2006 by calling 1-800 Mattress right now. Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day. Your daily health and productivity in a good night's sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight from the dial-mathrists by calling 1-800 Mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or lumpy it's time for a brand new one. Choose from the complete line of steely and serve the Simmons King coil. 10-per-peed experience and foster hewit. Dial-mathrists take the orders all day long from kettle to steward from Palm Beach to Ford buyers. And the delivery thing is a deal of from heaven. You still get to pick the time they show up. You'll pick the date and to our living one your mattress liberally show up on time. 99.7% of the time. I've been using these folks for years and I guarantee you'll be a satisfied customer too. So start the new year off right with the new mattress from dial-mathrists. They'll be providing a better night's sleep a minute longer. Pick up that phone right now and give them a call full free at 1-800 mattress or you can do your shopping where they're on their website at mattress.com. Dial-mathrists 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-Lear off that last S-B-Cuz it stands for Stoo Penders Saving. This is a meal ruggers. This is 5.6 inches. Grab my junior honey. I can't believe my toast gone. I know come here. Girlfriend, your breath is rank. Come, sorry. No, no, it's okay. Luckily, I brought along the first ever breath freshener for people grieving the lost of a loved one. Really? Yeah. They're called the Reasonable. Yeah, this powerful breath and air freshener eliminate bad breath and the stench of death at the same time. Here, try once. Mmm, refreshing. Very, I mean, the breath freshener for people morning to loss of a loved one. Thanks. For revments. Located at your grocery's calendar or funeral parlor next to the lip balm. 20 past 10 and 5. 60 WDQA and happy Monday, January 23rd. You have a hopper there to try to suck me to talk about hockey. Not a good idea, I guess what? Right after you told them about people don't want to hear it. Right, and you still want to do well, again, because he says, well, I'll leave you only one of those anything about it. Well, nobody cares about it. That's the reason I'm the only one that knows about it. Nobody cares. They don't want to hear about it. They want to smell it. They want to know from it. Forget about it. Yeah, but the panthers are, yeah, okay. I wanted to do what we've versed because I don't know how we're going to do this thing with a pull on the movies and to be honest with you, I think it's just was a time killer on a movie pool because I don't see an awful lot of difference from the first time we did it. Maybe we didn't do it that long ago. And I'll tell you why I couldn't have been that long ago because Fahrenheit 9-11 is on it. Right. And I was 2004. So maybe we actually did this pull earlier this year. See, when I go through the history thing on a website there, I have no idea of knowing the date on the, that we took any of these pulls. Well, let's make it up. I can tell, but I can just tell by the chronological order, and I didn't do that because George, let's plan George for it. He's out six today. George has thought we did this stupid thing again because he, because he fastened me to list just to make a point that ignored you only had three votes. And I said, oh, that's a great idea. Let's see that pull again. George is called. That's why God is punishing him. That's why he's sick today. He's probably forcing him to listen to El Catecola all day long. WSUA. But I'll be your swivey. That's why when the book came out, I'm thinking, and it's like Spanish lollabies. They never had legislations. But they changed the format now. Man, it got like some versus of Colombian talk on there is some kind of crap. You would think that somebody in our audience would have told us about a radio swivey. But I guess maybe they're listening to a radio swivey, no speaking in English because even their website is all in this venue. And the worst part of it is I looked at their website and I could understand all of it. That really scared the hell out of me. I think I was in South Florida too long. Anyway, so I'll do the poor result in reverse. And I'm sure not going to go down the whole list of this 8,000 movies on here. Oh, why not? Take this kill about 130. I guarantee that. Take this up till bow time. In fact, if you think it's exciting that we got bow from 2 to 4 today, we got bow tomorrow and the big feature on there is Jacques Martana's rear clock. Kim bow camp or talk in hockey with froggy, holy cow. I want to hear Kim was say, fuck your magic twanger froggy. Just one time. I would drive off the road. In my chair anyway. Okay, so here's today's pool. I turn this show off when Neil or George talk about. I never turned it off out of 564 votes. 296 God, we love those people. No matter what we do, they're like, maybe they got one of those crystal radios that only gets wrong one frequency. I bet you never saw one though, did you? I never saw one of those. Actually, those go way back to the early days of radio, but they also go back in the 50s. There was a thing called the white mic. It was an advertising campaign. A bunch of scams to us. And they would go out. They'd come in and for your station. They would go out and sell a bunch of clients. And they would they had a big white microphone that they would put in the keys in the advertising place of business. And it had a crystal thing inside of it. In other words, it was tuned in your frequency. It was not like a regular radio. They could tune out of one of their frequency. Okay. So like it was a QAM white mic would be like 560. And it would be stuck there. And they'd have it on all day. And that got it, the white mic. I got it. Anyway, I turned it off when we, Neil or George talk about horse racing as past hockey. 66 and hockey 63. Those two horse racing and hockey. They forget about it. No interest. Not minimal interest. None. Zero. Zippity. Do-da. Religion 28. Fad stuff. 23. Like gay. Oh god. I wish George would quit doing that too. Politics 23. Music 20. Movies 20. Radio stuff 14. Sex 6. And food in restaurants 5. So I guess other than the top two of the restaurant like, I don't know. Pumsi cumsa. Right? Yeah. Well, I mean, there's nothing with more than 28. But horse racing and hockey is the next time the hover tries to give me one of those. And then he started it with that thing. Oh, you know, I also need that on their gambling. Okay. Because that's not just horse racing gambling. And I do talk a lot about that. And about woodbind, about the the slots, said about casino gambling. So here's the poll we took out of Friday. Anybody ready for this? No. It's only listed 45,000 movies. WQAM first, cold week. No. Not there. Good. Better than most of the alternatives to try six or nine. Oh, yeah. Why not? WQAM. First call of the week. Tone setter. I don't know. Okay, pali. What do you got? I've seen the new scandal in the city of Miami. What's that? About the mayor and the burial site of the seminal engines. What about those new powers? They fire the archaeologists that found the burial site in the. And the scoops on the desk. And they made minutes out of it. And they just are caught. They scooped at the desk. Well, you know, I'm a smell of cancer. Nobody cares. Okay. See, they're like I said, these calls are really great. Aren't they call up on radio kind of cool? Okay. Call up WSUM. Sure. They'll be whipped up in our frenzy about that. But I mean, I don't know about nobody speaking about energy. To miracle at any of the stations that in English. Good. Any numbers in South Florida. I've said that. It's just amazing. The best movie of all time. I think I'll save it to life for the break. You know? I think it's starting. I got about 7,000 titles to read. In fact, I think it's still what I'll just do is go to my movie book. And I'll just start it a and go through the Z. That's about right. WQAM. Hello. That'll teach George to be out sticking in. QAM. I don't turn off the new Roger show. It'll let them to be out. Yeah. Okay. QAM. Hello. Yeah. Reverend Jones is a dr. See, they got the 18 lines. They got their own phone set up. They got their own hook up there. Reverend and his boyfriend. Reverend Jr. WQAM. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Is this George? No. George is out today. If you want to speak to George, we need his home number. No. Just talk to your mouth. No. I want to speak to you regarding pop and harness. Are you going to be out there any time this winter? Why is that? Well, because I like to go by. I like to acknowledge you when you're there. No, I don't want you acknowledge me when I'm not going to be left alone. Don't want to see you. Don't want to know for me. I don't want to smear you. I don't want to be bothered. If I go to the pomp and harness when I'm there, which I was there, not that long ago, I was there in December. Oh, you were there at the track. We could have gone by and seen you. Exactly. That's why I didn't tell you. That's why I'm not telling you the next time. Had a great evening with my friend Dick Feinberg and the Derek and we talked and yucked it up and reminisced and had a few laughs and the fat rich memorial dinner and whatever. No, we want to come by and bug you. That's exactly one of the reasons I'm glad I'm not there. Okay, I'm not in South Florida and it's one of the great parts about life. The sunny shining, or break in all kinds of records for temperatures this time of the year. There is no snow on the ground and all good luck to you folks and South Florida because you'll need it. How's that audio kind of cool doing, man? Anybody speaking in the place down there or what? Dry concepts is the best in carpet cleaning in the universe. They've been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years. I wouldn't be in the colony anybody else. And during this month during January, dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract. Dry concepts maintenance contract, or as you savings and real peace of mind. Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet dry cleaning service. Not only will you say 50% off their regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there every time you meet them. Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach rather than the common clean dirty carpet approach. Don't get fooled and ripped off by those 1995 specials that leave your carpet soaked for days without treating the real problems. You made a huge investment in your carpeting your repository or drapery, so let dry concepts protect your investment for a long time. Dry concepts for professional staff is fully certified, their service and standard absolutely unmatched. So take the way out of having your homicentatized audio long when you have dry concepts maintenance program. And date route in the palm beaches column today tool free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, or on the web it's dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain that when you use these folks 1-800-248-5071. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18-16. Oh god Neil, it's beautiful. Oh he's on fire right now. She just focused on their full engine. Really though, we're just like any other couple. The latest hot couple in Hollywood died. Even better than the green and the ashes of pride. Red said which has front to lead by the queen of pride. And now she's with child and her names actually not too loose. Yes, that's a bad hotel where the car's quite affordable. She's really so loud that staff all the love. They call the foes they sat me all day or three. You've best bring up on to the new fighting actually not too loose. Oh, I put channel this down. He can't judge you the girl. I'm giving up on me. Oh, can't put down on you. But I'm showing up on time that has got a new friend. This is the late five thoughts that she's been out badly for. The honey too radars can flow by the horn. Old practice and mind the baby looks a bit shiny. It's like joining the two wiff over in with that tomato drooling. And where the kids saw them to the late six street. So how much she likes them. We have best of those kids. Where you get mine's friends with you and your kids are really. Are you ready to do it? Yeah. Get alive. 1034, 26 before 11 and 560 WQM. What's the best movie of all time we asked? And didn't we say that, uh, I said anyway, I want to get 3000 votes over the weekend. You said that, yeah. But we only fell 678 short. 2322, I guess that's the whole audience, you know. I guess that's it. I remember what's the punter time we probably got in 10,000 votes when that was the whole audience. 2322, not too good. Maybe they were busy this weekend. Doing what? Oh, watching those football games or maybe listening to a radio swave. I'll cut a call. Covenation of both. Right. Maybe they were listening to the, because they did the dolphins games in Espanol, by the way. Five of your swave. See? And they got talk shows now. I do see. You want to talk that somebody would have called in and given us a little heads up on that? Pretty sad. Comments here when the people in programming are even aware of what the other stations in the market are. We need a bisexual, I'd violate. I already had a bisexual, a bilingual program director. The best movie of all time, the godfather. Now that's the only the first one. Okay. Now the original first time we did this, we combined them. And I have no idea why we did that. That was not a smart move. Godfather, 414. Nobody else had even 100, although cast of like at 99, right on the edge. 414. Nobody even close to the godfather. Godfather, part 2 in its own right was third with 73. What does that tell you? Star Wars 72. Coocosiness moved up from where it was the first time we did a pull tied for our nextward order to the ring 66. I don't really want to read all this list. This is pathetic. Dr. Strangelog 59. Kathy Shack 57. Fair 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 5, 5, 6. Why was Hank so whipped up about that bitster was a cousin out Michael Moore? What was that all about? Because she's a wife of a pitcher in the vigilance. So she's hot? She ought to be horse whipped. Bitching out Michael Moore, what does she ever do for the human race? Post naked? Oh, I see. Well, like I said, yeah, who'd want to see Michael Moore naked? Good point. Animal house 45, Scarface 44, blazing Stameless 44. In fact, that might be the secret weapon against the Osama. Set him some naked pictures of Michael Moore. Jaws 43, money Python and a holy grail 38, good fellow 34, a pockle of sound 30, I'm only going to read the double digits. So because there's 7,000 in here and I did not watch City of God this weekend. Sorry. Come on. And I let football to watch. So what? Oh, and you know what? I did see the whole movie sleepers, which you didn't see until I can't discuss it until it was with him. Oh, wait a minute. Yes, I did. Would have you be busy sleepers? Where the kids get molested. Yeah, we're talking to the kids. Yeah, we're talking to the kids. And Dustin Hoffman and Brad Pitt. That's a great movie. Yeah, yeah. It is. So that's what I watched. Instead of City of God. If that wouldn't have been on again on my cable, I would have taken that TV and whipped that baby DVD. And whipped it right in there. Watch City of God. But I think you agree with me. That sleepers needs to be seen rough and very beginning. Or does it make any sense? Right. It's a great movie. Yeah. We've been on our list here of the 45,000 greatest movies of all time. Unfortunately, it wasn't was an oversight. We also didn't have any of the Batman movies on here. Or the Superbanner. Well, you can't have them all, you know. Let's see. Money Python. Good fellow, 34. Poclobs, 32. Palt fiction, 32. Clockwork, orange, 31. Citizen came, 31. Highly overrated movie. Shawshank, we mentioned 28. It's a wonderful life, 28. Not only overrated, but overplayed and just enough to make you appear, got some. You have to make you start the stuttering like a Jimmy Stewart. And of course, when you face the music, you start stuttering. I guess you don't have to worry about that anymore. Face in the music. So happy. Wow. What a relief. Braveheart 25. And by the way, I'll be in Pofero Park this Friday night. If anybody wants to come and stare at me. Not. I'll be there Friday. Braveheart 25, airplane 23, network 21. Bush it had a lot more votes than that. And spite of what you say. They go to bed in the U.B. 21. Lawrence of Arabia 20. Kill a mockingberry 18. Newsual suspects 18. Blazing settles and trains spotting 17. Now back in the day, it probably took some sound effects with a transport. Can't do it. Can't do it, pal. Young Frankenstein and Chinatown 16th piece. Pappy on 15. 15 for two America word police, Bush Cassidy and the Sundance kid in American beauty. 14 for gone with wind forest dump and ET. 13 for the greatest escape. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Do fairy. And the Schindler's list and later on her. 12 for the big Lebowski. The dear hunter. Ace Venture of Peptantective. The excess was out of get last night. I watched some of that with the bid. Friday. Uh, Friday is a movie and 2000's. Face us out of see the overhead 12. The excess is only had 12. How's that possible? And if you tell me one more time that that's a comedy. Well, come on. You think it's the best movie of all time? No. But it sure better than a lot of the crap that's above it here. Like, uh, pulp fiction. Give me a break or it's a wonderful life. Huh? I don't believe I got the pleasure of, or maybe not the pleasure of seeing that. It's wonderful. I would Jimmy Stewart. It's the corny Christmas movie. You never saw that. Oh, I saw that. Oh, geez. One of those real corny, balishow at air v. I mean, if you've been ever Christmas movie, what about a Christmas Carol day? The real old woman, L.S. There's Sim. That was the good one. Silence of the lands had 11 field of the dreams. All these had 11 field of dreams. Midnight expressed a graduate life of wine. Hard days night and city of God had 11 votes. I'll ride 10 for the little big man. Fierce the treasure serum on. Remednight Cowboy. Psycho and on a waterfront. And after that single vigil. Now, what am I going to get this time? Eight. Up from three to previous time and had eight. Book United said, six. That was on last night too. It can't watch all the movies at the same time. But that one was on there. Now, who now was in there we said, Marky Mark and Bert Reynolds. Right. Was in Boogie Nights. So, let's see more often was he in there? Yeah. Boogie, let's hold it. Boogie, let's hold it. That's a great movie. Didn't have too many votes on our list. Unfortunately, in fact, I would say along with deliverance. That's the only other good movie that Bert Reynolds ever made was Boogie Nights. Great movie. Yes, really good. You know what we got. Let's see who else. Told she more Hoffman. Who is crying like a girl. I'm trying to see who else is really known. That's about it. That's it. There were nobody else well known. I mean, for big, you know, we'll come on. We're in a famous, maybe it's somebody famous that you just started from MediaWilio, like Charles Dickens. Louise Guzman, Julian Moore. What's wrong with her? She was in Magnolia for Christ's six. Yes. She get a very similar role by the way. She's a great actress and you're just like, put, put, put on her for that Pictures wife who was written Michael Lowe, Don Gainman. Don Cheetos in it. Don Cheetos. I have good feet, alright. Right. Heather Graham. What am I thinking? Yeah, what's wrong with you, man? You're just so, uh, you just don't like that movie. Did you see Boogie Nights? Of course. I love what's wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that movie. Just to the one of you, you just probably jealous. 1041 of QAM. This is Neil Roger. This is 5162AFS. I'm dude. That's what you're going to work together. Right, and finally start drinking it. I love the way it fails when the bubbles dance off from my tongue. Boogie's here, John, the way to make 10 minutes of beer. He don't got 10 seconds. Perfect. What else would you do? Yeah, and who's the dude? So Paul Thomas Anderson wrote and directed Boogie Nights and Magnolia. So with no coincidence that he used a lot of the same actors and actresses in both movies. John C. Riley, which you left out conveniently. That's because you're Magnolia by us. Who's at the pot? And where you make Macy? I said where you make Macy. Don't you remember where you make Macy? He thought his wife would do when some guy in the bedroom. He went out to his car. He put the drink on the roof and he came back and bought a bank. And then he stuck her gun in his mouth. I'll tell you what he said. I said that? I do. Oh man, this is not the wall real bad. So anyway, there are two great movies Magnolia and Boogie Nights. And that's the end of that list. 567-0560, pound-five, six-dene Verizon, singular wireless lines. A lot of people were very bad taste. Not to mention names. Italy, court-ass, did Jesus exist? Remember we had this story a couple of weeks ago? Yes? Well, we're hitting there now. Lawyers for a small town parish priest of an order to appear in court next week after the Roman Catholic Church was accused of unlawfully asserting what many people take regretted. Now, Jesus Christ existed. Here people say that all the time, Jesus Christ, are you here again? Thresso-like one fat boy would waddle in there. The Reverend Enrico Rigi was named in a 2002 complaint filed by Luigi Castioli after Rigi wrote in a parish bulletin that Jesus did indeed exist and that he was born of a couple named Mary and Joseph in Bethlehem and lived in Nazareth. Vasqueoli, a lifelong atheist claims that Rigi violated two Italian laws by making this assertion so-called abusive popular belief in which someone fraudulent will receive people and impersonation which somebody gains by attributing your false name to someone. Vasqueoli says that for 2,000 years the Roman Catholic Church had been deceiving people by furthering the Fable that Christ existed and says that church is vignaning financially by impersonating his Christ someone by the name of John of Gamala, the son of Judas from Gamala. He also was in this story exactly the same when we had on before I think so but this is CNN just discovered. He also asserts that the gospel is the most frequently set of testimony of Jesus existence are inconsistent, floor areas and bias in that other written evidence from the time he's scant and doesn't hold up to scholarly analization. Prosecutors who in Italy are obliged to investigate such complaints initially tried to have the case dismissed saying that no crime could be verified but. Castioli challenged them in Judge Gaitano Mautoni, said he hearing for next Friday in a bi-terrible north of Rome to discuss the literary emotions and castioli's bid to have the court of point technical experts to review the historical data and determine if Jesus we did exist. Now what if they go through it all this day discover, oh you know what somebody just made this up there was no such guy what then what do we do now that would be great I think they should publish it all over the world that we are a bad for business. Very bad for business. I want to call the day about right I'd audio because if we can't find out from our programming people about the other stations in the market what else going on in South Florida radio how to help we're going to know what's going on around this they give us all these numbers on a sheet of paper and I see a radio a swave going through the roof and I think what else is all about must have been just all Julios got diaries which of course is true but never less a radio a swave they're kicking ass they're kicking some big fat Colombian ass 567 and 056 the pound five sixty in the Verizon singular route of line WQAN hello. Daniel good morning are you sir okay. Just wanted to submit a movie for your poll. The best movie of all time. Yeah that's the last Friday's full that's over with. I'm sorry I didn't wait. Yeah I would have voted in the 1962 color version of me on the bounty with my own brand no one Trevor Howard anyway. That would have been a good choice but guess what to lead. So anyway that's what you do a couple of weeks ago about the world's silliest religious crap. Are these people who are one. It's not for a man they're a little bit behind they're a little bit behind the times they're in a stone age man or in a dark age and of course don't play and then look where they live look where they are look at their surroundings look at the environment. I'm a driver's look at the average age 145. I'll wait till I tell you about my driver's license by the way. Tell me to Q. I am hello. Q. I am heavy breathing line. What? You can more. Yes sir. Are you. Good. Speak in. Yeah. Hi there. Good morning. Good. How you doing? I'm talking about the elections and the chatter that we're going to go leave. What's your name? I'm a big opponent. The election is coming up in Canada. What is that going to be? I'll allow police to do today. Today. Yeah. It's going to be a bad thing or a good thing. It's going to be a bad thing so the Conservatives are 10.8 NLFs and they're going to take a turn to the right. That's what I hear that's what I hear. What is that? My life. Well I hope not. The media certainly affect our lives though the ball can pay for American media. But of course they're about to hire better. They'll never find out the truth about much of anything. Well I close this show as a good then go out and have a nice day. Get some sun. Get a little vitamin D in your body and enjoy life because it's really short. Don't worry about these things. I mean I do have my usual stack of articles that nobody cares about and I'll get into them because we don't have McGill or give me a son of dance. I thought I was terrified that would Georgia out today. He was going to be sitting in the electorate me about not doing these bad times. Oh he's busy. He's got things to do. Good. Keep him where he belongs. Maybe he's researching an audio kind of cool. Huh? Sure he's listening right now on his office. Well good for him in his office. That of us. WQAM. Hello. An audio kind of cool. Yes. No. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, kind of cool. What they do is they have a guy. They have different shows and they have a guy in Bogota. He talks to people all over the world. Yeah. You know, you call from Miami and you know, you talk to him. They also have the news from all over the world. You know, they have different radio stations in different cities. Things like that and then community programming, you know, lawyers and stuff like that. Oh my god. So this is boring is a dog poop. Well they also have, you know, soccer programs. And that's where most of the people, most of the guys, you know, want to hear about soccer from their country. So they have all the scores and all that stuff. Wow. So that's a thing that is a station for our foreigners. That's what it is. That's what it is. For legal aliens? Well, not necessarily, but possibly. Not necessarily, but possibly. But possibly. There you go. Okay. Thanks for your honest opinion. He said, radio kind of cool really sucks. Is nobody just said he said it's for a bunch of illegal aliens who just came on a banana boat. That's why a lot of people are listening and he said, yeah, well, that's how Florida for your baby. No speaking in glaze. I keep on. No no chance. Not your kind of cool. My ass. That is just unbelievable. Mount Costa, Shoria. Put anything on in the foreign language, especially as Juan Eulanzato, Florida here in Tidio, laced a two-share right off the bed. Hello. Hello. Hello. Can you speak to me? Juan Eul. Hello. We know. Yes. What's up, Milo? How you doing? I wonder if I can lend you a movie. Okay. Good. Do it some other time. We're not talking movies anymore. Okay. You people are like, yeah, stuck in a stone hinge in the dark ages. And I'm not going to think of the fact, look at the poll. And when you talk, movies, twenty two people turn out immediately. If not sooner, enough of a movie is already. Anyway, sleepers, you really ought to see it. Yes. And when you did see that, it is an excellent movie. And the acting is outstanding. And then they see the author of the book. It's based on a book. The author claimed it was a true story. Really? And you're loaded to the end. The movie that they flash on the screen. The things about the state of New York denies that any such activities ever took place in any Jew in the city. And the author maintains that the names of the chains that protect the innocent and the guilty, but nevertheless, that's a true story. And I believe it. I'll take his work forward over. And I'll tell you one thing that the Catholic Church ought to be happy about this is at least we have finally a good priest. Although he lied, they lied for a good reason. No, the narrow. Right. He was very good man. And the Dustin Hoffman was like, he was like one step away from Rayman. Didn't you think? I thought that movie was everybody was good in it. It was great. I turned his show off when Neil or George talk about 660 votes. We got a chance at a thousand in a human. Even when our George B in here. Oh, he'll be upset to be a domestic. You know what I'm saying? Nope. Let's see. I never turned his show off. 153. 53.3% loyal. They're glued in man. They got those magic white mics. Would it glue into that with a crystal set to five 60? We love you people. Thank God. And boy, we need that loyal audience man. I'll be here for a while. I'll be here for a while. I'll be here for a while. I'll be here for a while. Now, against the Colombians, against the meeting in Cartel. Now what it is? Yeah, we're up against all that drug dealers man. How do I know how to beat them? I guess if you can't beat them join them. That's probably where George is today. That's where George is today. Yes, I'm going to stick. Yeah, stick. He's sick. My ass. He's out there. Probably making drug deals with a meeting in Cartel. He's probably making a job over the radio. He's not a cool. When you think that'd be right up his alley, using that rock regas name. I turned it off when you were George talk about horse racing. 76. That was George would stop doing that. 76. Hockey 74. What is he ever going to stop? The Panthers, the Panthers. Oh, that only yoke and in man he's really your mama. And those are really the only two. They just cannot hit a politics only 28. Religion 28. Music 25. Of course, my taste in music is so bad. Movies 23. In my taste in movies is even worse than my taste in music. Fag stuff. That's where I got the good taste 23. I know that. I know that. The whole deal inside the new radio stuff 18. Now we're getting into my area of expertise. Now that I know I know I got all the floor mats down to a science. Including that new. What is it? H. H. What is it? The one that's think so bad. Oh, the new. Yeah, I don't know the call. Right. Food and restaurants only eight. Sex seven and gambling. Solomon. So many two. Yeah, we got a cure. Hanker that. But I do like what Hank said. That's my business gambling. Can you believe that? It's true. No, it is not true. His business is going on here and giving us and making stuff. That doesn't mean that his business. But you know there are multiple multiple facts. Is a day that show up for him. That you show every game that's going to be played that day. Yeah. He probably bets them all. Oh, God. No wonder he sounds under such pressure. What is it? He's in your ass. He's in your ass. Yeah. How is he handling the bikes? That was he. He's in. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your blame. Any questions? Did you know anything about soccer? From lack of a version of Neil New Orleans comes on brand new chart lecture. Need this will be chocolate. For instance, peanut butter cups. How did you make chocolate? These are delicious ones. They're dark chocolate. They're dark chocolate. They're not super dumb with peanut butter. And because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut butter cups, all of peanut butter is then moved off and replaced with chocolate. That's the chocolate I'm talking about. Just the way you got it. It's the way you got it. You want something? And you sure don't try the delicious new chocolate trick. They're going to be quick. They can't make it with light milk. And it becomes a delicious drink. And for chocolate, nothing runs on both dry races, pieces. It's eleven a one and five. Can't stand the way he says chocolate. Do you notice that? And the other way. Well, that's another chocolate. There's the way most normal people say. He says chocolate. Oh, geez. He just makes me. He's just an idiot. Is what he is. May or a nagging head. Answering a prayer, speaking of Columbia. And by the way, anybody caught listening to a radio cuticle will be deported to Columbia immediately if not sooner. That's what I'm hearing. That's where I just started. Chad done a work two years with US Embassy in Bulbitak, Columbia and he attended worship each week in San Florida. The link, a streaming video or online broadcast of four lobbyals Christ Church United Methodist on his computer. He and Gloria Nancy, his club, we kind of have a name as ad. His Columbia and Bornwife often gathered to watch along with as many as ten family members. The tiny home congregation is a powerful example of how church groups are using technology to bring people together even across time and continents. Church was the pillar of my Sunday family life. I was growing up, said number 31, an Army Reserve captain in Military Intelligence, and we turned on the coconut creak this month. The web streaming gave me something I couldn't get out of where a little slice of the US and sometimes it was the only spiritual fulfillment I would get all week. Oh, God, isn't that great? Don't we all need little spiritual fulfillment? Oh, yeah. Or some kind of fulfillment. While the revolution began about a decade ago, churches have gone far beyond the groundbreaking religious websites and whatever this says, I don't know what this word is of the 1990s. The new currency is online message board, web logs, fiber optic transmission, even tiny high five music players. We've got tools that we never had before said Greg Derby, president of the Christian Interactive Network in Pompat of Beach, and the reaches worldwide fantastic for brainwashing. Man. Sure as how beats like that, I said, and never sure beats out handing a pamphlet on street quarters. Remember that scene? Yes. Yeah. Which he said, my name is whatever it was, a badass comic. Oh, can't say that. I thought what was her name? Lorraine Hobbs. Remember that? I do. My name is Lorraine Hobbs. I'm a badass comic. How far in response to our B checks are our server, hearing these signals south for the Christian radio station WMCU. At this moment, we have 115 people listening to the streaming right now from North Carolina, Texas, California, England, Spain, and Germany. 115 men, that's impressive in it. Praise Christ. In Pompat's county, don't you even watch yourself, man. So what I've said, the leaders crab, got his going to smite your ass. In Pompat's county, site in San Flow, each Sunday of among Christ Christ fellowship in Pompat's curbs, and it's two satellite campuses, and it goes on. So now we got the internet is also religious about your crash. Everywhere you turn, same old Getskies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, and I noticed the humpers have the one bit of a time getting calls this morning. So I guess this isn't going to be that kind of a day, you know? Maybe it's blue Monday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 6, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. Blow today in tomorrow and we got Curtis and we got guilty. Mixed in man, it's like a mishmosh. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Listen, I obviously looked at every day, and I'm just going to... Just to get to eat this one on the pole because I'm sure there's people out there. It's pretty good for the pole, even though I may not vote for it, but know how or Dave it. He's not here, no, no. Well, but he's just for the bits and things like that. Alright, I'm doing my own here. I'm going to... Yeah, I'm just saying that, you know, personally I don't know anywhere I think it's hilarious, but I don't call it another time bitch and a f**k it. Oh, yeah, the ones that call in pitch and a bar, the ones get way for the next good. We got a bad echo when it's called. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, let's put that on there. More Howard David it did. Alright. Okay. Although it's a little bit late though, horses are already out of the bar and the horses is asked. And especially after two months in a row of a 1.1 share, that was really a phenomena way to go out. By the way, I'll be a pompot-opart tonight at 7 o'clock. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Archery, through. Come on and give your free autographs tonight. Bring some of those stupid autograph cards. The especially the IOD one, those are my favorites. WQAM, hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah. I feel like some of I was looking to you and you made a joke about the scottie map that said I tried to call you them and I couldn't get in by. But the African Queen? Well, actually there's two things about him that I think you don't know. Number one, he's not African American. Yeah. What do I care? Are you some kind of a racial thing you want to make out of this? No, no, he's Indian. Is all I want to tell you. Johnny mattresses Indian? He's a, you can go look up on the internet. Yeah. And the second thing, and he and my ass. And all of you out there, you. And then number two that he was well known before he was a singer for something you would never go. Which is that he was on the package at basketball team with Bill Russell at the University of San Francisco for two years. One night. Wow. This is a, you look up on the internet. I'm not making it up. Huh. That's what I just thought about you though. You look up right now. You pick my interest. Johnny mattresses in Indian? Or maybe he's the Indian queen. Oh, I don't think we know what any movie named the Indian queen. We do know the African queen. I don't think the guy gets it. But at any rate, Johnny mattresses, let's say Google it. We say why? All right. Chances are, Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Oh, both of our Johnny come on. Even do it. Let's see. Johnny mattress.com. The African queen. Huh. Celebrating 50 years since Johnny's first recording. Oh, skip the intro please. Don't you hate these artsy, fancy websites? Oh, welcome to my website. I hope you enjoy it here. There's Johnny right there. And what's that he's squeezing in his hands? Let's see. Vio. Here we go. Let's get to the bio. Meow, my. I'm clicking it. Boy, this thing is awful. So here we go. The fourth of seven children. John Royce, Mathis is born September 20th, 1935. God is the old. He's 70 years old for Christ's sake. Almost. In German Texas, the Cymna, no good mathists. Well, that's two things he and I have in common. We both had a mother named Milton Riddin. As a small boy, the family moved to post-reat in San Francisco. It was there that he learned and I appreciate the music from his father. We taught him his first song, My Blue Heaven. At age eight, his father purchased an old upright piano for 25 bucks. When he brought it home, it wouldn't fit through the front door. So that evening Johnny stood up all night to watch his father this manuel piano. Get it into the small room of their basement apartment and then we assemble it. Just like the studio here that I'm sitting right now. Do you know if they had to do that? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. You'll build a studio down here in Miami and then they disassembled it and they shifted up here in parts. And the engineers here, plus who they came up himself along with Bob Vermouth and they put it back together again. Unlike the egg, the Humpty Dumpty, egg, the Greg Reed broken to a man in pieces that they can't put back together again. Good luck on that one by the way. I was just found that Johnny mathed the site myself by the way, but I had to back out because of the music that's playing. Oh, I'm not listening to the audio. The claim math is who worked briefly as a musician and text is playing the piano and singing on the stage. We've continued to teach us how many songs and routines. Oh, he taught him some routines. Johnny had proven to be the most eager the children learned about music goes on. He was 13 when Clem Turbin to see Connie Cox, a very or your voice teacher. Who agreed to take on the instrument exchange for doing odd jobs around her house. But he's probably pretty good to do an odd jobs. Johnny started with Connie for six years learning vocal skills and exercises, voice production, classical operatic skills. And he was a star athlete at George Washington High School. On the track and field team is a high jumper and heardler and played on the basketball team. All right. In 54, he enrolled at San Francisco State College with the intensive and being an English and Phys head teacher. Oh, I got to those good teachers. Look out. They like to make you take showers naked, you know? What I do is a good idea. I think when you have that kind of a physics and teacher, it's good idea to take showers with your clothes on. While there, Johnny said a high jump record of six foot five and a half inches, this is still on the college's top 15 list. Just as he was when your high school's on his name was Fickland. I mentioned in the sports sections of the Northern California newspapers. He was referred to as the best all-around athlete come out of the San Francisco Gate Bay area. And it goes on and on. But then you don't see anything about being in June. Huh? I mean, not that it really makes any difference. But the guy was right. The guy was a, he was a basketballer. Although this isn't saying anything about his being on. Oh yeah, he was on the 56-tole and pick whatever. So there you go. Everything you wanted to know about Johnny Mathis and quite frankly, we don't want to know nothing. The African Queen. But that's your kills and good time. Thank you very much, Palay. That was a fantastic call. And let's see. For the pool today, I turn it off when Neil talks about Johnny Mathis. WCWAM hello. I'm John the Giant. WCWAM hello. Here I mean. WCWAM hello not there. 56-tole and 0-560. Pound 560 and the Verizon singular. Why I was flying. I was a good track after there. We had a good run. Yeah. WCWAM hello. Yes sir. Okay. I don't know the size. I don't know the size. I don't know the size. So how many QAM hello? A new? Yep. How are you today? Good. How are you, Neil? I'm fine. I have a question for you. Is it about an annual kind of call? Yes. Do you change your type of areas? No, yeah. Your mama. I think your mama does. Oh, speaking of that. Oh my god. Of your mama. There was a clip on the news. I figured what your was on. Yes, they were on certainly not news network. They had this one of these meetings in New Orleans with all the disgruntled homeless people who are either out of their homes or they can't find their relatives. And it was a very large dark-complicated lady, chocolate. And she was forming it to my, they can't find her mother or her husband held it is. And they are paying attention. And she had a mustache that did you see that clip? I did not. But I watched. She had a full mustache. Big fat lady with a mustache. If I put on CNN, well, I see that in a very land-rokeam over and she said, down, oh, we're going to make some calls because this is politically very bad for me. And you know, I'm serious. You wouldn't have believed it. And I'm not exaggerating. This lady had a big mustache. I'm trying to think of somebody famous who's got a mustache. Famous somebody. Bert Reynolds and Vogue nights. Okay. Well, kind of like that. Just like that. That's pretty funny. I mean, you know, we see you see people with facial hair and like, you know, women with the, but this wasn't just like that. Yeah, you just don't even know. You might have a mustache. That's that's struggle. Yeah. Now I wouldn't she shade that baby. And a mustache too. Well, why not? Maybe she likes it. I guess. And she was a big lady, man. I thought she was going to like knock somebody into the next, in a solar system. Good God. She was just wild. And rightfully so by the way. I mean, the fact that she's got a mustache doesn't mean that we shouldn't find her loved ones, etc., or we should be less sympathetic, but man, how about a little bit of hygiene, you know, how about like shaving it? Or maybe there's some reason for it, you think? Oh, sure. Maybe because she's been out, maybe because of the hurricane. Maybe she hasn't been in home while I'm. She can't get her shaving equipment together. Good point. Good point. Yeah. Although if this struck me a little bit bizarre, that I mean, do you know any women that shaved their like upper lip? Wait a minute. I'll pass on that. Don't go there. Don't go there. Fulvin' it's after 11 at 5.60. WCWM. If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid, if you're new, as resolutes as a high paying career, you're better act right now. Pick up the phone and call fast train, toll free at 1.866 fast train. Fast train will get to train ready for a great new high-pain career just a few short months. That's right. Get you a new high-pain career in just a few short months. What's not to like? You're in a medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. And fast train offers convenient day, evening, weekend classes, job placement assistants, financially for people who qualify. So pick up that phone right now and call fast train at 1.866 fast train. Fast train is placed over 100 people like you in 2005. So check fast train on the web at fast train.com. But do it now because classes are filling up really fast. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Get out of your dead end job. Say good-body or dead end boss and a crappy paycheck. And get yourself a rear career with some real training from fast train. Call today 1.866 fast train. This year make that new year's resolution reality. Get a life 1.866 fast train. This is a meal runner. This is 5.62A. I've got two sets of rents. What? What? D.D. Can't say when she can play through the last story. Watching obsess and crying means she can't like a dancing. She's scared of the sick head. The front foot can't bear the pain. She can't say even she can't be seen. This is all her best recipe. She can't say even she can't be seen. And the bread for becoming a mother. But secretly she got that he's gone. Now that then you're gone. It's time to scream and shout that she's happy. Now that she has been formed. We'll see if I'll hear it now. That she'll get even somehow. If she finally say I'm telling her you're so men's feeling cal. We'll just sing about their praise. If you dial the lyrics, please. We'll see if they best read the stinky. And it's time to use a review. Life's a good one, Jessica. Because all happy they've all heard. I saw that for wrecking what's mixed and why. Life was a fairy tale. Now the house is born. Fails is got its waste from the switch. They've put her in the ditch. Life's a base for that waste. From her man. All the dry methods by the way is the first recording artist ever. Now this is something you might be very interested in. You might make a million dollars on Jeopardy Sunday with us. Okay. The first artist ever have an album called So-and-so's Greatest Hits. And in this case Johnny's Greatest Hits. Because it wasn't going to be like Patty's Greatest Hits. Johnny's Greatest Hits in 1950 was the first one. That's shocking. Wow, I'll take that to the bank. I mean, yeah, I mean there are other people before him. I could have had greatest hits. But they just didn't get around to it. So I'll be picking on for Johnny, man. For this one. Okay. You're fair. Well, with you. 752 votes on a full-mo-how or David did it. He's got three. But it's kind of like anti-climactic. On by the way, Neil, I got a great movie for your pool. Fine. Doesn't it just, I don't know. I guess you reach a certain point where nothing shocks you anymore. That's just amazing to me. How shallow the people of So-Float-Argent. You got, you just, I feel for you. I feel so bad because I spent how many years there. But, good man. My God. How did I survive it? Jesus. It's just, it's as shallow as a grave. Shallows the grave in deliverance. Remember they had a big derailleur for that mug lump guy from Aintree? Yeah. Yeah. 560560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Got Kim Bo Kamproy to this afternoon in the revolving slot. You ever see a revolving slot? W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil. Are you doing? Pretty good. Right, it's a thing. It was. She kept mad because she thinks I'm fooling around with a 17 year old and I'm 41 for Christ's sake. Got him. Yeah. Okay. Line 9. It's going to be the whisper. WQA and whispering line. Hello. I'm jogged on that man. Becoming. 567 that's not the whisper. It's a bad fake Eddie. And that's it. See now I can come to Missouri with a Humphor because he was just dying for calls this morning. I thought to myself, you know, this is not going to be. I think I'll go back to bed. And then I found out after sitting around here to line a clock, oh, George is out sit today and, uh, but I'll be put a little bit of a. And Clarice wants to come in and nudge you again. See, I got nudge you in all my life, all my life. I had a mother that nudge you. Now, smell all my life. And then she finally, uh, you know, went to that the nudging place in the sky. About a year and a half ago. And I thought, well, now there's nobody to nudge you me anymore. But I guess Clarice wants to be, uh, your mama or my mama looks to fill the gap. Nag, what a nag of past. That's not that. Just go away, Clarice. Okay. Just go away. Just relax. Just make sure my paycheck gets to our Wednesday and other not have a fine day. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, uh, for Neil. Yes, sir. Is Neil? Sounds like me, yeah. How are you, sir? I got a good idea for you. Yeah. You know, these jackasses that call you in a waste of time and you want to hang up on him. When you hang up the phone, you automatically put out a high pitch beef. And definitely, definitely. You mean like this? Like that? I wonder if it worked. 560, pound five, 60, only Verizon, singular, wireless line. Man, this is, this is Doomsday, January, 22. I should, I don't know. I guess there are, I guess there are, because the dolphins didn't when I play off game yesterday. What a joke. Oh, you're wrong. You're, they won their last six in a row. This season they're going to be a contender next year. They're going to be a force. It's the same in Eranale. Okay. WQAM. Hello. What is he with? Like that 60 and they went against the Patriots. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Just update from ghosting park without there this weekend. Yeah. And it's a silly thing. When you say this on the poll, it says, here, what's the, when you turn off most when he talks about horse racing is leading. So we better not do that. I guess this guy, he probably come from radio a car or a son or whatever. Is that what I will. Is that what? Yeah. He's called for my new cut of cool trying to stuff it off our audience. Oh, yeah. What is it we can talk about that? We'll make sure the whole audience goes diving for the now and turns it off immediately. Now, sort of horse racing, galls dreamy, mama. Don't care. Not interested. Especially the flats. And after about how can anybody watch that? You sit there and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait. You read the racing form and you know hot dog and the horses come out. They've been the first of all when I post grade in third grade racing. They look like Chinadows. Like if somebody reads out them too hard, they're going to fall down and fall into women and pieces. And then he runs like most races are like six for long, like a minute and ten seconds. And then he sits there for another half an hour. Oh, brother. Not my cup of tea. Come in to Q.A.N. Hello. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. No, he had one more. No, there was one more. That was grade read by the way. That was grade read. If Hank is right about that, if he's. If he's soccer demon is signing him on for ten or eleven years on a payroll to be there. Can't you tell me that? I think that's his contract. What? I think he has like ten years left or something on his contract. You call that a consultant? Get out of here. They said his contract is manager was up at the end of the last year. I'll pretty sure. No. Okay. You're pretty sure what. That was Caroline Beesley said that. And she sure is I wouldn't lie. Now nobody in this company would lie to anybody. But regardless, I mean, whatever was that that's unbelievable. So he just comes around. He's going to try to get them to screw it up as bad as he did. You've got to be kidding me. It's just amazing to me. It would be like rain niggum giving instructions on race relations. Somebody Q.I.M. Hello. I like you. Do you like me? No. Somebody Q.I.M. Hello. Wow. This is good. Q.I.M. Hello. No. Yes, sir. You open the back. You open this back. WQA.M. Hello. WQA.M. Happy Monday. Yes. Yes, sir. Your audio show? Yes, speaking. Hi. Had a summer for your phone? Okay. My vote would be for a progressive or a new wave rock. Or whatever that noise was, it's a Georgia's plan. Okay. Especially when they were talking over the noise. That was especially, yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. Especially bad radio. Well, I think we got music on it. Isn't it already count? Yes. Because that's his music as opposed to my music. Which his music race mind me was exound fantastic. Because he's tasting music is pathetic. I'll leave it with that. What do you know about it? I know enough. Yeah. You know nothing. Is that what you said? Enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6. Let me ask you something. What name are you? I'm a great artist from the 80s or 90s. It's going to like some great music that's going to live for like 100 years. Yeah. In my opinion? Yeah. 90s till now. That's like that covers the 16 years. From the 90s to the decade now. Okay. Okay. A band that'll be popular for a long time. Metallica. The talent will be, you know, they actually got started in the 80s. But yeah, I was going to say. It'll be around, you know, for a long time. From the 90s and now. Inkey, bitch. No. Come on. If I say anything. What is there is there not going to be a chuckle? No. And whether I chuckle enough does make it wrong. It's just my opinion. And you know what band tastes. I got a music. My taste isn't my touch. By the way, did he ever give you that movie? Which I don't know if you'd like to not about the the Motown movie? No, he did not. Well, why not? By the way, I don't know where you would get off. I like music. I don't have the problem at Motown whatsoever. Why you sort of offensive about it? No, but I don't know if you like it enough that you watch a whole movie about it. But standing in the shadows a Motown, I think you might enjoy it. It's great. I'm sure it's educational. No, not quite not educational. I mean, you do learn something about the these guys that nobody ever knew about before. The, you know, but the fact in the matter is it's just a fun movie. It's great if you like Motown. If you're like Motown. So I guess, I'll give you the movie you'll watch. And then you'll say, uh, it was a little bit too much Motown. Well, I'm not watching a damn thing until you watch City of God. No, I feel like, you know, no. I'm not going to watch any of this. I want to watch any of this. I want to watch any of these movies. And I'm going to get mad one so far. I'm going to get mad movies if you see so far. Other network that you fell asleep in. Um, I guess that's about it. No. Twenty seven after eleven and five sixty QM when you're shopping for shoes, Comfort fit and value are the three ingredients that anybody with a half of a brain is looking for and that's why people are smart. Take their feet over to Brandy shoes and Comfort of Beach. Brandy's carries a humongous and gigantic unbeatable selection of all the top brands. They got rock for it. They got floor shine echo new balance. No fistO SAS you like it. They got it. And Brandy's professional shoe fit is make sure you have a customized video of your favorite comfort shoe every time. Just ask for Arnie at Brandy. So make sure you get the perfect fit of the right price. They even specialize in wide width as well. Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place in town. So don't forget for that unbeatable combination for your feet. Comfort style fit value and selection. Brandy shoes that 12 million or federal highway in poverty will be open Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday till five. And every week there's another great value of Brandy shoes. This week's spary topside is in both lens and women's styles. You'll save 10 to 20 bucks extra a pair. Only this week and only a Brandy shoes in poverty will be. This is a new Rogers. This is five sixty two eight six. This is Dan Rattie from our CBS eating news anchor man and now a punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First Bob Sefer. Nice enough man but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use Rogan. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts who currently anchors the Sunday CBS eating news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red. He can't be a host head. Then there's Scott Kelly from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think plus he's skinny or than Kelly Rippler. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-aker Katie Kerrick. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J. Lo's butchete. Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together and she reeks of gene attaix. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who is involved. Canadian, skinny or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you a whistler is to blow a gun is to bang. And Katie Kerrick has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. 1134 26,000, it's 5.60, WQAM. I'm working on tomorrow's pool already. Really? Yeah. Even revotes on this one so we'll have over a thousand before you can say Jimmy Cricket. Sure. And speaking of radio and now they did beat the Miguel Poladau. Radio Cotta Coley in men in our target demo. They beat us in the morning and in the afternoon. This last in this bizarre book but nevertheless, their kick and ass man. A lot of Colombians. WKY Oklahoma's first radio station switched to Spanish language programming today. Oklahoma. What? What's the Spanish population? I'm going to look at a of one. Oklahoma. Oklahoma can't be a lot. 85 billion. The station grabbed its news talk format began simultaneously. The Spanish station KINB FM. 105 points. We also owned by Citadel Communications. We look for our profile at KINB in Doma. It's indomitable. And that's the growing population for Latinos in Oklahoma City. We realize this success we could reach between our line Doma. Doma. And it's a web at the city of the upper eastern manager Chris Baker. Chris Baker. Oh, that can't be Chris Baker to one from my dog. Can't be candidates in an email on Monday. If that's that Chris Baker, I'm going to murder somebody before this day is over. Merging KINB in WKY. Now, it gives us one of the biggest regional Mexican signals in the Southwest. Today, we received calls from listeners in ADA, ENA, and Chickashoa to name a few communities around the Metro. Can I listen to Indomobly? WKY reportedly the first radio station, where's the the Mississippi River? Had been a news talk station since it was acquired by Citadel from the Oklahoma Publishing Company in December 2002. Under Citadel ownership WKY's local news talk was a distant second behind news talk leader KTOKAM1000, which could recindicated right wing talk host like Ross Lombalsha on Hannity and every other fascist on the air. And it goes out with the numbers they had this, but it would be put above. A radio cuticle by the way, did nothing Oklahoma City. WKY also has carried Oklahoma City blazes and Red Hawke's game broadcast, planned to cut back on its fourth program on the new floor, Mad Baker said. Blazers spokesman Josh Evans said the team expected WKY to carry the main door of its games this season. How do you like that? So the oldest station, AN station, west of the Mississippi. Now, no speaking, blaze. How do you like that? Does that tell you what we're talking about? Are you a kind of coal? And can't buy a coal, a coal? That's why. Because nobody's speaking, blaze, no more in South Florida. You will hear us out there. We surrender. We're waving our flag flag. We give up. How about you got the Hispanic population of Oklahoma? I'm looking right now. And I, 20 billion. Seven trillion and growing by leaps and bonds, reproducing like bunny rabbits. You know, they're not really breaking it down at all. I can't find it. I don't know. You can't find the Hispanic population of all. And that's probably because your computer can't carry that many zeros on it. That's what it is. That's what the deal is. It can't carry a number that high. That is scary. WQA in no speaking lanes. I don't know. WQA in, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I want to give one for your poll. Yeah. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. When George is on, I got to say, he's created his side to take one example. That's one radio bill. That's not the poll question. Oh, it's a poll. The question is, turn it off when you were George talk about some subject. Not just a chance to pick on George because he's sick from doing so many drugs. Come on. I might not have a little bit. You're kind of some slack man. The guy's probably crawling around Pupin's gut, sir. I have never known anybody in my life who has sick as often as he is. Just always just on and on and on and busy and crawling around and Pupin up and jogging at flim balls and all these, all of these are all of these things. I think it's that family of his man. You know, you know, you know what I'm saying, the kids. I think it's that whole home environment. Plus of course, come here to work in that sick building there. I think that's going to add like many, not just psychologically, but for my health standpoint, I'd add years to my life, not having to come to that building here. But if you're, I'm talking about it. It's a sick building. Maybe if you're about to do something for the hired hands there, we're say, probably don't want to do because everything is in limbo. Are they moving to whatever the other building? There would be a nice thing. Have like in a sanitary workplace as opposed to a sick building, which it definitely is and every respect. But every time I would come in there, like with intimidation, I'm coughing and choking and puking and you look at them, you can see the lung coming around the vents up there. Just look up there. There's lung. Oh my god, there it is. Yeah, you can smell it. You can feel it. You can touch it. And on a lung, too. By the way, you ready for that population? Yes, I'll go from a city of the whole state. Oh, go from a city. Yes? Five hundred and six thousand. One hundred. Oh my god. See, how do you like that? Oh, great. Right. Like Indomai, Duma-Ble, how do you say that? The indomitable one. I don't know what that means. I guess we do. Huh? I don't. You better start learning your espionial, Mr. because I'm going to tell you right now, you're going to get left at the hitch in post. You're going to let me get left in the behind because that's where it's at now. The Julios are taken over America. Forget about yourself. I mean, I realize geographically it's right on the other side of Texas. So naturally a lot of these illegal aliens. I mean, wonderful folks come pouring across the Mexico. Like I said, illegal aliens, a half a million of men Oklahoma City. Take everybody else's jobs, right? And taken over the radio station on these. Well, I got news for it when we got a catacole beating Kuleum in the morning and they have to do it in men. That tells you something really stinks in the magic city. I'm saying something really smells very bad when the many in cartels taken over South Florida. This is a new rock. I think that's $2.25. This is $5.16. But I'm going to let you go. John Fierre and the taxi carer about her driver, several cars. You look that mean. So cool. It's a good ring. The penalty was on the dog. So I acted out my puncture aid. It was in my arms. The trees I made. No bug speaks to English and a momma. I went down to my, yeah, I made witchware the weather is nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a red dust storm. But the guy that's hot real fun ass. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just not the end of what does that mean. The mud is teaching English and a momma. That corner's deline. Hell, I think I've been punished. I'm speaking with smelly. Are you going back to the wall, alright? I can't hear. I can't hear the go-mo. I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty well. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me say. You're not a better speech English. Come on, momma. Let me 45 a QM now somewhere along the line. Did you see the story that you just passed him in? I did. That's why I texted. I was way off. I gave you the total population of Oklahoma City. I guess. Is it a half a million? Correct. Five don't go there. You're a winner. You definitely don't want to go there. You're right. New figures from the US Census Bureau. Thanks to overfacts is in by the way. This is more important thing. This was Miguel. We started talking about Hispanics and he came in with the story. You know. Yeah. Oh, that's right. If Miguel hears anything about Julio's man, he comes racing and because that's all he knows from. He got on the case. Yeah. Even though he was born in Chicago and he's never been in Cuba in his life or anywhere. Probably never been anywhere in Latin America. At least I've been in Caracas, baby. It's more you can say. But that's where his brain is. His brain is in Latin America. He's just a Latino kind of guy. Anyway, Oklahoma's Hispanic population is a state's fastest growing minority group. They're multiplying like cockroaches. Population estimates for 2004 released to the show. The states his fat and the Pope is very happy about it. They has Hispanic population Oklahoma grew another five percent from 2003 to 2004. There's a little more than 220,000. Asians were the second fastest growing ethnic group in Oklahoma. They three percent increase over the same period. All Asian know how to make a lot of babies. They're Asian look at the Chinese man. A billion. White, black, and American Indians all had growth rates of less than one percent. Following that, Hispanic population is a lot of different. Hispanic population grew five percent. White, black, and American Indians all had growth rates of less than one percent. American Indians made Oklahoma's largest minority group at 8.1 percent. Blacks are next at 7.7 percent. Followed by Hispanics at 4.7 percent. But the Hispanics are catching up like crazy. They're screwing their brains out. God. Well, they want to let go. You know, have another baby for Christ. That's what the Pope says. He'll pop up. They're going to take over. I was Getskees. I'm going to America. They're coming down and hands in the easy. Got their last. They're less little ballables and bangles and beads. And they're like, you know, given them the church. They've got enough money. They don't have two nickels to rub together. Two pesos to rub together. Talk about brainwashed. I would say that Hispanics are probably the most. I don't want to generalize, you know. The most brainwashed of any ethnic group on a face of year. And the Muslims. And, uh, 831 votes. We're going to get to a thousand. So I guess it's safe for me to like introduce tomorrow's full now. Yeah, safe. I don't know because I need to put a whole bunch of additional money. And I want to mean by that. In other words, you think these people need a little something to think their teeth and do? The colon impulsed from Friday. I mean, you know, throw them a bone. Yeah, okay. The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV. And then it could pull me never did that before. Okay. Yeah, it's now. Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald. Long before your time. Have you ever seen a clip of that? I did. I did. I did. In the Dallas Police Station where to get ready to train that Roswell's story channel. And the Jack Ruby waltz is right in and by a bang. I think somebody just shot me and look on his, his, uh, post. The challenge you're blows up. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Try to cut it. How many times have we seen that? How many million times? 30 million times. The OJ system trial. The OJ Bronco chase. Okay. Now those are the first four I got. I'm sure there must be thousands. You know when it comes to mind immediately the most incredible thing you've ever saw on TV. Let me think about it. Okay. Think about okay. Time's up. Five, six, seven. Five to the way plenty of pictures of George W. Bush would Jack Abramoff. That's what Tom magazine says. All kinds of untaubless photo showing up. There's more to the story than meets the eye. Okay. Oh, we don't know who that is. And a present or got nothing with him or Kenny Boylay or any of these or brownie brown. We don't know any of those people. Well, what about the planes flying into the air? There you go. That's sure you know. How do we want to put that? Plains 9, 11 attacks? Yeah, that's fine. That's kind of like covers it all. By the way, where's that plane that flew into the pentagon? Where were like the pieces of it or like anything? Where's any trace of that plane? Oh, I'm sorry. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, six, ten, and Verizon, singular, wireless line. Somebody QAM, hello. How can you? Yes sir. Hold on a second. I got a crank way up in the radio too. No, thank you. I got one for you, Paul. Okay. I turn out when you talk about the poll. Okay. Nice, nice, don't want you. Do we want to put that on there? If you want me to. Okay. When Neil or George talk about the poll. Okay. That's nice and short. We'll take two lines. Even you can figure that out. Hold this. The 9, 11 attacks. I think that's going to win because it's time line on it. The only goes back five years. Here it is five years later, by the way, or four and a half years anyway. We catch you a summer yet. No. No, in fact, we're getting more and more video tapes here. We have about that Alzoa here. We got him yet. He's coming out with videos and audio and DVDs and DVDs and all kinds of stuff. How about Alzoa? We got that one? No. Now, the goal is steam. We got. It took good care of him. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Police and nail. I have one for you, Polter. Which floor are we talking about? I'm going to go. Yeah, I'm going to go. Okay. What's that? That's the thousand election turn around. You know, that one there announced from the beginning of the war. And there was an election count. Okay. Excellent. They sure had some egg on air. They didn't realize the fix was in. And then, of course, it was, you know, one of Bush's, what was it? And if you were going to have a war on Fox, it all, well, guess what? Fox knew is it clear that Bush won Florida. He's, you know, president. Right. See, this is how apothecary Americans are. They had two election stolen in broad daylight. And what time's American idol on? Come on. Get into ball. Oh, God. You know, I don't know about you, but I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the spots. You know, Donovan McNadda's mother, the Campbell-Soup spots. You're uncomfortable about him? Yes. Meaning. Meaning that I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I'm going to stereotype there. Now, she's not this bad as Reggie White's mama. I'll agree with you on that. Oh, what? What? Are you all right here? She's, yeah, I'm just gagging. Whew. Come on, I hear her, my throat. Don't get the person down. Huh? So you know what, I'm just saying. See, God's punishing me now. Yes, he would have been. You must be the heir and he ripped Donovan's mama there, you know? Look what happened to Rush. You know, he got chunks in the throat. Peace. You might have to finish the show. No, anyway. Wow. What was I saying? You were ripped by the shit. No, I didn't think you guys, you know, every time television portrays any kind of minority, it's always that stereotype. You know, she comes across like, anti-almama honor. You don't think so little bit? No, she does. Yeah, I don't like that. I think it's her, especially, especially sensitive. It's not as sensitive as putting shaman chirp on, there's nothing worse than that. Yep. How many QAM hello? Really? The most important thing. WQAM hello. QAM. Up your eyes. Back at you. QAM hello. Hello, do you know? Yes, sir. Yeah, I got to be for your boyfriend, the most incredible thing. Yes. I remember in California those guys of the machine guns that we're shooting at the cops. Yeah. That one and the guy with the, with the, with the, with the, with the one, which one, which one we had the Patty Hurts won the SLA. No, but we're not having just a few years ago. The guys were in Kevra, Hama, and then we're just shooting up everything in the California and with machine guns and everything. Okay. And the guy with the bomber arm is next to pizza delivery guy that put the bomber arm is next. That's what pizza delivery you have. And I was that way. That was the one that Lionel Tates stole the pizza with that one and most stole the pizza. Oh, what about the, let's see the janirino. How about Amion? The alien rescue when he came in and shot him out of the house. Remember that? Yeah. And then there was the one in where the house was. And I don't call him a suit. The Oklahoma City bombing, right? Which we didn't see alive. They could have previewed and got an AD share Oklahoma City bombing. And what about the, the Colton Texas? What the, was it the janirino? What they did the, I was an I would do that and we watched it right on here when they like, Burn that thing up. Don't you remember that? I don't know. Okay. No, you don't know. We know about the world is it can find a strictly, the confines you have bedroom. 567.0560. 556 and he Verizon and SIGIT or wireless lines. W 2 A M. Hello. How are you? Haven't done any sign. Wakeo. The wakeo. How do we want to see that? Wakeo cult. No, no, no. No, you don't know what I'm talking about. I'm Colton, wakeo and it wouldn't come out David Corresh. Yes. What is wrong with you, man? I got you. You need to get out of the house once in a while. I look good. Remember that sec with your name. Natasha, your Russian and other communist by girlfriend. Jesus. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. So, Michael's in wakeo. I said that I said the wakeo cult. Is that okay? No, then that's the wakeo cult. And when they, when they burn the place when they like truly they fire bomb it. I'll just put a bomb on it. David Corresh. Okay. Have you heard? No, get it. David Corresh. Dominic, who I am, hello. Oh, good. That's fine. All right. For the TV pool. I'm going to get a Jackson at the Super Bowl. Was a big thing for many people. It was big. That's how well that big. And sure, and sure, screw us over big time. Okay. Thank you. Janet Jackson, booby flap. There was live on TV. Booby's wrists. Oh, God. Can America ever recover? No. We'll be able to get our fart sounds back. No. Our freedoms back. No. We're going to excuse anyway. So, one thing about the Nazis is they always find some good excuse. Well, we have to do it because of the national security. We have to open your mail and tap your phone and all these other things and come not going to do it three to more. And the name of national security is the war on terror and the same thing the war on pornography and smart. Because we saw booby's on TV. The good news is there wasn't one in decency find live in a level of, live eating all of 2005. How do you like that? And that's something. Wow. After all that big flap and all that big grand standing, there wasn't one fine. Oh, we're fine. But the FCC in 2005. How do you like that? But it would be better. But I hope we're going to crack down. We're going to do it. Yeah. Right. Maybe some of the O-Jump provocateurs out there were busy with other cramps. This is new. And my final video game. There's a 5.16 TV. There's a... Film all holiday. And this portion of the new Roger's is a 12 to one hour. It's brought to you by the letter 12. One two four five six have to make my privilege and 12. So life is a pizza. Oh for me. It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... Who says I come all the time. Everybody's been... It's the way God wants to defeat. Once to take a city and cover it in the streets. Re-making time. Re-making time. Re-making time. Re-making time. Because he wants to make new or lead to school. And I have to tell what people are saying. Like S.E. J.S.S. We have black people. His comments are... Show the God is fair. We can bear the most of the silverware we want to fall. Shot for me again. And I have... Yes, right now he can take... Re-making time. Re-making time. Since he wants to make new or lead to school. It's brought to you by the Catholic gather. That's why I brought the rebuild of New Orleans. The one that should be uptown. All the way, ever they all. This city will be shot. A shot with New Orleans. He may have to take the blame. For anything he says. Shot with the hands of the dead. That shot brings in some coffee and a hot one. All days. Re-making time. Re-making time. You don't can. Re-making time. Because he wants to make new or lead to school. You can't have New Orleans no other way. It would be... It just wouldn't be the same. Call 0256. The Catholic, baby. That's where I say it. It's chocolate. Not chocolate. Chocolate. Have you ever had chocolate? All the time. Okay. What do we got on this... What now which pool is this? I don't know. I'm lost. 875. We're going to wait for 2,000 days. We don't even know what that all the pool is. I finish... First of all, this business about I turned it off. I mean, I realize you're answering it to try to like respond to the pool. Which is fine. That's unusual. But they don't turn it off. I turned off when New Orleans George talked about. I never turned off. 465. 53.1%. That's the honest part of our audience. Horace racing. 95. Well, and then when... How do we talk about Horace racing? Ever? You were just talking about Thurber Ed something about how boring it is. Right. Okay. Thank you. We talked about hockey on the show. We loved the Panthers. By the way, at the least, it sounded about how well again that I've had quit gets fired. But anyway, no hockey. 92. And they will, by the way. We're living 38. Politics 30. See, you see the big drop off there from Horace racing and hockey. In other words, the rest of it... Forget about it. Religion 38. Politics 37. Movies 31. Music 29. Fag stuff. 29. No more that. Fag stuff. So we got some nice stuff. Let's talk about it. How old did it? Fag got it. Fag got it. That's what people turn it off as soon as they hit a bunch of his name. Maybe it makes them gag up a little bit. Fluter, restaurants 10. Sex 8. Gamble in 5. And the pool... Only one. At an 8. 91. 8. Whatever it is. 5. 6. I think I'm getting whatever jerk you got. I think I'll be out there for a few days. Wait, thank you. How many QAAM? Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. Hey, for your TV poll. It was back in the early 90s with pop-a-bush when we saw on CNN and those night vision goggles, the bombing of fact-dad. Your brother? Bami of Baghdad. The first one. Well, we had to put part one. And that was a special night. My friend and I were in our early 20s and we started to hit the tequila bottle and reference to the war, but exactly. And then I also want to put a shock and awe, a rack part two. Part part did. Right. I don't start with a frog stuff. Oh, geez. What are you? Oh, boy. That frog. Oh, I'm by the way, you're cold. Oh, two bad George isn't there today. He'd probably clap his hands. Well, let's go think he's out there. Because speaking of hokey, which you just were moments ago, I was channel surfing on a hockey package a couple of months ago and the Columbus game was on and it was the Ohio telecast. You know, it was the Fox News Fox Sports Columbus. Right. And a rumor wasn't doing a game and it was a horrible guy. I guess the guy that works with him, the color guy he was doing the play by play. And I thought, what the hell happened here? And then I find out a spy report that rumor got either like the flu or food poisoning, right. He started doing a game and like, like that kind of like you. No, a little bit more than me. I'm not puking it. I just had like a momentary like a little thing, you know, little thing. But no, he couldn't finish the game. So I hope he's okay. You're close personal friend of a man. Because if he's not, then he won't be able to buy George that lunch. As details poured out about the illegal and unsealing activities of Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff, White House official sought to portray the scandal as a capital hell affair with little relevance to them. Peppered for days with questions about Abramoff's visits to the White House. Press Secretary Scott McLean, a world champion, a liar said that not a twice lobbyist had attended two huge holiday receptions and a few staff level meetings that weren't worth describing further. The president doesn't know him nor does the president recall a meeting him or Colin said just like Kenny Boyle. Who that? The president's memory may soon be unhappily refreshed. Time magazine is seen five photographs of Abramoff and the president that's a level of contact between them that busheates have downplayed. While time source refused to provide the pictures for publication, they're likely to see the day of light eventually because celebrity tabloids are on the prowl for them. And that's been a fear of the Bush teams for the past several months that a picture of the president with the admitted film could become the iconic image of direct presidential involvement in a burgeoning corruption scandal like the shots have built on the White House coffees for campaign contributors in the mid-90s. The funny shots of bubble course with monitor kissing on the lips. Remember that kissing has fat pig on lips. Never? I do. Do you know what we saw eight minute times over when she had that like red beret on? You know, looking really fat in discussing in gross. Ooh, she is gross. So in that the movie ends for us to see the Big Will Winsky. That's a 560560. So if you want to read that whole story there about Abramoff and Bush, it's on our website along with all the other great stories that Josh works feverously to get on there by noon or one or two o'clock every day. If I just did joke, just relax. Why didn't you? Okay, good. You just went with it. Like Eric, you know, he, oh, yeah, it took a long time. You're at finally realizes that even though 95% of what we do say about him is true, but never less likely like very jackass, you know, which is same about me as to I'm a little navish and a jerk. But at least very knows what's going on with a radio biz. Okay, he's got his head up budg-hole, fine Bruce asked, but nevertheless, at least he got a radio, which is more than I can say for that silly old Jim Sarny. Sarny's battery's ran on his radio about 30 years ago. How many? I'm 30, man. WQAM, hello. Yeah, for your new poll. Yes. I would like to nominate Jimmy Sephalo hosting the Trump card game show. Thank you. Wow. Oh my god. That must have been one of Jimmy's buddies. You're fairie. Wow. WQAM, hello. Oh, you just don't like to do that. Yeah, sure. That voice gets deeper every day. Pretty soon it's going to be down to your toes at the voice too. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Yeah, if that's a new location. Yes. Yeah, for the new poll all about him, Rod McQueen, VB, that's Rod McQueen beating. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here, Car Rodney. Rodney King, beating. Didn't see it live, but we sure saw the shot. Osh tapes over and over again, didn't we? Rodney King, beating. What are going to be alive? I told you to be alive, my momma's poll. Step at LA riots too. LA riots would be good. We see that on TV. And not all of these did we see live. Although some of them are many of them. We did like the challenge you're blowing up. I like the Jack Ruby shoots the Harvey Oswald. Right there on live TV. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Hey, I have two for the new poll. Okay. Which is a good choice by the way. The Rodney King, beating B5 LA police officer. Okay. We just put that on yes. And the LA riots in general, I only took the guy from the rig and they were stunning them and stuff. Okay. Well, how could we forget about that? Okay. Thanks, pal. And what about the Jack Ruby shoots the Oswald? What about that challenge? Okay. The guy is calling. He's calling. He probably had the radio turned down. And he didn't hear the other guy. Maybe the other guy was psychic. Okay. The guy that's just proceeded and had those two. Just must have been either a coincidence or that working in tandem and tried to Travis crazy. Okay. What about gas light? How come that was not our list of the 85,000 best movies ever? Gas light? Yeah. Which Charles Boy and a good birdman. Now you wouldn't like it. It's an old black and white movie. And he tries to drive his wife crazy and move a little bit like that. Like George is always trying to do to me. How many QAN hello? That's why George is sick all the time. God is punishing him. Yes sir. I'm moving like this. How many QAN hello? I'm hitting on how you doing today. There must be the guy from Radio kind of calling. Yes sir. Hey, how about the real Armstrong walking on the moon? There you go. That was then. Was that shot in Arizona? Oh, yeah. I don't know. It could very well have been. And also the Columbia breaking up over Crawford Texas. That was a little bit. That was not far. Oh, either. Okay. Let's see. Neil Armstrong wants on the moon on the Takamoun. And the Columbia breaks up over Texas. Now where is the president from? Texas. You see the connexioner? Yes. I'm not suggesting that he had anything to do with it. But nevertheless, anything bad that happens. He probably had this finger in it. Columbia breaks up over Texas. I remember that. Wasn't that on Saturday morning? Sure. You don't remember all the reason I remember. I remember it was because I'm sitting there in the house and I'm watching TV. And all of a sudden they said, well, it's not going to make it. I mean, just before that, they were shown us the live shots. You know, and it was the wasn't the Japanese guy on there. And also the Israeli guy and all these guys. And then all of a sudden they were like, like they never existed. No, no. We got some bad news for you guys. It was like a little bit of a tile problem. And I'm going to be put a blue plan. You guys are all going to die. Well, they didn't say that. I think they knew it, didn't they? Yeah. They said they knew right after they fired that baby off. There was a problem when at the tile break in the was there. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Meow. Yes, sir. How about the original? I know. I know. I know. But in life, but it would definitely something overplayed. You know, I came here this morning about eight twenty five. And, you know, and as each minute it went by, I realized that George was probably out sick again because then there was nobody there and you were locked out of the room. And it just was going to be one of those days that it probably should just roll right back into the stack. No problem at all. I could suck till noon easy. I could just be crawling all the sack right now. But it's been a good idea. That would have been the right move. But unfortunately, like somebody other times in life, they're always make the right move. Come in. It's past noon a QM. We got speak of that. We got Kim Bo Kamper to this afternoon. Any interest? Oh, the bullmeister. See, Hank was him on there between two and four. And I, you know, I don't want to get involved in that. But it seems to me that when Hank has got his own issues to be dealing with, did you see the book on Friday? I did. Okay. The Humphors got his own issues to deal with. They're going to more. Don't be dillied with the other day, parts. Okay, Humphors because you just you need your own situation to get straight note. And two to four, I think, leave that to the programming experts that we have. Like, like, Greg probably is getting his two cents in about that. And Clarence, who certainly has got the expertise of a real, a seasoned radio or a journalist. But anyway, we got go for today and tomorrow's a matter of fact. I can't wait. I may come in special tomorrow to listen to the interview with Bowen, Jacques Martane, a three to Mar after noon. That ought to be really special. Which I think. Nandog for the seven to seven to seven, Curtis is seven to ten, Curtis, who ought to be doing two to four unless of course Maddox is going to do two to six. And it became ten to see was that that's just my opinion. I know that you asked. Can you just ask me that? I did. Those are the only two viable choices. Either Curtis is going to do two to four or if they can twist Maddox, Armon, I'll come pay him enough money. He does the two to six. And Curtis can do like six to eight or whatever. Two to seven or six to ten, when there's no ballgame. I see what you're saying. I'm ready to ask. 12 14 and five sixty WQA. If you ask yourself about getting a great night sleep every night, the answer is one easy call. One eight hundred mattress. I've been doing for years. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, the way your field, your well-being, your productivity. Then a good night sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight by calling down a mattress. And one eight hundred mattress. And replacing the worn out crappy, sagging old lumpy mattress. Time for a new one. Two to some day complete line of ceiling. Cirrus Simmons, King Coral. Stears in foster here with tempering pedic. All the top names in the mattress business. And dial a mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kittlestur from Palm Beach to Ford Mires. And you still get to pick the date and two hour delivery window. You want that mattress delivered. When you're going to be home when it's convenience for you. And there might be proud of that delivery record would show them on time. 99.7 percent of the time. Not perfect, but it's posted with as you humanly possible. That's why so many people, including yours truly are satisfied. Dial a mattress customers and I guarantee you how much you mighty bells life on it you will be too. So pick up that phone, start the new year off right with a great new mattress and call 1-800 mattress or log under their website and do your mattress shopping right there. Mattress.com. Dial a mattress 1-800-MATTR ESL evought the last S because it stands for Sensational Savings. This is the new Rogeris. This is 5.62 A4. And I can't about black people. That's a movie. She met her eyes and first is their vagal lips. This jolly oars her jeans been over her hips. She's got a room full of sex toys and a whiff. That is a movie. She's got a handful of all. Three of my own hair in the times or four. There's no marriage safe from ghosts to ghosts. If she meets your man, you're loved life soaps. And she'll be the makes guy, a handful of all. She'll start by kicking out her shoes. Let the wind blow over her skirt. And then all three of just can't read food. Because you want to afford to serve. She wants to learn to win her garden to fall. What you let him do you like to call? What you're free to your weekend of broth. And you're leaving a nice guy's hand, follow up. She's still alive. You won't get enough now. I know she's in all my young holy forest. You'll lose everything in your support. But when you're with her there's no remorse. And so we don't make a stand follow up. Yes. Make for you, darling. Get her down in your gift. All the way, you're like a dog. When she leaves in your life is so thin. You'll read a following in her bowl. That's the way that you'll really like. Maybe you should stay with your wife. She's like play that attract some more. And you'll read a nice guy's hand follow up. And you'll read a nice guy's hand follow up. Correct him. And you'll read a nice guy's hand follow up. Oh, what's my past noon? Wall Street Journal. May. Let's see. What's the date on this? February 27. I see May 17, 1993's letter from John Dingle represented from Michigan. He heard a John Dingle. Who's going to marry Hallie Berry? Bigel there? Right. Anyway, this is a letter he wrote to the Wall Street Journal after the wake-o shootout. He says on February 27, black uniform memory of the men of the Bureau of Alcohol to back-o-and-firearms wearing a cold-stuttle helmet and carrying German there's part of this top-top pistol attack the branch dividend compound in wake-o-tests. Years earlier in January 43, 50 years earlier, black uniform SS and men wearing scottler helmets and carrying German-made machine pistols attack the Jewish compound in Warsaw, Poland. The BATF men were searching for illegal weapons reportedly by a pay-in-formant to be in the branch dividend compound. The SS men were searching for illegal weapons reported by a pay-in-formant to be in the Warsaw ghetto. Reports from Texas indicated branch dividends kept to themselves and Harb-no one outside their compound prior to the BATF assault. History tells us the Jews kept to themselves and Harb-no one outside the Warsaw ghetto prior to the SS assault. The US broadcast news media tells us that the branch dividends practiced contemplable sexual rituals involving young children, so there were illegal religious cult. Nazi news media told the German populist that the Jews practiced contemplable sexual rituals involving children, so they were evil religion. The BATF invited the US news media to document the BATF assault to show the American public how dangerous the branch dividends are. The SS had propaganda to document it's uh, it's uh, documented to assault to show the German public how dangerous the Jews were. For BATF men were killed in 16 wounded the initial assault on the branch dividend compound. 11 SS men were killed in unrequited number wounded the initial assault on the Warsaw ghetto. After the initial assault the BATF men unanimously arranged a true search of children could be evacuated from the branch dividend compound and they could attend to their casualties. After the initial assault the SS man unanimously arranged a true search of children could be evacuated from the Warsaw ghetto compound and they could attend to their casualties. The BATF called up military units with armored vehicles to finish off the branch dividend compound after uncovering fierce resistance against the initial assault. The SS called up military units with armored vehicles to finish off the Warsaw ghetto after encountering fierce resistance against the initial assault. 50 years have passed but little has changed. Road a push go of John Digle deterred. How do you like that? Guess what else I added to the pool for tomorrow? What's that? Katrina floods the Gulf Coast. Okay. Now you're not impressed by that? Yeah, yeah, huh. Doing a heck of a job, Brownie. How could you not be impressed by that? You don't think that's one of the contenders since it happened just so fresh and her man like that. Yeah, it's so recent. Right. And here's, uh, and it wasn't just New Orleans that it put that but it was like the whole Gulf Coast. But here are cities like totally underwater and people's homes getting washed away and you're not impressed by that. You heartless bastard you girls walking around looking for the moms with mustache? Right. That's right. You can always tell which one is mama because he's got the mustache. You mean maybe you think I'm exaggerating about that? I got to see it. How could even someone is twisted his knee make up it? It wasn't just like a little bit of facial hair. We've all seen one with like a little facial hair. They, you know, they smear that knee down there to get, uh, she wasn't smear anything. She had like a mustache even or any co-bax would have been embarrassed. I just can't believe it. Okay, let's see what we got on today's pool. Okay, let's, let's take care of our, uh, dead chickens today before we start worrying about killing the ones for tomorrow. Don't forget about it. We call the birds. They got disease. And don't be a get nearer, me either. 929 votes. I turn the show off on the urge to talk about. I never turn off 496. God, do we love those people on there? Honest their loyal. There may be a little liey of their board. 53.3%. Horace racing 96 and hockey 95. There are no, is to know, is edge right right on edge. Can you believe how close that battle is? Wow. Horace racing and hockey. Two known, oh, is on this show. Battle of the known. I'm trying to find like horse racing. Oh, wait a minute. Here's the little off you park. And they're all. Oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And Horace is harder to find. I don't know it. Okay. Politics 40. You see the gigantic drop off from the two contenders. There are two contenders. All the others are just pretenders. Politics 40, religion 39. Don't be not good. Religion, you're making fun of our religious place. Yes. Now you got it. Maybe make you think a little bit about how stupid it is. All the time and energy and money you're wasting. Quit with a balloon. Okay. Innocent people are dining and you're worrying about Jesus and God and who's got the best head gear. Movie 31, music 29, fags of 29. Fags stuff like that. You like that. So they hear their word. They die for that dial. Radio stuff 25. I mean, I'll like inside. You know, do you really believe that? They let that's the thing we love the most. They do. In fact, let's do that pull on whatever day it's going to be Wednesday. Let's get two days ahead of the pool. The things that they're most interested in. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, I won't word it there. Where do you know what I'm going to do? I know what you mean. Inside the building stuff. They love it. They do like that. Especially when I hear that greatness on the payroll for like a lot more years that he's sucking money on the business and after all these unbelievable stuff. And he's, I might just document all those things when we come back here to the break. And especially. Do do do do do do. But I wouldn't say that was even a worst one. I mean, right after the Janet Jackson thing when the FCC starts clamping down and he puts for well on the air to say, all these, uh, my, I couldn't believe it. Nice timing, Greg. And then they say, if that wasn't bad enough, then we'd be asturdaboccal. Anyway, more Howard David is 18. They hear that name and they immediately like, Do do do do do do do. Yeah, I think that's just the force I have it. Food and rest runs 11, sex nine, the pool, six and gambling, only five. They like gambling. By the way, I'll see a pomp and a park at noon today for the, uh, poker room. I'll be there by the half an hour ago. The M.O. coast continues to be Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet is ready to rise again. Restaurant review. And now every Friday through Sunday night, you can enjoy lobster feast, featuring main lobster served thermator style. And every night at the O.M.O. coast is crab fest, where last in snow crab, like a dungeon is crab and a stone crab. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 count of about 30 men. Different items. The M.O. coast also serves juicy, succulent New York sticks, roaches the way you like him and handcar prime rib too. And on the weekends for dessert, free room for the M.O. coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can hand if your own strawberries, marshmallows, you can stick all kinds of that can treats in there and they won't say a word. And no forget the M.O. coast for those healthy living cooking, all their fine cuisine with only the best ingredients. Calustrial, free canola, all no MSG, no cornstarch, no crab. No headaches when you walk out of the M.O. coast. Just a big fat satisfied public in a smile on your posts. Book your reservation to one Mermokost relocations, you'll find them in sunrise, Sonny Al's Beach and Pepper Pines for the M.O. coast, 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2. This is New Roger. This is 5 16 2 8. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. The M.O. coast is the most beautiful place in the world. Welcome to our love for the attention. What a merry-gnarly adventure. We don't need another journey. You're play. So tell us your touch about our hope. We'll be your more singing talent. That's a good opportunity. How about you? I found an apple the man again. I know. What's it again? I'm talking to a side-off. I want to marry a guy that's ain't there well. Can't stomach any more, something can't work. Welcome to our love for the attention. It's a long time for the attention. We're moving away, I'm hungry, go away. I'm hungry, go away. I'm hungry, go away. I'm hungry, go away. I'm hungry, go away. I'm hungry, go away. We're going to be 23, 27, 11. We've got both of us who are supposed to be on between 24 and 24 and 24 at the two o'clock. Anyway, I looked on the little Google on here. Yeah. Great TV moments. And it was the first thing that popped up. I've got a lot of things to do with the 100 greatest TV moments. A lot of these are like, I'm a silly ass stuff. Oh, for those national. Oh, boy, are two pressed by that. Things like that. Or things that happen on the aisle of Lucy show or the honeymoon. That's not what we're talking about. Yeah. The most incredible thing you ever see on TV. So here's what I added. The JFK assassination in funeral. Watergate hearings. Clinton impeachment hearings. Francis died death in funeral. In harmony votes that's going to get. And Bobby rigs against Billy Jean King. Remember that? No. Before your time. Yeah. Which member that one we had? Him playing Billy Jean King. And she just beat the start out of them too. Oh, yeah. Don't remember? Of course, I see at the time they said it was like a guy playing tennis against a woman. But little today realized. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, as Fick and a general. We're on the Verizon singular where I was lying. What is the exact question by the way? Because I'm going to put that. Or the most, just the most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV. You're going to put one. I get it right. But you mean you're going to get it right? Well, I'm factoring this to Eric. Why didn't you ever mind? I was going to type the two on the PS me. What the exact question? And I was going to say, oh, so there's that. I don't have to face this to him? No. Okay. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Okay. For the poll, when you like, when you feel like it's a holiday and you play those, I get spoke a bit relentlessly. I do now. You lost me. Oh, and all on all the shows? Yeah, like, like, you think it's like a holiday and no one plays. Well, the way me, I think it's like a holiday. We only do what it is, holiday. Well, I'm working on some of these holidays and I'm driving around. Also, I'm so on my road, wouldn't be playing those vests. There you go. Okay. Thanks, Brian. So all of the days, are how are you going to put that? That's for today's pool, by the way, not for the one. I'll tell you one thing. What we're going to do is we're no fools on it. Sure. We're going to have you folks show confusion when I want what planet you're on. You know, whether it's Earth or Uranus. We're going to be doing like 17 pools all at the same time. Even we don't. Even we won't know what they'll want you talking about. Okay. Well, here's the one for number four pool for today. Yeah. And you also might want to put it on number seven. It might fit our bottom. 9.56 on the numbers on that pool. We're going to have like a thousand plus by the top of the R. Aren't we? Yes, we are. Of course we started this about 10 o'clock last night. I switched over. It's okay. Well, it was okay. We got a hit star because I don't want to leave that movie thing on there forever. Because I saw we're not going to get our 3000. I think 2300 and some of that's our limit. That's all we got. W2AM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. How about that? That was a speed chase. That was pretty pretty incredible. No, which one? You mean the Bronco chase? The Bronco chase. We got it. Alright, buddy. Thanks, fellas. Got it. You want to see what we leave OJ off of their doing? No, no way. For OJ. The Bronco chase and we got the OJ trial and the OJ verdict. And the now you got all the ones that I have read off here. No, how are we going to know that you got them? Yeah, how do you know? Are we going to read them off? I'll read them off. Okay. I don't want to embarrass you. The Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald live on TV. No, I saw these other ones weren't live. Some of them were. Challenger blows up. Like Regan said, is that the one with the school teacher? Yeah, yeah, Ronnie. Now go back and put some more to the two polish and you're here and get out of here. Take a nap. OJ Simpson trial. OJ Bronco chase. 9 11 attacks. You got these now? I got them off. 2000 lesson count. Count the vote. I got to put it. Ali on rescue. Oh, I was in Amsterdam. That was also on Saturday morning. That was, that was just incredible. They came rushing in there and there was the fisherman in a closet. Boy, I bet that was the first time we was in there. Oklahoma City bombing. Wake O shoot out. Janet Jackson, Booby flat. Bombing a bag dead part one and of course is the first call for. And shock and awe Iraq part two. Rodney King beating the LA riots. Which ones? Neil Armstrong walks on the moon. The Columbia Bridge simple protects us. You got these all? I got them all man. Katrina floods the Gulf Coast. JFK assassination funeral. Watergate hearings. Clinton impeachment hearings. Princess died death and fell. Oh, but after the JFK assassination. I don't know. Watergate hearings. So you haven't taken action. So I don't kill extra like 10 minutes if I run. Real slow. Watergate. I got it. Clinton impeachment hearings. Got it. Yeah. That was after he was kissing Monica during that. Where she had the boy on. He did not have sexual relations relations. Relations with that woman. Miss Lominski. In fact, what he probably should have said. Can you imagine anybody doing her? That would have been good. That would probably sold it a little bit better. There was that his nose kept growing. All the Renette to think. Remember when he took his deposition and his nose was growing like Pinocchio? Come on. We love Bobo. Okay. So he did look around a little bit. Who cares? When you're ready to a bitch like Hillary. Why don't I hold not? Princess died death slash funeral. Got it. Yeah. You do? Not. I do. And Bobby Riggs versus Billy Jean King. You know, has spelled Billy B.I.I.L.O.I.E. As in a guy, you know, well, how's the guy spelled that? Eisen as in a lady. It's a lady. Kind of. Bobby Riggs versus that big bull-like Billy Jean King, Mary-Yero. And let's keep growing. I like this one, which I like this poll. This is good. It is fine. And of course, it opens up the avenue for 50,000 silly things to be called in. Dominic, who I am, hello? Who I am? Who I am? Who I am, hello? Who I am? Who I am? Who I am? Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. Oh, yeah. I got one for your poll. It's the, when the value's at crash down here in Miami, or down in Florida? Sure. Okay. And never, never tries to play. It's got a clown on the side, man. Well, I never do. And I want more. When I get a junior at missing in the ocean. Right. Okay. And I have a comment about your, about the best of meal. When is that going to be hit in the streets of this? Well, you're asking a wrong guy and that. When's that going to be hit in the streets, guys? Oh, well, let's get no sir. Still very soon. Very soon. Okay. Thank you. What do you mean, advanced warning? Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Now, what were the two, he said, JFK junior plane crash? Right. And another. Palane crash. What was that? I don't know. I remember the JFK junior. You said something to do with the clown. That my, oh, the value, J. Remember the time crash in the Everglades. They could move and find the dance. And you have a book right down the Everglades. So the value, J. crashing Florida and the JFK junior, which, you know, with all the respect, I mean, it's a tragedy when anybody dies needlessly, but in his particular case, 20 to 1 a Q.A.M. This is meal runners. This is five 16. A. Dying on the head. Jayey And I, jet kinder. From the offensive, divorced son of John John Pauling today. Are you yourselves a big bash for a stream? Yes. But you think we're looking clear and there, like, JFK, would've been aframes player. Well, if they overtake, This day I say that for a fight we will go A fiber belt that she thinks is crappy playing that blow A bow that defying heads of a female Now let me only wonder when the lives you take From what they call again on the beaters If daughter, she killed Gammie, was a life she said A tear up that's only gonna get worse When the truth will sound like I'm just a holly thing But it's like a sweater Who is this? The gun got gone in the lead But it's like a sweater's sweater So 46 and 56, I talk about much it about nothing Like I said it's tragic anybody dies in the arriariada But in his case He was like somebody once said must he do about nothing And under a cheever, you know? And I still think he was going to ask this kid I don't think he even had little JFK in him New mad cow case found in Alberta Watch out for that Canadian meat Now they tell me Canada's newest case of mad cow disease was found in a city world animal from central Alberta Oh man, they're all going over there The Canadian food inspection agency confirmed today But talk of brand evidence was quick to reassure Canadians That no parts from the cross breed cow ever entered the human food or animal feed chain Watch out for that food chain Our mind left us eyes again and that the entire carcasses Been contained by the CFI and the CFI and did not enter the food or feed system evidence He said the cow showed progressive symptoms of Both lines spongy for warmer and cephalopathy or BSC and was destroyed after its owner called a veterinarian The carcass was sent to a live in Whitupag protesting good place for it What an Alberta crowd Talk about a bunch of soya's cowboys 567.0560 pound five six in the arriariada and singular wildest time We got our thousand boats yet on today's pool or what? 9 93 Very simple Very any did not tell you before the top of the hour You did now who's this bozo there besides bush 800 soldiers from nearby Fort Riley also invited guests Once the president begins to speak we expect him to make some comments on the war on terror Oh great the war on terror. That's right all about the war on terror Safety safety safety. That's right. Look at that bozo when you think about the war on terror And you take holy crap out of all we still alive. Don't forget it's not the war on terror It's not the herbs and juice. It's the bushes and it's been lives man. They got some family business to take care of And we're just kind of like caught in a crossfire WKOM hello Hi on yeah, yeah Can I do one here? Yes, I'm the calm barring incident. I thought they just over did that much You thought they over did Well, I'm not just sure to too much that You know giving other people ideas. I don't know. I see what you're saying. Taliban shootings are certainly deserves to be on air, but yeah, I see what she's saying Like you know, monkey sea monkey do and these little kids will I'm being picked on so I better go to school Not a bunch of people. You know, of course they did, but how could we left off the Columbine shooting Especially anybody that's not boring for Columbine which we did a foot Columbine massacre I'm still aggravated about that thing that Hank was sucking on you know who that bitch was that the brock-a-livered the Michael Moore I don't care how good she looks who the hell is this bitch this slut to be picked on our Michael Moore, okay, one of America's ballsy great heroes that's got the balls to say things that other people don't dare because they're gonna be sent off to camp And a Benson I have no idea who that is. I know who Harry Benson was And Dave Benson I went to school with but Anna Benson who she married to Chris Benson Pick your own that who the meds probably took showers with my Piazza who WQA and hello hi, how you doing okay, how can we forget Catherine Harris sort of fine dumbass selection Yeah, but do we already have the 2000 what we have election. I think we got something When I saw that I was speaking of planes. Did you hear about her plane? See you in the out. Take care. Hi. You hear about her plane Catherine Harris said the plane in Spain Falls mainly in Bangor main that's what she said So if her plane ever does crash I'd stay away from me 567.0560 what about Terry and hers you what about that? You don't think that deserves to be on there. Yeah, does I mean you talk about milking something you know where was incredible all right because it went on and on and the Congress raised back in a president raised back from vacation and the old one's screwing back to Washington and they had a pass that bill you know is incredible for a lot of people but somehow I never really cared no and I could care less either because with none of our business just like Ali on was none of our business A private family matter but when the media decides that a private family matter is something they can exploit and make a hate from like the chicken a rubber for granted. It's a missing person's case The same with his guy in that cruise ship. It's a missing poisons case But the media tells us oh you got to be all whipped up to her frenzy about this Tell me the quit screaming. Oh, I feel like I forgot to tell you what you forgot some remember I mentioned something about going to give you driver license we knew that online. Yes, I did again Well, what do you mean you went you just what I'm on? Yeah, yeah, you know the state of Florida for any of you people out there that are wonder first of all They find a guy where they're that hose test. You know what is to stick that hose up your cars Rectom tailpipe What are that you know you don't remember the vehicle admission testing never did that to my vehicle I'm here you know, I'm just worn out. I realize you're like punk But it isn't that many years that they haven't done it no more. Well, I'm just saying that never done it to my car But you never heard of it. I've heard of it, but what we used to have to go and was a scam And all of these guys I guess they had some kind of work to do you know we said so in baseballs and so they had like a whole bunch of Haitian guys Then around it with stick this long chew up your tailpipe And you'd have to pass you to have a rlc and have to go and get like a tune up or whatever else and come back and I forget how much I used to cost was just a scam Of course it was but like in other states they had like real inspection, but a Florida. Oh, we don't want to be bothered with that So that's why you got all these jelopis out there on a highway with bald tires and no breaks and all the stuff and the same with the driver licenses It's a really good combination designed for death Death and destruction in a highway the double these just like your president there Double Dean or the lack of yeah, there you go lack of a yeah Double these dumb and dangerous moon this case death and destruction would be a cars and now if you guys you could be like my mother the last time she got her driver's license We knew she would 90 years old and she got a six year renewal in the mail No eye test no come down and let us see if you still alive if you still have all your limbs if you're like Rational and you know, let me hold up my middle finger see if you can see it nothing Send us the 15 bucks ever we knew your license for whatever six years whatever it is. Yeah, I mean that's how I do it. I'm in my picture. I'm like 15. Yeah, my picture I'm I said it one thing if I was as young as I'm my picture man. I have about 75 years left Well, I mean what is that? Only the Florida effinway man with your fat ass Florida governor everything. It's not slow. It's not fast. It's half ass. That's the Florida effinway Oh, but we don't want to be wild about it. But inspection the lesser real nuisance. Yeah, right God forbid that anybody should like do anything that makes any sense in Florida because people would be alarmed and shocked it just wouldn't fit in right People would think they woke up when they got lost WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. How are you doing today? I ride I got a couple for your polly. Okay, I got the Pennsylvania miracle minor Rescue that was a great one and I have the dolphins perfect season Okay, those are great years. You got a man. Thank you sir. Hey, welcome All I'll see dolphins at so football. We can talk a little football not too much sports though How come we don't put that on a pool when you were George talk about sports? I guess they wouldn't be George. Huh? How about sports for it? It's pool. Okay Well, we got hockey on there, but then again, these people think that's just you know, it's soccer which sticks or something like that Well, we're gonna have horse racing and hockey about 100 votes of peace. Are you impressed or what is that exciting or what or what? Out of a thousand nineteen we tapped that thousand mark I turn to show off a neolor George talk about I never turn off 539 50s feet percent all right horse racing and hockey a hundred of peace In fact, that's the average age of people to go to horse racing is a hundred and hockey that's how many hockey fans we got and stuff Florida is about a hundred politics 44 and by the way, let me stay it again Alan Cohen and all the other people with the organization you can keep making up all the attendance numbers you want But I'm gonna tend to write now if you don't we sign only joking in in that case Roberto Longo ain't gonna sign it all I ain't want to go on a state of and you're gonna lose both of men. That's all you got that's all you got Oh, there you go to that hockey again. How much is it? Why are you pardon? I said those are the only two Panthers. I know who's that old you can and then Roberto Longo You know no job a jade ball Mr. Oh, I don't know Stephen vice. Oh, yeah, Nathan Horton How about Tim Horton and his donuts you know Tim Horton? Hockey a hundred a politics 44 religion 42 movie 33 Fag stuff 33 all us bush guys out here. We don't want to hear all that factory all that body wash crap You want to see all the flavors of body wash I got now even got to make me a little bit more manly. I got a devious Yeah, old spice. I won't touch it with your hand. I wouldn't touch it. It's very slimy What old spice yes Are you got old spice? No, I said it's very slimy. I don't have you know them if you haven't to it or what he know but Old spices are slimy man. Well, how do you know if you don't if you didn't get it because when you told me to try body wash That was the first one I tried. Oh, I see sorry I'm using 32 more Howard David. It's got 3rd man. I think was about his audience and those last two trends with a 1.1 that was Disgraceful radio stuff 29 food and restaurants 12 69 a fully all bit days five. We don't want to hear that We want to hear a verbal intercourse gambling five and sport so far has got the big oh What it's got by the way, as far as the big open to the floor This is Neil Roger This is five 62 We Without a Scott morale and when I'm up in Boca Tegas, laughing all women would paint it lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers one or two I mean I listen to the new Rogers parents. I want to do our more The hard stuff in action continues with a new season of 24 of Fox We're in a game C2 agent check-bauer is called back to action Thank you Power is No, I'm group of terrorists are planning to assess and hate the president by launching a nuclear warhead into Washington DC while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's faces Yeah, if there anyone else you guys can call change the world I mean, I've been doing enough my wife's from murder my daughter's been calling a bear trap My girlfriend waved and my entire body's been people in an inch of a life there's more bad news Now what if their cousin's best friends college roommate was kidnapped by the terrorists 24 is Back on So there be a double agent involved. Yes. How about shadowing tracking the body We're throw to call violation How about mortally wounded touch whisper cryptic information before losing consciousness Of course, what can you link it for that annoying thing to lock no It's 24 with the annoying clock Monday's on Fox. Have you ever seen that show? No, I haven't either. Thank God 101 and 56 you've ever to QAM My mind I knew that at times people would say yeah I'll book our rap mark prison Miller writes in the school why won't the media touch my book? Bush, Kenny stole every election in 2004. They stole a not just in Ohio, but all throughout the USA from coast to coast They stole a not fighting any single club a tourist stealthy combination of computerized votes of bureaucratic monkey business systematic shortages of viable equipment and old fashioned dirty tricks including rampant bullying this information and obstructionism Such file play was not apparent on both sides in the 2004 election but was committed mainly by the Bush Republicans The evidence is both a bum and precise and it's all here in the book fooled again The second-highest of the White House is one of the great untold stories of our time even though it was largely carried out in plain sight Miller performs a simple but increasingly rare act of journalism and gathers a mountain of overwhelming evidence from publicly available material This is no conspiracy theorists theory sticks for them together from anonymous sources Strained inferences and darkening window, but a solid case based on official records swore testimony I wouldn't as account as news reports and the Bush people don't words Those words were published in excellent review of fooled again. They'll come out tomorrow and Moscow and same Petersburg Also tomorrow number of websites that'll be posting review of fooled again by Paul Craig Roberts who was assistant treasury secretary on the Ronald Reagan a genuine conservative Robertson's unafraid to read the evidence and face reality Miller describes considerably more election fraud than voting machines programmed accounting proportion of carry votes as Bush votes voted for disenfranchised in number of ways Miller reports incidences of intimidation of the re-end Reduced voting opportunities for poorer voters who then devote democratic The outcome of the 2004 presidential election is always struck me a strange although period was a poor candidate in the Vainadeviche most on the public's mind by November of 2004 majority of Americans were where that Bush had led a country to a gratuitous war on the basis either of incompetence or deception By November of 2004 was completely clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons and mass destruction and Bush had rushed to war That part of the story we had another one on Friday Roberts to form associated at the Wall Street Journal and former contributing at Irfan National Review Includes with a warning that's a founding fathers would appreciate Miller directs our attention to Bush's high-end treatment of dissenters if electronic voting machines programmed by private Republican firms remain in our future The send will become pointless until a unless it boils over into revolution power mad Republicans need to consider the result when democracy loses its legitimacy and only the rich of anything to lose Despite its wealth of evidence meticulously documented in 57 pages of detailed end notes and Despite the standing of its author Miller is an NYU professor with a solid global reputation Pooled again has been pointedly ignored by the national media. There have been no national reviews of fool again No network or cable TV show would have the author run to talk about the book and PR as refused to have mine Even shows that Miller's appeared on in the past and more than once like the connection on the media talk of the nation have refused to lie to mind to talk about this book Only one daily newspaper the Sun Sentinel is published a review WHY why the NTR affiliate in Philadelphia recently refused to broadcast paid ads for the book offering several dick a different Unlike the explanations a side from C. Span, Ermer, or can't Pacifica no national media would have the author Undead tell his fellow citizens about his findings Those few reviews afford again to have appeared were mostly positive publishers weekly Curcus reviews library journal the Sun Sentinel, Chicago reader the Baltimore Chronicle other publications of all stress the books Importance and the sound misoved evidence fool again is certainly the only book in history to be highly praised by both a Christian century and hustle magazine In short, the media would seem to have varied fool again not because of any weakness in a book itself, but for political reasons above all Right now the very soul of our democracy is at unprecedented risk the president is openly Contentuous of the very system that the founding fathers put in place He seems to rule a regardless of what Congress and the people want does all he can to silence the free press has recklessly subjected Medias of Americans to government surveillance and demands the right to bomb and torture other people's as the spirit moves him And all of this goes on with little protests from the Democratic Party Which now behave not like the patriotic opposition the Murray is a bunch of bice day and is afraid to speak out loud and clear against the Bush administrations on American activities At this moment it is crucial that we openly discussed the likelihood that Disemministration was not the only we elected in 2004 anywhere then was properly elected in 2000 That national debate must take place now so that the people understand that democracy's been subverted and even more important So we can talk to be a begin to talk about electoral reform in these United States as soon as possible The crucial Democratic conversation won't take place until the scandal of the last election finally resonates and that's what impaled Mark Christian Miller to write fool again This fellow citizens deserve no less than to be told what's in this deeply edifying book you got to go on get it now Fool again. I'm gonna go on get today do it fool again. Take it fool How's that go? Only once shame on them and get fool again Take it fool again. Can't send nobody then I broke our right hand can beat again can't get electrocuted again So all these things A lot of the You're about to tell that joke there. Yeah, fool me once Look at that phone baby. I think Christian Mark Christian Miller just put the middle of a comment. They don't care about that stuff They went here about horse racing and hockey baby Three horse and a fourth race. Pundit your guts out plug your lungs Stick right up there send it in man 149 votes on today's pool not to be confused a little for Friday. I mean next Friday I turn this you're off when Neil or George talk about I never turned off 553 52 points. How about when Neil reads? Dad That at that huh how about that that I'm there all right. Why what do you mean do I want it on or why why would I say it if I don't want a who did? No, for this pool Mo But when I want that on there. I want honest answer. I'll allow these people a lot 52 and a half percent never returned off out of a thousand sixty two fifty whatever it is Talking one oh two horse racing 100 up that old for the ages those two neck and neck nose to know is just like All of our in a firm. Oh, sorry politics 45 religion 44 five stuff 34 movie 33 Mohour David in this and music or type 32 please how about Mohour David in Singham music Radio stuff 29 food and restaurants 14 all bit days 10 sex nine the pool eight gambling six and sports Solimental you know so a sports show to make cards and Fetties put the stories and makes sense no no not the stories I mean Neular draw what what do you want to say Neil reads bedtime stories and that doesn't make sense? I Turn this your off on your George talk about Just Neil's bedtime stories. Oh, no, no get it. Okay? Look don't start striving for perfection. Don't you know where you work now? I'm going to be right on the door there that great put up strive for mediocrity and Hey, by the way nice to work there Greg. May you really did it mister? I love there Humphrey dump the promotions fantastic Well, I'm not too satisfied and I'm intrigued by this idea and I'm intrigued by telling very jackass that yeah What a guy? W.A. M. Hello Dale yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? I caught that imaginary here. We'll be recommended and I I don't think I give it a second What's up with that? I like this. I haven't been pretty good. Yeah, I agree. Okay. Um, I had a question. So when the little kid Just what the neighbor that it was that is half-brothers? Yeah, kind of he wasn't aware that though, yeah Yeah, oh You know something I never thought about that for your right Okay, I wonder if you're gonna blow his brains up now He hasn't thought about that yet, but when he does I got a little recommendation for you is called second half lion Okay, I wrote a bit never heard of a second and a lion second hand lion Robert the ball Michael Kane really check it out. Yeah, okay. We'll do Did you see sleepers You didn't like that Yeah, this guy's a difficult you know By the way, speaking of George's movie. I don't know. This is the first time ever. He's probably good that he's sick today I mean, not you know not to wait that sounds what he deserves what do you mean? No, because Amazon.com I've never had probably been delivery stuff in this untimely way But the order went in on the tent to January and it was supposed to be delivered between January 17 and 19 and you're probably not checking a mail. They see if George is stuff showed up But I'm sure it's not because it just is in transit You know in that little bit slow Yeah, a little bit from the tent to January today's the 23rd Amazon.com It's not that it was backwards or something because it was it was shipped out. It would But for some strange reason the potty must be going real slow Probably because the price of stamps is so it's a divargin now How many Q a m hello? Neil yes sir. I got one for the poll. Okay When president regular was shot right there. You go Ronnie Reagan John. He clearly think they're sending him He clearly have to see funny movies on a weekends now That's great bedtime for Bonzo. Yeah, and that unbelievable there's letting him turn him loose Oh, he can provide so much to me Okay, thanks a lot of talent. Oh Reagan get shot. You got it got it When we try to jump ready by the way still ain't doing all that great. He's not having a great life But John, he's well. He was misunderstood. He never sold a freight train. He uh whatever, you know This business with a justice system that coddles people how many people do you think are dead today Because we got a horseball justice system that takes slime balls and puts them back out on the streets Of course, we got to make room for all them drug dealers, you know Speaking of that, how come we never heard any follow up on the police chief chief timidie How come we never heard no follow up on his son in the 80 trillion pounds of potty we started a pedal because he probably got off Well, we don't want to get in with that No, no seriously what what is that? How come here's a scandal if there ever was one the chief of police Have a major crime with an American city and It was I really figured what the number was you haven't any idea how much it was it was like many so we're huh pounds 400 even fat boy doesn't wait that much close, but um and it's matter of fact in vision right now if you will Fat boy filled with marriage with me From head to toe George and probably light him on fire. Oh What a thought okay, you imagine it? 400 pounds of pot. We're not talking about a couple of ounces. We're not talking about even a pound A couple of pin joints. We're talking about 400 pounds And we never heard another word about it Did you we did I miss Amy now that was it Sweet for another carpet just like everything else 113 that five 60 W QM if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid if you're new years Resolution is to get yourself a life and a high pain career that'll make that possible for you Act now Take up the phone and call fast train at eight six fast train They'll get you trained ready for a new high pain career just a few short months that's correct You can get a new high pain career in just a few short months out of your life The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is an all-time high and fast train offers convenient They even a weekend classes for you. They offer your job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify to so pick up that phone and change your life Get out of that dead end job. Take your got boss to shove it call eight six six fast train They placed over 100 people like you in 2005 check fast train on the web at fast train.com But you better do it now because classes are filling up really fast Don't miss out on that trade of opportunity this year make your new years resolution reality for once and for all and get yourself a life and a big fat paycheck That goes along with a call one eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them don't forget Todd's rectored to call This is meal This is The Many of you are my life, I can't have a space. As for all time, I can't go with hell to do. Of the wishy of her to you, mention you. I've had enough for you, Mr. Guy. Not you, just ask those old lie, I lie. You've asked us to leave, but we're dead. You know, you're the same, I know. You're the same, I know, my life is again. I have my kids back, you've torn a car, and I drove my town. I've pulled through my aura, piss, and we out my desk. That is if I only had a door at this door, it does. I swear, a couple of people called upon me, said watch the softest of a family. Let's go. I want those great, plainly, the bird's helpless way to me. When he got pined down for a day he needed to. I know, you're the same, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I have name in, let you support whole-quay, a three-point unless a baby. I have this one. I want to have some bad news for you Blackberry folks out there, which I'm sure you don't have one. No, but you do. I do. These Supreme Court today turned out a request review of Major Petty and Prigman running against the maker of the Blackberry email device. In my comment that is... Oh my God! Of course this isn't the USA! It moved takes away yet another barrier between BlackViruses and Service Interruptions that more than 4 million BlackViruses. Research and Motion, RIM had petitioned the Supreme Court to review a Federal Appeal Score ruling that could lead to a shutout of most US BlackViruses in service That's in the USA! The legal issue confronting RIM goes back five years. In 2001, NTP, a parent holding patent holding company File the suit against RIM claiming that BlackViruses in his patents. In 2002, a jury found in favor of NTP awarded the company 23.1 million damages. In 2003, a district who had increased the damages to 210 million and issued an injunction against RIM, that injunction was stayed high ever, pending a PLN and a Pills Court sided with a district court. In 2005, RIM and NTP reached a tentative $450 million settlement of the deal fell apart. RIM wants the lower court to enforce the agreement. The Supreme Court's decision not to review the case doesn't vote well for RIM, according to Ken Weitzman, a partner legal firm, Shadborne and Park in New York. If the Supreme Court had heard the case, and decided there was a legal basis for overturning the appeals court's judgment, it could have prevented a possible injunction. NTP is scheduled to file a request for an injunction with the US District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on February 1. Although the District Court judge will rule that request hasn't set a time table on my perspective decision. So, will likely be an injunction. The question is, what the scope of the injunction will be Weitzman said. An injunction imputes force RIM to shut down the blackboard system, potentially affecting most of RIMs, approximately 4.3 million subscriber account base. NTP has said that an injunction would not affect blackboard products used by US federal state or local governments. I think like that. So, if it's the government, then they can do whatever it only one. But if it's the rest of us Pions, we use that thing religiously, day in and day out, screw you guys. How do you like that? You just have to get yourself a better one. Well, what would that be? There's stuff out there better than that. Like what? Well, you don't even have a camera, right? I don't want a camera. What's the law? I want a camera for them. Some kind of a lawyer who wants a camera. I'm just saying I could, you know, come and you. Yeah. If I had a camera, I could like shoot you some pictures of a studio here. There you go, see? And even throwing an occasional picture of mine. That's dope. Yeah, whatever. We're all mop on the website. There you go. Well, I want to get one of those phone camera phones with the emailing. You can get everything. You got with the blackberry. You do the SNS, the instant messaging. Sure. So what's all the way do you buy a blackberry for? That's what I'm saying. Well, we'll see. Hey, watch it. Send it on down here. Ha ha ha ha. Send it on down there for one. And what are you going to do with it when they cut off the service? No. Even as a souvenir. Take my right. There you go. Just keep looking at it. 5670560. Oh, here's a good story. Talk about American trailer trash, boy. There is so much trailer trash. Oh, brother. Woman jailed for leaving kids to go see Jerry Springer. Now, classy move. I'm sorry. What was that? Woman jailed for leaving her kids to go see Jerry Springer. Well, you got to get your priorities, right, man? We know Illinois. A woman got a 30 day. About 30, man. Jail sins for leaving her three young children home alone for several hours. While she and her boyfriend intended a video taping of the Jerry Springer show. Shannon Cook, 25, played a guilty earlier this week to Mr. Meander Child and Benjamin. She was also placed on probation for a year. It was in appropriate sentence given what she did said to page County assistant States attorney Joseph Rujiro, Rogers and Italian Rujiro, aren't you impressed? The two girls in one boy all under the age of four have been placed in foster homies by the Illinois Department of the DCF. Police said, cook left the children loan and they said, this is a bourbon home October 19. While she and her boyfriend went to Chicago for the taping of about five hours later, the two oldest knocked on the door of a neighbor who called the police. Cook was arrested when she returned home after midnight. Remember that song after midnight? Well, it was after midnight when they got home. According to a police report, she said, I didn't think I'd be gone at law. Oh, my God. First sterilization, the two words, the only two words that can save the human race. First sterilization, there's nothing proof of it, by the way. They were called in action. Yeah, there you go. Maybe they were called in action to go see the jury's spring or show me the Lord said I'm a message. Maybe call him on the bat phone and send to the bat room. So, you know, jury's spring is one of those things. If you watch it once, it's very amusing and it's, you know, you realize what it is and that's fine. I would agree. I would say anybody who watches a second time, okay? Get the butterfly in that. In 1991 votes, I turned this show off when Neil or George talk about. Or how about soap opera? Not George, but I occasionally make a reference passion's guiding like something like that. All of these things. By the way, when a house co-op and why have they taken Wednesdays and turned into a like, turn it off day on guiding like lunatics? You still watching that passion's thing? Yeah, I record them both every day, but I find myself once a week out watching passions because you don't have to watch it every day because nothing ever happens. I think a Alistair still alive. That was good though when a guy called in Luis Lopez that's your old, I was good for the best, the most important death of last year. I've turned his show off when Neil or George talk about. I never turned off 570 out of 1,095,222.2%. That's that loyal audience. Thank God for them. If we're only clone them. Talkie 103, horse racing 101, you ever take hockey 103? Then you know who Tim Horton was. And Johnny Bauer and Papa Bauer. Politics 49, I religion 45, 5 stuff 38, enough of the factory already, okay? Movie 34, more Howard dividend into 32. Music 32, radio stuff, fuck 10 man. All bit days 15. All of bits all the time. They want to hear their voices. They want to hear those stupid ass bits. Food and restaurants 14, 69, who don't want to hear about that. The pool ate, gambling in a six, Neil's bedtime story street, and sports, Solomon T. Trace. This is Neil Rogers. This is everybody who's kind of cool coming by the way. I'm American Idol, Extreme Edition. I am the executioner. Yeah, it's day my life. I am very, very humane about it. I'm not a man right there. I think she's horrible. I'm American Idol, Extreme Edition. That is quite me deserving. I'm not a watch that one. You say, blow away the band singers at the end of the show. Did you write that? Yeah, that would be good. Like, what do you want? Hey, Billy. 131, a QM, a new program. The speed travelers to airports security may require passengers to agree to a check of their personal and financial records. The TSA said, a redress or a background check that may involve using commercial data for people to find their registered traveler program and search in June. The checks will have verify people's identity and they've used to prove they got no ties to terrorism. Commercial databases hold personal information from credit reports. Property records, shopping, and so on. TSA's keep all they said said that it can be useful in flagging terrorists to often load a peer amongst the US commercial list. Business travel coalition chairman Kevin Mitchell said the databases are notoriously inaccurate and could mistakenly label somebody a terrorist. It raises a huge liability issue said in a short mental who supports registered traveler. The program will create reserve lanes for people who pass the background check and pay an annual fee. It's expected to be 80 to 100 bucks. Security requirements such as removing jackets and shoes will be lifted as the approved past years go through metal detectors. They just fly right on through. Bill Conner's executive director of the National Business Travel Association said, some travelers are concerned. If you start asking for too much personal information, it's not worth it to me any more said Conner's another supporter of registered traveler. Conner's bar that TSA from using commercial data online past years. And for government criticized the agency last year for improperly storing 100 million records on travelers when it said that no data storage would occur. They lied, you know. They lied. Speaking of liars. The country. The TSA says the band doesn't apply to register travel because the program is voluntary and the background checks to be done by companies at an airport. It will be the company that determines whether applicants pose a terrorist threat. TSA spokeswoman Amy von Walters said, Oh, Von Walters. Sounds like a chairman named Donut. Like Eva von Brown. Eric von, whatever he's brown. Nine. Ten. The TSA would approve background check for Ram's holiday. The TSA chief said a background check must give a high-do-be a confidence in individuals not a terrorist using commercial data as one avenue hall he said. Now the one is like a second avenue down there by the train tracks. A company running the only registered traveler program at Orlando International Airport. Recently experimented with giving applicants quizzes generated by commercial data. It was often authenticated. There are identity. However, the quizzes asked questions that we do to difficult such as what you're is it. Such as the year somebody received their social security number or so easy that the terrorist could pass the quiz. I don't have any idea what year I got my social security number. What kind of a quiz is that? Huh? I don't know the why I know. Or questions so we said that a terrorist could easily pass the quiz and have anybody else. It's a more of the same topic. Feel free that whole deal. Everybody where a terrorist are going to get a... Feel free. If they're free. They're right on their doorstep right now. They're going to bring you in. It's going to give you an email and I say safety safety. That's why we're going to stick with your Republicans, man. Safety. We won't have any freedoms left and there won't be anything to be safe from anymore. But safety safety. God, what a polycrap. And of course being so many stupid people out there. Like people are going to see the jury's spirit show and leave their two or three little kids at home until midnight. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 in the record. And that's something that's too order of the kids head to go knock on a neighbor's door like. There ain't nobody here. What's going on over here and that's something that's something pathetic. WQAM hello. QAM hello. Hello. Hello now. Yes sir. One thing is a couple of the shocking. Reading moment. Right. I remember back in the 80s it was a show. I remember the cable channel but it was caught on top of the is I think Richard Delta was on it. Right. And he got knocked out by the wrestler guy and they had to go up to commercials or something. That was pretty shocking to me. I am in a role of a person knows that one time too. That's right with it. Right. Okay. Thank you. I don't have a role. I don't have a role. And I think it's a little bit too much. So I think it's a little bit too much. So we can put him on a few monitor. If you wanted all the pens. I just had lazy. I mean how energetic you feel. No I'm good. My finger started. Oh. Harald or it's a punch in the nose. And then Richard Bay. Would it or was it Richard Bell's or he said. And I really sure. Richard Bay had a good show man. I don't know why that went off the air. I remember that. No. But it felt like you were shaking a hundred meters through the sweet em. She was shaking in the dark. You were packed. I was shaking it. And I said you were shaking a hundred, but it's 60 or 800 to 500 centimeters. We can do it only forvinak cierto. I mean, you couldmother liquefy with mosquef thack. I hurt my hand. one has held accountable for that. Right. And down down Charlie Brown, he was on Chief Bandastwick out and they told you. Yeah, he's an oasis, he'd done bad. Yeah, he's all apologetic now. Yeah, and another thing, Sunday I saw him, I was watching the today show, and they had two people from, you know, a lot of family members in 9-11. Yeah, there were victims, all those people in 9-11, but he was, what had, I wish, they also mentioned that, you know, the Bush administration doing enough to combat terrorism, and here, you know, we've confirmed the terrorist act by killing all these people in Pakistan recently. You understand? Well, and what does this pin in the incident, collateral damage, man? Right, collateral damage. And it would have been nice if one of them was a guy in the gunfight, we don't want to hurt any innocent pay in the ASA bystanders. Yeah, it would have been nice if they would acknowledge that. They were innocent just like they're family members. We don't acknowledge that anymore, we acknowledge all the Iraqi people, and women in little kids that are getting tortured because of the fact that we're occupying the country. Right, and that's another example. Okay, thanks, you know. Thanks, man. Well, the Americans don't care about these things, okay? They care about the fact that Bush looks like one of them, like that, you know, not educated like crooked as a day as long. Things like that. Do you? That every person matters. Yeah, right, there you go. Set the ones that don't vote our way, you know, like the people in New York and the Dark folks and then Fags and Jews and stuff like that. Set the views that happen to be the Neocons, we're like those Jews. Those are the Jews we choose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've arrived and sing it over our list on. Well, to sunshine, it's a beautiful day, man. Too nice of a day to be sitting here talking up the storm. I ought to be out in it, you know? Look at that. It's plus three already. It's 38. In fact, we only got a couple days of it, and we're taking this week at minus, like 30, you know, 28. That doesn't say such thing as global warming, and I'll say it again, last Friday to run or send all all time record time for that date, whatever the date was. What was Friday? The 20th. Yeah. 54 degrees. 54 degrees on the 20th of January. There isn't, you can find a flake of snow. If somebody put an oozy up your butt and said, find me one, you can do it. There's no snow. It's just amazing. Not that I'm complaining you understand. It is real pleasant. But of course, that it gets to be about 140 in the middle of July. That will be saying, well, wait a minute. There's something wrong over here. WQAN, hello. Hey, what's up, you? Yes sir, how are you doing? Hey, what I'm playing? Hey, how are you doing? When I'm playing my edit show game, it says you've got to accept the fight in the game. But in real life, you don't accept the fight. And real hockey, they just play it. I mean, that's kind of weird isn't it, huh? No. Yeah. That was good. When it comes perfect. We love the pancer. Oh, I've got a rarigo. Let's get back to the important crash. Let's talk a little hockey and horse racing. Okay, and then some homo stuff. The three ages. Remember the four-aged club we got three of my new show. Hockey horse racing and homo stuff. For FWM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, hey, this is the friend of Satsir. How come you're crawling on this line? Well, I don't know. Well, you know, have the bat line? Oh, you know what happened? My old phone exploded and took all my numbers with it, including the bat line. I'll be damned. Yeah. Hey, listen. I said before you say anything else, thank you. I want to thank you personally for that standing in the shadows of Motelman. I think I did. I've watched it maybe six times already. Oh, I think that great. It is the best. You know, we were watching that. And I said the family. If you don't, I'd have said that up the kneel. She said, oh, he probably won't like it because of all the cover versions of the Motel. Now you're adding here. That was the best part of it. I know I got there at terrific. Why? If I'd wait, you're bringing home the bacon. I'll say to that because we're going to come up like that. I'd rip her an ass. But anyway. Yeah, I'll go along with all that. The first part. Yeah. Yeah, I just came in the house here. And I heard you say about the weird things you've seen on television. Yeah. And you might remember this. And I don't remember it all that well. But this was in Sarasota. Do you remember the girl up there on Channel 40 who are brains out on here? Yes. And Sarasota. That's right. I didn't see it. But I remember talking about it in the year. Why? You saw it? Yeah. Oh, my God. How are you doing? Did she like stick to gun in her mouth? Well, you know, I was in the bathroom shaving. And I came out and about 30 seconds after I walked out. And I was kind of walking in. Yeah. And she just kind of reached on. Picked up a gun, held it up to her head and by the thing. Ha ha ha ha. All right. I don't even know what they had been talking about. Yeah. Because I was in the bathroom like this. I was shaving and listening to Jack Harris. Well, she probably watched Network One. Oh, listen to Jack Harris. That would do it for me. Yeah. I don't know. I remember those days. Well, we are aware of it. Yeah. I know. So you saw it? Yeah. And what did they do afterwards? What happened? You know, there was about 10 seconds. Were they nothing happened? And then they went to black. So, I'm going to say 10 seconds. We saw the aftermath. You just bumped over it like the blood. She was just kind of fell back behind the desk. Yeah. And that was it. Holy crap. You know, I don't remember her name. And I had a matter about two weeks previous. Oh, no, no. No. No. But she was introduced to me up in Brains in it. The Pirates, the Training Camp. Right. Well, and she seemed like a pretty nice person. I don't even, maybe talk to her for a few minutes. You are a killer man. Oh, yeah. How are we, sir? Listen, take care of yourself. Let me go. Okay, that here's a real quick. There's another DVD thing for you. Who are these guys about the Enron deal? Okay. Check that out. If you see that in your favorite score, by that. We'll do it. Okay. Got to go fight. How do you like that? Is that incredible or what? All there is over there is that. You're blurser brains out on the ear. I don't know how you want to see that. It's going to be a little long. But we got to get that on. Okay. And we just had a guy who saw it. Sounds cool and sought. No wonder he acts that way. This is Neil Roderous. This is five 16. Two. Eight. I was mad at that. But no one would invite. How did they make you anymore? I just went to the gym. Babies not. Everybody's speaking. You just went on one sixth night. Everybody's speaking. Everybody's been gone. One sixth night. Everybody's been knocked on this week. One seventh night. Anyone stand by something this morning? I guess you check theala we're gonna slap people Tsoonck empezar See you Le Man you Will Beads Come loose Mills we want Kafa crossing We'll make it Gaveiferation you can park You can park Ravenny Why supposed to be to be being silver It The ancient shepherd will get us It's time for us to re  The one that should be uptown or where ever they are. This city will be shot with a shot with the walls. He never takes the blame for anything he says. Shot with the blame for the death. The shot brings in some coffee and a ball of wine. And we make a bear. We make him king. And the one that makes new for these tastes. You can't have me alone is the one the way. It was the main wall. This is something you know, so I'm excited about a hundred times that I'm just smitten with that. It's just got a stomach right on. Yeah, by the way, that lady's name is Christine Chobunk. How'd you find that? I just dooled all over not good enough. story right here man you do yeah and what does it say well I gotta go back because I try to find some images here we go um on July 15th 1974 at 930 a.m. eight minutes into our talk shows some co-stieges and WXL TV and Sarah sort of Florida she drew out a 38 caliber revolver and shot herself in the head got to the hospital 14 hours later there's there's a long article I'm keep going if you want wow nice enough but what was your name again Christine Chobock I guess C.H. U.B. U.C. K. I'll be then Chobock what would it name like that? Rounds with love at Tubock so 74 and I must have missed it because I worked in Sarah's son 73 and I'm trying to think when I left her because I went to a started in J&L West Palm that's her high-guest with the show I'll be then didn't bring any bells of me but anyway I worked at W.S. P.B. and Sarah's son 73 and that's probably why she blurt brains out because I left and we're because she ran in the sun that is just to me that's a lot that that's a her mother said she was very depressed and had few friends or romantic interests oh not good not good at all well anyway whatever to kick around no more troops and civilians at a US military base in Iraq were supposed to contaminated water last year and employees would be responsible contractor Halaburton couldn't get their company to win form camp residents according to interviews and internal company documents none other Halaburton scandal here as is part of the same my incompetence the same rip off Halaburton the company formerly headed by Vice President Dick Cheney dispute the allegations I tell you what they mean is cutting that matters he's got all the farmers and Kansas out there you know all the Yahoo's all in flat earth crowd and I have home all crowd out there in Kansas anyway Halaburton disputes the allegations about water problems that camp can't sit in the room on the even though the allegations were made by its own employees and documented in company emails that they would lie I I I I I would they oh boy we have suppose the base camp population military incident to a water source that was not treated city July 15 2005 Halaburton memo written by William Granger the official for Halaburton's KBR subsidiary telebrone and root who was in charge of water quality in Iraq and Kuwait this is in their own memo the level of contamination was roughly two times the normal contamination untreated water from the U.S. River Granger road and one of several documents the associated press obtained that documents from senate democrats who are holding a public inquiry to the allegations two days how do you like that another former Halaburton employee who worked at the base can may have Louisville said there were numerous instances if I can turn the freaking page of uh... where the hell is it I can't turn the page here it is of dire we had some accrams problems he also suffered how do you like that all of these uh... all of these things there you go there listen how about needs the cash man the tatties got that big how many million years again from that 30 million year Terry Shabo's former husband Mary's a wonderful along his tube michael shabo who's brain damage wife was at the center of a contentious end of life battle that played on a worldwide media stage and his honor pull for tomorrow by the way have no fear has remarried family members be saying shabo murder is long time girlfriend jodi sentant sentansy unsettered in a private church ceremony said john sentansy the brother the bride Terry shabo we know about that uh... but it would put about because now we know all that stuff and clumbia south curlan and senator he says the family's field court struggle to keep the brain damage from the life shows a society that is law side of the value of human life all you kids out there is a good lesson to learn from all about eat your vegetables baby if you would like your vegetables a little bit more we'd be living a lot longer right i guess she was the poster child for your vegetables i turn off the show when he ever judge talks about here's our poll today and you keep track all these i never turn off fifty point eight percent five eight seven that's going down oh hockey one oh five horse racing one oh four politics fifty one religion fitting fags the forty money cone know how we're dividend thirty seven movies thirty seven music thirty three sub-judges great uh... whatever he crappy plays radio stuff thirty one all bit days twenty nine i guess we got no more those food and restaurants fifteen six ten the poll eight sports seven gambling seven and meals bedtime stories damn it's all about the trade not he's meal rosers or three radio is what the q-four you that's a good you weekend to play analytic a fan in the thousandry time and it is time to pay for all your crime and pretty soon you will be serving hot times you can't wait you can't even run in the red you can't even blame who to prison for a while taxes you didn't pay you can't use this inside you can't use no billions from you and fly and now you're going to the penitentiary and you can't blame you can't blame that's a loser bye bye