Yeah! It's been worthwhile, you should've done that, you're rating Zantayin. How? Well, I don't know, sure you're going to fit ass and I wish to, yeah, and how. You're going to find somebody good enough, but so my baby pants? It's an easy. Right, I'll change all of the big coming back. I have to try to consider we got a little greater than the correct. And you want to know what I'll send you from shut that transmit into the lounge? Why, that's easy. You're welcome. Oh, you mean this fall! I'm just gonna find one of these little small... I don't know, go ahead. Oh, you mean this fall? I don't know. I'm not sure if you're going to do it. I mean, you're all trying to actually get used to dying. I said my rating Zantayin's thought of doubting me, yeah. But when you have to re-loat me, don't forget your symbol once and please give it a shot. Oh, you mean this fall? I'll take it. Oh, you mean this fall? Oh, you mean this fall? Oh, you mean this fall? Oh, okay, oh, my goodness. You might've wasted it. You're totally in a community. Oh, my goodness. Are you gonna go find me? I'm gonna find you. Oh, man. It is just like old-time. It's good stuff. It is great stuff. Every once in a while, there's like a classic that just will live on forever. And that's one of them. You know, you just market down mentally. Yeah, you're right about that. There's a classic that will live forever. I kind of like somebody's great young sportscasters. Like who? I don't know. Like Dave Ann Boring. Oh, he's not that young. 700, 200, 200 days pull already. I think we have to 1000. I think we're in. You know, you heard that. I must have been a dream. Oh, we got some speaking of a nightmare. Bad news from Iraq. The number of US military that, wow, that all depends on whose counting. Number of deaths is reached 2500. It's been a good one said today more than three years into a conflict that finds well. Goes on and on. We got album wasabi. We got Alzarkawi. And we got all that good information. We got them computer-distant. We got a stupid that they're telling people that because it makes you think number one. It's a PR move. They're playing their hand. They're showing a hand to the world. They just kept their mouth shut as opposed to saying, well, we know where they hang out. We know where they have their meetings. Yeah, but that would be the right thing to do. Well, we don't want to do that. We don't want to send a present for that. Well, we asked yesterday and look at this. What's the best evidence there is no God? 1364 votes and lucky lucky here comes Kofe, as McWinter used to say. And we still don't know what that means. None. No evidence there's no God because there is a God. 271, 19.8% what did I say yesterday? Why don't you keep it under 20% would be quite in the comment. So, it's not the only thing that's going to happen. You know, it's not the only thing that's going to happen. It's not the only thing that's going to happen. What did I say yesterday? Why don't you keep it under 20% would be quite in the accomplishment? And so you did totally mulling. That proves there is only God. Half the world is starving 245. Maybe God doesn't care about that. Maybe he's once everybody to be on the current carpeter died. Come on. We got Tommy today or what? You know, Tommy, we're going to question. It's a stupid question because we got Ruth's Chris coming with food today. So, Tommy is there acting like real enthusiastic. Putting on a good act. We're going to have it a good people. Look at us. Look what happened to a washman. Oh, just as the beginning of the year, look what happened to us. 243 people said that. No one has ever seen God to O6. That he's a big. I think he looks like Charlton has to without the spandex pants. I think. Maybe it looks like Sean Connery. Or maybe it looks like P.E. Herman. John Lennon has been murdered and Michael Bolton lives. 189 people said that proves there's no God. And I still said that like the other one about the current carpenter died from an arrexia. And what's your name, Liz? I came thinking we're name now. I'm trying to like block it out. I hate this full 125 a mere 9.1 percent. Joyce fits 52. She should have been better than that. She's looking proof that bitch. And prayer seldom gets answered 33. Why do you think that got so few votes? Maybe people aren't praying hard enough. No, but wouldn't you think that that would be proof right there? I mean, they're always praying that they're God, whichever God it happens to be. The God do you hear 25 hundred and Americans interact. Anybody care anybody who's up into a frenzy? Like riding and protesting in the streets? Anybody saying good old with us already? No, it just goes on. It's kind of like the situation here at Q.A.M. And see what they're doing is they're Joe Biden their time. Because they realize that tomorrow's my last day before summer vacation. And that summer schedule. Well, we'll get them off our back. He's going away anyway. Just keep the same old steel copy on there. And there's no guy that's doing that. He may be a very nice guy. This Christian guy. I think Georgia is a thing for him. What does that mean? No, he just tells me what a wonderful guy he is. Because, you know, you give people the benefit of the doubt. Like right when you meet him, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, let's go. I heard so many wondrous things about him too in the beginning. Oh my God, this guy is great. He's a radio guy. But anyway, in this guy, well, he knows about making a log. He's got better logs this morning than this guy. It will ever make it. Why would we just do the same spot back to back over and over side by each? How does that sound? 30 Q a M. Hello. I see you want to get the last. That was that. That was a great call right there. And nobody was. But what happened there? One syllable now. That's bad. That was a very, very week. Is that how we're going to spend today in a mile? We actually, you know, when you stop and think about it this week, you know, the usual idiots. But we've had a certain number of calls to them. Just beyond belief. That would be a good, uh, that's such a good way to put it up. But I write. Yeah, you're right about that. Almost as memorable as that all you need is Mo. Not quite. It's going to take a lot for that. This story, I think is as memorable as that. I've actually joy think it to be two happy above this story. And back in the day, I'd have some interesting sound effects to drop in on this story too. But I don't think we can be doing that right now. Let's see if I could find one. Can't find them. They're in here somewhere. Yeah, what is it? Huh? I wouldn't search for them. Oh. Oh. What? Did you hear something? That was Tommy. That was a pretty, that was a pre-warth-price, uh, squeeze. I'm telling you, I can smell it all the way up here. Caracas Venezuela. But that's a perfect place for it too. Oh, don't ever go there. Wow. Scientists in Venezuela said they've invented a new user-friendly bean that produces no gas. All right. So you see we don't have to worry about not playing farting sounds anymore because pretty soon, nobody's going to be farting anymore. Do you know what? Once read, I don't know where you said business about they say, whoever they are. They say this, they say that they, but I once read that if you didn't fart, you'd like to explode. No, I'm serious. I mean, your fully body continues being full of gas and all that stuff keeps a fermenting in your colon. Given how long can you hold it really? It's going to seep out. But that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm pointing out. If you weren't able to release it through your, uh, back to them through that Uranus, you would explode. And we got some people around the building, well, I think around a virgin that. Anyway, the team of scientists from, I am really excited about these new, before I go on about the farting thing. Where the hell's that deal? I already played it at the openness more and this worth playing over and over again. Because I, and the funny part of it is I played it for you this morning. In the summer there and we joined on Hank show. There was again. So I guess the big always really he's got yours here now. Where's he? You find the Boolean golfman. The Bimples on your ass. No, that's not it. Here it is. Two, two, two. Two, two, three. See that, that's, that's it. We shall loud enough. I guess that's going to do it. That's the replica sounds like to me. Wow. That is that's the new deal. I guess, uh, I guess in that great broadcast. I'm almost everybody's asleep. The big, oh, he's got the ear of management. The team of scientists from C. Montenpolivar University in the capital of Caracas said they discovered a way to remove the agents and beans that cause gas. The process also increases the Lagoon's nutritional value by 97%. I don't like that. I don't like beans though. I'm trying to take of any kind of beans that I like. I don't mind like green beans. It's stream beans. They're okay. Nothing special. Like if you go to a nice, I maybe with Christy they'll bring in some nice, string beans. Some veggies on the side with a steak. That would be nice. Usually when you go to a nice restaurant on the side we get chicken or steak with some like that. There's always like the veggies of the inner string beans. Usually got the nice baked potato. Yeah, but also that. Now, not nice, not nice about a baked potato. That's one of those deadly nice shades. Anyway, developing countries beans are a cheap and important way to add protein to the diet. And the potatoes, of course, are loaded with carbs. I love even more than that olive oil. That was a good call last week. However, sometimes people avoid beans because of gas. Because they don't want to offend Joyce. Gas is cause. Now, here we go. Gas is cause when the bacteria and the large intestine break down the food. When the food is high in fiber like beans, gas is formed. The scientists said for many of the beans with a friendly bacteria drastically reduces the amount of gas in your system. The scientists have painted the rights to the research and its results in a stunning way to put the new beans on the grocery shop. They said the cost for the process are very small. We can all go to Taco Bell and have a big smile on our face. As opposed to that sour look here in the credit elevator. There's one spot here, man, it's so good. It's for I think Rogers cable. I've told you about that. They're all on the credit elevator. It's starting to work in the woman like shrills up for nose. And he's got that nauseated look at her face like he's going to like soon. Next time it's on, I'll play the audio. Really? I'll tell you like your job. Okay, here's today's pool. 750 votes in guess. There's something we could put in a quarter round of pool every day and she'd win no matter what it was. As long as it's something really full of hate negative. Who do you think is the most self-hating, gay celebrity or politician? Of course, most of these people out of any of these people, some Alice are out of the Andrew Sullivan. The other ones are out of the closet. But the other ones I think it's an obrater. Well, Tommy Cruz is in the closet. Yeah, would John Revolta. I didn't put John Revolta on there because he, at least he's not only a press conference every week, when I was at his not gay. Anyway, and culture, 271 man, culture with a big Adam's apple, self-hating guy. What am I listening to? Hang on, let me go in the other room and tell him to sit down. All right, Tommy's just had your return on, nobody do. What do you mean by that? Well, you were getting feedback from the main student. I was going to get a feedback. I was hearing Hank doing a spot. Yes, you were. But now you're not. No worries. Well, what does that mean he had my return on your return, basically? So you can hear the feed when we do, you know, from the other studio. When we start to show him, he's cutting his spot for a call to it sound like he's not like he's having a hell of a time with it. Anyway, and code of 271, Tom Cruz, 235, I hate this full 88. Of course you do. Matt Fudge, she's got 83, you know, from the Fudge report. Congolisa 67, she's another one. It's married to her work. Mary to your work means gay. Mary, Cheney, 60, boy, you talk about a cell out. Alice Rand tells, he's only got 13. Small potatoes. Charlie Christ wants to be the first gay we public in Governor Florida, 12. Andrew Sullivan, 12, and Miss Mark Foley, another Republican from West Palm Beach. Yeah, that's what we got so far. We got over 700 votes already. We got it made in the shade. Miramar. I thought we were going to take your collar for just a second. Let's go to Miramar. QAM, hello. Miramar. Okay. I agree with you about our ham culture, but you got to be a chicada cell. Oh yeah, she's hot as hell. How was the word, man? If she's hot, thank God that I'm an old sag. Okay. Good, Gally. 14 past 10 course you saw to hear that little bit of a he's somewhat like the big O. He had a little bit of that spanglish baby talk sound to him. You know what that means? You're fairie. You know lobster faces back here. We Friday through Sunday at the Amal Coast. The best Chinese buffet in South Florida with relocations for you. There's animal coast in sunrise, tempered pines and sunny hours beach. And this week is a perfect time to flood that long to the Amal Coast to give them a real treat for Father's Day. Take that out for that special dinner this weekend. The Amal Coast over 100 different items featured on the Amal Coast. The face. So try them all. Start out with six gourmet soups and go from New York State grill to order just the way you love it juicy and delicious. Han car, prime red, there's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes. You love as well as a salad and shrimp bar. And you won't even know what to eat next to them. A coast. There's so much food. And they're dessert bars spectacular during the week, but on the weekends, we shouldn't check out the 40 inch chocolate fountain. It'll make your mouth water as you hand it post strawberry's marshmallow cheesecake. Other than treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. While you'll water a lot of this place, man, dad will have a big smile on his ugly posts. A perfect ending to a real feast at the Amal Coast, which uses by the way only healthy cholesterol, thick and oil oil and never any MSG. And no another crap like some of the restaurants right next door to the building there. You know, I'm talking about, I don't want to use the omitials. Bring the whole family to the Amal Coast this weekend and especially make reservations for Father's Day this Sunday. By calling 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. A lot of emitators out there, but they're nothing like the Amal Coast Chinese buffet. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. This is the new restaurant solid. This is 5-16-16-16. 2-2-1-2. Rock solid. So baby, you're the one who's chosen for principles and the regulations Travelling is gonna be passed to Rome I'm a little fooly, I'm a little bit kid, I'm playing a little piece of this, I'm sorry You found a better place than this, but I'm a little kid, baby, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid You've never fallen in and they're all dead, they're all so What the mighty power of war, that ain't all over, it's an odd humiliation But baby, you've never fallen in and they're all dead, they're all so much You've never fallen in and they're all dead, they're all dead Good Christian soldiers will go, well, yeah, hey, hey, hey, hey I think we played just like New QAM Sounder and Audemium's Mo until two years ago I think we played just like New QAM Sounder and Audemium's Mo until two years ago I think we played just like New QAM Sounder and Audemium's Mo until two years ago We get a 90 sure, I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so I think since the production director is sitting with us, he might add it over the real thing Sounds just the same Yeah, only it's got like a little of the mole factor in there, you've heard that you're widely factor This is like the mole factor in there, that's a lot of read as in there That's just that touch of greatness, it is, he's touching it, maybe it's dingle berries 770 votes on the pool, I think we're going to make that 1,000 again today I do believe that, let's take a look at that schedule of Marlins and X-Binnings They want to gamma-stite, holy moly rat, moron or row They have one four-nirrow, they won 65 on an airbite, so sinking braves, the braves are sinking and sinking Yeah, they're turds I'm sure both of you guys watched that hockey game last night I gotta tell you, I saw the overtime No, I saw the overtime, all the way, turn on More than that Let's play some hockey games The guy is the one who's playing the ball He's right, out of the ice And the guy is celebrating He wins, here in the ice It's running, he's going to cut my mind out Next good old Bob Cole, at least you know what city he was in last night That's the seven or eight direction calling Anyway, so, Edmonton, amazingly Pulls it up, it didn't look like he was hurt And my buddy, we didn't get another goal last night for the Hurri Keynes Edible, I ran, she got that super beer by the way Makes you look like crap Anyway, the guy who passed the puck Went before I got stolen Yeah Guy would have shot Did he do like to him and get a lob He just gave a little bit of a stop It lost the puck It wasn't his fault, it was a stupid pass Right at the blue line, I never thought it was Yeah And Pizoni, good Italian boy goes in there and bought a big ice shot And this one Edmonton looked like they were done All of a sudden they came back Just when they thought they were out, they got pulled back in So the series goes back to Edmonton tomorrow And I did the big game, of course tonight in South Florida Everybody's whipped up about, and we got that panel on there again I thought Mad Dog said he would never have guessed on a show He actually, he's been having guessed for a while now Yeah, I know that And it seems to me that he must have really whipped out They must have like a default or declawed the Mad Dog And I wonder he's got like a one share there That's bad Because he realizes just like some of the rest of us Realize a law many years ago, the cast You're already narrow casting Now if the audience is interested in whatever the stupid ass gets Like I wrote Windbag, what was he going to say about the game tonight Huh? Is he going to say anything that's going to like Educate you about this game tonight No, that it's a must win But it would have been better to vote about than whatever else Of course not You've heard him say the same crap 80 million times Fussy sounds like a little girl like that You know we already got that this afternoon Anyway, here's that schedule Guilty 2 to 4 of course Because he and Robert are doing it Mad Dog 4 to 6 30 and he's got that panel See I don't get that stuff on my schedule Because I guess they're afraid I'll make fun and ridicule it which I will And I'm really disappointed in that Should I have them send you up a liner? No Marlon John Dickinson 30 Marlon's in the bravest The third and final game Guess who's coming to the town this weekend to play the Marlon's You know what I don't know Can I tell you please let me give you a clue the Roger Center Formally the sky dome Where am I sitting right now? That can't be right well sort of says that my schedule That right I said who's coming to town this weekend Says my schedule Toronto Blue Jays What do you mean by that you're checking well what the hell does that mean? I believe you again for you check it's Toronto Blue Jays tomorrow Saturday and Sunday and you have to play the Marlon's Blue Jays I haven't been pretty good here I don't follow it but most of the season so far I live in only like two three games behind the red sauce and the Yankees Yeah, they're in the wrong division but yeah, they're okay What do you mean by that? Meaning the red sauce and Yankees win it every year Oh, it doesn't win it every time it gets the wild card Well, I like the Marlon's excuse I mean they'd be right up there if they were like in the division with the pirates and Kansas City if they're all together Well, not this year but yeah Yeah, I don't know right you're making that braves excuse the braves wouldn't ever year Not the way they're playing right now though Let's get sports intense. Let's play this whole hockey game from last night sports I'm a clearance happy anyway, although hockey I think he's not in his vocabulary. I don't think he's a hockey guy. Clarence. All the way which he would get the puck out of here The White House announced this week that President of the way to hear the Japanese diplomacy is getting all shook up This fits in this is what the whole world is all about You don't know whether the choir just pee in your pants The White House announced this week that President Bush is taking the Japanese Prime Minister and Big Time Elvis fan Junit Shiro Koizumi to Memphis Tennessee for a pilgrimage to Ayolvus Grace Land Well, I wish we had Paul Simon and Grace Land I'm sure I probably do admire iPod The trip to the Rock Legends estate is scheduled for June 30th Doctor the man They after the two leaders are scheduled to meet the White House Bush enjoys telling a Koizumi's love of Elvis Presley's part of his stump speech Said Tony Snow the president and Mrs. Bush look forward to introducing the Prime Minister to the Beauty and Warmha's fatality of the people of the Volunteer State Well, that's the state that Al Gore is from Tennessee and of course Bill's fist. Oh my god How do you like that? He's taking him to Grace Land Wasn't that the epitome of what America's all about his Grace Land when you think I know you're not a big Elvis fan I'd say that's an understatement I will forget putting aside your personal prejudices, okay? Just because he was a Southern Yahoo You don't watch him gonna play this all day W-O-O-O Two two Two two Two This is Neil Roger This is 566 Then at Roger Dead Celebrity Causes 560 W-U-A-M-M-A And then Miami presents your chance to win an all-advanced A-Trip to Collier City Florida Yes, it's none other than prestigious company along the winding land of powerline road It's the land of pastel purple and seagrade greenhouses named for the congenial ginshel moderator Pug Collier You'll stay in the luxurious half of what remains of the days in conveniently located off the turn-fights Where you can relax and sip a Mickey's dig mouth at the edge of an exit ramp retainer pond But wait, there's more Winners will receive a $100 shopping-free at the abandoned Jefferson's on Hollywood Boulevard All you have to do to enter is write a 560 page thesis on the correlation between sportsmen addicts and blatant homeless at ULV And if you can make our program director here this time Then you win an all-advanced A-Trip to Darydy Another bogus offer from the Miss Guided Management of W-O-O Two, two, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-e-da-aa-a-a-e-a-a-k. A poor Jacob Mac Carlene was never closer to fantasticれた And then she had to be fib-nted prophet at his death on my lack of madness. Santa jak wakes the grace of you the repeating pattern of thank Mitch barr ώements. Why the season? You want all you do is vote! First of all, what do you mean is vote? And then come back, what do you mean is a show? And then go, go! And then come back, what do you do? I mean you're all transplants only got you big games! I said my ratings have fought them down in this game! And how long? I said you have to ring on me! What's the big game? You're no one! And we do! What do you mean is vote? Now we're taking it! All you need is vote! And then come back, what do you mean? All you need is a show! And then come back! Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm sorry, I didn't do it by the way, sir! You're going to be a complete committed! What the hell! Are you going to go to the fire me? I'm going to be a man! Hang out there, there's another report! No! 1034, 26 before 11 at 5, 16, WQ, A-M! See what better starts in and that way, that's going to put us over the top. You're going to lose behind that, don't you? Rock solid! What he means is going to be, I think he's going to be doing that. And management pretty soon. Very soon, the big... Oh! A many bus carrying workers to an American base blew up on a 7F-GN city of Kanda Har today, Killing 10 people and only 15 others. And an incident thought to be caused by the detonation of explosive planet on the vehicle. The blast happened during two key developments in Afghanistan. Obsurgent tanks throughout the country by Taliban fighters. And the recent start of a major combat operation ended with a resurgent rebel force. At all the Taliban was done, man. I thought we finished them off, a long time ago, years ago. Surprise! Didn't do it. Wait till you're this. I got a huge pile by the way today. Never had big piles all the time. WQ-A-M, hello. See, that's a whole thing in there. But that wasn't very interesting, man. That was very weak. WQ-A-M, hello. Hello, no wonder. Ha ha ha ha. Man, it is swimming grim today, isn't it? Well, see, 50 of the June. They're all either getting drunk ready for the big game tonight or they're all out of time. If I got any brains, they've ambushed long time ago. We will take a Zidin' Calls over there between now and two o'clock, even though I have this huge pile of moving portante stories very important. George Bush is six years in office of so-damaged image of the West that people worldwide see WC walked in as a bigger threat to World Peace than Tehran, then the Iranians for Kranil are cloning according to a global poll. The Washington-based Pew Research Center in a poll of 17,000 people in 15 countries between March and May found more people concerned about the US presence in Iraq than about Iran's alleged nuclear weapons ambitions. The Pew Center said this by growing concern over Iran's nuclear ambitions, the US presence in Iraq has said at least as often as Iran and in many countries much more often and some countries much much much more often as a danger road peace. The survey carried out annually shows a continued decline for support in the West since 99. The US image from up to the 20th century has been relatively positive, being rarely identified with democracy. Human rights in openness and spread of criticism from the left, which reached a height to an award Vietnam and a residual suspicion in the Muslim world in the Iraq head world. But even in the UK, Washington's closest ally, favorable ratings have slumped from 83% in 99 into 56% this year. It's not too good. Pattern is similar in France down from 62% only 39%. Germany from 78 to only 37% and in Spain is Spania from 50% only 23% in Spania, like that. In Muslim countries with which US traditionally has enjoyed a good relationship such as Turkey, a member of NATO and Indonesia there have also been slumps. In Indonesia, favor-boarding for the US have dropped from 75 to guess what? About 30% and in Turkey from 52 to only 12%. It's all because of Iraq, heralgoed as a associate director of the Pew Center said. He added it was a sign of how dangerous Iraq is to the US image that in spite of a common cause between the US and Europeans on Iran, there have been no improvement in the American position in Europe. How do you like that? Turkey, 52 to 12% I mean pretty soon it could have been like our numbers that have a minus in front of it. That's bad. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. Hey, is this one here? No, where are you going for vacation? Are you writing a book? No, I just wanted to hear a few of you are going up to Tampa? Down to Tampa? Down to Tampa? Yeah. No. No. No. What the hell do I want to go to Tampa for? I just can't even tell anyone. What's going on? 5605. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Nothing that's better than that. I just can't you. Oh my god. Get your figure out your nose pal. Okay, people are starting to talk. My god. And it's starting to bleed too a little bit. Good. Godly Miss Molly. Redneck. That's the one thing. I guess if I went out to Alberta like to Calgary or say it's catch a one. If I'm plenty of redneck and came out of my god. I don't miss redneck. Yeah. Do not miss David all. There are not enough in there. There's too many homeless people. Like I said, I'm too many dead curry smell. Oh man. Too much of that heavy curry aroma. Put your ass in a coma. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir. Hello, my radio. Hey, hi. Just let you know. Some good news. I will be having dinner tonight with Chris Bush. Okay, we don't care. And neither of us see. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Ever tried to say nice. Ashill. WDQAM. QAM Hello. Yeah. Why are you smoking? WDQAM Hello. Something like his boyfriend was strangling with a phone cord. We can only hope. QAM. WDQAM Hello. QAM. QAM. It's an intellectual line. Hey, Neil. Are you doing? Okay. Shack line. Shack line. Hey, it's been about five years since I had talked you down here. Nothing's changed, has it? What do you mean by that? It's just the same old things, especially politics. Why not? Same people with you. Dumb and blind. When is the gun on single crap? It's not going to change. Well, it's getting your voice again and down here. Working, uh, keep it up. Keep a lot of the sound by the about a 30 man. Okay. Okay. Okay. Say goodbye. I think he's starting. I'm sorry. I started in the fry too. I thought maybe we had some like rash. I thought it was actually going to like, but we didn't. Yeah, it was. Well, I don't want to say it anyway. Why do we want that? It's kind of boring. Don't forget, speaking of boring. I was going to be on the mad dog showing fading again. And also to hear Eric reach. You got to be on again talking to his teeth. Oh, God. You know, I don't know why they just don't give them the keys to the freaking kingdom already for Christ. It seems to me that they have. If you're in the radio station over to the big old, Clarence. Ira Windbag, Eric Reed and Randy Puff-Frand. Holy crap, rat man. That is, is that scary? This new regime. I think the only solution man is a hitman. 800 12 votes on the pool. Who do you think is the most so-hating gay celebrity or politician? And culture, 294. Man, culture. And that example is because of watermelon. Tom, well, at least it's a fruit. Tom, it's a fruit. You're fair. 145. You ain't foolin' nobody, Tommy. Nobody. I hate this pool. 95. Probably all in the closet. That fudge. She's got 92 from the Fudge report. Condoleezer's got 70. 3 Cheney 65. Andrew Sullivan. Oh, it's a big drop off after Mary. Andrew Sullivan only, and you want to ask those most people who these other people are. Andrew Sullivan, 14, Alice Rantell, 14. Charlie Christ, she's got 12. She wants to be your next governor. Republican McQueen. And Mark Foley, Republican Queen, our Congress person, Congress lady from Palm Beach, County. She's got 11. This is Neil Roger. You're fair. This is 5.16. 2.8. Weapon Bird, All Dutch Cowada Cabbage, 1 I'm not going to talk about it. I'm not going to talk about it. I don't see if I'm crack-up and very messy. I see what the whole thing's like. I'm not going to talk about it. I know how you know. I know what I'm talking about. I'm avoiding a touch on door. I see it. I know my way to the car. When I pull my phone in the desk and I'll see it. I give a full condo. The door is a fashion. The door is a fashion. I'm going to kills this guy, pull. I'm going to kill him. Oh! Don't! Don't put it in the door? The door is in just a bit like that. Call us. Call us. Santeroa is not wrapped in the special case. Let's play! We shouldn't have turned to you for the show 8 seconds. I made it a special case. He stole and put it in his pocket on the back. I know everything that's going on in that news. Why I even know all the new Marjad rules of Hitler's Giants. Daddy, oh! Oh! You bad thing, though, I'm not gonna lie. It's the better show when I take you place. I know I ain't nowhere to play with you. But when they drop, I voice will change. You little smoothies, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys. The boys, the boys, the boys, the boys. The boys, the boys, the boys, the boys. The boys, the boys, the boys. So obviously the most important question of the day on this Thursday, what time is the food show enough? I wish I knew. Well, it's a very serious involved in that. So just cross your fingers, your legs and your eyes, and see a few brothers in the Hebrew. Maybe it'll show up. Because anything he touches man, turns to instant, you know what? 833 votes on a pool. We're gonna have a thousand by noon when I feel. I could be wrong about that. But I am. That sounds right to me. And then on a Thursday in the middle of June, on a day when the heat are planted, very important game for tonight. Holy moly, we got that big round table. Good, got him this Molly. Take a zidding calls here, but it got this very important story. Miami. Now, you know how people are always vaccine in stories that we already have. Yeah, I've already thrown away too. They'd schools ban both on Cuba, did you get that one? No, I didn't get that one. So that's the one that everybody ought to be sending in because they ought to be pissed off and fired up about that. But it's in a Harold and who the hell reads there? Anyway, how many QAM? That's planet sir. How many QAM? Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. I'm a poor slipper and I don't have cable and I've never been to a private to see enough and culture. And that's when I got to see you on day-lendels. Yeah. And how did that go now? Let's see, George Carlom was on too, right? Yeah. I think it's a George, you know, unfortunately. But I thought Anne was like, I'm thinking instead of Anne culture, we should call our culture. No, we call her, man culture, right? Man culture. It's a guy, oh my god. Right. She's got a gigantic organ, no question about that. No, I wouldn't do a fearful meal. Okay, it's a world of survival. 560, 560, she plays it in church on Sundays. We don't know which church because she lies about what church she goes to. She lies about everything. Just another pawn of the far right of these lunatics. They used to be, I've told you this for years now for last six years anyway. These are the same people used to be on the fringes of American society. They right way the wingnuts. The crowd, you know, Pat Robertson and Falwell and James Thompson and man, Coder and Laura Ingraham and all these other right wing craze. And now they're running the country. They stole two elections and they do a very good job of that. If they did a good of a job or any of the countries, they do a stealing elections. Man, we've been good, shame. 2500 dead Americans interact by the way the Pentagon confirms that to the answer today. 2500. Are they riding in the streets? No, they whipped up into a friend's room. No, I see Darrell Hannah's up in a tree that went California. You see that? No, about that farm. You see that? I never got to that story yesterday. It's time and time he saw it. The urban farmer's in California. The urban farmer's in California. They're all been out of shape and protesting and she's up in the tree and they had a job there when that hedge trimmer and typical rubber trim. They're taking a lot. She's still got that mermaid. WQAM hello. Good. WQAM hello. Two. Yes. How are you Neil? I'm okay. First time long time. Thank you for taking my call. Well, thank you for making your call. We can probably take your call. We can check on Shack. I'll hang up in the water. Yeah, okay. 560560. The little parody on these sports cars man. The sport. You think our callers are bad sports. There's only 10 of them. Sports callers. Now let's see a couple of weeks ago. I was asking about that dark and plated guy. It calls all the time. They call for years. And Carl is that his name? I think his name is Carl. I don't know. I mean, I know a guy named CJ. No, no. I ain't called. I don't know. Carl sounds a little lady like to me. I don't know. I got kind of a high pitch squeaky voice. Of course we like high pitch squeaky voice. That's Tommy. Tommy's a little on the squeaky side. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit of a little bit. The difference being that we like Tom. There are people in the building who have high pitch squeaky voices that we're not too crazy about. So that's really what a force. That is a popularity contest. Not that the big. Oh, oh, my God. I saw that's what I hear. That's the rumor on the building is that he's got the boss's rear. Spanish sports all day. That's what the big O has in mind. In Kendall. From Kendall, or maybe from Sweetwater would be good. Gotta get that Hispanic audience, Joe. We gotta get that Latino Water. Yeah, right. Mm-hmm. Sure we do. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, is this Neil? It sounds like me, yeah. Did you see the pond on young ranch this morning? Did I see it? Did you hear it? No, I did not. It sounded like crap. Yeah, well, let's do about that. Uh-huh. Yeah. At least they're consistent. 567, 560, pond 560, 104, and something special today. I, when you're expecting, don't you understand that always works this way. Did we realize today and tomorrow is last year, I'm going on vacation. And it's only going to give two days and Thursdays and for three months in a summer time. Then they have George's to badge, you're on Monday, Wednesday and Friday all summer. This far as I'm concerned, personal. It's the last couple of days to like bond with me. Don't you understand? Yeah, I get it, but we have to, we haven't got a real call yet. Get out of here. We had one or two. No. Yeah, we did. You can't even have one or two for like the first three seconds of the call. No, no, a couple of calls ago. It was like a real guy in there. I remember what that was talking about. It was pretty boring, but we had a real call. And then the guy before this one was okay, that little whoo you guy. Talking about man, colder. What was wrong with him? So sorry, you better lighten up a little bit, man. Once you start screaming the calls, I'm sure there'll be a lot better though. So that's your alternative. You know, you can either start screaming them. Of course to me is really. Screening phone calls on talk shows and putting names of callers on here. That's like having guest tongue. You know, it went out with knickers. It's bad, bad radio. Can you get what? Right. What about? Yeah. Oh, oh. Yeah, why don't you screen some calls, Mr. Schmuck? I'm going to start right now. You don't, don't you dare. Go to there. If you want that steak today, you better keep your hands off that instrument and the phone too. Okay. Okay. Got the cramp. WQAM screen line. Hello. Ooh, this is good. Alright. We're getting hooked up with somebody here. I think it's going to be a three way. Can I tell you if you like to make a call? I'll be man. Nobody home. Give us a machine or something. Give us a good machine, man. WQAM. Hello. QAM. No. WQAM. Hello. No, show. Hey, Neil. I was going to make a mistake. I heard, we were the weatherman. Was on his deathbed. Well, no, no, no, no. See his deathbed. He's got cancer. He's in the hospital. I had that on a few days ago. But don't see his deathbed. That's what I had. Okay. Well, that's why I'm calling you. I, from other article that I read there, he's not in real good shape. But it's really a shame. He's a great guy. And that goes back to that whole god business again. You know. Bummer. What kind of can't we do you know? Just a bit. I mean, I don't know. Okay. Thank you. We wish him all the rest. Let me see on his deathbed. But I see. So, why not a little bit sweetheart? My god. Hey, that's all for a demand. We're at a limitless. Oh, by the way, the Neil Rogers cooked the other day. He heard any croaked that old faggot. It's just, it's just a, no, seriously. Is this so many hostile angry people? I don't know. And it's that, and the contrast between the people who are maybe, if anything, a little bit too polite. You know what I'm saying? But I rather have too polite than too hostile. Believe me. The only day the week I'll take this. I mean, you can be like 60 yards behind somebody going out the building here. They're holding the door for you. And you feel like, oh, I better hurry up. You know, practically I haven't a sprint to the door so that they don't feel bad holding the door for you. You gotta put a move on. Yeah. You gotta bust a move, man. 861 votes on the pole. Man, colder. She's kicking ass. Even Tommy Cruz can't catch that man. Which might be the first time. This is Neil Rogers. Tommy Cruz. You have a space 560, two, eight. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? This is for you. Some station. Who give you cars? Some station. Who give you cash? But this station is for you. It gives you something that really counts because this station is for you. It gives you a great five. It gives you. It just be the tenth color. Would you give us a sound? And you'll be the membership in our free weight loss program. We'll send a station representative for your house. I was to lock you in the bathroom for two or three months. That's right. All the water in two days, you can eat. Come to lie. You'll be looking. And you'll have the brightest smile on the beach. This station accepts no responsibility for minor complications resulting from our weight loss program. Like protein deficiencies, rickets, scurvy or death. Get ready for swimsuits. And don't forget to vlog. Eat with a stick for your chance. So we can't deliver no to a QAM. And don't forget we got to get to a thousand by noon today. We don't really have to. But I would be nice wouldn't be a feather in our cramp. We got 873 already. We need 127 in this hour. We should be able to do that. That's like two a minute. Absolutely. Of course, that's more than we got listening, but nevertheless. I guarantee a one thing you won't hit that all you need is mobile on the OJ a juice and McDuffy show. And Sydney Burstine. What's his name? Said Burstine wrote it. It wrote a really cransy. Yeah. But what's his name? Ben Rothlitzberger. Ben Ken Svan. He's on the hospital. Go to it again. Ben. You idiot. So nobody fags in this article. This is the one that all of us. I better not read it then. Probably strip a whole bunch of stuff. A controversial show runs book about Cuba, a worse Miguel and we need him. And similar books from the same series about other countries will be removed from all day County school libraries after a school board vote yesterday that split his fan and on his fan members in an incendiary political atmosphere incendiary. Oh man, as in una babagrande, there should love that word incendiary. No, never. I do. When South Florida especially, because everything else is like Cometos. So incendiary means like, wow, they're like all whipped up into a frenzy. Kind of like when you see the, um, the, um, house of the department here meeting or like in the British parliament. They're pounding on the table and they're screaming and curing on only the cub of book, Vamos A Cuba and its English language counterpart a visit to Cuba where we view through the district slightly appeals process. Some board members who voted for the band admitted they've never seen other books in the series which feature 24 nations, including Greece, Mexico and Vietnam, none of which have been formally objected to do by anybody. Basically, it paints life in those 24 countries with the same brush with the same words, said board chairman Augustine Barra, who said he read most of the books. As part of the 6-3 of the board, overworld two review committees and superintendent Rudy Crew, all of whom had decided to keep the book, the decision directed crew to replace the series of more detailed books. Saying more of what they wanted to. Even long time district officials could not remember any previous banning of a book by the school board and the American Civilivities Union said it was prepared to file a lawsuit challenging the decision which the school board's own attorney said would be costly, crazy people in Dave County again. And you wonder why everybody's bailing on you? You Dave County people. Everybody wants out. No speaking English or key, okay? Man, oh man. Next thing it will be having like one of the Cuban singers back in the Dave County again. And they'll be carrying all the green teeth will be carrying on throwing rocks in the streets or selling rocks. To get sell you a crew. This unfortunate decision is a throwback to a Miami of several decades ago when the battle of a freedom in Cuba's ways too frequently about first-member rights in Miami said Howard Simon Executive Director of the Florida ACL and you. He said the district should work to collect more material with different viewpoints, not be moved to controversial books. District officials were unsure how many copies of other books in the series did work but schools had 49 copies of the book on Cuba. It was Cuba. It was Cuba. Where we go again. How can I China put that Cuba stuff? Where's Ali on when we need a little alien to avenge you he read those books? That's probably why he went back with daddy. He got to tell him happy meals. Turn his guts out. I like that thing with those trans-fans at KFC when that is a great story. That was a great story. It became the target of controversy earlier this year not the KFC but the book. When the father of a Marjorie Stolen and Douglas Elementary student completed about the book's Rosie Portrait of Life in Fidel Castro's Cuba, the Cuban people have been paying a dear price for 47 years for the reality to be known as Juan Amitor Rodriguez probably Kim DeGeorge, a former political president of a Cuba who filed the original complaint which was denied and seven subsequent appeals, a 32 page book cannot silence that. But in a final appeal of the school board the majority members decided it's in accuracy and omissions made it inappropriate for its intended kindergarten the second rate audience. A book that misleads confounds or confuses has no part in the education of our students. Most especially elementary students were a most impertinentable and vulnerable said board member Perala Tabaras Hantman. A policy defense that was 10 months of censorship but politically on savory speech, something specifically barred by the US Supreme Court. Overall confused people in Dave County with the Supreme Court they don't pay no attention that kind of crap. What does Dave County have to do with the US anyway? Next week we'll have another complaint about another book from another group said board member Evelyn Greer if the standard is a pliable go through every book in the system. Bany books in Dave, baby that's what's going on right now. We can't play fart sounds and Dave County can't have books that they had on like. Legal experts said the board's action appeared to be on constitutional, on constitutional not the first time. In 1982 Supreme Court case ruled that school boards have wide discretion to determine which board school on shelves but that discretion may not be exercised in a nearly partisan or political manner. The high courts ruling in that New York case board of education versus Pico said in an example of an appropriate bookbany if an all-wide school board motivated by racial animus decided to remove all books out of it by blasts of advocating racial equality and integration. Court specifically gives school boards more discretion in choosing instructional materials said Simon. Simon said he could envision a perfectly reasonable judgment they made a move of book that wasn't considered an age appropriate. However he said the court was adamant that most can't be removed because of content. Emerald Rodriguez's appeal was originally limited to the cuba book in Martin Reistoman Douglas Salamentree but board member Anna Revis Logan. I'll enter the bill to cover the entire series in the entire district. We are rejecting the professional recommendation of our staff based on political imperatives that have been pressed upon members of the board said Greer who joined Solomon Stinson and Martin Carp in voting against removal. Martin Carp. Oh, the board's action doesn't affect the dozen copies of the cuba book found in Broward schools or public libraries in both county. If you want to be happy, maybe move to Broward. If you got to be in Florida move to Broward. Am I right? Yeah. I have their grades went up. That's right. I saw that they didn't phenomenally well. There was no F. Of course, I think most of the results were fixed but nevertheless the phenomenal job and I was going to be in Broward on your kids in board member Frank Volcano Bolonios. Frank Bolonios. Try to persuade the board to move another controversial cuban kids which portrays life in post-revolutionary cuba as a veritable paradise. Paradise. But that effort was defeated in a six to three vote with the majority unlawful and reckless apparent files of formal complaint. What do you go? What do you parents out there in those beginning ways? File a complaint. Get your green teeth all flashing. Activists at the meeting promised to begin that process today were the handful of schools that has the book, Cuban kids. See? There you go. All right. Here it is. 2006 and they're still doing the same crap man. The same crap. It will never, never, never end. And you wonder why it is like this hostility that exists out there. Why people are just flying out of the day. Tell me, it never going to stop. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. That's it. You got it. And by the way, get that IR off your show, man. Do I have any? If you have any desire to survive. If you have any instinct to survive. Get that squeak mice or off the air. Got all mighty. Given, we have been taken hostage. I think what we ought to do is put out a call to the public to save us. This radio station has been taken hostage by our win bag. We need help. We are all, well, I have no question about that. That thought continues going through my mind. Especially since the beginning of the year, I keep thinking over and over. I need help. Yeah. So I keep thinking. Anyway, there you go. And that's the latest through Ha Ha in Dave County. There ain't no Ha Ha in about it. Man, nothing funny about that crap. They've all just stopped. All this crap about, you know, they just don't want to get it. You want it. You're so crazy about America than get with it. Get with what's left of it, which ain't much. I'm going to make sure the bush munched to put a proof of that. Plus this fat ass brother you're governor. Look at that poll, maybe 85. At one point before to show, we had 66. I just thought I mentioned that. Anybody see me? Oh, man, you have to know one. I hope not. No, no one. You bring that movie in for Tommy or is it Georgia going to do that? Georgia got it. Yeah, Georgia has it. Standing in the shadows are more times Tommy or like it. He's a music guy. He's a musician of sorts. Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician? That's our poll today. Man, colder with that big Adam's apple and that big apparatus. 321. She's got a big aspiratus. Tommy Cruz 185. Come on, Tommy. You're fairie. Come out. I hate this poll 100. Matt Fudge. She's got 97. You know, from the world famous Fudge before it. We're seeing a lot of Fudge it on there makes stuff up. Condoleseer 78. Mary Cheney 70. The daughter of your Nazi vice president, Mary Cheney. Charlie Christ, Christ 14 and Resolving 14 and Resolving that bald-headed fact. You know the one on TV all the time? You know who that is. No. Alice Rantel 14 and Mark Foley, Ms Foley, a Tommy's kind of representative of public in the Queen. She's got a dozen. The dirty dozen. Monkonoly even began to imagine. 88. That's what I was hoping for. I was stalling a little bit to 88. That's great. I see better than 66. I think he got like a two for 180 Christ for that. Any word on the food yet? No, no word. Why? Where's that word? Because you guys are probably going to be noon and the food isn't there. You're going to stir it a little bit nervous, sir. So that would be bad. Well you already got me nervous, you know. Reminding me that the whole Gary Sarner thing. Yeah, see anything Gary Sarner all I'm like in my nails. Usually it's, you know, it's an accident when you have it. Tommy knows that because Tommy of course does production. Although he probably never gives you any copy to record anyway, does he? It's some very seldom. He's copying it and he don't do no copy. He just takes whatever the agency sends him like out of pieces of sharm and any hands it. He has it along. That's it. Here you go. Make magic with this guy. And make sure it's kosher too. Somebody QAM hello. Wow, job is really good. Somebody QAM hello. QAM. That was the boyfriend. QAM hello. The one thing he does God. What is it? The Wayne Wayne. The Wayne. We're not a speaker language. You more. The Wayne in Spain falls mainly in the arena. Let's get with it. You idiot. Yeah, there you go. They're one hot. Look off of you. I said it one thing if they're white. My TV must be wrong bad. I think between Samsung, the LPP TV must be going bad. So they're going off. They got some plug for the main. So it's white hot heat. Now they're like white starters on the team, because I couldn't tell anybody else on the TV side, but the Wayne Wayne. Who's that? Well, the point guard Jason Williams. He's a fight boy. Jason Williams, that doesn't sound like a white named to me. Oh, they call him J will. So they got to make him feel welcome and they call him J will. They can blend. Yeah, I mean, J will won't. Yama. Yama. Yama. Well, I was you be speaking. Yama. Oh my God. What is this all about? Man, what are the Raptors thing so bad? It's 11. 13. I just thought I mentioned Raptor sucked Lisa. How do I start in the playoffs, by the way? Send me those panthers. We love the panthers. Why can't they see my pool tomorrow? Are you going to get all the stuff about that, but I'm going to have to tell you. Maybe a little teaser? No. I think you're self-cruising the waters of this game. They have sunset. The Miami skyline off the bow, Miami beach behind you. And that'll win those what else behind you. The way to you don't own a boat, that may be the best news of all. Call Club Medical right now rent one, 1-800 boat rent. That's the number to call. The new Club Medical on South Beach and keep this game. They've got top of the line. C-Ray boats ready to rent. I mean, like right now, Pronto, Tonto. Exonerating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you. And these are C-rays. The Mercedes of boats call 1-800 boat rent and come not a couple. We'll get you hooked up. Join the Club of Club Medical and save even more. Vote rental after boat rental. They do all the work for you. No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance, no cleaning up when you're done. No hassles, lots, so ever. Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to choose the new Club Medical and South Beach and keep this game. This is the smart way to go. That hassle freeway. Call 1-800 boat rent right now. You could be out there having a great time as soon as this weekend. Club Medical, they said to stand it down the seas. Call them two day and 1-800 boat rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 15. 8. Double L. 2. 2. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. I. Moh發 to David and this is a way of... While, there are my last little, fantastic gold... I mean an a-, tasteement... Now for starters, I believe my philosophy, Ben, was a little cute, lovely! A Only a timeshope! A good Garden of sight. So, I basically have the thrill of my teeth and of his bones. I wonder why a symbol of happiness and fidelity? Intendial? I leave this band of bitzer trusts. Which I can assure you, you have no coo-eat. And at least my hand designed it to pay easy. Then I did a little chicken-like breasted. And for limo, I want a stretch hummer that will last. Somehow that's appropriate. Yeah. I, uh, just think still on. I also wish to lie in repose at Spookins with a penalistic stance. Oh, I... That's good enough now. That's a verbiase of ladies. 11.19 at 5.60. Well, we're certainly... Don't do it today. And a year and a year and a half. Really? Okay, this is a bulletin. Okay, I'm ready. Is the food there yet? Yeah. Oh. Got an email. Guess who it's from? Sully three days later. He's a little slow. Oh, probably. Will Joe Bell action? Little Joe. He says, don't jump on my account. It would make me feel bad. You know that jolly, jolly, jolly doesn't like to feel bad. I sent him my own reply, which I won't read right now. You couldn't imagine what it is. But I'm sure we'll have that he finds it all very amusing. And you know, at this point, who cares? If he don't care, we don't care. Just keep the text coming. 20 past 11 at 5.60WQA. We're going to take a thousand calls between now and two. We're going to have a thousand votes on the pull by noon. Oh, all? Look at that. Police, with the warrant, don't have to knock says the Supreme Court. I'll be like that. We're not. Knocks three times. You can throw that one out. That was 20 Orlando and Don anyway. Hate them. Look at that. That the Supreme Court is picking up today. Terran, thank you, Carol. Wow. Everyone's so from raids available. You will not knocking. Just pound that knock that door down. Bang down the door. Right. Biggest stop always going to be coming to your door. About three o'clock in the morning. Won't be, uh, what's his name? Hover your swars. Like he used to be. It is bathrobe. Ask him for your vote. 912 votes on the pull. I think we'll make a pretty damn close to that thousand by the top there. Maybe not. Am I dreaming? Graham important to us. Okay, just keep that in mind. Let's see if this audience comes to like they usually do. Okay. I don't know why it's important to you. Yeah, like they usually do. What do you mean by that? They don't? I'm a pole. They don't come through. Yeah, I mean the thousand votes is, uh, a thousand votes is kind of given. So, I mean, you know, if we're... I knew him? No, you're right. Okay. This is the 15th of June rhymes with noon and Kakamoon. Uh, there's nobody there. Don't you understand? There's nobody around. Only the most desperate and people who must be there like you guys. People, you know, just don't have a luxury of like taking off for weeks and months at a time like some of us very soon. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Do you remember the couple years ago that they were in the summer, uh, the summer season and George was really a beacon to the show and they were in the station of the onions to call you to do it and then the beener boy had time to do it and there was a total disaster. No. You don't remember that there was almost no disaster. No, there's nothing that ever happened. I don't recall that ever happened. You guys, you haven't even broke a Brian made like a skit making fun of it after it happened. Yeah. You don't remember that. Very show, but it wasn't because George was sick. It was like the fourth of July or something, but it was like some holiday and he did just played comedy, but it's all day. I couldn't afford it because George was sick and I was on a regular break because I was at work. I don't think so. Anyway, I just, you don't have that. First of all, you think that they were, I was going to come in because listen, I worked Tuesday and Thursday in the summertime. We're in the storm. We're in the storm. We're in the storm. And no one had to go to the car. You know, and that's why it was a disaster. There's no one even had to go to the car. You and see what you would do it. All the answer would be no. Anyway, how did Josh do it? Did he get happened? How did one? I would Josh do it. That same thing happened. He would go exactly the same thing. He'd play the rack. Exactly what he would do. Am I right, Josh? I'd play Hello Comedy. I had a lot of comedy, but this is what he would do. And he ain't interested. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6 to need Verizon and singular wireless line. One thing I forgot to say that last call. You're fairy. Wony Q, I am. Hello. Kenny Maldon touched me in a dirty place. Look, I said I love the calls. Oh, see, there you go. That was great. I think it was the room closet. They wouldn't clean that baby out in long time. That was the really place. Oh, mate, that was good. Nine, I've been some odd votes here. It's pretty odd. I think we're playing this now like it's too a clock. Because once that lunch comes in, you guys aren't going to be paying attention. This you're going to have bigger fish to fry. You're the one who said you got that big. I do have a big pile. I don't need that you guys. In fact, the other day, I told me a long time ago, we shouldn't need three people in there. Do this show. You do it. You're a insurance. You don't need anybody. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a Ryzen singular wireless line. The cause is keep on getting better and better and better. And the emails, I like to say, this is a laid reactionary. You know, if I when I read it at first, I didn't even know what he was talking about. Because I forgot what I had sent them like several days ago. But he's a very busy guy. He's got all those meetings with a big ol' rock solid. He's talking about the Spanish sports format. WCWAM Spanish sports. Neil? Yes, sir. They are. They're talking about the Bible created the world in seven days. But if you read the Bible, it's actually so six days. Right. On the seventh day, the good Lord rested. That's correct. But on the seventh day, he rested. That's why we celebrate the Sabbath man. That's why you people have the Sabbath. Yeah, but he said, I created it in seven days in the sketch. Yes. How about you? I'm assuming, would you like to see the guy that made the sketch? The sketch was actually very funny, isn't it? The fact I'm just playing just because I'm so aggravated with your ass. Now let's see, which disc is it on? I don't know. I don't know which one I got in here. Let's not it. Although I do like that. Maybe this is it. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job. Mr. Guy, Mr. Thanks, Bush. You could come to work with us smile on your face. As you pay three dollars in seventy-eight cents a gallon. And adjust the plastic Jesus on your deathfall. Ha ha! Bush is approval ratings are at an all-time low. But you don't care. You're a red stator. And broke back Mountain never played a fever near you. Don't want trouble, either. There's no such thing as global warming. Those sinners and New Orleans cup of day deserve. And yes, the earth was created in seven days. So tell me that it's ever a new shower. The war in Iraq is a noble fight. And by Gale, one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction. Ha! So we salute you. Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job. You're a task-lessing SUV. You're two-point-to-children and you're a ignorance. You are a ring of American A-hole. 26 after 11, don't forget not only he created the earth in six or seven days or maybe we can have. But also he made the sun and the stars also. Praise the load. Yeah. He made the grant not actually that the sun and the stars. He made the greater light to rule the day. And the lesser light to rule the night. Jesus Christ. And he made the stars also. This is all from Genesis. On the first page of the Bible, all you kids out there, we didn't Then you'll laugh your eyes off and throw them the toilet. And so it was written. And so it is written and it's correct. He made the stars also. Of course the fact that the sun is a star. Those a shluckers back then who wrote this crap. They had no way to know that. So obviously there was nothing godly inspired or Divinely inspired by Andy's ramblings. And the meantime we've got all these scholarly people debating about this tablet. And this document. Oh, Jesus. Give me a break. And you wonder why people take drugs? No, I have a summer. Have you heard me? No, I don't wonder. Oh, I don't either. The summer season is passed in protein, which means it must be close to Father's Day and guess what it's only a couple days away. The sun is you and 18. We all know what dads love to do on the big day. And they also like to eat. This is a time called the Melody Body. Make a real special day for Father's Day. Melody taught us a fondue restaurant. Additionally, their famous cheese and chocolates. They serve up serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours. Party on to raise some Senate cut filet, menion, to black and shrimp, Teriyaki, sirloin, pork, lobster, and more. The Melody Pot definitely serve serious food for serious appetites. Take it from me. Nobody leaves the Melody Pot hungry. They have an award-winning wine list to boot. And don't forget their famous desserts, man. That has never had anything like this. I guarantee you. You're in heat to put a smile on that's face. So make that called the invite to add a dip into something different. Andy Liches at the Melody Pot restaurant near you a full four-course feast. A real gift for dad from you. Don't forget to tell them that meal sent you by what you call the Melody Pot for reservations for Bob's day in. Kendall, Cooper City, North Miami Beach, Boca, Fort Lovardale, and most prestigious choral spring. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. The Melio. Two. Two. A. A. A. A. And now the producers of American Idol brainstorm guests performers for the finale. Let's see. We need people that... Everyone's forgotten about the metz song. Yeah. How about the on-wallwit. Excellent! Okay. How about someone who's really hard to look at in that pit really seeing anymore. Now we probably need someone who no one cares about anymore and someone who's really overrated I've got Tony Brass and a Mary Jane Bloss Great and make sure David has so hot for sin the crowd Great suggestion. Okay, and now we probably need someone really old that no one young Who watches our show knows who they are? Hope on Bert Bakkerack perfect. This is gonna be the best American. I don't for now. We ever Can't wait love 32 28 to noon is five six thing course not on the mac and match up to Taylor Hey Taylor. You fairer. I beg your pardon. Oh, I got no opinion on that. I ain't I seen him on TV I'd never watched that show, but I seen him. You know, I'm so proud to say I've never seen one second of American I don't know I haven't either. I don't even know when it's on. I don't know where it's on when it's on at a one-on-on I don't want it. I'm 131 folks. I'm gonna make that thousand by noon the way these people are going What I tell you they usually come true for us, but not today not today We want a thousand by noon not just a thousand by two any schmuck and do that nine thirty five They're starting to come in and chunks now little they're spitting out little chunks Speaking about how's the lunch coming? That's what I'm saying. I don't want to get your nervous but just keep saying to yourself Gary Sarner Gary Sarner just keep repeating that yourself and you start getting real hungry WQAM hello QAM You know I'm one thing I have decided though you know after the email I'm not I'm not responding. I'm just like he I'm just gonna ignore him like I said yesterday I'm gonna we'll succeed in spite of them. I'm gonna show up every day that I'm supposed to when that's him We're just ignore them. Nobody has struck the norm. I don't waste your time with any more these silly ass meetings to so that they can tell you Well, you know, Joyce is calling all the shots and we got a really worried about Joyce and yeah No, I'll gotta keep their job. We know just restating the obvious in gladhanting and pumping everybody's hand A pump this 560560 pound five 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line Let's see that's right in line with his personality. You know, there's everything's a big Right that email No more consistently. I don't even need to respond. It's a rhetorical question. I won't get your ass and hot water although it might help those roads WQAM hello QAM WQAM hello Wow since Tommy starts screaming. They got a lot better. You know what I said? Yeah, so many QAM hello Sports hole Hello, yeah, what's called on? What do you got for us, pal? That's a sports hole crap. Well, call us part of the sports shows. Okay, we need your sports hole crap 560560 probably about and Ira I wonder if Ira is his icy sleeve to the heat games of the playoff games You think oh, yeah I already got an icy patch on his back them Come to QAM hello QAM for their slow to their Wow, there are there all over the place. Yeah, how are you Neil? Okay? Have a quick question for you Here the well travel man Thinking of growing my wife wants to go to Amsterdam. Yeah, everything is a true. Yes people speak English there. Oh, yeah Okay, I mean, cuz I went to we palia two years back. No, no different difference. There aren't there many English speaking people Although, yeah, and then no people are these people that's afraid to go places because We're not listening English cousin in Italy and Turkey's sitting in the reputation that this country has a broad these days No, you know, what you do you know what you do? I'm kidding no matter where you go you say how's it going? Hey That's right. They know you Canadian right that's what that's what I do I can walk around at night without having any problems in We're actually what Amsterdam. Oh, yeah, okay Just don't go behind the train station behind the state of central station. That's not a good area Okay, I'm not too late and Okay, and don't carry a wallet. You know, but I'm sure you know that point. I never do I never do and you know Just pass board in money in the front pocket right very deep in your pants and your money too Okay, okay, okay, I have a great time I'll split the way it's okay. You know as long as there's a lot of tourists there Which I'm sure there will be all summer long. I'm not gonna be packed in Berlin. Why why do I want to go there during World Cup? It's gonna be packed with people from all over the world, you know? Gonna be just amazing next week. It'll be pretty damn hot to in the 80s. Okay, it's perfect 567 how we doing on that pole making a little bit of progress here They started to come in chunks and clutch 945. Oh, I think I don't know This is gonna be really touching go touch and go that's what Ken Maldon said touch and go I'm seriously stop to think about it. Oh, 1952. We're gonna do it Some of these calls we've had this week are so There'd be on even our Maya buttons in this crime, aren't they? They're just surreal. It's how good they are Yeah, I would agree with that and let's face it in the summertime You know Jerry Williams told me this years ago before he croaked before he realized a lot of Sabos They've been back in and it is career just like Joe Bell's trying to do to me But he told me a long time ago when he came down to WS News there for a year and a half a while And he says, you know, it's 89 degrees 100 degrees in the summertime people are like They don't want to hear word war three. They don't like it all whipped up about issues and about serious stuff They want to have a few yucks because it's already so hot and humid and depressing And they want to go to yuck is all they want like just a little little chuckle like that there you go Yeah, he was right. Well, we had some I mean granted our demographics were older than death But boy you that he was there and I was there and who else was there Alice and wish near a WS News We had a book man. We had numbers that were to humongous gigantic huge And night life from eight to midnight I had like 11 and 12 shares and that was that was 12 plus Although most of more luck I said older than my father was his grandpa, but nevertheless Of course now we got the same number here on this station. The only problem is the decimal points in different spots W to Q a M hello. It's in front of the one Q a M Don't tell me a dead line. That would be a bad move on their part Q a M hello W to Q a M hello Q No M In the old issue money on this week entire or Phil Oh How about your mama W Q a M hello M Yes, yes, yes, man Hi, I just want to lay him down. He's the greatest and yes, he does I'm winning listeners. Okay, I'll be sure pass it along You're talking right now You're the greatest oh my god. Yes, here's the greatest this time. My mommy from home says yes I am oh my god Okay, if it wasn't for my husband I would have never began talk radio That'd be happy father's day today Yes, I'm sorry to you. Let's great. Okay, you have a great day You too sweet. Bye bye Okay, go back there. He goes shamed back to bed. We go Now if they said the Bible So he checked the bed we go that's what ours is I'm hearing some rumors about that too. He heard those rumors about I mean I think he Got all that cloud What is that mean Just making a joke. Oh, now I'm not really sure because I don't I don't know what that's all about that cloud I do know as I wish they'll get it over there already one way or they'll just get out with some important stuff He said that crap. Oh give me the ball give me the ball. I just I just don't care I just refuse to care and I have no interest. I will love the score though I will say that I'll find out the score even from like outland ring around I'll go on my blackberry and check out that score 961 votes. Oh better refresh that. I might be like 970. It's gonna be very very tight really tight How do I house Susan Gray doing? 961 votes. We got 20 minutes for 39. It's just just about two a minute That means like one vote every about 30 seconds now if we can't handle that right here in the middle of the daytime We might as well shut the baby off just I'm gonna tell you if we don't make the sounds of my noon My I'm authorizing you right now to go into where would the transmitter room and just shut it off. I will leave right after I get my steak. Where's the food? Yeah, keep making those two words baby three words Gary Sarner kosher. Keep those two words in mind with lightning quiz speeds latest features and security Comcast high speed or net leaves DSL in the dust call today get the best offer the year at Comcast high speed internet for just 24.95 a month for your first six months Plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast eight-meg premium speed tier free with an always on connections speed About the eight megabits per second Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up Whether you're downloading music watching screenening video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites Comcast reliable fast connects means to be fly through the internet Plus when you sign up for Comcast high oh, it gets whatever happened this morning We were supposed to like a fire alarm between 10 30 11 is more never happened Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to free features like Video mail Comcast raps city radio plus and up to seven personally email accounts just to be name in a few not only That but you also give free mac and PC-coding tools included so you can rest assured that you're in an experiences Always safe and secure and any will save things over a hundred bucks for the security alone So what do you wait and for start doing more faster than ever before Son up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months and date call three or five Comcast or in Broward 944 Comcast call for details today certain restrictions apply Where the month was going to hang from trees and play van jolt you got some full All station on new vandal crazy holes now as north care alive and goes Rally's a big city at home, and that's where the bees These had to go for y'all a Riley Joe On Oege and You do what he can Shake your hand like a friend and quickly walk away That's really they had jolt go to five six oh with ratings in the toilet home to get those Play me for full mows and order and control and then so go and roll and go about You learn and in the know he must move go and here's what blows if go He's so jojo jojo jojo jojo You make a big change and Reason it's worth of the same he hasn't done a thing or goes Oh Joe don't have a stink and A poor Not that is actually most poor old radio But you end of Five six oh Darling Riley Joe It's a lot of 47 I just made up my mind right because I was going to send a little PS again I might email I'm all through that's it no more emails no more phone calls no more meetings I can't either jojo just just have a great life You know while I want you to waste your time where there's no sense there's no feeling okay Plus he's already got his consultant rock solid 979 votes I bet you're probably fresh or we're like 980 or something 982 okay we got 12 minutes for 18 votes now if we can't do that Huh if we don't make the 1000 by the way I'm calling Gary Sarner during the annune break and making sure we cancel that lunch Send him an email who Gary Sarner Yeah You can't wait about an actually or what no no yeah you are no no you got me a little worried there But I'm yeah, but just getting really a ping in his pants getting nervous about that probably didn't eat all day yesterday working on that That's that's what I used to do every time I find eating Ruth Chris all I'm usually not lunch time but for dinner You go through the whole day and basically eat almost nothing and then you pick out when you go there Why of weed on courthorco at courthouse lawn eliminated Sioux Falls South Dakota after reporters pointed out that wild marijuana come in the called ditch weed Was growing on the lawn to the federal courthouse and Sioux Falls the green we was limited. I never heard a ditch weed I'm sure Tommy did it crappy read probably pretty cheap though. Yeah, that's what George sells on a weekends City officials at the developer said seeds endured broadened for construction must have sprouted KSFY and Sioux Falls TV had it tested to be sure it was ditch weed and brought it to the attention of federal officials last week Nobody wanted to comment oh and then that's something productive I go to show you how many of setting things are going on in Sioux Falls South Dakota the TV station had it tested And they brought it to the attention of federal officials low grade wild marijuana was initially grown as hem to make rope in World War II But it contains a small amount of the ingredient that makes marijuana smokers high Congress made it illegal in 1970 grow any form of the marriage of when you plant Except a curse a QA where we need it bad take away the pain five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line WQA M hello Well once a day is more than enough otherwise you come to your house very week line nine This is Josh's favorite QA M any line yes sir I wanted to say about the boy yesterday about the god thing I was wondering what you put for what's the best evidence that there is no god Joe Bell really yeah I put the lensing for you know when it's done dies and so what's the name of the book Yeah, I thought the land down also the and the culture the culture is proof there is no guy Right that's it. I want to see what the party wants the ball McCartney's birthday Yeah, I wonder who wrote that was like one of your writers is just someone who sent it on our writers You mean one of our big staff members on these. Oh come on now. Well someone I mean you know someone for you or that you're someone who you know Called in it. Oh, no, and actually that one is KJ. That's our guy that is one of our people KJ. Oh, that's some of our That was great. I don't want to say that was the greatest. Well, who are comes? I don't know how to go. Now you are older. You still have your hand and your odd-style brow I maybe was sitting up with ever your wife. It's another day in my life. Last year your age was 63 Time to let one go. Yes, that's have a party for Puma Cartney Now he's 64 I'm dying out of here We're all the two I'd like to say these words Happy birthday to you You and the Beatles want to make news John and George are gone Tortured and sit on the choppy didn't survive Good old wringo. He's in the line. Watch who up for sticking some weeds In Japan on tour The wife doesn't need you. The lawyers will believe you I'm not going to get nervous but if you're me if I'm sitting where you're Why keep reminding me? Listen, I'm just telling you because my express is very Gary's son or at least he's been consistent there. There's never been a good one. They've always been bad. Always. Everyone has been like, you know, I know he does walk around There were a big bright smile on his face but never less everything he always pedals and always Crap, you know, but that doesn't mean the food is going to show up because Ruth Christy and all they love me and they love everybody We love them. We love me even more if they do show up with that food. All of you know, steak doesn't travel really well. I don't think Does it? I'm sure it'll be just fun. Probably a new kitten in that nice microwave They're phone my list news that I would be just like a little refrigerator. We got from our list news at I would be Well those are the days. I don't want to live in the past but those were the days nine hundred ninety five Oh, so if I were to fresher we might have that thousand already right now that would be a real feather in our pile. I'll say that if you ever find a feather in your pile I would go out there and look on the door to see if that chicken got away nine ninety six See their twin with us now. They're like timing nine ninety seven One by one. Wow, you know as opposed to the usual when they come in and just but I'm trying to tend there's nobody don't you understand There is nobody around the stomach here. Why do you think I get out of here in the summertime? You only see that what will full it will full of the old people that come down here, you know, because it's hot now Yeah, well, you think they're going to be connoisseur. But you think the old people are getting out their personal computers and Reporting on our pull on the roger's.com 998 that's pretty great 2 mole 2 mole is all we need Who do you think is the most suffering in case of Liberty or politics next to the whole question and coders 155 man Porter with a gigantic atom's apple she's got a big one Tom Cruise 195. Hey Tommy. You fairies. I hate this pull on 16 Matt. She's got 102 miss fudge from the a lot of fun to report. Kind of leisure 88. Oh god, what a thought. Who'd have would touch that? Even Ken Maldon wouldn't touch her. Mary Cheney, even in a nice place, Mary Cheney 81, what a dike. Alice Rand tells 16, self-hating queen, 16. Mark fully 15. Charlie Christ your next Republican governor 15. And Andrew Sullivan on the bottom 14, and he's used to it only the first time. 9.098, he refers to it and if I came up to a thousandth tree. Oh my god, and you were saying, oh they do, they do. Forget you see, you confused the listening audience with the colors. You've got to get over that. If I were to get the colors or what the listening audience were, I'd have blown my brains out a long time ago before I met your bell. I never knew. I'm never going to meet him. By the way, you know that lunch show, forget about that too. I don't do lunches. I'm going to have a little lunch with Jolly Rally Joe. Yeah, Jolly Rally Joe, he when he emailed me, which started my email responses about Monday, whenever was, oh yeah, I hope you have a good find. Some are sure you're somewhere scheduled. And hopefully you can still meet when you come down here to summer because I'm going to be there for a few days. You know, to keep my legal life, everything kosher and everything. And they can do a little doctoring and go get my blood. No, do the usual stuff you do. But I'm already booked up. Sorry Joe, I'm not going to have time for that lunch. Oh, the phone is ringing. I bet there's like a package downstairs. Is that exciting or what? Are you expecting? I'd expect it. Am I expecting? Yeah, as a matter of fact, I think it's a little girl. Let's see, we have a live in this, oh yeah, we do. Well, I just got to check because we got some of the new copycum of the next couple of hours. In 1156, four minutes till noon, we got a guilty of two and a half weeks. The staff notice going to get all whipped up. That big game tonight, baby. Shack and the Wayne in Spain falls mainly with the Wayne. And it's bigger than the Wayne in a while. The Wayne brings termites. That's why I termite season at hurricane season. They're basically simultaneous. If you think you might have termites in your house, you've met a call, written test controlled a for your feet, termite inspection, rid it uses that amazing orange or old treatment that goes for my and the regs 100% on contact. They're on faster than you can say. Hey, the jersey Joe is a ameniac. And that what this name is jersey Joe? Well, caught. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to say goodbye to them. You don't have to take your house. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out or staying in hotels or motels. No worrying about food or pests in your health. Because at rid it pest control, they treat your home with a amazing orange or old. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when did I'm treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you have a termite problem call, rid it pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange or old treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact. No tending, no kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection, 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-448. Be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck told you to call 1-800-447-4348-48. This is real Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. This is Dick Jamie. I like to relax, I have a mare Magdalena massage my balls while listening to the Rogers 12-1 hour moving to the head. Oh, you can tell your fans, you don't like egg-a-man, if they have some requests you just say no. And then tell them a can, to tell them management, you want to go, but in this it's like you're so, you're around from tendons too and when you're shift this through, tell George you can relax and talk some more. And then go tell Joel Bell, that he can go to hell, even almost makes you a disgraceful. Huh? But don't play a part, let's sound of a part, I don't think George would understand. But if you play a part, the sound of a part, you'll be in trouble with the piece we planned. Oh my god. Oh! Joel. Joel, play a part. You're fair. Probably two at five, six to you. WQM, how's that food coming? Well, it's definitely, I'm pretty sure it's coming because I just saw Gary Saurin, the O.T. room. And he confirmed, you saw Gary Saurin in the tea room, was it kosher? I didn't have to. Put a little lemon in it. Nothing like a nice cup of tea. Anyway, there's a package downstairs. I wouldn't be surprised if that's my, my iPad docking station. Ooh, my logic tech, iPad docking is, oh, sorry, Gary. Documents suggest army line about chanie involvement in Haliburton contract. This just in from Ross Droid, this could be like a real blockbuster, although at this point, you know, after seeing what happened with a Carl Roath thing, it just gives up hope. These people can basically be whatever it really is. New documents obtained by a conservative watchdog groups suggest that the US Army Corps of Engineers may have publicly lied regarding the involvement of the vice president's office and awarding a 2003 multivillion dollar no bid contract, the Kellogg Brown and Route a subsidiary of Haliburton Ross Droid's learned. Ross Droid's obtained a copy of the new documents which were acquired by government watchdog judicial watch under the Freedom of Information Act. The core could not be immediately reached for comment. Among the 100 pages of newly obtained documents is a 2003 email in which Carol Sanders and the Army Corps writes, Mr. Robert Anderson chief counsel, USACE participated in a 60 minutes interview today in New Yorker year in the sole source of order the oral response contract to Kellogg Brown and Route. Anderson was able to make many of the points we had planned. Sanders subsequently provided soundbites from the interview, including there was no contact whatsoever where the vice president's office. And then it's got copy of the original message. Carol, many thanks for foreading with me. I was on travel yesterday, not have the occasion to use the telephone to track down the right person. So I forwarded your message as to Dana Ferrino, a communications director for a CEQ. He invited the CEQ to Jennifer Miller-Wise when my presumers associated with the vice president, Cheney. A few soundbites. There is much more bland. Truth is much more bland. So much more uninteresting. I can't read the rest of it. It's blocked out. This directly contradicts another email on Trevor Bible due to his watch in 2004. That email dated March of 2003 was sent by an official the Army Corps whose name was redacted. It stated we anticipate no issue with the KBR deal since the essence has been coordinated with the vice president's office. The Army had earlier refused to hand over the documents, U.S. District Court Judge Ricardo or Bina released him after the group sued. Arguingly, we're being improperly exempted from the Freedom of Information Act. Nobody rushed President Cheney's prior relationship to Aliburton. Dilly Shawal, while watch filed its Freedom of Information request to obtain documents pertaining to the lucrative no big contract. The vice president's associations with Aliburton raised concerns about the appearance of a conflict of interest or favoritism. News from watch said, especially since the contract was awarded a Kellogg Brown route without a bidding process. Because the contract was not announced to the public to life was approved. U.S. District Judicial Court Judge had to get personally involved and look at these documents in private before they could release a usual watch employed told raw story. And what the judge said when he saw them was, turn them over the staffer, and they were using the Freedom of Information Act process, embarrassment is not sufficient cause for exemption. The Cheney contradiction is not the only cause for embarrassment in the documents. One email for example, foods are frank admission by an Army Corps of Engineer official. It says, I'm coughing you on this craft since I honestly believe the competitive procurement will never happen. Hey, like that. Your vice president's a court. Is that a surprise? No. Now, the shot? No. How's that food coming? So, literally, you cornered Gary C. Osardner in the T-Rollman. He said, what? I said, hey, you know, we've been busking your shops today on the air because, you know, just meals make a meal. We'll nervous. Just wanted to double check. Make sure that's out. You said, I'll pay attention to that meal. That piece of crap. Actually, he said, yeah. Oh, he got a little hasty. He's like, oh, it's going to be there, you know, what you said it noon. So it's seven minutes past. By my mind. He said it's going to be there in noon. Yeah. Yeah. It's seven minutes past noon. I'm out of here. Don't worry. Gary always goes for a little. Oh, Gary always comes through. Oh, my God. Let's put him on from two to four. With material like that. Gary always comes through. Wow. 238 votes on our full man. We are really kicking some big fat UCS. I'll tell you that right now. I was going to like go because I got some very important stuff. I got to save the world of day. I have to make my point of rounds like Howard Beale said no. Remember that he was walking in the rain and that's a trench coat. Might have been passed out. And the, at that part, the elevator guys is more of a misdebrial. And I have to make my witness. Remember that he's like soaked the been walking in the room with I knew or whatever that. And that was good. Tommy never saw that work. Now if you were a good guy, I think Tommy would like that. Because I don't think he falls sleep during it. Unless he was smoking too much of that. Ragweed. CBS is told the FCC is contesting the 3.3 million dollar fine levied earlier this year for an episode of Without a Trace because the complaints came via an email form, form letter from Conservative Organizations and email form letter. CBS affiliate filed a motion earlier this week with the FCC to formally protest the funds according to the Hollywood Reporter. The challenge carries implications across all media formats on the FCC jurisdiction, including radio. As many of today's complaints are written by advocacy group form letters. The stations say that the 4200 11 complaints over the show were entirely from the websites of the well known advocacy groups, the parents television counsel and the anxious American family association. The CBS affiliate say that the FCC requires a complaint to come from actual viewers and the stations market for action to be taken and therefore the fine should be overturned. There were no true complaints from actual viewers these stations said. From Indian force, the reliance on a uniform national mass email campaign is akin to simply implementing the commission to single out programming into slice even the absence of any viewer complaint and the target that programming for punishments said the CBS affiliates in their letter. The commission wisely has a stewed playing the role of roving enforcer of indecency policy in the past and it should continue to do so here. Parents television counsel, the anxious, the obnoxious, Elbrent Bozell said the adweek in response, everything the parent tell the council is accurate. Every complaint filed comes from a United States citizen who last I heard had the constitutional provost to position his government rather than the stupid legal maneuvers CBS and Viacom should spend time pondering while it's wrong to broadcast scenes of teen orgies and front of millions of children. What time are those teen orgies on unless the misdolls? Man, when do we get to see that? Two to four. Wow. That's it. Let's get the audio from teen orgies on from two to four. All right. Back we get it. Huh? I said, all right. You're a team of retail out of that. I'm sure. I hope we on two to four again today is if there's any shock. I've gone four to six to three including that panel. He's got the Larry King panel on. If I think we're going to be talking about that chicken of Rubah, Natalie Holloway and also the cool minor, you know, the survivor? You know, that guy looks like a lady to me. I don't want to pee on his parade because he went through a hell of an ordeal. And I was the very sad story, but you know, that one guy that survived and they keep slept and we was on there again this month. He looks like a lady. Yeah, a little bit. It does. I said, one thing, it was more like more of a lady than man, colder. I agree with that. It doesn't end 41 votes on a pool and Gary Sarnas says, have no fear because the full will suit be here. Are you buying it? Are you believing it? I will buy it. I'm an idiot. Maybe Gary has the rabbi waiting at the door to make sure he probably has to kosher well before it comes in the studio and make sure that there's like nothing trafe in there. Because like, for example, if they brought to the Ruth crisis, no, one of the things that they have is really great is the French onion soup, you know, the thickly or a cheese on it. Well, if he had to. Huh? I said, oh yeah, who doesn't? I think brought that in with a steak. That would be as trafe as it gets, you know, cheese. It would meet all my gun. All I could say is, oh, you guys have burned in hell for sure then. I think you're already probably will, but that would sense it. So Gary is probably koshering the meal before they bring it in. Do you want to kill a M? Kill a M? Yes sir. Can you string together some time and rock blind with freight out? Now, let me ask you something. Did you see Hammond Roth and the movie you got father to? Sir? Yeah. Are you capable of hanging camera? Sir? You just called every time and asked for some stupid crap. You remember when he was going to? I'm saying. Okay good. Yeah, play that. Okay. There it was. That was something to rock. So I can't do it as well as I did yesterday because I'm basically over that. I think I was the same. I think it sounds the same. No, it does not. I can feel it in my nasal passages. Okay. You said that your nasal drip going? No, not really. That's what I was just saying. Don't think you brought it. It brings a little bit of my side. I'm like, so would you. Well, yeah. Well, I mean, tell you something. My friend. 560, 50560, palm 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. We are really intense with table. I'm pretty sure we're going to start doing our sports shows in Espanol and the Big O Rock Solid on 24-7 with a bunch of beenors. See this? But if you weigh in, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? I'm the gentleman you spoke to yesterday about. Okay, go with. Don't call me again. Wait, that was the the geezer from the track. That was the guy. That was old Leicester. Mr. Greenfield. Chester and a molester. How many QAM? Hello. I think that was the guy with a dog. When the golden retriever? Yeah. QAM. So sorry for that dog. QAM. Hello. I knew God. How are you sir? Okay, sir. Say, now you were talking about Condoleezza Rice and she's an unusual woman. To me, sometimes she looks just absolutely repulsive. And then other times she looks like really hot. And other times. You mean like when you're stolen, but you're like staggering. You can barely make it directly in. In the dick we'd yes sir. But then sometimes she looks like a Colombian Marty Cohen to me. I was just wondering if it ever looked that way to you. Yes. What did he say there? He said something. He said go check. I think I think it was. Oh, you didn't mess with that. I mean, I actually did not. Oh, me. That's okay. He was talking about that weed and the soup falls. Right. 147 votes on the pool. Well, you don't have to be extra cautious now because we got Joe going to bat for us with Joyce, you know. So knowing that in advance, 12 13 is 5 60 WQAM. That's what'll be there any second man. I'm going to tell you what actually it's like. How is it working? Yeah. Just showed up now. Well, thank God. So see Gary did come through. Ruth Fertel, Reston P. She would be very proud of her people at Ruth Chris. She was great. I said, I thought it was the other day. It's true. I mean, phenomenal. The one here in the Hilton Hotel in Toronto. Right. It says, good as a guess. So now, and do you know what they have there? Or is this po-for-re? You know, I'll have a good report for you when we come back. I make sure that Gary has a koshered before we bring it in here because we don't want to see, I don't want you to be responsible for eating trif and burning in hell. I'm going to show if Gary isn't overseeing. I'm sure that he's overseeing it. He's not in here right now. So who knows? Well, who is in there? The Ruth Chris people in here? We've got a little chef in here. It's great. Excellent. Why am I jealous now? It's one of the very, very few times when a melty pake came in when that could stuff and now both these times and for a jealous. Oh, for me? For me? Hey, if you're a cigar smoke or like to keep back with a good premium brand, then be he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed in aged up to 10 years. Now, but he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold of flagship line, gets to 91 rating by cigar fish and outer cigar and cider, at a 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced, full-bodied nickel rock ones cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolates by some pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try their behavior to sail. This once the hottest release of Garble last 10 months and gets to high rating of 91 by cigar fish and outer cigar and cider magazine. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper, their finishes long and full-bodied with the visual spice and a note of charred wood. If you want to save a lot of money, man, if you want to get 40% off the price of all, you're being a cigars column toll-free and tell them that old meal robbers totally to call. He and their pants, column at 1-800-35-the-here, that's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is new Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. 2-2-8. This is like aDSR. Unless you think you were kidding yourself The people here are so silly This will blow up you I love this slur, so the pizza. I watch a pizza. I watch a pizza. I watch a pizza. I'll pick that pizza. I watch a pizza. I don't want to get in my pocket. I'm so sorry. I'm not a pizza. I'm not a pizza. 1220. It's a van with the thieves out there right now, man. You think you go nuts with the pizza? You're going to want to imagine what some nice juicy steaks. Yeah, he's coming in to rob this. He would. By the way, you're going to be a real jailer right now. Yeah. Yeah. Because we got the work. I mean, we got like the appetizer. We got like this little crab, teeny. It's like crab and a martini glass. Little salad and some sauce. Then we got the laze, tea bones. We got sweet potato casseroles and the top it off of the little creme brew. So, oh my god. We're just going to get fat here today. Wow. Well, you're right. Okay. See there you go. Tommy, that's for all your hard work this week. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. What about you, man? It's excellent. Of course it's excellent. It's Ruth Chris Man. When this isn't like some flat house down the street, this is Ruth Chris. It's as good as it gets. You can't touch their meat. Maybe can't molden's in the up to them. Maybe like can would like a little bit. See how many hosts we got out of poor 1,058. I guess you guys aren't sharing with anybody. How much did they bring in enough for like a whole bunch of people? Or just for you? Oh, hey. Good. Lock that door. Okay. From the inside. Put a thing across it so they can't come in there. Well, maybe Gary Sarner. No. I want to come in. Oh, sure. He got his own. Hey, he did come through. I will say that. So, uh, you're doing a good job. I told you to be going to the for you. We're going to Orthodox boy. They always come through a man. He isn't giving you any of rotten, uh, senses. You're a T of that. Now they bring that crept lost soup through. He's getting out that made at home. That's all here. Here's a blockbuster story from prison planet, a little bit radical on occasion, but nevertheless did Hillary Clinton attend the Bill of Berk Conference. So now we don't have to play this for the food anymore, but now. Oh, we are in this story. In New York, Senator and possible 2008 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton attend this past weekend, Bill of Berk meeting in Ottawa, Canada. Our inside sources coupled with what witnesses saw at the Brooksby hotel Strongness exists this to be the case. Oh, my God. On Saturday, the second day of the conference deal, a large Cadillac style armored limo zine with US diplomatic plates arrived at the Underground Parking Garage of the Brooksburg Street hotel, Festoon by police motorcycles and added security. This exercise to stop the fuse was not an evidence for other attendees such as David Rockefeller and Queen Beatrice arrived outside the front of the building and walked straight in. One of our sources spoke with a head of the hotel who informed him that Hillary Clinton had arrived to attend the Bill of Berk Conference, confirming the rumors we had previously heard. Clinton is a talented presidential candidate as is New York Governor George Kentucky who was reported by the New York sun was also an intense Anthem's Goldenberg meeting. Oh, my God. Bill of Berk has a provenance revacking in a kingmaker capacity, both Bill Clinton and Tony Blair, attended before becoming president and Prime Minister and the mainstream media reported that Bill of Berk selected John Edwards as Kerry's running mate in 2004. Clinton have attended Goldenberg on Saturday or where she elsewhere. Clinton's official website makes no mention of any engagements across the entire weekend. New York to Canada is a sure-half in vacay. While Clinton Saturday movements are ambiguous we know where she was on Tuesday, she was being roundly booed by her usually a sick-affended left-leaning audience as a campaign for America future conference. Clinton is a supporter of the Iraq invasion from day one was heckled and cat-called for again publicly backing the Bush administration's reluctance to withdraw troops from Iraq. So, it is Hillary. They billed over. See? I've always said that, you know, these people just don't show up out of the word work somewhere. Like, you know, like, termites. Yeah, listen, if you want to just keep reading story, you know? That's what I said. And now what I told you? What's the food arrived? You guys aren't going to be paying any attention to assuming that you would have in the first place to these ponders stories. But even the calls, you know, I'm still good calls though. 560, 560, pond 560 in the Verizon singer-Wrestler. I'm not curious what my package is on there. I'm always tempted to play that because it's pretty long. Which ones? The meal young? Good. Yeah, but I haven't even closed on yet. I want to do it yet. Yeah, that'd be a problem. I want to go down in the lobby with a close-on. People be swinging, man. They'd be two-kinder guts out. Down there in my box, you sure? It's always this high enough for that. Let me see what the temperature is here because I'm sure it's called a cash-in-overs, probably called it listening and taking notes. Let's see what it is, Pauli. It's all at 75 already. It was only supposed to be 77, but I think we're going to top that. It's only like, you know, 1230 and it's already 75. So I think I probably could handle it in my box, you sure? But I'll do that after the abbreak. How's that sound? That sound's great. I'm actually a man, so I forgot I made everything your life. Excuse me, I'm sorry. My bad. I got more food in front of me right now than I... The encarters got pills. Jesus. Even Jesus, you know, something a bitter encounter would have been... If Gary started with an invited care and carpenter for me like this, we could still be enjoying her dulls to a manly tones right now. Speaking of manly, who do you think is the most self-hating, gay celebrity or politician? 1554 votes, but that's impressive. On the 15th of June, wow. Man, colder. 380-87 for man. What a guy. Tommy Cruise 206, what a lady. I hate this poll on 24. Matt Fudge, she's got 103. Condolete, Condom Lisa 92. Mary Cheney, that nasty little like 87. Mark Foley, 17 Charlie Christ, 17. You're an ex-covener. Alice Rand tells 16 and you're Sullivan 15. In fact, if I refresh this, I bet you were like right on the edge of a 164. So you're going to be... We'll have over 100 by the end of this hour. So you just keep beating. Don't worry about 10. Okay. I think I'm trying to think of a clever way to do this. Something's here is... Well, whatever. Cause after the break, I'll play that thing. Now how long is that? A 509? Well, I can do that easy because I have all my clothes and even my shoes on by that time. And I'll be back here before you can say... This is Neil. You're right. It's a sanctuary side. Thanks for the gray 516. Jesus. Roger's got. Absolutely. I'll go to Procets from that corner side. Not much more than three crazy girls. I just wish you the criminal and the liar. As if you haven't known it's that people. Let's be honest. You're pretty. As if I said, I'm counting down the living. Look at all these kids on your face right. So clearly you can see like a cropped sandstone. But I haven't got to go back to my dad and dad for a year. So that man and my dad and my liar. I wrote my share of the stars here and there. For a shot we still have said I'd go that side. But I can't let you go for that shot from home. Let's be a home. It's like you're in my memories and made up. I go for a shot that I can't go with dad. If it's real good, I'll be your star with me now. I'll find you my no-com. That will be sad. I'll be your star with me now. Okay, that's pretty good. Let's be a dream to present and find. And we'll be in our country and to war. I'll be in our power that we've gained in. And we'll be in our country and to war. We'll be in our power that we've gained in our power. We'll win our share. We'll hide behind the doors. We'll be in our power that we've gained in. We'll be in our power that we've gained in. We'll be in our power that we've gained in. Let's be a dream to present and find. We'll be your star with me now. I'll be your star with me now. We'll be in our power that we've gained in. We'll be in our country and to war. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I don't know if it's for you. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to be a little bit more surprised. I'm going to give you this memory of home. Go hungry for two媽zmmables. Going to make a little and make a group of friends. I want to give you the kennt oven. I made breakfast after I left it like this. I will be geometr convex until they are whole. I feel soarım. But I will basically put the티 tree on theWest side for a little bit different. And this will look familiar as far as I need that. other disk and so get a show up a day early I thought it was going to be my thing my docking stay sorry what a disappointment because that would have a shut that thing up here and I'd be all out of breath as opposed to being like that all my clothes on even my shoes I'm ready to leave right now you know it's not a disappointment what's that this mistake and this sweet potato casserole it's a disappointment it's not a disappointment oh okay I was going to say yeah the answer is buddy this sweet potato casserole is like ridiculous it's so sweet it's like a dessert sweet well that's great let's get for all back get him on between two and four of us have known he just did they're in say sweet what do you say I think that that's an idea let's do it I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his two-fag there you go a former Department of Homeland Security press aid accused essentially praying on a detective posing online as a teenage girl told Felicia wasn't attracted to children but he had a explosive conversations as they kind of a power trip right like what's his name they're Gary Glitter was just doing research prosecutors released more than 300 pages of core records in the case against Brian J. Doel 56 who secured the title of the sex would be quote unquote child and sending photographic videos tour he resigned from his job after his arrest and played it not guilty this is a former Department of Homeland Security press aid the newly released documents include transcripts of alleged online chance and a few telephone calls between doel and poke out a sheriff detective posing as the fictitious girl named Ashillin or that Ashillin the material also includes a transcript of any of you with the detective's officer is arrested which doel told investigators that the discussions were fantasy for him and he's nine being sexually attracted to children with that ever intended to meet with a girl is very much about being in control and also yet in the safe distance where nobody's really there and they're in an arms like the way he told a detective the I know what it's what's in an arms like the way why he's on his computer door for in fact I'm sure that and court is going to door referred to the girl often is ash or cutie doing these conversations that's fantastic as harmless as pets and vacations to graphic this that a discussion is sex court court records door allegedly provided this government issued office phone and cell phone numbers showed off his department ID and they have used his official computer in the communications with the under-covered detective we thought was this young girl what there you go in fact I'm surprised we haven't seen him on date line yet well coming up next probably this coming week you know you look at the faces on these and the react almost every one of them it's the same thing you know the same thing I just love how they try to get out of it you know yeah I wasn't I was really glad you know I drove 75 miles just to come here like you know I have a chance one guy claim that you know all a 13 year old girl who's you know this bad I wanted to help her you know I wanted to give her some guidance right now was that the guy that brought the 12 pack and it's in all the other blues probably yeah hard lemonade that's good guidance maybe a little we said it was only the lemonade was the only thing that was at any rate it's 19 to one some anxiety guys who enjoy an fantastic meal thanks to that Gary Sarderman here's a guy yes check out the ales in here from Ruth's Chris prepared everything for us so thank you chef thanks to him and thanks to all our close personal pie zones of Ruth's Chris I've been raving about them for about 100 years I love Ruth's Chris and also for years I've been telling about a good friend's a Dalmatra's an intended call at one easy number 1800 mattress when the old mattress is lumpy and saggy and we're not you're not getting good match sleep no more Dalmatra's will deliver it within a two hour window that you pick when it's convenient for you when your fan ass is gonna be home they have knowledgeable bed and consultants and lots more and if you thought dialing one 800 mattress on the phone was easy check out mattress dot com on the wicked web shop on a web anytime they are night with product details prices and photos you can check out online or call the place your order and skip to the delivery it's factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during the so-called big sales plus Dalmatra's gives you 12 months financing too no off brands either Dalmatra's carries only the top and makers of mattress is including all the ones you love like silly and certain king coil Simmons tempered and even stirrens in foster here when you call one 800 mattress you do you see the crème brûlée there to the knife and responding I'm not adding here no that's okay see I do that in there because you said you had crème brûlée I was thinking about bananas fine actually diving into a right now oh boy why love that stuff when you call 1 800 mattress you little prices on the best goods to Dalmatra's rank number one the world of customer satisfaction I've used them for years and I guarantee I'll bet you everybody's life on it's especially Joe Bell that you will love him as well call 1 800 mattress right now they can you can be sitting like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 ma t t r e s leave off the last s because it stands for stupendous sensational saving this is Neil Rogers what solid this is 5 16 16 the money junior say you want to get married let me give you some advice if you want to be a hundred dollars you call life always make a choice you should never marry a true wish like a curse I can't take them anything girls it's true Sebean with Liverpool Playing Sarasmos playing celebrate Playing at the Malaysia I'm a fan of the world, I love you, you shouldn't have a battery at you. Oh, 48 and five, six to WCM, we got Gildi coming up. Very intensive, you can be sure that between two and four in a man dog with that panel of heat groupies. Our windbag and Eric Reed who talks to you as teeth and was going to be on there. 24 and 10 and maybe what's his name? Randy Pofon. Pat Riley. Pat Riley on there. Every heat fan is going to be on there. Shack is going to be on there. We're going to have a D-Wane. Wayne is not playing tonight, by the way. He got some bad news. Got a hair look. I mean, hair, hair trigger. And colder. What? That's what I'm here. That's where we're on. But no D-Wane. He went in Spain, both mainly on the... Let's see. The article about ankle, where you're going to get on our website. That was pretty good because I just sent it to you this morning. You must have been putting stories on this morning. How about that? Oh. In New Book, Colter, Kriv stem cell is from right to left group. And it's much too long for me to read and much too fond of this. But basically, as usual, she plagiarizes and steals and takes things out of contrast and twists them around and lies through a teeth. Because she's a hateful nasty cow. Is what she is. The cow is mine. So is anybody out there didn't see the excess of this new going to be bored this weekend? I go out there and get that new version of it, the DVD. The one where she goes down the stairs back where the hen spins around. Instead of piece of this time, she throws up tomato soup. It's beautiful. Like Jesus. I'm sorry. Come on, let's not cut it out. Jesus Christ. I mean, would she move them with Rick Springfields who was 15 years old with her mother's permission? Not just a little. Well, I guess after all she went through a net movie, I guess they kind of like matured her fast. You don't think you don't think 15's a little bit young. But young, he was 24. She was 15. That's pretty bad. Is it bad? That's really good. Well, who do you think is the most self-hitting gay celebrity or politician in such a full question? What are I telling you? Way before one o'clock, we got 11.04. Well, we are making some serious progress. We are picking up the audience back one at a time, one by one. You'll see by the end of the year, we'll be back up to like a two-share. And culture, man, culture's got 400 rows more. She dominates every negative to her pool. Who do you wish would die or would he death? And colder. Who do you think is the nastiest, sour and colder? Who should all get rid over by a Mac truck this afternoon before five o'clock? Man, colder. Who's the longest nastiest piece of right wing at any rate? Of the enjoyed bush. Tom Cruise, who's 17, you're not fooling anybody, Tom A. You're fairy. I hit this pull 132. Matt Fudge, she's got 105. But she didn't move, making much movement on here now. She's kind of like a stagnating. Condor Leeser has got 96. Mary Cheney's got 87. And we're talking about dikes. Charlie Quinn, and then after that, the others said they don't know. Charlie Christ, 18, Mark Foley, 17, Andrew Sullivan, 16, and poor Alice Randtell, only 16. Self-hating's screamer out of low notes, so. Take a bunch of calls now, now that you guys have eaten, and I just got to hear about it. That was all whipped up. I wouldn't feel so bad if my docking station would have showed up. No. I mean, it's just a disc. You know, it's pretty interesting stuff. I don't know where we can sample, but probably have to dump a few things. But you never know, that could be the greatest disc ever. Hey, it could be. I doubt it though. I listened to it. I do have a man's quarter bit on there. I'm going to play in a minute. It's called an encoder, so bitchy. I think you enjoy that. Everybody can select through darts of the radio. 560, 560, 560, 560, and the horizon, signal, right, let's hear it first. The heat, baby. They're white hot. WCQAM, hello. Let's get that Queryy weapon. Junk on the ass. WCQAM, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? Do you remember from taking it? Yep. It's been years and years since I used to hear that guy call you. Yeah, he's an Israel. Did you play the rest of the Houston songs? Yeah, right. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, the horizon, signal, right, a slide. Haha. 32AM, hello. 2. 32AM, hello. 2AM. Yeah, Kevin Spacey on the pole. Kevin Spacey, what's self-hating about him? Anyway, that's all I call him. Hey, what's self-hating about Kevin Spacey? You even understand the pole question? What is it in the closet? So what does that mean? That makes himself hating almost every famous gay person's in the closet. Go ahead. I'm interested to the pole then. No, obviously. Anyway, for some reason, I read the broke back mounting for story. Yeah. That one can seem the catcher guy says, oh, my, I don't think we're going off. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, we're rising in signal, right, a slide. Only one thing I can say about that guy. Yeah, talking about people in the closet. Well, there's rumors that Kevin Spacey isn't the closet. No, I know that. That doesn't qualify for the pole. No, I know. I'm just, you know, I was throwing that out. I don't think there's any doubt about that. Good info for you. Well, he's like, no, it's not good info. It's old news, man. I hate to break the news. Well, maybe with your crowd, it's big news. You know, old news. That's like saying that Raymond Burwer was, you know. No, he's one of those guys that depending on what moon he feels. Like one day he's in next day. He's got like one toe on the edge of the closet door there, you know, which is at least his improvement. We don't have to have our Kelly go there and shoot him up, you know. But I'm not going to. But Kelly might just do it. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, Verizon, signal, right, a slide. WDQAM Hello. Any other? Yes sir. Check out my IDS. Tom, you'll find you. I think it might enjoy that. My IDS.com. My IDS.com. Yeah. Check it out. Okay. WDQAM Hello. I thought we were doing it in this phone checking out my IDS. Is that what we're doing? That's what we're doing. WDQAM My IDS.com. Hello. No. Yes sir. I really want to give Susan Gray a red. Okay Gray, I'm really happy to hear it. I told you before the show today. Today, rhymes with Susan Gray. What an antenna. I even, he got me so curious. I mean Google Susan Gray. I like he liked the Google Susan Gray. Sounds like it. There's all kinds of Susan Gray. Susan Gray, the singer. She's got her own website. Yeah. Did you have any hear from her? No, I did not. Why is he here? I will listen to that. Lucky you. He doesn't care about her voice. Okay. He's not concerned. I'm sure that any of the other people on my website. From a distance on that one picture I seen. I think they're pretty fine. From a long, long ways away from afar. Yeah, she's good. Are you guys doing a pig and out of what's the story there? I have more food, but I can't, I can't eat it. Well, wrap it up into a doggy bag man. Take it home. I'm going to take it home. I'm going to head to you. Yes. I bet you. Tommy's like 180 now. Going to weigh myself again. I think we got to ring the hell. Yeah, I think during the break you got a bottle in there. And hop on that scale because. Speaking of waddling in. Yeah. You know, who waddled in as soon as they saw some food. Oh, don't, don't tell me. If you tell me that fat boy bottle in there, I'm going to be with him. The other one. Not that high boy. The other one. The other. Not the beast. What kind of a sister will do in there? I'm your argument. He can't eat his. He gets in there. Let's let me look at the schedule. He was on 5.30 to 10 on the board. So that means he was there like at five o'clock this morning. And he comes in there and noon. I guarantee there's no way in the world. He would have stayed around there if there wasn't a bunch of food in there. Now, please tell me you didn't give many food. Please. Oh, no, no, no, no. Offer me. Oh, for me. I'm serious. You didn't give him a crumb. No, no, no. We gave a little bit to Jen. She came in and we like Jen. We like her a lot. Absolutely. So we gave her one of the crab martinis, which she could have slowly loved. Well, give give some cramped to the hazard. This is Neil Roger. What do you mean the first one? This is five, sixty. I think he's a. We got a yes guy for a while. And when I'm up in bulk of Tegna slept in all the women with pain through the lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Roger's one or two of us. Yeah, I mean I don't know if I can tell you the old Roger's Aaron balance one or two hours. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. On the 9-11 with us, and in particular a group that had been out spoken and critical of the administration, these rods and millionaires lie and eyes don't see these. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much. Yeah. And hope to celebrate the changes for love, hey. Next everybody, angry, gets the letters all worked up. Wish it better for snow, rain, crisis, bond and toll. But she ever ended up missing, no one would get right off. You'd be up with how you could be a breeze. You know that should not tag you, do you ever deserve it? Wonder what she's saying, get in my drop in for a bomb, bombs. She's a morpso, so generous by tagging great things on all of us. Can you make her go away? And if we break her smoothie, there's a very weshish under face. But if I get in the way, she'll fall in every way. One thing we should do, and don't just not spray, and don't just not spray. So you're looking at this, Miguel? Just speak out, using the fact that they're widows. I'm sending in somebody we're allowed to respond to. No, no, we always have to respond to someone we just had, a family member, dog. Because then we're supposed to grow, you're questioning their offences. They were using their brief in order to make a political point. So these grudds, you know, are a millionaire, not by street media, so. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much. They're all over the new, all over the new. See, I told him, her balls get in the way. It was a good line. You got you flat, you were. Amen. I'm not pretty good. That was good. Dan Guthin, I went down there and got that disk during that long pond. That kneeer done song. An arbor Michigan man, they got the good stuff in an arbor. That's where Sigourney Lieber should have gone. That's where they got the good stuff. Now the George have that movie? What? So I can see it. Yes, he does. Okay, I'll be next. A lot of it. I am a zombie.com to tell him. He liked it. He liked it. He liked it. He just gave me another movie that I just watched. What was that? Frailty? Frailty. What is that all about? I don't know if you'd like that one. It was Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, pretty crazy movie about a guy who says he has a vision from God and he goes on this killing spree because God's telling him to kill demons kind of thing, but pretty interesting. He never recommended that to me. Maybe he doesn't think it's your bag. Well, what tell me, Sammy? Am I somehow like emotional cripples, Edna? Maybe it's not my bag. Anyway, you use like a imaginary hero, so I think. I'm not sure, but I can't imagine anybody not like an M.O.B. It's really good. Sigourney Lieber is just great in that movie. A man who ran naked to his neighborhood to persuade his girlfriend to marry him. God, more than he bargained for when he was chased and shot at, police said, How did the Tommy's weight come out? You know what? He didn't gain any. He's just the same. He's about 177. Where did he go? He left? No, I'm here. Oh, I thought maybe he'd ran out. That one's surprised me. No, no, no. I'm very proud of that. You had turned the beast down. I don't know why they should believe they're not. I have Josh for a witness. He went into Josh's room too and said, Ah, look at you. He gave about two sniffs. And then when I didn't look or react that he was in here, I think. Then he left. I would have cut some really foul cheesons and said, Hey, beef sniff this. That's what I would have done. How to give him a choice. The couple were discussing marriage early Wednesday. The woman said she wasn't sure if she was ready for an annual police reports. The man responded that taking risks is an important part of life. And to prove his point jumped out of a first floor window and ran naked across the street. Before he could return, he spotted a couple walking and hidden some bushes to avoid them. A 28 year old man noticed the bushes rustling and bare feet underneath. Then to a 40 caliber handgun and go to the naked man out. Yeah, usually when he walking by a bunch of bushes, the bushes aren't rustling and that's pretty windy. And especially when he usually see a bunch of bare feet. I don't know how much of them. The naked suit are ran away, but the arm man gave chase and threatened to shoot police in. The woman fired a shot and they could man totally ground-suffering minor injuries. How do you like that? What if he shot him in the ****? A resident called police arrested the gunman on charges of aggravated assault and carrying concealed weapon. He was released following further investigation. The naked man was not arrested. I did not want to pursue charges. Why? What would you? You want to publicity a run around naked like your crazy person. Nobody said he's spotted. He's around got it. I mean the guy just shot him for no reason. That's pretty bad. What do you mean for no reason? If you're lurking naked in the bushes and you're with your girlfriend or whoever, or they hit the way? The way? Oh, I got a good line for that, because they will be all done. Assumes in gray. Okay. The American Civil Liberties Union, I got a lot of stuff I'm going to go through this hour. So if he's calmed down the phone, I don't have time for it. We took tons of calls. They're really great. Maybe one. Okay. Maybe one. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. That movie's frail to you. That Josh was talking about. You did see it. That was like two, three years ago, because you guys were talking about it. You in George and I got it just to see it. Pretty good. Well, I shouldn't have ring any bells with me. He was running around killing people for the hell of it. No, no. Jump tax on me to that. And my kind of he is the little kid and he has the brawler. And jump tax on him. And he just brings like horse and like a better file into a house. And he kills them and buries them in the backyard in the shed. It's a good movie. I mean, I thought he was. Well, I better watch it again, because I must forget all about it. I got a question for you and your audience. Yes, sir. If anybody can figure it out, what the hell is Johnny's article about the ending? I will send you a basket of apples. Are you on a diet? He dies in the end. Yeah. Yeah. I know what he has. He can travel back in time. Yeah. He's going to do a few drinks. Yeah. And the ending destroys another wise sensation on movie. The movie is terrific. And then in the end, you know. The mother, I mean, up to me, the mother did the best job at it. I want to know. I'm working about Jake Gillum, all every movie he gets it in the end. See a power. Yeah. See he got that. Yeah. He was in that broadcast mounting. Who said the guy that was in, I don't want to know. What a horrible movie. I sure hope Tommy didn't see that. Well, you wouldn't watch that. Would you broadcast mounting? Yeah. Good choice. Did I start with this thing? What was the other movie? I was just, oh, it last night. What the hell was the name of that movie? Oh, my God. It was so strange. Can't believe they're camping with all the info. It's being able to ask. Go through all movies, if you were the best. Strange, lame? No. Let me do my IMDB. What do you want to say, yeah? It will save the ones that I just been doing, right? On the IMDB website. Huh? Who's in it? I mean, you got any hints for us, so we can get all the box find it. Relax. Sleepwalkers. Oh, that's a classic. This Stephen King movie. Yeah. Yeah, I saw that. With the kiss of that? Of course. A million times. Get out of here. Are you kidding me? Would you think that's a good movie? It's crazy. But, you know, it's got its purpose. I don't know wrong with that. That's a good question. There are several comments that I and the other several people said the worst movie they've ever seen in their life. I mean, I wouldn't kiss. Which I guess they didn't see the Kurt Cobain movie last days. It's like a USA movie. You know what I mean? I don't think it was out in Peter. It's got a 4.3 out of 10. That's pretty weak. 4.3. You know what? You know, I think it kept me watching was Brian Krauss. Who the guy in the, the blonde kid. Right. Now, you know, what, imagine, listen to me. I could be wrong, but I, and I could, I can Google it here. Imagine, I'm a, and now he was in, um, returned to the blue lagoon. And I think she was a chickenette movie, too. What ever you say? What? You never saw returning to the blue lagoon? No. I'm telling you, as Tommy, Tommy, do you see that? Yeah. I did. She's pretty hot. Imagine, um, no. I don't know what her real name is, which when you talk about it. There were only two basically people who were stranded on the island again. They went back. Young girl. The young girl. He was, he looked young guy. It was Brian Krauss was an M movie. Okay. In fact, you're what you're wasting my time. Okay. You guys are just, I mean, I remember her from sleepwalkers. Well, he's your old sped now. I'll tell you, I'll see. How old is he? He's 30, seven. Boy, he's your aging badly, Brian Krauss. His pictures here on IMDB, holy cow. But what's her name again? Manchin, I'm okay. Okay. Well, wait a minute. Oh, no. I don't want to go back to sleepwalkers. He hadn't excuse me. Excuse me. I want to go back to her. I heard as we turned to the blue lagoon 1991. He played Richard. He played. Oh, look at that. That one's even in the airport. And it was a horrible movie. Four point a lot of 10. That's right. Uh, no, no. It was mela, Joe, Joe, bitch. Excuse me. I'm sorry. He wasn't that, but it was going to be like her. Yeah. So there you go. Well, actually, she was in this sleepwalkers. The southern mages. I'm a human thing. She was cute. Yes. She just fine. She was just fine. And he was almost as pretty as she was. I thought, okay. Well, I'm just telling you right now. That's why I watched a little bit about what's about half an hour when I said, uh, enough of this. I, uh, you thought that was a good movie sleepwalkers. It was, uh, you know, it's not. Yeah, I see you're into this Stephen King thing, man. You're sucked in because it's Stephen King. That automatically must be a good movie. It's not true. It sucks. It was horrendous. And then you were like, I think you liked it, huh? It was like a US movie, I think. And I'm not saying so. It's a regular in the theater movie. And of course, the incestuous thing with his mother there. And that was, that was a little bit over the top part of the movie, man. Well, there he's John Murphy carrying on. Ready. We are the targets. We are causing the problem. You know, who wants us to stay in Iraq right now? They have Kaita wants to stare because it recruits people for China wants to stare. North Korea wants to stare. Russia wants to stare. We're depleting our resources. Just like Russia depleted their resources and that's insane. The same thing is happening. But the United States. There you go. You go, John. I say John Murphy for president. If it wasn't an old fact guy, he's good. He's got a pair, man. Not as big as Angkorters, but he's got a pair. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQAM. If you're a cigar smoke, we're likely to kick back with a good premium brand. And by he is cigars. By Tony Burhani, this is for you. These are defined cigars. They made with first grade tobacco process in age up to 10 years. But he is a real motizegarmaker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold-of-flexion of blind gets a 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar and Sutter, and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored web balance pulled by the Nicaragua and cigars. Got earthy hits the dark rose coffee, chocolates by St. Pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try that we had to sail the highest-worthy cigar and last 10 months against the high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of prestigious cigar and cider. Need to sail as a powerful cigar. It manages a big gut blaster with complex notes of leather earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-bodied, with the initial spice and a note of charred wood. If you want to save you a lot of money, if you want to save 40% off the cost of all your beehive cigars, call us to a free number and tell them that old near Rogers toward the call. 1-800-35 behier. That's 1-800-35 B-A-H-I-A. And this is Neal Rogers. This is 517 ASS. The President met with religious leaders today in order to put a federal constitutional ban on same-site merits on the front burner. Gay rights activists, they, the president, is hand-break marriage is the most fundamental institution of civilization. I believe the marriage is between a man and a man. What they do in the privacy of their house, consenting adults should be able to do this is America. It's a free society. We have to redefine traditional marriage. Coming out. Yeah, I am mindful that we're all sinners. And learn our coming out. It's 117 at 5.06 at WQAM. The American Civilities Union sued the US Defense Department yesterday. The man's information says the government is collecting. A group supposed to the war in Iraq. The group says the Pentagon has been monitoring anti-war groups and individuals. A compiled list of people that see this potential threats. But who the ACLU says are just exercising their free speech rights. The suit was the ACLU's first attempt to force the Pentagon to disclose domestic surveillance and followed similar suits by the organization against the FBI and the Justice Department. It's absolutely improper for the US military to keep databases on lawful first men and free speech activities. So they say the U.S. has been wise. These are peaceful law-abiding groups and individuals who oppose US war policy but pose no threat to the military. The ACLU said the Defense Department shared the information with other government agencies through the database. Known as the threat and local observation notice or talon. The threat. Like always say old-farscent San Diego. Remember that in Fahrenheit 911? Those old cookie-making farts, men who eat and cookies. Oh, god only knows what was in those cookies. How many votes we got? Of an 148. Democrats are touting six polls released this week that all broad good news for Senate Democrats and Democratic candidates coined a raw story. In New Jersey, incumbent Democrat Robert Menendez looks safer than ever, increasing his lead over Tom P. in 43-36. Bushens popularity seems to be a real issue in New Jersey where Bushes approvals under 30%. But turn the man. And New Jersey voters agree with claims that King Jr. is a George Bush Republican by 25 points spread. Pennsylvania State Terriers, leading incumbent obnoxious right wing Republican Rick San Torman, the latest strategic vision survey, 49 to 40%. Though this is not a record gap in the race by any means, Casey's lead over San Torms has been consistent. And in the PentePoke conducted for a high TV stations this week, so the Democratic challenger Sherrad Brown with the 4839% lead over Republican incumbent Mike D. Why? And it goes on in Tennessee. Congressman Harold Ford is pulling statistically tied, but all three GOP candidates hope it is to see returning crook Senator Bill Fist. So there you go. But you still have the sinking feeling in your heart that knowing the way the Democratic party can always grasp defeat from the draws of victory. That something will happen. And plus of course, we already had a couple of June surprises in the last week. Maybe we'll have a July surprise and an August and a September and probably a very big October surprise. Perhaps. Maybe even I'll have like the charred remains of somebody called Osama. It might not be Osama, but you know, we don't even have a Millible Omar much less, what's the, I'm in the payment. Well, maybe one of these days, a 500 pound bomb will find a. It came through for every press. And by the way, just one footnote on this, and then I'm just going to wipe him off my memory bank as far as your general manager's concern. He, because the only piece I got that email is because Norma can't like. Send him a costic message that he, we didn't respond of the two emails I sent on Monday. So he responds to the one that had nothing to do with any issues. Okay, that we just, you know, anybody could've done that with some cost to comment. But the one where I laid out the issues that are facing all of us on this radio station just to stonewall again, ignored it. So where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Okay, so don't go there. That's my best suggestion. Don't go there. Unlike our president, he's not a problem solver. In the aftermath of three suicides at the kind of personal quantum of prison facility in Cuba last Saturday, reporters were the LA Times and the Miami Harald were ordered by the office of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to leave the island yesterday. A third reporter and a photographer with the Charlotte Observer were given the option to stay until Saturday, but editor and publisher has learned were told that the Raksis to the prison camp was now denied. Any MP, pressing issues column on Tuesday covered an eye opening dispatch by the observer's Michael Gordon, carried widely and other papers. He had listened in with permission as the camp commander gave frank instruction to staff and how to respond to the suicide. All four journalists left the island yesterday, arrived in Miami about 1230 in the PM. A Pentagon spokesman, JD Gordon, confirmed the order to leave the island this morning. The told editor and publisher was underrated to the stories produced by the journalist. While admitting that Gordon's piece had caused controversy. He asserted that the mob was related to other media. Let's threaten the sue if they weren't allowed in. He didn't say why instead of expung reporters already there, the Pentagon simply didn't just let the others in, beyond sight and new security concerns. Everything's a big secret baby because it's the war on terror. It's the war on terror. Don't understand. Everything's the war on terror. When did I save you this article? You don't have to print this out from our website. I don't remember sending this to you. Must be my Alzheimer's. Southern Baptist won't back public school pull out. Okay. I remember the previous article I mentioned yesterday. When did I send this? I don't know. Oh, I don't worry. Specifically, Southern Baptist convention refused yesterday. Support a resolution urging the nomination of former strategy for removing children from public schools in favor of home schooling or education at private schools. You know, home schooling like that. The SS strategy proposed a lot for by Roger Moran of Troy, Missouri and Texas, South of Bruce Short. Came as many Southern Baptists are concerned about her classrooms or handling subjects such as Homosexuality. Oh, my God. And intelligent design. But the SPC's resolutions committee instead called on every to engage the culture of our public school systems by observing Godly influence declining to put the proposal from Moran and sure before delegates to their annual meeting. Exert godly influence. I'm sure they're talking about. They all got the committee instead forward a day more moderate resolution titled on engaging the direction of the public school system, which was to be debated last night at the final session of their annual meeting. The proposal from Moran and short author of the harsh truth about public schools contains that curricula teaching that the homosexual life style is acceptable are being implemented in public schools. Mainly our judge of sex. All these far vision of going and mainly our obsessed with homo is man. It's all they know from their obsessed with homo's. And yet the American public doesn't give a flying crap about homo's and where they got bigger fish to fry. That's what Susan Gray told me. And he liked that. And now what she said. Yeah. She said, you all come to the fish fry. No trans fats there. 1155 votes. I think we got a little shot here in 1200 day during the show. That would be impressive. Especially since I didn't think this polva to track like, you know, I don't know, just didn't feel that they would even like the long guy didn't even understand it. Why would you think that after this week? We've had such good response. Been the white man. What do you try to say? That was shot at George. Hey, Tommy, when George comes back, tell me that Josh is throwing him out of the bus. Okay. Just like a fat boy, try to throw him out of the bus. Let's get him pretty crowded out of that bus. So the beast came in there snoring for a free food. He's sniffing around. sniffing around a little bit. I was waiting for you to offer him something. I guess he was standing over me. Really? He was hovering? Yes, he was. What a cow. Oh, I'm going to give him any of my guy. I get the feeling Tommy hates him like poison. The beast. So I let him go to the mountains. Silence is golden. And you remember, remember, for Ralph, I'm talking about Dumping him off the show. He just, you know, he runs you the wrong way. In a very short period of time. Like when we hit him on the show here, what day was it that we hit him on for a couple hours? I couldn't wait for him to get that out of there. He just gets on your nerves. And of course, mole was very tired with him. He was a little bit duller. But then he was at least mole was consistent. He was at the way with everybody. You know, I saw this thing yesterday. I saw the clip on TV. How embarrassing. You see your president? Oh, when he's with the reporters? Yeah, the reporter from the LA Times. He's got the smart. The guy is legally blind. He has only a little bit of peripheral vision. And then he's like, so it was the dark shades. But the last afterwards. Yeah, everything's a big joke. Yeah. Everything's a big joke. Well, when you're a moron, everything's like, uh, uh, just like that. Everything's a little bit, exactly it. President and Bush will often tease his members of the White House press corps of apologize yesterday. He poked thunder to be a quarter for wearing sunglasses without realizing that we need to do for vision loss. You've changed your court at news conference in the Rose Garden. He called on LA Times and Porter Peter Walson and asked the police to ask us to ask his question with his shades on. For the viewers, there's no son, boys said to the TV cameras. But even though the sun was behind the clouds, well, and still leaves the sunglasses because he has star guards disease, a former faculty, uh, uh, uh, these innovation that causes progressive vision loss. The condition causes a wallstained to be sensitive to clear and even on a cloudy day can cause pain and increase the loss of sight. Walson said, quote, called a self-only to a relatable, apologize, tell me didn't realize he had the disease. He said, I need to leave guys out of affection, Walson said, I said, I understand that, but I want you to keep, I don't want you to keep me differently because of this. Whatever. So probably next time they have one of them, he'll probably, something that burdened, hopefully doesn't see it. Right. Very sad. It's that kind of compassionate conservators, and that, you know, permeates the whole world now, thanks to the Bushmaster. And thanks for those old gas prices too, Mr. President. Thank you so much. 27 after one at five, 60 WCM, if you love the finer things in life, then you love Stogeys, my missquitoscentral cigar shop in Kindle. With South Florida's largest selection cigar, Stogeys of Kindle, is sure to have all your favorites. Stogeys got over a thousand open boxes of cigar to choose, from including Arturo Fuente, Padroan, Monacoista, Romeo and Juliette, and lots more, including a large selection of premium cigars, close out prices, as well as the obscure and hard-to-find stuff. If you want the good stuff, come into Stogeys today, and enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge, featuring some of the finest bouquet wines from around the world. In fact, in that movie, what is the imaginary heroes? Yeah. Before she gets busted, Sigourney Weber, she goes in the sheet, she finds some pot hidden in the, because there's all kinds of drugs in her house, everybody's doing a kind of drug, and she finds a little bag. And so she goes to the convenience store, and she says, I need some papers. Instead of selling your papers, the guy he gave us your recipe, didn't sell it to her, he gives it to her cigars, he says, cut this in half, take the tobacco out, roll it up, and make it, you know, and that's it. Then incredible. Were you going to say it blunt? Join Stogeys every Friday for their wine tasting from 5 to 8 pm featuring some of the most delicious boredos, France has to offer. Located in one 1612 North Kindle, open every day, seven days week, or probably zero boxy or favorite cigars at Stogeys, column 305, 598, and 9820. And be sure when you go into a Stogeys, you say hello to Mary on the girls, Sandra and Yani, and get you a free cigar the day, just for mentioning their name. They like that. Stogeys, column 305, 598, 9820. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. I have my junior, honey. This is an ABC news special report. Today in Iraqis are celebrating the death of Abu Musaab Al-Zerkawi, and this morning President Bush had just split the liver. Now Zerkawi is mad his end. And this violent man will never murder again. I'll ask her a couple of questions today, Scott, do you got one? Yeah, my name's Josh. Oh, I'm saying, you're certain. You're still looking at us. What, what? The just means we can finally get out of Iraq and bring us fruit homes. I recognize that America's large troops to come home as quickly as possible. This will not happen on my watch. Let me finish the next one, Josh. We intend to stay forever. One, 33, 27, until we got Gully and all that stuff coming up at 2 o'clock, mad dog at 4, and then we got a course very intensive Shaksha. I'm sure with a big panel. I was going to be on there like till forever, like Bush is there. Marlon's on Decutiv's 3, though. We got to Marlon's hosting the graves as they try for the sweep before the blue days come in the town of Marl. And any K, a guffy, we wind directly after the game. Is what it says here. What if the game is like, I'm not going back again. Because you can be the same silly answer. Wait to hear this. If go to the show and make a premature purchase. On my docking station, the state of the art I Carter makes it easier for people to listen to beats while using the bathroom. It gives a completely new meaning of the phrase, Rock and Roll. They've invented a cutting edge gadget, combining a portable music player, and a toilet paper dispenser, and there's a picture over right here. Whoa, where can I see this? It's on dailymail.co. Where did I find this? I don't know. I don't know. Send me that link. Why don't you? No. Okay. Well, if I'm in the same meals, okay. Lynn Samuels.com. Oh, nevermind. And it's it. Why not? It's kid. It says the iPod that lets you roll, but it's got to, it's not a picture, but a drawing of it. Anyway, the state of the art device called an i-card makes it easier for people to listen to beats while using the bathroom, which is not a corny west manufacturers. To enhance your experience in the smallest room. The gadget, which got through our 99 bucks, merges an iPod docking station with a Lou Roll dispenser. This is a thing that dailymail a Lou. Hey, Lou. After music lovers have downloaded, it seems to me there's an awful lot of downloading that would be going on in the magic room. You know, after you've downloaded songs from the internet on their iPod, they can place it in a socket in the top of the dispenser. And you know, it's, it shows you where you're going to try to roll the dispenser, but in the back of it, it's got a, like a bracket, and it's got a slot in the top and it's the QR pod in there. It's a docking station with a roll of toilet paper. Sweet. Then while sitting on the toilet, using the shower and the shower, we're generating an bubble bath, they can listen to their favorite tunes. The device delivers high quality sounds from moist resistance because, accordingly, manufacturer, A-tech flash technology. It also returges the iPod while playing songs, either pre-programmed or random selection. The R-I-Cardas 8 inches wide 7 inches deep in 3 inches high designed to be mounted on the bathroom wall. Kind of like Thursday's use to that. Getting mounted on the bathroom wall. And it's powered by rechargeable batteries. It's the latest high tech contraption that features an MP3 player. Manufacturers have already produced a robotic dog that dances when somebody connects into a music player and DJs have begun to force a vinyl record and CDs for missing disks which use iPods. What is a missing disk? I don't know what that is. Do you know what that is? No, not sure. Although I'm looking at the picture of this right now. You see it? Yeah. Looks pretty neat, doesn't it? Yeah, it's awesome. Wow. I just be careful though, because it looks like the iPod is often close to the toilet paper rule. So, careful what you're smearing around there. And that model is white. Yeah. I want to get a little bit of that. Oh, that's right. And then in April, the male told how the ladies model the classic Swiss Army knife future day be painted the tentable MP3 player, which means all those of these state of the art knife that's stormed up to 250 songs downloaded from the internet. One website, which reviews the ladies technology described our carda is one of the stranger iPod or Cessaries we've ever seen. But it's certainly ideal for anyone who wanted to listen to rock band, Oasis number one single rule with it. And that cute rule with it. Oh, man. That is really most amusing, not. Yeah, it looks okay. I mean, you don't want to waste your docking station by sticking it in the toilet, you know? Right. If it would ever show up. 1195 votes. You got to be kidding me. We're there 1165. I'm sorry. 1165. That means we need 35 in 23 minutes to get to 1200 by 2 o'clock. We can do it. I think that would be written up like in the Angels of the human race. We'll probably get in the genius book of records. When you think. Yeah. 560 pound five 60 need Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. Who by the end of the grey one? Yeah, we were. We were. We hope he would croak. WQAM Hello. Hey, you're interesting. Thought of that iPod saying for the bathroom. Yeah. Yeah, I guess it's going to keep the feet while you're going. But for what I've gathered, the stock box down here could really use those things. Anybody have any idea what that means? He's a crazy person. Oh, that's unusual. How many QAM? Hello. QAM. Tell me how you get it. Okay. I thought, I know. I know. I've kind of. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. I've got. So I've got? Who's your husband though? Wrong child. He notes my dad. No way. So your father's over there. What's he doing? Of course not, but he is. But maybe five. How long have you been there? About 50 minutes. All right. Well right. Put the journalist in the piano. Hello?aso. What's your photograph? yesterday against the big site and uh... veteransaż requests Problemedoc the thing about it was the reason you could hear it all around the way was because the radio actually ran out into the way. Right. Probably was on the edge of the way. Right. For Rindus State time and night time, it's a signal around the around the thing. But it was the best, you know, out of that. I'm not gonna scam. Well, that was all because the radio station nothing ever be sick of it. You're absolutely correct. Greatest radio station. And now ladies and gentlemen, Charlie Bandai show. See you. Hello. Hello. How do you like playing? Yeah, from Dallas. Right. Charlie, we'll stand with. Anyway, starting radio in his 14 with those fights. Did I make a shameless request? Yes. The shack version, unless you've already played it, the shack version of Jimmy and Danny. You got it. Thank you. See you, pal. See how they did they. I mean, Bud Davis. Well, how could I do this? Oh, see that? That's there must be me. I must have put him on hold or something. You locked it. No, you locked it. I got a little lock signal on my. Okay, Jim. I just looked. Just relax. Okay, Tommy. I realized that you're not ordinarily in their territory. There you go. Just relax. Cattle, man. I'll talk about it. I think the food must have sent his blood sugar up to my mother's sugar in here. Man, man. Talk about wire-divided. Oh, God. Just relax. Everything's under control. Okay. 141 and 5. 60 WQMH for years. I've been telling you if you'd mattresses done. If it's finished and they don't last forever, even the good ones. Do the smart thing. No version after you're betting in departments to raise waste a lot of gas in time. Make that one easy call from right there on your ass. Call 1-800-MATFUS. Because the folks at Dalamatris can deliver a brand new one to you and aid to our widow that you choose when it's convenient for you. They have knowledgeable betting consultants and lots more. If you thought that one 800-MATFUS on the phone was easy, check out matris.com online. Shop on the wicked web anytime day or night with product details, prices and photos. And you can even check out online or call the place your order and schedule delivery like I said when it's convenient for you. If factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even their so-called during big sales plus Dalamatris offers you 12 months financing too. Dalamatris you find a complete line of silly and sorta 10-core Simmons temper-peating and Stearns and bananas faster. When you call 1-800-MATFUS you get unbeatable prices on the best brands. They're ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. So like I said, instead of slething all over town waiting that expensive gas and getting ripped off the boot. Just sit there and make the one easy call. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATFUS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last S. because it stands for Eric Stahl. This is Neil Rogers. What's all this? This is 5-16-2-8-10. So this is the coach. Go to the doctor. Check me. Check me. Check me. Check through. Check. Check me. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Don't be too evil. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Look who's here. Check. Check. Who's here? Check. Check. I don't care about any you people. I just stand yo money. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Check. Welcome to GTA X. We've got 17 to go to Victorian and 2014. I think I have some here. What do you think? All we're afraid. I think we can do it. If not others add, how am I going to stay on the ground breaking ceremony for the men more ill to Pentagon and every time I see him or I see the bushmeister and anything about this war and I keep thinking to myself about all the lies you've been out of it they've been dragged out of the closet kicking and screaming. Tommy Cruz may still be in there but these guys are out and they they belong in federal prison a whole bunch of for starting a war based on total lies and and then you look at a pull well 53% of the public says it was a bad idea and forty-seven how can how can it be like not ninety to two percent it just it makes no sense to me but then again you're dealing with and of course you see the interviews with these housewives and crawford taxes you know well gee he combined he signed our thing for us and he's just oh man in the abrettenous paper the Guardian which occasionally tells a little bit too much of the truth this is not a good way to end the show today is a very scary story. VNA sequences can form some of the most deadly pathogens known to man and they can be bought over the internet the Guardians discovered an investigation which shows the ease with which terrorist organizations could obtain the basic ingredients of biological weapons this newspaper obtained a short sequence of small past DNA the deadly viruses existed only elaborator since being eradicated from the world's population but thirty years ago the DNA sequence of small passes while other potentially dangerous passage in such as polio virus and eighteen flu are freely available online public databases so to build a virus from scratch a terrorist would simply order consecutive lines of DNA along the sequence and glue them together in the correct order this is beyond the skills in the equipment of the kitchen chemist who could be achieved by a well-funded terrorist with access to a basic lab and PhD level personnel. One study estimated because most people on the planet know resistance to the extinct virus and initial release which infected just ten people was spread to two point two million people in a hundred eighty days around the world a hundred eighty days. The DNA sample we ordered had an arbor quest three small modifications to render it harmless before we're sent by post to a residential address in London the company is since conceded that it wasn't aware that it was sending out a sequence of modified smallpox DNA. There are legitimate reasons for researchers to buy a line of DNA from pathogens for example and developing treatments or vaccines against them however because this industry is so new and unregulated companies are selling custom-made DNA without making thorough checks on the identities of the people are placing the orders or what the sequences are. Time's Maryland that the Bronx wants to sort it'll probably hear you go harm of the four main companies operating in the UK non-courtley screens all their DNA orders there are thirty nine companies operating in North America and not all them screen their orders this is the most disturbing story I've heard for a long time said MP Phil Willis chairman of the department for instance at the committee over there with the brits there is currently a massive loophole which need to be dealt with by regulation or legislation not that we want to get nervous right but a good like panicking like that but and of course remember what the old cheese said Tommy Thompson said a former secretary of HHS remember what he said what he said then he was shocked that they haven't liked poisoned our food supply yet because it's a easy member there this is also the same guy when he talked about the photographer from the inquire remember we got he died from the anthrax that came in a mail yeah he said wow he he was an outdoors man he drank from a quick a drink a drink from a quick maybe a quick and his neck and then he died and speaking of rummese well you know what what he died from going to the guy at the inquire and tracks that was it how we do not then investigation by the way got anybody any persons of interest after they trashed at one guy destroyed his life that person and how about uh... mullable Omar and i'm in the prime and my old summer yamama got a then yeah but we got alzark highway baby and a present made another one of those stirring photo off so that they're the day your draft dodging president and even finishes guard service somebody made a really good point of the none of these people none of them served in the military chainy draft dodger but the only only one they had the whole operation there was rolling cool and and he sold out you know he said that he went ahead that vials speaking of all the so and uh... yeah just lied to his teeth after originally send them hey i i i i through the script back to them and said i'm not gonna be this grant and guess what he did so i have a feeling just like some other people we know that the reason that all this stuff is going on some people are being made an offer that they can't refuse know me yeah by the way don't rum spell looks like skeletal i'll make them an offer yeah he just if if if the nazis would be a proud of that piece of crap i don't know what they and there's another one every time he gets to the get it with the media has one of those uh... press briefings everything and uh... you see you people in the media you're the ones responsible for those twenty five hundred deaths because they never could have pulled this crap off if it wouldn't have been for your compliance man vinegar and drop in the body wash that's what they do man the media they've been over and drop and that rob Marciano there are a lot of people who would like to buy him somebody wash just in hopes that he might drop it haven't seen him today with a without the clothes on all eleven ninety five plus uh... tanks we're gonna do it can you believe this fantastic twelve hundred those and is very marginal pull out of the unison this full of over uh... this big course man quarters on air i should play that bit again where she get the balls are in a way this is the new ranger this is five sixteen a nice president Well I know that I show you what I think I say that I was to your hand how you get white somebody put it up the film my bigie pants. It ain't easy. I know James I'll have to be coming back. I'm tired of getting set to make a look where it is then, construct. If you want to know what I'll say if I'm shut that transfer into the lounge. Why? I'm teasing. Do you want to go? Oh, you mean it's cold. I just don't have a plan. What do you mean it's cold? I don't have a plan. All of you made a wish out of it, I don't know. I'm your baby and I'm your baby. I'm your baby. I think you're all trained so I told me that you'd be gay. I said my rating definitely amounted out in your age. The radio has a remodeling to one of the gay and the mobile phones. And we get shot. All you need is no doubt. I'm drinking. What? All you need is no. And no need to drink. All you need is no show. And no show. No. I'm going to go. I don't need a little more time. I need to find a way. I'm going to go. What are you going to go? Why are you going to go? Why are you going to go? Why are you going to go? Hey, it's official like I told you. President Bush today signed into law legislation that raises fines tenfold on radio and television broadcasts is it by the U.S. agencies standards by wearing extensive profanity or sexual content. The new law which boosts fines to as much as turn into 25 grant from 32.5 could offer to the public and civil conservatives and a tough election year is a faced having support from key court and constituencies. It's the two shoes crowd the hypocrites. The Christian coalition in place legislation increased the fines. The number five item on the 2006 legislative agenda. The new law also can't have any continuing violations from an incident after you made it. Well, three minutes. What's remaining is a B's. Right? Right. So I think tomorrow we'll start off by saying. And we'll throw on a couple of those. We'll be saying. By the way, we did a 12 o'clock. This is really great. Did I tell you they come through for us? 12 o'clock. And you guys are welcome for a great lunch. Bye.