They come! Fletchstones, they're always stone! They're the really stone of family! Always smoking crackrock! Faking highboard and ballboyly! Body! You're pretty poing! Did you get the reaper, actually? You did, Fred! It's Columbia Rottoons! Hey, that's good shit! A couple of jokes in her behind is a damn ridiculous! Hey, body! Are these lepids getting spiced moment? No, Fred! You're just really f***ing dope! You have a devil f***ing stupid! You're f***ing stupid! So, yes you're a guide! You probably already know who died. Job Barbera from Hannah Barbera? Oh no! Oh yes! So, how will we go on? Yes. How can we go on? Yes, that's what I said. Job Barbera, half of the Hannah Barbera animation team that produced her to beloved cartoon characters as Tom and Jerry. And the Flintstone, see the Flintstones got it, there you go. DiGestory, Warner Bros. folksman said, and you know what he was 95, believe me, old enough and then some. How can you feel bad when somebody is 95 and died? You got a natural causes, in other words, he croaked. That was it. At home with his wife, Sheila at his side. His longtime partner, Bill Hannah Barbera. First found success created with the Hylix, Hylix successful, you're a cartoon. I don't think it's going to be a really good day. The annex of the battling cat and mouse went to win the 7 Academy Awards more than any other series with the same characters. The partners who had first teamed up while working at MGM in 1930s, they went under a whole new realm of success in the 50s and 60s, with a witty series of animated TV companies including the Flintstones, the Jetsons, Yogi Burst, Scooby-Doo, and Huckabray-Hound in France. Well, Job Barbera is dead. He was a mere 95, a veritable child in South Florida, especially in sunrise lakes. And a North Carolina woman was arrested after completing the way police officer that the crack cocaine she just purchased in Hawthorne Florida wasn't very good, authorities said. Hawthorne Florida, where does that? I know where Hawthorne Park used to be in Chicago. Where else Hawthorne Florida? I'm Googleint. Googleint. Eloise ELOISC, what kind of a name is that? Eloise Eloise, I don't know what a name is. D-V-U-City, approached the Putnam County Sheriff's deputy. I guess if we knew where Putnam County was, we knew where I was. Let me in the pan, hand me, I think. I'm checking right now. I see. And convenience store Friday telling that another man had sold her bad crack that contained wax and cocaine. If you pulled on Lidge crack rock out of her mouth and placed it on the deputies's car for inspection, they polacodately knew as you afforded for two days of editions. Oh, Polacod, that's so up there in the Yenemsville. The deputies will raise that she'd be arrested as the crack tested positive for cocaine. She was charged with possession of cocaine and bought it out for a 504 bucks. Somebody sold me some bag crack. Do you find Polacod, Putnam County, Hawthorne Florida, all of these any of these things? All of these things. No. Not really. How was that possible? How about Putnam County? I mean, Polacod, we're Polacod's anemia. I have no idea where all those yellow places are up there. I don't want to know. I don't want to be involved in it. Anyway, Jack Cordis had his big meeting at tour clock yesterday. We got a lot of updates here. And I love some heavy-duty personal stuff. How's my space doing on it? Poled today? Let's go to both. No votes. No, two. Got a pair. Let me just warn you people out there about that whole my space experience. Okay. Get a real email address. Real people use real email addresses. They exchange them back and forth. And they don't use my spaces. It's a place to hide. There's some people, of course, who go into hiding. And they assume that they can do that. And then they find out, oh, geez. Didn't work. But we'll get into that. Here's the poled result from yesterday before we heard about Josh's big meeting with Medibell and Greg Reed. Greg, by the way, has tried to rape QAM. Over there at Pound 96, over there, the side of the building. He's trying to rape QAM and destroy everything that your bell is trying to put the pieces back together. Again, that's a lot of Greg. Go away. You lunatic. You maniac. You sports nerds. He's a person you. Here's yesterday's poled. We had 52 votes. I'll remember Jim Bush most for helping his brother steal the 2000. Lesson 6734 vote. His whole law breaking family, 267. Interfering with Terry and her two. 156. By the way, Hawthorne is by Gainesville. Yeah, it's up there in Yahoo Land. It's not as far north as I thought it was or west, but by Gainesville. That's Yahoo, he and that for me. Wow. The stupid F.K. 91. Remember the fan and Governor for overturning the of Odessa in state of M.M.N.T.86 for being a great guy 85. Oh man, the pain of the pain is bad 85. 5.44% said the fan asked Governor was a great guy. Never stole a free train. His fan asked 52. His co-storning prescription forging gutter in the well 45. Opposing the slots 38. Being on TV whenever there was a hurricane 28. Needlessly cutting down citrus trees 26. I hate this poll only 23. They liked it. They certainly didn't have to sell it to 100% Being right when there. Like hot and loved the party. She's horny and she's just doing everybody. Whatever a friend said she didn't really want to be miss you. I say all those she's very ambitious. She always complained how it was a pain in the hands to wake up in the morning and she had to get crazy stuff down to her teeth. It doesn't say stuff but it begins with a mess. The girl can wake up in the morning and flip a switch and change into a miss you. I say honestly she's kind of like Lindsey low hand which went much much bigger and certainly not real movies. Those can't possibly be real. Hey, we'll take a big enormous or you'll take I know. If Tara will be decrowed her terrible past to Tamiiko Nash. An army of sources told the lady news that Tara Connor was using cocaine lustfully kissing this teen who I say in public. Oh right. And sneaking into their Trump place apartment. The source said she was a party animal. I've seen them as you was a terror Connor and Miss T. You must say Katie Blair 18. Kiss before they always dance sexy on the tables. They definitely get close. Why? What am I getting that? Listen it here for you. Yeah, see you. I'm not coming here to get it. Although I have a big lunch appointment down there. I have got three lunch appointments. I know that too will actually take place. Tara said to have a drug problem. Not be kept in a nice in secret. This is McKinney sent it. See a literate. Where does come from? Not to be keep in secret. The person she's in a way. Now it's a little they're a little tongue tied with us. Another source said she really has a bad drug problem. Everyone at Miss USA hated her. She slept with Blink money to his campus barker and she sticks to the all the club promoters. She was lasting out of her crew from Otters because she had no other friends and she was using them for drugs. She started utilizing hip in New York City. People and nightlife seem to feed her addictions. Donald Trump, Miss USA pageant bus, that he and the Miss Universe organization will study the situation and we've had it because of her behavioral and personal issues. At the Upper West Side property where the Miss USA went and given an apartment every year. The dormant said, Tara doesn't live there. No, Moa, she returned to Kentucky with it without a band to honor me. The dormant said she doesn't live her anymore. She's not allowed anywhere in Trump property. She served an out of the comeback. I don't think it was her choice. Really. The Donald, I guess, finally said, a little bit even for him. It's too embarrassing. Citerial, Miss USA is a fine how do I care about that? Do I care? No, no. I do. And you do because you think that she's doing Hanky Spanky with Miss T. USA and it's creating all kinds of wild, you know, visions. Fizzons of sugar plums. I think that's a big boobs dancing in your head. Here today's poll. I also is great to hear from Harry again from Detroit on my space. Wow. Any other tips today? Any other fun. I'm going to read his this. He man, what are we running here? I'm excited. I know wait on the poll today. I know wait. We get to a thousand pretty easy. I would think now what do we do yesterday during the show? We got to a we could have been a team. I was pretty good. I hate to admit that I love. Blank and we got several choices for a hate to admit I love porn too similar. Why would people hate to admit that? I mean this day and age is never a little bit childish. I don't know that was my vote. I mean I didn't really relate to anything else in the poll. Oh. I hate this polls doing. Oh, look at that. 140 15.4% hate this poll. What's wrong with this poll? This is one of our listeners, polls for crying out loud. What's wrong with that? Well, I'm going to let me must be several because you said you couldn't find anything else to a vote for on there. Right. I hate to admit I love near Rogers one 18. Well, you could have voted for that. You bastard. We were on with that. And Ticks Road show 90. I mean, I know that some stupid show, but I've never watched and I what what is it. I was hoping you were going to fill me in. So I wanted to show the way that people bring their old antiques and I got this. How much it's worth? Sounds exciting. Yeah, like Maddie Bell, one of the old antiques and Ticks Road Show 90. Even though ice cream 72, talk radio 65, the carpenters, that's what I voted for 57, even an old queen like me. It's very embarrassing. I love the carpenters. Dogged to bounty 144. I don't blame you. Musicals 39. Neil Sedakad 12. And now we just put my space on this morning. We have two people say they hate to admit it, but they love my space. And it's probably in the probably both pedophiles. My space is a place for people who are like young punks and who still think like young punks. And then of course, people who are like chasing young punks and leave it to Miguel, give me involved with that. Oh, brother. But now that my close personal friend out there is going to total hiding, changing his voice, his cell phone and email and shutting us out of my space, he's unreachable to think that's going to change my life. Hope not. No. unreachable, man. And then even you said you had some bad experience on my space. I've gotten into trouble. What does that mean? You want to give us details? Or what does it get in trouble? What would what? I mean, I have a girlfriend and I've been I've met a few girls that I've seen on my space and I've got caught for that. You've met them. Yeah, that's it. Online, or actually in the flesh. Oh, you know, I ran into them online, met him in the flesh. Yeah. And I'm well trouble for that. I see. Well, there you go. Be real careful. I'm not that my space. I would hide your identity, man. All you people I want to go into deep hiding, you know, just to show everybody else out. That's the way to do it. And they come to find out that the you're doing out hiding at all, but nevertheless, 12 and a 10 to 5, 16, W to Q a and we got NADDALG 2. Now there's an Asterisnes to that. What does that mean? I don't know what did he take steroids? There's an Asterisnes to a MADDALG's name today. So when he was on those dolphin teams back in the 70s, he was doing he had bad roads. Then we got to power hour with Hank and a man going together between four and five. The Humpers solo five to seven working off those calories. Panthers at the 70s. I can tell he still hasn't called to invite me to lunch or anything like that. Banceted. What's wrong with you, man? Sure, how call today, Panthers at the Amable Leafs of the Erkanid Center at 739 Father of the End Capon Show, just a few days left over, he gave away were getting up to NADD and no. Should ask Clarence that when he came in there, but all he did was come in and by the way. But it would play. Talk a lot of crap, you know. In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll All ever here, Allie McNeil, purges all the Christmas favorites. Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Allie McNeil, purges all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruitcake. Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! raid all four so we'll sing in Christ. Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Oof! Old Hyde! hoy. Oof! Oof! Oof! What says he chump liver or what? No, not at all. He's uh, he's in the running. What does that mean? He's right there, man. I know he's right here, but I mean, do you want to work on it? Sure, would you like to take good Josh's place and I would love to take Josh. Take all the abuse that he gets. I will say this right out front. I don't know you, so I certainly don't love you. You know, I want to say that right off the bat. Well, I was with you last year when Josh fell asleep for a network. But I wasn't there though. Yes, you were. I was in the studio? Well, no, you, yeah. I don't know you face the face, but I've worked with you. Well, like I said, if I don't know you face to face, how could I love you, you know? You know. I don't love Josh, you know. I don't love Josh, you know. I like him, he's a good guy, he's the finds job, and I love him. I'm not that crazy. I am crazy though. I will see that. I'm a crazy person. Well, let me just ask Josh a question here. Please do. That has nothing to do with Maddie Bell. What will get to that eventually? When the whole audience has joined us. But when we got to ratings tomorrow morning and 11. 3d too much of the fall book. Any interest? Okay. If you were like trying, you just got through tummy, you had some bad experiences on my space. Yeah, that's a make-use. Well, let's just use a hypothetical. Okay. Let's say that there was somebody on there who contacted you and they started to know you or they embarrassed. You're all one of the situation was and you wanted to cut off the communication. Right. And you had given this person say you're cell phone and you're email address, you're regular email outside of my space. And you've been communicating for a while. And you wanted them to go away. Would not. Let me ask you this. Would you maybe send them an email? Yes. And say, don't contact me anymore. You're getting on my nerves. F-off. Some of that. Would you maybe call them and leave Mr. Moremessage or would you change all your personal information and go on a hiding like some kind of a crazy person? I probably write an email and call them. Say, hey, sorry. We ran into each other. It was a very big. That's right. Sorry didn't work out. Have a great life. I wish you no ill and you're in a whole little mud ever like that. I just was curious. I don't know. I thought because I thought you're not crazy. Don't worry. How are you so sure that? I didn't think I was crazy, but I haven't been sure. Anyway, this morning speaking of crazy because now I have a new pen pal. I got a good friend. Somebody actually know from a down there. It's been a friend of the show for a long time. George knows him very well. I'm not going to use his name on a year because I just I feel uncomfortable and may she how's that or use a e-efficient name by me. And so anyway, I never do this. It's just maybe was my luck is turning now. Maybe I don't, I'm unlike what Harry says. Maybe I should raise her with a wood by her right now. I'll see you find a good machine mine. With the 1606 grand progress of J.F. But I, my blackberry. I usually charge it overnight. Now a lot of people tell me. Don't do that if you keep charging the battery. It has less to the long. Well, it's nice to this long, which is a hell of a long time. And it seemed to me didn't just fine. I just like to make sure it's 100% early in the day if I'm going to like use it a lot, which I don't. But anyway, so that's just a habit. I'm into of hooking up charging it overnight. And it's in the other room. Last night for whatever reason, I'm going to bed. And I had the blackberry in my hand. And so being at lazy fat old slide that I'm instead of going back in the living room, I put in the blackberry and, you know, hooking up to the charge thing. I just put it down on my nightstand next to the bed. 330 in the morning because it starts busing around the email. Well, of course, that wakes me up, which is fine. I don't want my friend, makes you to feel bad about waking me up 330 in the morning, glad that he. Because this is a person who's had a similar experience with a, in his case with a brother. Okay. Okay. Who rejected him totally and just shined and just discarded him like some kind of human garbage. And so he's been hurt very badly. Even though Meshias is head of a sexual as today is long, even more so than you with that's possible. He, uh, he understands the pain. He understands the pain that one male can inflict on another. And it doesn't have to do with sex now. Realize that 99% of the people we all need to say, still don't think that this whole other episode that I've been involved in, rambling on like a lunatic about it's a sexual thing, which is not. It's got nothing to do with that. But anyway, so I do a he, uh, emailed me. I emailed him back, lying there and bed and I'm tapping out on a bike for you. But I beat better book than then we exchanged a couple emails by four o'clock. I was sleeping again. But it's so thank God for him. And you're good. Be a good people. Thank goodness for him. And he's had somebody just wound him. But you see, I don't understand the idea of people on a win flicked pain on each other. Yeah. I mean, I can understand bad marriage. You know, things like that when people over a long period of time really get on each other's nerves. When they cheat on each other, in fact, it would seem to me when there is a sexual involvement in a relationship. There's much greater possibility for hate and angst and psychosis. Am I right? Yeah. How did you do that? But if it's just like an alleged friendship or something like that, it shouldn't, and of course, a brother, I mean, when it's like, you know, a blood relative, somebody grew up with me just to discard you like some human garbage. It's painful. So thanks for the therapy. Make sure you're good people. Okay. Now what was I going to get to a hairy, hairy on the, before I say I'm under the Maddie Bell stuff, will get to eventually. Right. And also, one other thing I do want to say too, since I'm not insane and not a crazy person totally. And this whole business about, you know, I'm going to retire and I'm going to wear, well, what is that all about? Did this, this was an offshoot. The people want to know, man. What people? You know, the people, the people, the people's, no, I mean, there's an offshoot of all this aggravation. I mean, I'm not going to like run away from my job and from 31 years in a market because somebody on a mice faces playing games with my head or playing hide and seek and then go take a peek and well, you know, drown in a creek, whatever. And how that's all about. I'm not going to do that. I'll do whatever the hell I want to do. When I want to do it, like with a poll, we took the old should retire, whenever the hell he feels like it. And like Ralph Redneck told my good co-spread rookie to keep sure that when you've been in a market a long time, the time to retire is, you'll know when it's time. Where was that line? You'll know when it's time. That's right. Well, this is not the time. I need that gambling money to feed my gambling here at a week at Woodbind. Oh, man, these people out there, you crack me up. Some of you people crack me up and somebody make me want to cry. And I just very sad. So Harry and Detroit, see, one thing I've discovered on this show and of course I always knew it. If you talk about people, all of a sudden they come back with a vengeance man, just like that one episode. You know, you talk about somebody on the ear who disappeared. All of a sudden they come back for a little while. I'm not too long, but oh, yeah, I loved it. It was great. And you know, who disappeared? Fill the phony faxer disappeared. Yeah. You may recall, as you want to make a case in last week. Right. And the Friday before that, the last day before you run vacation, I think there was the first of two emails we got from fill the faxer, the phony faxer, phony and a stamp of what that's not his name. And you don't want to else to know who it is. Give him a little life advice and advice about this. And so Monday there was a follow up. And Phil tells me it was the greatest show. Maybe the best show ever because I was talking about him. Well, of course, maybe it was Monday. Maybe I think it was Wednesday when we had all those great causes. And you see you're talking about me. You're getting all these great college. You think it says to coincidence? Fill the phony faxer. Fill the phony faxer. Remember that by Peter Paul in the hairy. Now, let's be kind of hairy. I better do the break in that because I want to give a hairy email just as I want to take some time with it here on ear. So you don't think that somebody who isn't like hiding just in general would go to the lengths of changing other cell phone and their email and hiding and their mind space page and going through, you know, contacting every person they know saying, Oh, I just added change. But you may, it's got to be somebody's hiding for more than me. Yeah, that's on the realm of a little crazy. Yeah, I don't just, and of course, I guess maybe that's also intended like frustrate me that I can't get a message to Garcia. But then again, I got a radio show every day for four hours. And you can be sure that the parties involved might be listening or not. Who cares? It's a great radio. That's what I was told. 948 votes on the poll for hate women they love my space. I'll say this my chance interesting. You know, it's got potential. It's not. Yeah, first. That's how you get sucked in. And you think, well, this is really great. Look at the people in any start exchanging the messages back and forth. And then you realize, you know, I mean, if it's somebody you knew well or you really well and then you can trust, that's a different story. But even my component that was emailing me at 330 in a morning back and I gave him our regular email address. I don't feel comfortable about my space at all. You know what I mean? Yeah, I feel like everybody is reading it. Yeah, I mean, probably I'm crazy about that. But I just feel like it's nobody's reading your messages. But whoever you're sending me to. No, he's not reading your message. So in other words, nobody's reading it. That's right. That's good. That's reassuring. I got news for I never, I never wrote one word during those psychotic two weeks of anything, celacious, sexual, any anyone don't. In fact, the only one thing that was written was by him about certain size of his well, like that. That was just a joke. That's all. I had to do with two size. You know, all those old stereotypes about people with big feet. Things like that. Size 12, by the way. I got your breath, they're beautiful. All right. Absolutely. You can't find them, brand new Xbox. No, we can't be inventory added from me. You're an overtime has begun. Single-belled, single-belled, little bit of stuff. Microsoft, what every kid wants. Parents have checked that the malls are everywhere. Now the territory. The baby hands are shelves on the table. Hell, they sold out right away. Christmas day, time you'll hear your kid wine. Since a really shastest week, good to stay. Sorry, they're all the damn feel of a good thing. If your kid wants it so long, Strangle bill gets point that with me. That's the way to guess. I know with those, throughout a stock on it's rise. What are we going to do? How we should write without the old Xbox? It's a 1032 of you and we have a 969 votes on the floor. We're going to have over 1,000 by 11. I'd be like that. That's going to be great. That is really something. By the way, Chris, you want to start marking these down. You know, make a little a log of this. That's one of the reasons that Josh has left that long in the show. You know, is every day how many votes we had in the pool, not he doesn't care. And he just should you. But they would. So what's wrong with Chris? I have an a job. He sounds like a real guy. I'm sure he endured your hit it off well. Smoke a big fat one or something like that. That's right. In a hallway. For your lot of stuff going on, look at all these effects. And crap coming in. Here's what's this pool. That's a good pool too. Yeah, what is that? It's an excellent pool. If that one, in fact, I think that maybe tomorrow's pool. Thank you so much, all you pool people, especially during the holidays. So right in middle of Chinooka, and it's only six days before Christmas. And it's amazing what's going on here. This is a pool. A fact, whatever it is from Stuttaring Gill. This is a hate to admit, I love road rage. I love to give a person a finger or a FU on a highway. Stuttaring Gill says, how do you like that? A kind of unassuming guy like that. You think it would be like really, although those are the ones to be careful of. You know, those are the ones that really are just blow and just go nuts. So let's have road rage on a pool. Can we handle it? It's out there. You got four who hate to admit that they love my space. How's that? I hate this pool to when that's bad. Second place, 50 and a half percent hate the pool. That hurts my feelings. I want to start crying real bad. And then somebody fasted this into the New York Post. Bridget Moynihan tried to help Mary passed last week to save a relationship with former fiance Tom Brady, but it was too late. Oh, Tom is on the market now. How will all these other people? They didn't even pay for it. It's quarterback was over it. One hand, food down to Miami, December 10th, Thursday. I don't have any idea. A ball made mercy party at the rally. What is that? Hold on. What is that? I don't know. I don't know. Some people could argue at the rally and keep an eye on Tom and set a spy. But Brady was said to be annoyed because while the patriots were in Miami to play the dolphin, he was having a good time at the bars with the local women. When she arrived, I told you there was a reason why they stunt last week. Why they tanked that game that often said, told you that he was in a bag, man. No one travels with a team. He had already broken up where they said one source. The stress on the actress showed she was exhausted looking and the whole richy thin. It emerged through the two broken up two weeks ago. He doesn't need that. Bitch, he's got the lady, he didn't have anybody he wants. Yeah. Including me. Play the market Tom. That's right. Play it fast and lose Tommy. Do it this smart. By the way, that's a watch company. No. She was there for a watch party. She was watching him. And he was watching everything with boobs. So anyway, Steppenwolf, you're with a road rage. Let's see. What was the other unnergott Harry's facts here? Before we get into the very heavy duty stuff of the big news, they were great read and Maddie Bell, Uncle's little Maddie Bell. Pretty money in the audience who wasn't familiar with Maddie Bell and his role in the whole, uh, Beesley and that building there. Let me just say, Oh, he's a little jay, kind of funny look. Yeah, that's some sort of real well. Now, Harry, who's also on my space, and I have a feeling Harry, I know what you're trolling for on there. You're not fooling me. Maybe we'll meet Harry one day on date line. Hahaha. Yeah. Maybe we'll make you famous on date line one day here. I don't think so. Harry seems like good guy. He says, I'm flattered. You mentioned me on your show. Of course, I didn't expect not to be put down, but I was surprised you spent so much time on back. I'm not the one that spent so much time on back. I mean, you would want to give me a whole lecture about how you should you're playing slots and take a back. And then meet the Tiger Woods of back. And Harry. Then he says, My point about all that needs to explain me. Wait till you hear this. I want you to take notes. I'm ready. It says, let me put it this way. You have a lot of morons in your audience. No kidding, Harry. That's obvious from the calls. But you have some smart people too. He says, Hey, I love Book of Brian as much as anybody. But it's neat of God. They don't go. Next the show. You haven't intelligence, not found elsewhere on the airways. Can you feel the suction? And that's why I find it odd. You wouldn't be playing the slots. If there was any way to beat the note would be one thing. He says, then there is. That was one of the first to do the math. The machines in Nevada, maybe elsewhere, two that have progressive jackpots. Where I banked machines are linked to one jackpot. Once you figure out the best percentage plays, I did the poker machines. Then you figure out how high the jackpot has to be before you have an age by playing. I mean, this is like, I'm going to go anywhere. Would like a slide rule like a mathematician. I go there for fun. I don't expect them to win. And most of the time I don't. And a lot of times I do. Many of the outcome out of their win in two, three, four grand whatever it is. And maybe they will come out losing my ass. What's the big deal? I can handle it. It's a hobby. It's fun. Based on that, he says, teams formed in Las Vegas. They had all had pages pre cell phone days. And when somebody observed a bank of poker slots for the jackpot was stable, they called the team members to lock up all the seats in those machines and played until somebody had the jackpot. The odd yoddy odddy. And the load moved off with greener pastures. Anyways, if there was a ways to beat the note would be one thing. It just seems like your odd character watching those real spin around the past the time. But to which his own. I just hope you'll take some time to see those videos I mentioned. If you want to send them to you says, Harry, I don't want you to send me anything. Harry, I can get him my, you know, appreciate you offer. But I don't want him. Sounds to me like Harry's a stalker when you come right down to him. You know what I mean? Better watch your back game. Yeah. Not to big enough. I think I'm my space. I mean, I don't think I know there are a lot of stalkers out there. I'm not one of them by the one that I'm interested in stalking anybody. I'm not going to shrill for anybody's door knocking on the door. Oh, gee, how come you won't talk to me? I'm not, you know, my life is moving on. And like I said, I'll leave this gig when I'm good and ready. Thank Joe Bell said the other day and he actually did say this. I want to put it on the record. He said, you know, if you want to work into you, I would ask what we want. We want you to work into you, croak. That's what he said. And I said, based on joy, so much he's doing it to the show that Croaking part may come fairly soon. So, how do you like Harry's good advice there about, you know, how come I'm going to this time? Because I want to, okay, I don't need advice from the audience and how to spend my money. Who to leave in my will, okay? I don't need that. I mean, I didn't have a little oral support there last couple of weeks during this personal stupid trauma thing that I've gone through. And it has been very annoying and very depressing and deflating. It's not a big deal. It's not going to change my life. This is in some kind of a role man. It's just some kind of a sexual liaison, which a lot of idiotic lunatics out there are. It's just one of those things. You know, it's people, people relationships, life, life isn't just about money. I'll tell you one thing, it's a hell of a lot better to have it than not, you know? It beats you alternative. So, getting up and bending the morning, maybe you don't feel best on a certain day when you wake up at the morning, but you know what? It beats you alternative. At least you woke up, you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah? I hate to admit that I love 999 votes, poor in 295. I hate this 453. Neorodges, 1,277. 127 people love me like crazy. Not necessarily the right ones. That's the problem. Oh, and Teeks Roadshown. I'll tell you one thing, my buddy in the Miami though, that I was even going to realize what a good guy. It's funny, you know, when you know somebody a long time, but not really well. And then you discover what they're really all about. Do I mean? So he's a really good guy. He's a good guy. He's a great guy. Now is he like going into the will? No. What are you talking about? Jesus, man, you are bad. You're as bad as the audience. I think I'm going to give her even numbers. Okay, here I can't stop and you're. Not going in my will. I think that's part of the final of he's going to be in the will. Who? If Josh is going to be in the will. No, Josh will not be in the will. In fact, I said the other day, because these people are trying to come in the Georgia has to be in my will. I said, maybe I'll leave Georgia 100 grand and everybody said, I would be great. That would be wonderful. And Josh says, oh, if he let me just have that much would be great. That's it, man. I'll leave you by 50 cent. Can I get back to the poll, please? Please, please. See, now he's getting like you, Chris. He does want your job. Nice starting to end up with the cost to come. That's good. Or sarcastic to better just rip me an ass man. That's what it's all about. New Rogers, 180 and takes Roach, oh, 96. I still run with that show. Isn't that I want to know? But Chris told us and I was listening. Talk radio 77. Vanilla ice cream 75. Man, that is boring. Wow. How can you love vanilla ice cream? Huh? I can see you like it. With a bunch of stuff smeared on it. But how can you love vanilla ice cream? Just so pedestrian, so bland. Yes. The Carpenter 62, Richard and Karen. Hey, Karen, how about some vanilla ice cream would be good? Dog the bounty 146, musicals 42, Neil Sedacca 14. My space for a four and road rage. We put that on and on. Let's start ring your looks for that. Nobody's going to vote for our love road rage, are they? Hey, it's out Florida? Okay, said it's probably going to be number one. 994, right on the cusp of a thousand. The biggest name. Let's go. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. The biggest name. Rock solid. Howard David's a bitch. I was seeing here. I never said go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. Five, eight, seconds. Go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. Let's grab $ 8." I've got to go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. I've got to go on. I've got to attend the College of Please for 포... hunters. Vårgs. Your daughters in parks.omy a son. Vårgs, pig hunting. Featday. mother fight. Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Get up and get up! Kick! what! K with your� towards your dad? Time to go! Calm down honey, I'm going! Like I heard you're going that way when I go! You promised me to do it now. So sorry. Just want to give him a slight dismissed ride. Thank you. Alright, thank you! Good morning! The rest of the WCM happy Tuesday, six days before Christmas, man, outside of we are kicking some big nasty ass and don't forget tonight for that checkpoint that I still can figure out. Yeah, there's a bit of a day somewhere. Yeah, somewhere in Danish, somewhere between here in the Uranus. Flower chair, self-is-defeated, well conducted traffic, today for an operation tonight. From approximately 7 p.m. will 10 p.m. in the 300 block of Dixie Highway, or the 52-ed block of South West 40th Avenue both in Danish Beach. Vehicles will be inspected. Forty-fective safety equipment motors will be asked to show their driver's license registration approval insurance and I sure hope they evaluate your current address or any driver's license. Okay? I mean, if you want to those people that moves around like, and you got some old address from a hell in there or somewhere like that, they're not going to let me too happy about that. They're probably dragging your hands off again. Okay. Let's see, what's this other fast? We've got all kinds of four days pulled. Oh, this is good. Yeah, we got some of the facts this coming today. Yeah, we got, we, I told you this, you didn't believe me. It started last Wednesday. We turned the corner man. Is that was in my 19th room, it's breakdown or whatever was going on? I think the audience just finally started to understand the human element or something like that. In fact, I still got this facts from George's buddy Joe, you know? Jacob's ex-nabor, Joe. Okay. And he says, this was a side of him that has never been witnessed in one that brings him down to our level. I don't know what that down to our level means, I don't know what that is. But see, one of those people I'm like a real living and breathing person with the emotions and feelings and whatever. But, there's some guys that a lot of guys out there, the only nerve endings are on the end of their, you know what I'm saying? That those are the only nerve endings that have any feelings, which is unfortunate. For today's pull, I hate to admit I love home and garden shows, cottage cheese and good country music. Oh man, what could be better than listening to some good country music, eaten some cottage cheese, watching home and garden show? Sounds exciting. Let's see, I don't know if you're a pool building, but how about more? A lot of suggestions for this pull, which can't hurt because maybe it will bring down that I hate this pull. Remember that's bad? Right in the middle of the holidays, it's just like in my face. Oh, right. 15 and a half percent I hate this pull, that's bad. You know, do bad pull on this show, man. Plain slot machines. Okay, that's not bad. Just in relation to that, although you wouldn't admit to it because you don't love playing slot machines, but if you did. No, I don't. Why should that be a closet thing? What do you mean? I guess I guess because people like you create these stereotypes of all those old parts that sit there feeding the machines all the way. That's who play, man. Get out of here, you're full of belonging, man. It's telling you, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? You're the expert, you really? Yeah, I don't know. That's how you lay it like five minutes. You might, you know, you might see a couple people that would buy that walk by that are young that are given at a shot, like me, you know, maybe you did throw a 40 bucks in there. Wrong. Wrong. It falls for you and Niagara Falls, which is a real casino with 3000 slot machines and all the table games. Everything else. There's tons of young people are especially like at night around a weekend or holidays. You got to understand if you go to any casino in the middle of the daytime, who's going to be there? Old people. Right. Retirees. Old, the crepant parts looking for a little few laughs like me, you know? That's who's going to be there. But if you go there in the evening, and in fact, even the daytime they're plenty young people in there. What's how they're doing, where they got that money, I have no idea, they're probably doing drug deals, who knows? I'll have to ask. Thousands of other votes on a poll, not even 11 o'clock yet, but I really put some big feather and everybody's camp. I'll get to your Maddie Bells during a minute. But there's a little more on this, you know, say, I think she's a little bit more important than Maddie Bell or Greg Reed. I could be wrong about that, but I think more guys in the audience are hanging on the edge of their seat with an update for a Miss USA. They're worried about ugly, uh, Greg Reed and short little, uh, quizzily Maddie Bell. Well, Miss USA suffered the same fate as many and apprentice you're fired at it from Donald Trump at S. You're fired, did it. The Miss Universe organization owned by Trump at NBC, skates with a new news conference, so they discuss Miss USA terror counters come under fire. And they'd report she had not, she had visited bars when she wasn't yet 21. Connor turned 21 yesterday, the legal drinking agent in New York. In a statement last week, the organization's first in Paula M. Schubert said officials would evaluate Connor's behavioral and personal issues also checked to see if those movies are real. To see what we can do to work with her, what we will do about her reign going forward. Interesting enough, it says her reign, our REIG and her reign going forward and she's a picture here carrying an umbrella. Interesting. You see the plan words there? Miss USA is considered a role model and her conduct must be flucked at Miss Universe organization's spokeswoman, Mark Marie Antonset last week. Behavior such as under-range drinking is clearly prohibited to set. Trump declined this question behavior last week, but said if Connor did get the boot, first run our Miss California to meet Go Nash would take over Miss USA. We have to make it a Sydney said there's no question to boot that. At telephone message, but for Connor with a grandma wasn't returned last week. Or in that's wait, she's with her grandma. Connor or five foot five bond has been competing in pageants since she was four years old, kind of like John Beney. After winning the US, a title in April, she finished fourth in the Miss Universe. Pageants named July, I'm an easy-going down-to-earth girl, Connor said in her contestant profile, throughout my life, hardships and different experiences made me a very humble, yet strong individual. It's because of these lifetimes I become the first time today with big boobs. In 2002, Miss Russia, Alexander Fedorova, one of Miss Universe's pageants was stripped of her title after violating her contract. From said Fedorova didn't show up for some photo shoots and charity events. It was the first time a title older been hosted in the contest world in 50 or history. Never trust those Russian chicks, Josh. Okay. We had on this universe from Russia that was a total disaster and we fired a tutor and Miss Panama took over to the great Trump said Fedorova did not know that she was fired such a game of the title voluntarily. But if we'd better go put it up. So there you go. As they laid us, at least it's kind of as a scrutiny or a paris or a brain, gelina or any of that stuff. Everybody just relaxed with the, you know, what are we expecting from these bimbos or impagants? They're sluts. Let's go. They're just party girls. So let's roll with that. Yeah, just let them be. Who doesn't like a good slut? Friendly slut? Right? Thousand and twenty votes on the full. Let's see. Plainslots don't have any votes. Kind of she's a girl. One would have one would have meant that. You like kind of cheese? I used to. I don't like it anymore. I just, it's just something I never would buy. I mean in other words, if it was something I went into a restaurant or like a steak and they had like a little cottage cheese on the side. I would eat it. I don't dislike it. Yeah. But I've been to go to the supermarket. I should have just held it open. I'm a thing of cottage cheese. Oh, man. To me, that's like vanilla ice cream. That's worse. But then again, it must be some people out there who have, you know, speaking of nerve endings. They have no taste buds. Their taste is in their tuft. So evidently, those are the people who like vanilla ice cream. And then another big one is butter pecan. What is the big, similar with butter crunch? Hmm. See, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not for toffee. I don't know about you. Anything with toffee in it? I like coffee. I like coffee. You ever had like briars coffee ice cream? How about better than that? How about Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch? I've heard about that. You haven't had that? No. How about you, Chris? No, sir. You're not an ice cream guy? Um, I like ice cream a lot of big coffee ice cream or drinkers of coffee. Coffee toffee crunch, man. Forget about the coffee part. Coffee toffee crunch. It'll set you free. It'll keep you really occupied all that. And then too, by the way. I can imagine. It'll keep you real close to home. How are we doing on that pool? We got, uh, that's where it will be over a thousand already. How come I keep flipping that thing over there? And Brady Quinn keeps coming off the edge of the screen there on it? You know what I mean? Are you going to put Tom up? Now that he's single? I'm not going to put Tom Brady on my screen, sir. We're okay. I've got that really. Yeah, man, you know. On our, on our, on our, my space paid is that on my space. Or are we going to pay? It's on my space. Yeah, I have Tom Brady video. It's just cute. It's fun. All the people I've said with Tom Brady. All you guys, too. Hmm. Yeah. He's, you know, I love him. He's a great quarterback. And he looks still looks very good. But I have no sexual, uh, yeah. I mean, if he walked in here right now and said he was very despondent because he broke up with his girlfriend, I would do my mental show. No problems, you know. But, uh, he's not, I mean, he's not on, I mean, he's not on, physically. He's not on the same league with Brady Quinn. Okay. Tom Brady's got a pretty face, you know. Okay. But the rest of, I mean, he's, he's, he's, he's not well built. From the chin down, he's, uh, a mess. He's not, uh, my cup of tea, man. And of course, you wouldn't know because you wouldn't look at that. Even though we got all these practically, that one naked picture. Remember that one? Yeah. Locker room? Now, wait a minute. Wasn't that, that wasn't really him though, right? It was him. It was Adam Venetary. It was in a background that somebody was trying to, Listen, I know Tom Brady when I see him naked. Okay. It was him. I'll take your word for it. But he ain't no Brady Quinn. That's what I want to say. And of course, I hope that filled the chronic phony fracture, phyllo's and get upset because we mentioned both Tom Brady and Brady Quinn and Phil's just starts shaking and quaking when he hears those names. The Army's saying, so come out, come out, come out. Hey, what the fuck are you in the time 60? You ain't down. The New Roger shall. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Any questions? No. Oh my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. That's the new name. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And on that islandwhere there's both nicer, Theicial kids 001 a night, If I want to see you grab the balls Who made it wow? Look at that kid You made cheap on that toy type gravy Whip I'm not gonna run I got a lot of them keep the streets That helps me see his bones I can do what I want of that I ain't gonna get against them All the days of a business school Okay, that's not so great But I'll go through the new family At least until it's my age All right I'm great now I want to win You made cheap on that toy type gravy No Who made it wow? Look at that kid You made cheap on that toy type gravy Wait Oh, we're waiting to do this guy for some of the fate of the reign of Miss USA Waiting that it's breaking newsman speaking of great things Pretty hard Yeah, as your wallpaper, this terror conner's replacing mine Although I'm being honest, it's just showing a close up of the face She's adding a little puppy Yeah, you Google it and there's some goodness Oh, she looks really good there But there again see how you are watching CNN I'm sure you're not No, I'm positive of that Well, I mean, there was a picture of her She got a lot of shit She had a month or some layers She looked okay, like normal soup I know you'd like to see her chiefs for this beside the point Can I get to something a little bit more serious Then we got to get into your old manny bell thing We got to take a zillion calls I don't think there would be a lot of calls the rest of the week I could be wrong And then next week I'll be on vacation in Georgia be here I'll be having a lot of important lunches I'm going to make up stories about how the good calls we got So let me ask you again, will you leave in the show? The news meeting might spend time talking about success She's a senator Tim Johnson but Some of the South Dakota Democratic Party's company She's dead will go back to work Thank God for that man We don't need the fashes to take control of the Senate back Because this poor guys illim That's the easiest question for me to answer She said Brendan Johnson, the second oldest child of Tim and Barbara Johnson For my conversation with the doctors and based on the progress he's been making I feel very confident that he's going to be getting back to work sooner rather than later It was the first interview he would give him by Johnson family Embersence the senator was hospitalized he simmered 13 with stroke five symptoms Followed by brains, her junior George Washington University medical center in Washington Brendan Johnson says I mean, I mean, I don't think about pretty quitty No, what's his name there? Angamardo Johansson, what's his name? Joa Joa, I haven't inherited I can't even think of his name anymore he's so bad Joey Harrington, bad, pathetic Brendan Johnson says his confusions came from talking with doctors Also seeing how his father is in neurological exams It's also known my father and the idea of him missing a single day of work Little on week to work is going to be very difficult for him to swallow He said like many other people on South Dakota Soon as he can be back he'll be back That's what Tim Johnson said I'll be back he didn't say quite like that But he tried A waiting a news conference on the rate of mis USA With those big gigantic bazungas 865 members on our friends on our my space page 865 friends And I think these are all friends really some of them I notice now there are people who like apply to be friends on it Because I'm starting to get involved because Miguel's got other things to do Like chase certain people around the building But like there's one that says this profile is no longer It's got the big extra you know no picture right deleted And since this profile no longer exists Right that's people that got sick of my spaces What do you mean by that? Another example? Yeah they canceled their you know their profile Well I know somebody who did that but you know who cares But in other words they cancel us or we canceled them No, I mean you can go on in cancel whoever you want I mean you can go in the settings and you know Yeah I just so he could have just set his profile private to you personally And you know everybody else you know could see him Are you trying to make a beginner or you have assessed with poor Jacob? I can't you leave him alone Sounds to me like your jealous. I never offered you for you and my will I am Adam Total sounds like real jealousy to me Two years man You know and admittedly an act of sheer lunacy on my party You know what but we all make mistakes We're all emotional beings and at the right time and a wrong time Yeah you make some kind of a gesture with the best of intentions of course and it's like oh jeez You know what he's a crazy person and I will admit I was a crazy person for about two weeks But I'm back to a abnormal a thanks to my good friend Moishi there in the county Next kind of unusual at the very lucky wasn't that I'm propitious to him And I stick that blank area on my night stay and last night never put it there ever Now ever is there reason for like the three thirty thing? I mean it's not like we're on different times You know I don't even know okay, but I was you broke up I would like all let me return it no big deal free thirty in the morning I didn't know what that was and I reached over and I grabbed the black We're not click the thing and I saw there two messages and I saw who they were from and I thought But and of course you don't know if somebody contacts you in the middle of night Maybe they couldn't sleep maybe they got their own issues which he obviously does My close personal good friend who's a good guy and doesn't deserve to be screwed over by anybody His family anybody else and either to lie for that matter, okay? What's all the life ever do to anybody? I received a little freight train and I never even got into a loose caboose with the Donald is making me an outman Oh, here we go for our current miss USA Tara Connor Yeah, not been easy Polish you got all of the representatives of this universe and miss USA Have been working very very hard on a very very difficult very very very very very pan here And very very pan How's it and two? Yeah, I fired oxana federal of a you fired it in the universe Be sure what's that? He did a terrible job She didn't do her job. She was a very beautiful woman did not do her job And it was an easy thing for me to do In the case of Tara She made some very very bad choices some foolish choice. Oh my god And she will readily admit she made some mistakes. Oh my god some of those mistakes were bad mistakes I've just met For a pretty long period of time with Tara All of these things we talked about a lot of things And to be honest I expected fairly routinely That we would be terminating Tara as Miss USA Oh, after speaking to her I saw not only a beautiful young woman I was not even offered couldn't refuse you don't say So somebody that had a good heart that really really tried She left the small town in Kentucky And she was telling me that she got caught up in the world when that's New York right we all know excuse I thought she was a real class act. She's in the earth. She's a plus A story that's happened many times before sure before many women and to many men That came to the big apple They wanted this one to the gap They got a place that was not so we had all of that already when that stupid purple hair I was always been A cartoon character if it's actually that what his money's got to have purple hair I've always been Tara is a good person Yeah Tara has tried hard I'm not kind of what kind of agreement they came to the other Tara is going to be given Another check in check Of course Yeah All right, I'm clapping You know what they say Have it tough roads See there you are now I'm so glad that this happened you don't know her from Adam's apple He's hot I'm going to hear you go that's all I'm sorry Exactly there you go I don't even need to meet her I rest my case And you're giving me crap for like getting obsessed with somebody I mean right although mine was not a sexual attraction Yours obviously is so therefore I'm like at least a civil pames I'm a human of literature Well I haven't put Tara in the will yet But you know maybe we can come up with an agreement like the Donald did I'm sure you would If you had anything believe I'm sure you leave her a chunk of it Which isn't going to sit really well with that Russian girlfriend years You better start making a men's right now Oh anyway Can I get back to this thing this profile no long resist The profile and this is see I don't understand it because it's somebody who was They were I don't get it That means they be the believe it their profile Oh, but this is not a male thing in other words This is somebody who sent a message and they've been deleted Yeah, you know I've been getting that myself I don't understand that either Says the profile that we see this message from has been deleted either This usually deleted their own profile Or my space deleted for spamming and or constant violations To remove this message click the delete button below And so now it's in my trash room But in other words this was in the mail And other with somebody was sending us something Now why would they be somebody who would have deleted us and they're sending us something Well, maybe maybe it is we deleted them You get a lot of spam emails these days on my space You do Yeah, I mean I've gotten you know the only ones that I've gotten Maybe we need to call the spaminator That's right Or the Terminator You know you get it like a hot chick and you're like Ooh, who's that and you click on the profile and send you to some porn site Really? Yeah, I could link that up. It's easy You know A good one No, no Anyway, speak of that I just when you relax it's just oh we never got to all your meeting at Well, I said you're talking about really milking it for hours and hours This has been great I think I've turned the corner mentally and emotionally Psychologically career wise Sounds pretty good, don't it? I'd say good one thing when you've been when you've been poor not four hours of BS every day for all the years that I've been poor not it comes easy man It just just went into that open your mouth and it pours right out Just like Linda Blair in the exercise I hate to admit that I love porn through 111 I don't I just don't understand that Why that's doing so well? What's it? What's it to admit? So I'd say I hate to admit that I'm human Yeah, right? I hate this pool 167 That went up to 15.7 Percent Curse on those people man, a pox on you Neorage is one thirty twenty thirty two They love me like crazy From a distance from a safe distance far far away Well, look at the way to sun shining its beautiful man And takes a row show ninety eight Talk radio eighty three. I love an ice cream seventy seven We feel so bad about that the carpenter's sixty eight Dog the volume 151 Musicals forty three. Nils at aqua fourteen Nice face seven. Be very very very very careful I'm wondering right now be real wary on my space Even Josh Curtis warned and you get the locked in man You get hooked on that thing and all of a sudden your life is more than dime Hey to a man I love country music for I would hate to a two by hit it College cheese three home and garden show three road rage one and playing slots so far has got Oh, I'm not what anybody hate to maintain joy there Maybe Harry from the trouble for that eventually if he finally gets on this thing If he can figure out how well he obviously can because you may my space person How though we put golf on the pole Ooh When I heard his two places, no actually got three places to go Have a nice interview third one yet Here's your girlfriend Here's your girlfriend She's very little patience and thank you to the kids And I'm very happy to be here Come on say you can't be there Testing yes they'll be doing drug testing yes This is really getting hungry so this will be the exciting part well until the The party on the podium is definitely which way it was going to go and there's terrorists I had a lot of people associated with me the equation I made a lot of really she's winking a people in the crowd I don't think winking honey is the appropriate way this is not the appropriate time to be winking and blinking and not even flashing What she's winking it me she was not winking a you are you must be dreaming I thought I was the one that was a crazy person I think she had an eyelash and that's what it was Yeah, that must be it she had a star in her eye and her eye on some guys fly and I can solar I felt that in there She don't look good. I tell you right now she looks she doesn't look good there She's not that great. Listen. I want you to listen to this, okay You're gay and I'm telling you that that woman is fine Do not agree with that before I just said right there right now see you're in denial I'm trying to say right now. She's not looking so good. She's looking pasty and in the bad kind Right, she's probably both now she's not looking so good. Yeah, she's although I will say this. She doesn't have that puffed up right cheek She did before and I won't clip they show Well, she's still got huge boobies, but she's got this outfit on there's no way she's got she's covering a whole deal up You know she's wearing like a man set that it especially that's a woman thing Maybe Tom Brady's going after Miss U.S. saying now. Maybe that's why he dumped out of the broad I think that you think that's in the cards could be you could get her now. Where the hell did she just go? She just uh oh, there she was she went and got something We'll something something She's got her Miss U.S. anything Okay, any other question is this this is like This is like It's so ridiculous she's got a lot of stuff. She comes back and takes the Miss U.S. Say whatever you call that thing Sach and puts the Sach over her ass over our shoulder You're not going to prevent it. Why not? Look in dark. She's looking like I don't know not that good. Yeah, we should all look so dark Court of some I want to see the evidence of her and Miss T. New I say kissing I thought I was the old pervert Not today. I hate to admit I love her Thousands seven eight votes On the full we're gonna do a number today man Mark it down. We're gonna do a number I'm just so distracted by the fact that she looked so off and I won clip man She looked really phenomenal She's looking no she doesn't look she looks I don't know like in the bag no in the L. Sacco it was just crying and she looks great She was just crying. Have you know that? I was I've been watching it ever since I turned it on I've been watching I saw her give the speech what she was crying Oh, I see those M is part of this thing Well, then I went into a movie for crying out like you should enter in a ruptured All these desperate guys out there. They want to hear me reading about I'm not hearing her hearing her crying I'm not hearing her crying I'm not hearing her crying My god, they probably be rubbing their knee cap Now she looks I don't know Anyway, they're she is on your TV right now The Donald is there and I tell you one thing she looks better in him Oh, man I got it's got millions and millions maybe even billions of dollars And Miss God can't afford like I have to go see Chuck Alphayeri Give him the number no charge for you Donald Purple here I mean what is that is that the new D-Low like wild colors? Who knows? I thought that was like a gay. You know guys that died there her purple and red and stuff like that Oh, now here come all the cameraman and the cameras are flashing and like I'm gonna keep the tbsp About the area What a cornball a presentation, you know I'm gonna be sure you're happy with the outcome The presentation. Okay, let's get to the important stuff Let's forget about terror counter and stuff like that Keeps off the day Let's get ready for the many great readjust photos yesterday about the future And so be some water A drum roll no, I like that And you know is a very uncomfortable situation Yeah, as I knew it would be I had to go in there and just break them down the situation at hand Yeah, I did that Did you tell me that they haven't been in business offering you a job on the other side of the building Wandering around the building trying to take away QM employees and trying to actually play with your emotions But you should have said thanks anyway because Joe Bellnester and thanks to you I'm making a big bus now I did not say that Thanks to Neil not making a big deal about it so that you don't wind up having a stay on the show I'm making much less money Which I'm all for you making all that they can give you. I'm all for the talent, you know, which in your case And obviously I'm all for you working whatever thing you can get out of them Thank you very much You're welcome and you're not in my will regardless Come on, not even a little No Well, all the pins and who maybe I worked till I croaked maybe I'll work in other several years Maybe I'll have millions and Zidians and I think you should just go out now So I'll be like your last producer or you know the last poor dog You know you remind me of one of my good close personal friends who when I suggested him a couple days ago that was thinking about retiring He started giving me a lecture and I said the only reason you want me to retire is because you're afraid I'm gonna blow all the money I got and then leave you squat and he just laughed, you know I mean great guy and a good friend, but nevertheless, you know this is what does everybody's mind What where do they start where did this come from about everybody think and they want to want to piece of my money are you kidding? I know I started. Yes, but I mean what where did that have to do with anybody else? Well, you're a little miss-happ I'm basically just a little bit It wasn't a miss-happ it was a miss judgment. It was getting over emotional it was the time of the year I thought it would be a really nice gesture to somebody who obviously was extending the hand of friendship and wanted to be a part of my Closenid family and when it was feeding me all kinds of nonsense who isn't who isn't evidently what he pretends to be and what I told you I said I was obsessed with a person who doesn't really exist. Yes, and then this is the internet for this is my space and other places on the internet There are people on there and you can confagulate with them in email and back and forth and have all kinds of Communication and you think you know the person, but you don't that's why I'm telling you this is a fantasy life this whole internet business today Which maybe five or a bunch of punks and look and you know nobody ever got the a sexually transmitted disease from what you know Fiber sex or whatever you want to call it but the fact that the matter is it's just a socially unacceptable But if it makes you happy have a good time and But you want me to apologize for becoming emotional and you know Offering to put somebody in my will and granted it was premature a premature evaluation, but it was done with the best of intentions Okay, okay, and now everybody in their brother wants to either be in the will or tell me who I should leave it to Oh, you got to take care of George. That was another part of one of her is a message is from Saturday About how I got to take care of George and he's been the Ed McMan to the show for all these years I think George said it best the last week. He's I've taken good care of him for 16 years I've kept him with livelihood in the fact that they don't pay him squat and then I can do about that But yeah, I've done him well. I've had nothing poorly by George And he knows that and he doesn't know that and he appreciates and I appreciate everything he does till I'm not a I'm not a hard ass You know I appreciate things people do but And anyway Plenty seems so there you go you updated. I'm going to took an hour and a half update it on virtually everything This is becoming definitely a soap opera When this whole thing started a couple weeks ago and people said, what is like as the warm turns or something like that like a soap opera and life is like a soap opera Or maybe it's more like a body wash opera That goes for radio 560 A Fan is so large. I don't think he has ever seen the butt master machine in his life Oh has the football team the greatest in the land Everybody thinks they're great The buffalo builds on an apple once you what I mean So just sing one you say my name when you say buffalo super cool and here that buffalo Bopble all bells Delicators team and the history of human race But the old bells Delicators dance And sliced bread and can be Yeah, there you go and yeah and you jazz up that redneck stuff. Listen at banjo Holy sweet god listen at we say buffalo bills and don't sound so redneck he do it Everybody sing along now. Are you feel fair? Here we go Well the buffalo builds at a best team they have the best record over the last five years And they went to the Super Bowl for a time which is more than I can say for this come something and they're at the greatest But they really like that uniforms They sure is hell beat that heck out of heaven a fish on the helm a good stand out of Buffalo whole bills The best football team what I ever seen in the history of my life They are the buffalo bills The whole gentleman telly the greatest quarterback of the league Yeah, everybody that buffalo bills They're the buffalo bills and they've been around longer than the stinkin rotten fish well Buffalo bills What would you have to have as a pedophile or a fish? Oh, yeah, that's going hard to man. He is really doing a do a head that you're right by the way And I was wrong she looked really fine when it came back when I tried to show them and look Oh, you got your coming to your senses. Well, I'm just telling you she looks really bad standing next to him I mean you just got sort of fence-in psychotic about you were looking at the dog She didn't look good. She looked really dark and maybe she had cried away all the pancake makeup and she was like She looked bad There just now she looked just as fine as why she looked as close to perfection as you can get almost as pretty as Brady Quinn not quite But nevertheless to eat it so Thanks to my new pen pal, may she did see this is somebody at least I know is not gonna go and pull a vanishing act and disappear And he's gonna be coming up here next month and what is a girlfriend unfortunately, but nevertheless and Yeah brought me out of my deep depression people can like be human with each other they can actually help because a lot of people have had these experiences And of course I knew when I started talking about all this crap on here I was gonna get a lot of garbage from the morons out there, but you know something even without talking about this What do we get from the morons out there a lot of garbage one way the other so what am I care? Stupid crap from stupid people it 118 votes on the pool. I hate to admit that I love porn 324 We know you do I hate this pull 170 15.3% That just tears my guts out Just when I thought that they were all healed up again and somebody reaches in there again with a shoe and just just starts twisting your kiss fees again I think we have a good call twisted kiss fees Just a tie for Tynuka baby. We got twisted kiss keys. I hate to admit I love Neil Rogers 139. Well, there you go Antic road show 100 talk radio 60 88 vanilla ice cream 79. I feel so bad for you people The carpenter 68 dog about another 57 musicals 44 Neil Sardakis 16 my space seven don't get don't get to involved Okay, there are people on there who are looking to do evil things to your heart and your brain and your feet and your Home and garden shows five cut you music for cottage cheese three road rage three and playing the slots Finding out one probably start a ring Hill for what's it that sent that in? I think we're starting it Oh, no, he did the thing with the road rage. Yeah, who said time to slide someone on a sigoof ball 567 05 60 pound five 60 and a Verizon singular wireless line getting it on 50,000 really good calls between now until you'll see All the you don't believe me doing No You'll see well have at least a couple maybe even hearing from Detroit or color by sure hope not in between back in and golfing outings W2Q a and hello Hey Neil I was watching Saturday night live they had a boon in the box on there and Where they were you know, I've been most your listeners. I know what a boon in the boxes Yeah, but they were doing a big skit on boon the box is not with boon but with the boxes and that things that they put in the boxes I see when the bread pit was on a side off stage. You're what's in the box? I see wow Do you follow any of that? What no, what you even know what the boon in the box thing is doing we had an eye website We're of course a Pat Pat boom with a cardboard box and I think both the front As they said he's got it on his thing is matter fact He's got a stump pack boom Thing WQ a and hello and WQ a and hello Neil are we doing okay sir Great listen For the poll I just put one up with the food channel in general I would great I can flavor for you from hog and dog Yeah, it's our cold caramel cone I think that I never tried that. Oh, it's good Great You might not like it because it's the most of it's like vanilla ice cream Okay, okay, what do you say first? The food channel in general food channel. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. Let me have a happy okay. Don't be giving me no more ice cream flavors Please, okay, don't be doing that Coffee coffee crunch is pretty good. I said the other day that since fish food Ben and Jerry says been a strike and I'll bet that's one of Kinsen's fish food and it's very good Coffee coffee crunch. You don't like coffee those and I'm not a coffee drinker because it just explodes my innards But I do like coffee coffee crunch in fact. I might just go maybe I'll get a pint right now and eat it while I'm on the air I'll pop it my microwave for about 90 seconds Get it down to when I have like a nice almost a almost a liquid formula and drink it. You have not into that Into what like me nice frozen, you know hard ice cream. I don't like throwing it in the mic Do you ever get a pint ice cream like a convenience store or a Market anywhere no I buy a barriars Like the big tub, you know Because when you go and buy those pints. They're like they are Lock solid that's the way I like it though you get there. Oh, you can't even that way I needed that take a hack saw. Yeah, that's right. I like the you know Taste better to me. Okay, whatever you say When you leave it WDQAM hello Nilly yes, sir. Hey, what's the be a leaf? Hey, what do you got? There's a special election going on in day County today in district 13 or you'll wear it. No, no, don't know. Don't care It's a recall vote for the touch season Okay, whatever you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five six didn't even rise and see it around the slide Don't know I don't care how's that? I mean, I don't want to put that guy down, but it talk about boring you know I'm saying See I don't know about you, but I'm thinking that my sitting here. We know these two but I spend time stories about stuff that nobody cares about as opposed to all of this personal Full-ishness that all of us have been talking about lately You know, people much rather hear that Not that I want to experience it or go through it, you know, but I mean just the people are much more fascinated by that Of course, that's why that's why let's see Well today's two days so in a couple days. It'll be Thursday. I'm a the world keeps spinning around So two weeks ago Thursday that show that I didn't all these people. Oh, that was the best show you ever did That was one of the greatest why is that why is that? Because I admitted to a little humanity and nerve endings in the sensitivity on the air like there was that just with you man and they just if they want to know what's going on with you You had yourself a moment and you sure I didn't have a moment Oh, I said I'm not a moment To be some lunacy insanity Oh, I think was a self hypnosis, you know, and again my my luck my bad luck I don't want to rehash you as it's bad luck. Why did I see that picture on it? This is the one there are six billion people in the world Jacob. There are six billion people There is the one that could have got me reduced me to an emotional cripple and you're asking me Why is that I don't know see if I knew the answer that I would have a billion dollars and then I would leave him My world. I think about fifty bucks I don't know but that's my luck that that's what goes when things are meant to happen In other words, even the repositive or negative way They're gonna happen It's basher if that's what the yachinese is bashered There were the Chinese say that no You won't how we do it on the pool. Let's not start getting back and see you want to keep going back and bad Let's move forward. Okay, not backward. Let's plot ahead I'll I will not be put my blackberry next to my bed anytime again soon That was so that that was strange Yeah, it must be part of my sucking powers again because I mean ordinarily over the course Although I will say that some spam stuff does come through in a middle of the night And you people the Harold stops in in span mail at 430 in a morning okay you morons Because I left the thing on because I had no idea whether we were through confedulating my friend and I at that hour of the morning and we were We had sent back and forth a couple of her very emotional and long and He yeah, oh we did wonders for each other. Isn't that some very corny? Yes, in our time of emotional need. Why is it good guy? You know and also looks pretty good, but you know it see There's this this one first and you would know better than the mess around with but nevertheless He doesn't have to worry about that 1125 votes on the pool and somebody finally voted for playing slots They hate to admit it, but they love the slots take that and put that in your back and in pipe areas Then I'm gonna tell you the guy this to me is or you ride yourself or try to boyfriend or leave the bill God Don boy You have my stomach, my boy People living in Ronpool works like And they forh The fast food like they pulled in sweetaint sausage They are ordered to the girl and the next thing to know they started to her and not go about There's some extraordinary clothes They got all help But burning inside their fruit It had a smell That's when they started to blow Not feeling well When the beanberry tone is lost in the curse that gives the deer That's causing all of this dire rea But non of the sick are going to die They just did a bad case of ecolumars from now about Well, come extra to flow It's not about help But burning inside their fruit It had a smell That's when they started to blow Not feeling well When the beanberry tone should have kept the damn shallu-bar Your might not have made up super Next time you pass the fine say no Even though it's grilled so it's good to go You go Lots of people got to think and wish that they owned a gun So they could hunt down the people who think outside the barn The pain from the crams they felt deep in their gut So next time they'll just go to feet above Not talk about There's some extraordinary blow From talk about How burning inside their fruit It had a smell That's when they started to blow Not feeling well From the beanberry tone From talk about Some 47-30 to the low-5-60 WQA And happy conical and merry Christmas It's not all these things All of these things A new fall from newsway Kessman-fristing data on Hillary Clinton's legability According to the poor Hillary beats John McCain 50-43 percent squished by Rudy Giuliani 48-47 percent And trounces the onchistment Romney 58-32 percent For presumptive rival, Barack Obama Nearly loses to McCain and Giuliani But Trump's Romney is well 55-25 It's important to take this poll And everyone you'll see until they were able to Green Assault it says Remember when Julie Leverman was atop the old four-feel Or how her dean was at 1 percent The public who was very little about Kim Latesalco Obama and Romney No one can predict exactly how a Hillary candidacy will play A whether Obama can live up to the hype That said, Hillary's leader over McCain is interesting Because of what it says about him In previous polls, they sent it from Arizona's handling The feed of the Democratic opponents But in recent months, his numbers have begun to fall Among the independent voters he sloth 15 points since March You know, that's not McCain when never met a war they didn't like He's got a puffed-up team Maybe he could go cheat to cheek with a watcher in there Mr. USA Even McCain is What a grotesque thought that is Talk about tainted goods Even McCain admits that only 15-18 percent of Americans Apportised by the West believe the winner Wack by sending more troops Lots more Americans learn about his dog and support for the war And busy courtship of the religious right They may form a different opinion of the so-called Mabbert and discover he's a sellout Total sellout Let him doubt Watch John McCain sellout Without a doubt 560 560 Pound 560 The Verizon singular wireless lines WQAM hello I like bugs Not good for you, Pally All right Good regulations 560 560 And maybe we ought to put that on Maybe he's embarrassed about it I would be And Pound 560 The Verizon at the Falsview casino in Niagara And I refuse to have a fudge replace Remember the fudge re in the bowling for Columbine? Yes Remember that woman that was working two jobs in Detroit And while I guess one was in Pontiac And she was on the bus And then of course he tracked down the Clark out there in LA And we found out that Clark was a real And you know something that Clark had That major major stroke and he's like We would like that like that Like a cucumber like a fruit like a vegetable WQAM hello QAM QAM QAM QAM QAM hello Neil God Yes sir How are you? I'm good I know you open Canada They don't have public But if you see any of those Benning Jerry public excurses No You should really try Haitian sensation Hmm 560 560 Pound 560 Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM hello Yeah Neil I'm really bummed out about this And it's America thing I thought you'd get fired Yeah but she did not do it Because she was a few weeks away from You know a threatened playboy and plant a pent-out Hey listen I'm going to tell you right now It's just a matter of days before the video comes out online Somebody will have it online to video or her in this teen USA I'm searching for it as we speak Now by two are Disparly Just frantically searching that Maybe we can have somebody put it on our mice face page If I find it How's that sound? If we find the video we'll put it right on our mind We'll put it on the arrogues.com and blow the thing out Look out Eric we're going to blow the thing Well let's just tell everybody we found the video I'm put it on there We'll get any turning in hits on it We got the video of a miss USA Doing this teen USA And vice versa They'll do everything that's ever been invented And something's been discovered yet A bunch of provirts WQAM hello Hello Hello Neil Yes Now you got a shameless request Is it Christmas? Hello Hello Yeah with the phone you've got to see Okay I got a shameless request I would have faded that if I was in the other room Are you starting to not Chris already? Just because you think he's not up to doing your job No he just doesn't know the chronic voice is like I do yet Well so why don't you give him like a high sign man Footing the verb or something like a jump right up and start to Flange the laden like your flap and your arms are going to take off And flight do something Why who who who is that? That was our Reverend friend It was? Yeah I was that voice too Well see you're more on top of it You're more in touch with him than I am When you like jikus is a lot of touch WQAM hello I thought boom in the back And a funny part of that is I believe it I'm sure of it 560560 And pound 560 I mean Verizon and singular wireless line The best news of all is that you're there And I'm here that's the best news of all Every time I think about that Every time I look up the window it puts a big smile On this ugly old tarnished pussy mine How cold is it there? It ain't too cold WQAM hello Hey good morning it's been a good year since I talked to you Really? Yeah how you doing? It's 35 degrees is what it is And there's no wind so it's not really that cold I'm doing fine and how are you doing? I'm doing good I'm doing good I've been away for a year I just got back to show sounds As good as it used to in the old days In the golden days In the golden oldies yeah Pull up this and vinegar and anything else It goes along with it But anyway Just want to call and say hi I see how you're doing and say you're doing a great job Okay, have a great holiday Good day Okay Wow How do you like that? That was far we'd do in here Who didn't even saw like himself But never let in of course George is probably lucky too Because George hates him like poison George is on vacation this week Are we junior? Phil But it's Phil But not the same Phil We didn't get a fast from a chronic phony Factor Phil again Did we? Did we? No we did not And I'm just mentioning that Because I'm sure the audience is sitting on the Collective inches of the collective seats Waiting for like another update But probably you know phony Factor Phil Since we don't talk about him all the time I'm on a show don't make a whole show about him He's probably not too pleased about that 560560 560560 560 The Verizon singular Wireless line I totally get a lot of great calls Today you were a skeptical Like this one here QAM hello Yeah I've got it Okay sir It's Pete's old chronic phony Wow I just want to tell you we should have the holidays And I'm a long time listen You know we go way back Your chronic Pete Not really Chronic Chronic In fact I got your effects on the The Dingo check for it right in front of me There would you name it That's my public service to society Sound like an old man now Pete Well I am the old we'll get an up there Yeah I don't know How about former born off son of always at INZ INZ Going back to the good old days Any social Why spend no John Boward Touching a vacuum of column That's then stay later Okay, hey listen take care of yourself Pete What do you know Yeah, I want you to think one word Backgammon Okay, think of that When you find somebody that has no life Always in a mean pizza with guy But I have no life His mother and he's obsessed with me and with his show Just have to say good guy though He would you're never turned on me I'll take it out Those who know me the best They're just obsessed You know I mean he'll be Yeah, he's very worried if people are obsessed with it Run me other way Change all your change your underwear Change your shoe size Change all your phone number Change your red dress Very very often even more often than usual I'd rather like a son of a bitch Wouldn't you? Yes And as far as the wheel thing is concerned I will say this I am going to put everybody in there for a little piece And I will be the right thing to do This is like chicken egg vocabrine You know what's he going to do once I'm gone What else is going to keep his sorry ass alive Right Well, that's very nice of you So maybe I take like 300 grand out of there What's 300 grand when you make it a big bucks like I am 300 grandly like George 150 Now I leave George 200 See in 90 Notice any response to because his George's number goes up That means everybody else's number goes down Listen I'll just stay strong at that pity You know you just I'll be happy with that And what is Chris good out of this he hasn't even started yet Now I'm not leaving me in my world Chris I don't even know you that's okay But maybe if I get to know you but I doubt it Oh no sister three out of that 200 for George Maybe about 60 for chicken egg and 40 for you Fair enough You'll take 40 see was he wanted 54 now he's down to 40 I bet he might even settle for not Turned him in surprise me The biggest name So best challenge for this is real rock Speed it well the world out on WQA This year Bringing the holiday season with a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell It's a macy gray Christmas Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Claming award winning vocalist Macy Gray Sincenestile that's beyond compare at a language that's beyond comprehension Oh On a macy gray Christmas Macy sings for her you'll type favorites like Hi there in a thing Pruh in your home and this in this I'm from classic Macy Gray Christmas Macy Gray Christmas is available at your local gang Yeah from 0 to 560 WQA I'm happy holidays from all your good piezons and even from us at QAM Heather Witts Written article in the year what is this live science magazine I'm sure we did that on a religious basis all the time Heather Witts writes a brief history of human sex Birds do what these do what humans since the long time have done it But just how much is the act really changed to the millennia and even in the past decades Are humans doing it more are we doing it better sort of say scientists But it's how people face up to the truth about their sights like that changed the most over the years Humans have basically been the same anatomically for about a hundred thousand years So what is safe to say is that if we enjoy it now then so did our cave dwelling ancestors and everyone else since I've heard say Even a fist-off caveman there on the drag code spots even he's a a vial animal no doubt Just as our bodies tell us what we might like to weed or when we should go to sleep they lay down for us Our pattern of lust says University of Toronto Psychologist Edward Shorter Asking the musical question or maybe answering it is Edward Shorter sex is always offered pleasure He says Sexualities have lots to do with our biological framework agreed joy and Rogers director of many relations And lecture a John Hopkins medical institutions people and indeed all animals are hardwired to seek out sex And continue to do so rather to send a reason interview I imagine that in evidence that people at least like sex even if they don't they engage in this a biological imperative even if they hate it even if they can't stand it It is nearly impossible to tell hi ever whether people enjoyed sex more fifty years ago or fifty thousand years ago said David Bus Professor of Psychology at the University of Texas author of the evolution of desires strategies of human meeting strategies Emma said something to do with my space There is no reason to think that we do it more now than in the past although we're certainly more frank about it bus-to-live science Indeed cultural restraints rather than anything anatomical I've had the biggest effect on our sexual history Shorter say To be sure what people actually experiences always a mixture of biological and social conditioning Desire surges from the body the mind interprets what society will accept and whatnot And the rest of the citizens are ended up by culture he writes in his book written in the flesh a history of desire written in the flesh The mind interprets what society will accept more and other words if you see somebody really a hot like an a shopping mall Yeah mind processes that and from why but then you realize that it's such that acceptable reach out and just read that person start like finally and doing all sorts of grotesque and wonderful things to them Hopefully you're my register that unless you just keep locary to away That's not to say that cultural norms keep people from exploring the taboo but only what's admitted to openly a corn archaeologist Timothy Taylor a great Britain's University of Bradford But it's all these people studying this crap men isn't that make you feel a lot better about life Makes me feel so much more secure The idea that there's a sexual line that must not be crossed but in practice often is is far older than the story of eavescent eavescent takes of other serpony rights in the history of sex four million years of human sexual culture four million years man Religion especially is held powerful swarrowed a minds attitude toward the bodies carnal desires most sexual psychologists agree Men and women who looked during the past middle ages were certainly affected by the fear of sin shorter said that we know that there were other inhibiting factors to consider to Maybe all that heavy clothing leaves to where made a little bit more difficult to think Like the nights you know all that armor and craft that they were yeah, that would have so not really a good idea for a Quickie the low priority attached to sexual pleasure by people lived in distant times is inexplicable unless one considers the hindrances that existed in those days shorter rights He points especially the thousand years of misery and disease often accompanied by some very unsexy smells and itching they're led up to the industrial revolution After the mid 19 century these hindrances started to be removed and the great surge toward pleasure begins he says Many historians in psychology see the late 18 hundreds is kind of a watershed period for sexuality in the western world Would the industrial revolution pushing more and more people together literally in dense culturally mixed neighborhoods attitude towards sex became more liberal The liberalization of sexual decay to the high gear by the sixties with the advent of the growth control pill letting women get in on the fun and act on the basis of desire as men always had a corner shorter The 1960s vastly accelerated this on hesitant willingness to grab sex for these sure sake a physical pleasure We said noting that the trend of openly seeking out sex is because it feels good rather than for procreation the loners continue on unabated into the new millennium No, you've got to be kidding me But despite the modern tendency towards sexual freedom even today There are vast differences and add to the cross the world us for it say Culture is very tremendously and how early they start having sex how often they are about and how many sexual partners they have said bus No-dimeth swedes generally have many partners in their lifetime and Chinese typically have few And in formal 2005 global sex surveys sponsored by the condom company durex confirmed buses views Just 3% of Americans pulled call their sex lives monotonous compared to a size of a 26% of Indian respondents While 53% of Norwegian's wanted more sex than they were having it respectable 98 times year on average 81% of the Portuguese the Portuguese He required happy with their national average of 106 times a year and so once every three days kind of like what's his name? They're Kenny on a morning show Who seems obsessed with talking about how many times he and his wife are doing the deed keep talking about a Kenny they love it Rating tomorrow by the way, sure we'll take some big ass You think? Yeah, I hope so Like I said about 20,000 I think for you Though full numbers and surveys offer an interesting window when the sex lives is stranger They're still constrained by the unknowingly some people to open up about a part of their lives that's usually kept behind closed doors And what if we weren't found by such social limitations Taylor offers the promiscuous and very laid back Bonnabo chimpanzees a utopia example Bonnaboes have sex most of the time a fairly quick perfunctory and relaxed activity that functions as a social cement he writes But for cultural constraints we would all be hit more like Bonnaboes But for cultural constraints in other words if we didn't have cultural constraints we'd be doing all kinds of crap all the time And physical terms he says there's actually nothing that Bonnaboes do that some humans sometimes do as well There you go Why to be a Bonnabo? There's that Bonnabo. I have no idea you know a Bonnabo monkey Yeah, he did a why. 117 9 votes on a way a poll Let's see if we're down all under 15% I hate this poll I feel so much better about our lives In the sunshine state where it ain't so great 14.7% Under 15% hate the poll today. That's that's bad. I hate to admit that I love I don't see anything wrong with this poll. Do you can you explain that to me? Oh, I like it. Do you really? Yeah, well good. Well it's about time back up to 30 now 567.0560 0560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. Look at that phone man. That is a doorknob really quiet I told you be we have a lot of great calls, but you don't have too many nice eight of that. Yeah, they're great Yeah, they're great. Yeah, they're great. And certainly it's a great one. WQAM hello QAM Now Not there. WQAM hello Yeah, yes. Hey, how are you? It's good. Yeah, let's let's see for a long time and I think you're capable of this. You put together a medley of a sandy-fated migranari ambush of a Sally Fitt. Yeah. And you know, sandy is my hated each other. Yes, I do know that. And yeah, I want to really want to say some you along. What do you really want to tell me because so far it's been a little bit good. It is weak work and I say, you know, this is the obvious, I'm your typical caller, but I have to say this. You really do keep a little bit of a mind me history alive with all of these folks that you you know, jab occasionally. Because you know, this sounds weak when it comes to any culture at all. You have a nice day. Oh, there's your friends Sandy. Wow. I would love to keep you awesome myself. She was a better. They hated her life voice. Everybody in the building yourself, Sheel hated like for his never drain how they Pad. You got no material. Good guy, no material. material zero but he's trying to like it's sad you know he's trying to like rise above the rest didn't you think he was trying very hard not succeeding but trying very hard yeah good job trying wqa m hello well yeah sir i think we could all agree that josh would be a great replacement for jor what do you think yeah well at least he came up with something different today you know little different angle on the usual a boring crap Georgia's on vacation this week as you well knows her call aback next week and have him hang up on you i'm sure you'll enjoy doing it five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty in fact maybe we'll switch it around josh gets to under grain in the world's your good sir forty uh i like it well why should i leave you seriously and let's get serious okay that's the 200 grand i got to leave the jakeham oh that's terrible what do you mean by that oh he he's uh in that all of it means it's got his history is just a coward that's all he's just run away like a like a child you know a coward it's okay a lot of people like that they're terrified of me you do know that you don't understand that i have this bad or yeah he's to be an evil person in a hard ass that power you know right and i'm just just an old soft to old uh queen that's all just a a puffy old guy nevertheless i think uh maybe a million for jakeham forty cents for jory and how about Harry you know that back and then the golf at two expensive hobbies i think Harry's probably plunging his guts out on the internet back and i just i'm telling you well what thing about the internet whatever you want it it's there you know i mean in the words no matter what you're stupidity or what your weakness no matter what you're looking for it is there that is definitely true you can lose every time you've got you can go in the gym you can find out by having people break your heart to destroy your life whatever you want if you want it is on the internet thanks al Gore the biggest of the way to a family this is the rocker's course radio 560 and do i like that the mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment music He felt a little bit foolish. I can't. I need it for a while. But now he said I like it. I don't like it. The man dog just hit his enough with that cottage cheese bun. If he wants me to sing God bless America and face these in a cheese spring up here, I'll do it. You got so good. And everybody knows that it's so great. Wow. Oh, great. He should have had that dog. Sing himself happy. Oh, great. Oh, great. Oh, great. Oh, great. Oh, great. Oh, great. Oh, great. You better sing to it. You're available now at all blocks of school. From 18 and five, 60, WQM. So anyway, spazzing spares or whatever his name is. It looks like the beast with a knife on it. Have you ever seen that on our MySpace page? No, but I can look at it. He's whatever our regular, iconic type people. And anyway, he just sent a, you know, another one of those is a nifty messages. And I clicked on it. And he knows that on the right hand side of the MySpace page, hundreds of that whole column of messages and people's pictures and stuff like that. And I was in the comments. The comments. Right. And as you put and then by the way, Johnny, Gee, take a look at that picture of somebody. Are you looking at that? Yeah. You're the, oh, brother. Johnny, talk about chronic. Don't go away, man. Johnny, just go away. So anyway, that you see spazzing spazzing. Which is like the beast with a knife on. Yeah, it really does. Yes. He's a largely a George Bush, a text to a crane being whatever he's happened in there. And when you add the new one, the one that's the furthest down on the bottom gets pushed off. Yeah, that's right. Okay. Well, guess who was on the bottom? As soon as I saw the new one, I quickly clicked on to approve it. So that would push the one off the bottom. Yeah. And last remnants on this, the website of your close personal friend. So I guess now you don't have to compete for that money in a will. He's gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, neighbor rising singular. Wireless line. The phones are very lame that they man a very weak. We have had a couple of sensational calls. That's what Chris told us. I haven't heard of me yet. Maybe I wasn't paying attention. What do you think? Yeah, I'm great calls last week. We didn't have great calls last week. How do you know? That's right. George was in their last week. George was on vacation last week. He was out there in Tahoe without his red car. I just, I don't know what you're thinking about. When you go to places that are that scenic and that beautiful. What do you take a cab going a tour? You don't have to. Everything's in walking distance. The lake. The lake isn't walking distance. So we can see now. I'm pretty sure I went up there to ski. So I wasn't going to the lake. Went up the mountain. Yeah. But that wasn't really an interesting going swim in or anything like that. I'm going to talk about going swimming in land. Just talking about seeing the sights and taking a seat. I can see everything up on the mountain. Okay. Let's see the lake. You're a hard ass. That's what a bull's down there. I sure hope you're rushing girlfriend brings lots and lots of that team. Vodka, mate. She'll need it. WDQ, way in. Hello. And they are hired by the boats. Yes sir. This is a nice question for you. I was driving up so much for that. And I turned that to the main road. So I was at the start of the night. And there's a lot of people in the park. They're going to have to race. Yeah. But you don't buy a car. You've got to check us and straight. You don't see anything about the car. And you don't want to win. I've got to just turn people around and I can't decide around. You know, I've got to be like, who's tired, bro? You know, I can't track it. You know, I just hide this car. I saw that like that slow down. Like they liked that something new. Give me a break. Oh, bastion of absolute misery, South Florida. A vacuum of human anything. Brother. And like I said, the sun is shining. It's cold. It's 36 whatever hell it is going to be 40 a day. But you know something? Not the design such thing is global warming. But you know what it was yesterday in Washington, D.C. Was 68 on the 18th of December, 68. And there's no snow here. No, there is zero. There's not one flake. Now one drop. Now one bit. Not one teeny tiny centimeter. Now one little millimeter. Nothing. I mean, the locals when I was when I was up in Tahoe said that there was a drought. I mean, I would notice that, you know. Not because there's anything such as global warming. I understand just a county of Pico conspiracy from all these anti big business of liberal Communistas. But you know something? Because I'll be dead by the time that you people are all suffering from the fallout of this stuff and you're going to be like, oh, brother. They don't have a good time now. Why do you guys can? Okay, just to screw your brains out. That's right. W 2 a n. Hello. It puts loose things. W 2 a n. Hello. Q a n. Yes, sir. Hey, Macock the bulldozer. And back at you. Hey, by the way, it's pronounced for no bows. Or is it been no bow? I know I was saying it wrong, but I don't really care. I'm sure they don't need that. Hey, can you play via chopping sound for me? Oh, oh. 5 6 7. That's called over the day, I guess. That was good. Easy to plays man. That's what we like. People are easy to please who will not transmit a disease. Hey, the panthers are here at the air can of the sun. I'd to play to make believe. What do you think? You think, Brody's going to be stopping by here for a little chat? There's practice on leads to you. You know, you people are praised with this when you're showing leads to practice on the way that's really sad. I don't want to see, huh? That's pretty terrible. It's embarrassing. Let's see some old time. Why don't you shut? Tip what. I believe I'll be waffle board of Milan. There's old Jean-Hearty, a Philadelphia flyer is a Fed Nasser. Another taste to taste to KG, he had too many now he's dead. Jean-Hearty was good, but nice dead. The fat people are good people and the fat people of dead people. You did see fats, all right? Of course, yeah. And it was a damn good. See, I'm giving you a lot of good movies. Very funny. I was very funny. I was like, stop humor. It's, uh, I don't know. I don't know. I know. I'm not sure. But you will be. In fact, where did I see a picture of you? Was it in our mice face? Oh, and I'm getting fat? You look like you puffed up like a bullfrog. Where did I see that? A bullfrog? A bullfrog? Are you drunk? No, I'm not drunk. I do not drink. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! But anyway. You're crazy. Okay, where did I find it? I'm going back to the mice face. My profile's there, buddy. There, there, in fact, this is online now. I am online now. No, of course you are. Oh, there is. What is it picture in a car? But it's like from the shoulder up. There's another picture you want here somewhere. You look like all porked up like a cow. Fat. Now, there's the picture with you. I love the girlfriend. I'm assuming. Yes. And you don't look all that fat. Maybe just, look at that. Who is that? That's not you. What is the shades on? Who? There's a guy with the shades in that thing. They're in the Tampa. Oh, no, that's not me. That's not me. That's not me. That's not me. Got all money. That was it. And who's looking at that? She's a bending over in a very, I'm sure from in your position. And I'm not going to look at all that stuff. I want to get off that mice face thing. Okay, please. Now that I pushed that one that last rendend of your close personal friend off the bottom of that comment page. Now that that's it. Now that's the end of that. Do you believe me? No. Huh? I mean, yeah. Why don't you believe me? Why don't you think I'm trying to emancipate myself from a very humility. And you're not going to be a very, very, very humiliating, and degrading and disturbing experience. Why don't you believe that? Well, I would other than the fact that you're still on it today. You know, talking about it. So yeah, you know, well, it's my space man. That's right. I've talked about Harry out of my space and you were on my space. So they're there. It's all that stuff on there. All are good for the phrase man. We can't help it. Is that what it is? I don't think it's a part of it. Craises the word with a white in man. It'd be crazy. And of course, I'm using my regular email from my close personal friend in Dave County who, and he got me out of it three o'clock in the morning. And you know, something? It didn't disturb me at all. Walk me up. I don't know what he was thinking about if that happened. Maybe he was really depressed. Maybe he just came in from a wild night out, currowsing and doing all kinds of hot stuff. Who knows? But there it was. It was like a counselor coming in, like a priest. Well, not a priest. And that's been carried away. And we are so the morning. I'll listen and walk up with a start. I grabbed that blackberry and I started tapping and typing. And we exchanged some of fantastic life enhancing messages. How do you like that? Well, that's good. It was good. Good person. A human being with emotions and nerve endings. 26 past no. In 56, WDQM, your BS station for the 50's. The 50's, the best talent for the business. We all rocked her. Fort radio, 560. You a man. The ideal man. Nebol, yaa... Britney, Sir, Your crane. Britney, Sir, Your crane. Britney, Sir, Your crane. We call up both the opium hunt Nae Pach. Britney, Sir, Your crane. with these senior crotch, these senior crotch, as they just saw in the camera code you got. I really wish you were paying a Swiss press, so you don't know if like a player of the Swiss press must. I hope you plan wearing pants, a Swiss press when you spray your skill, that's up on! From 32 to a five, 60 WC, you weigh in everybody's getting all kinds of stuff for the holidays, man, first it's a mid-USA, and then it's a Brittany with their crotch and all this other crab. I just got an email from my close friend, the Dave County, who was not bringing his girlfriend up by the way when he comes up here in the end of the next month. That was the good news. So is that another lunch for you? It is another lunch, as a matter of fact, you just got through writing those words, and they're not even dry on the email yet. I don't even like that. You must don't soak it down. What are you talking about? Well, really, I'm talking between the, I'm not even going to go into it. That's right, I got to be placement lunch date for the day I come home, and that's good, because I'm pretty sure the first one ain't going to show off. I'm pretty sure. Now, I'm not really positive. You never even know what bizarre people, but anyway, this is, in fact, are you on the Am I Space thing? Go back out of my space. Okay, what do, what do you say? That's a frightening thing to me. This is, I don't like that. You know, it's like if everybody in the world could read your email, I mean, it's not good. It's like a community thing. Calm down. Nobody's reading your email. No, you know what I'm talking about. What if you're not going to be able to do because if you go on, you see on the click the mail thing in my space page, the mail thing. Mail, you know where it says mail. You know, you're supposed you're 23 years old. I'm going to see what you're looking at. You see there either the message or the comment. The message, is that what you're talking about? Do you want to write a message to somebody, the private one? No, I'm going to go to the page now. You see, we're done, Coralione is there. Yeah, I see, Don Coralione. Okay, and you click on mail where it connects to where it says film, you click on mail and you go to our mailbox. Oh, say, I got you. And you see the picture ET there? Well, I'm going to get my mail. I'm not going to get yours. On other words, you know, it's not communal with that one in there. No, no. Oh, an only Miguel. Only Miguel. Well, that's good. So another is my own damn business. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Power 5, 60 of the Verizon singular wireless line. Call it Miguel right now. Yeah, Coralione, make sure that he, there's nothing there. Just as you have a message on your hot mail as I'll say. I'm not, I'm not communicating with anybody on my space except my buddy, Harry, and Detroit. Well, you know, get ready for our back-hand tournament. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, the Verizon singular wireless line attacks in Iraq, on US-led forces, local security personnel, civilians of search, 22 percent, to record levels, they Pentagon, sentencedly, is quarterly, important, or rack, published yesterday. We've been for also known to the Verizon civilian casually, said this was directly linked to the rise of Secretary in Death Squad, which would help by elements of Iraqi forces. The, what's the death tolls? Didn't hear the, for US troops, 20, 9, something. I for your what it was, over 29. We're getting close to 3000. Is that number going to do it for the American? Probably I don't think there's any number that will do it. Just like Vietnam, when it was 58,000. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Neil, you should write us for the past couple weeks and call it the last presentation of Neil God. Yeah. Hey. Next time I'll like Harry from Detroit, you know, when he came right down with said, and not quite as boring or old. What do the Harry's chasing around on my space? Maybe we'll see Harry like I said on date line. You never know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless lines. I think it's a good thing I got my panel here for the rest of the show. Because it's one thing I've learned, especially this time of the year during these holidays, don't count on any calls, you know. Forget about good ones. They'll count on any calls. And what about the heat and alıniversin and Pat Riley says, or we're not in the running? How do you like that? After those idiotic calls we had yesterday, trying to give us a bum steer. Remember those? Yes. How could we forget? All these silly ass bandwagon jumpers. WQAM, hello. How do you say Rimes with G8? Well, WQAM, hello. You can't hold it, shall? You can't hold it. You can't hold it. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon, sir. I have a suggestion to the pole. Yes? Something I'm really embarrassed about. I have a foot fetter. So I don't know how you wear it or word it. See? Be. Very good. I would out. I like the calls. Great show. Or what else? I think that's it. I'm not sure. I think that's about it. OK, I'm a great live family. Except just he double check and just make sure he really does not. He loves feet. OK, I love feet. I like feet, but I don't love feet. Like in that scene in, in, Bradshaw, or says, you love Brad. I like Brad. You love Brad. Too much bread. Too much bread, June. That is a great movie. Anybody wants to see a good movie. Get a few brother laughs. And also we'll probably keep you from eating all that extra crap on the holidays. That's the funny tune. Yeah, that's so. With the end bank crafts and Dom de Louise. I love Brad. It's a big fan. I could live without it. It's one of those things. Is it a bit of that I must not eat? Don't you? Do you want to do it anyway? The only thing I go off of that is when I go in a really good and tenure restaurant, I bring it like the rear with the basket of warm bread. Yeah. Like garlic part. Oh, it just melts my heart. When you know me, in fact, I should be like a little puddle knock because lately my heart has been melting so much. It just melts. The tag in bread. Hmm. In fact, I read the end when I take off for next to a couple of years. I'm just going to get. I'm going to go to right to Roman. Go to my favorite truck for me and just eat myself to the. I think it's a good plan. WQAM Hello. QAM. Chris Wells. You're a superstar. Yeah, okay, again. WQAM Hello. Got a few people stupid. It's just amazing to me. QAM Hello. Hey, Neil, this is Jack. Guys, this one is Richard Merry Christmas. Thank you for the entertainment and if possible, can you tell me where you get all those material, the material that you read, uh, your experience. It's an interesting internet. Right off the internet. Internet, which website to where or anything is. Hold on. I'm Jack. Have a great holiday, man. Have a great holiday. Ha ha ha. Whole bunch of. Go read over here. A read the wonderful stories. Uh, it tells me. Yeah, we're all great. Bedtime stories. There's any arrogens.com. I don't think Jack has a computer based on what he was asked me there. Otherwise, he would probably know such things. 1237 votes on the poll. We're going to do 15 today. Not. What are we going to do? 14. I think we can go for 14 again. See, it was too late that we got started with this thing with, uh, well, now the poll, the polls have been coming in really good from the audience. I like that one for tomorrow. You've even knew like that. Yeah, it's good. I'm not going to tell you something about it. It is, yeah. How to be an architect. You didn't. Ha, yeah, why me? We don't want to get tip our hand too soon because they're going to be calling it with suggestions for tomorrow's poll. And then it's, uh, painting the ass, you know, never knew that. It's like when we used to do stupid building polls. And I tell them like it, uh, you know, want to clock and a whole last hour, they're like, building for the, the poll that was going to be on tomorrow. Well, what, then what do you do tomorrow? You know what I'm saying? What do you do tomorrow? Who do you do tomorrow? All of that stuff. 21 to, uh, one, what did one thing yesterday? Sure one fly and buy. And today it feels like I feel like I've been here for about 100 years. Maybe it's because, you know, I was, uh, awakened in the middle of the night. Just a joke. It's just a joke. It was very positive. Anyway, it was like a part of the Christmas season. You think? Yeah. Yeah. You think the Christmas season was the reason that I'm sitting here coughing and weason, but I'm pleasing the audience with a really fabulous show. Oh, god. What is this man talking about? I think it would be good if I like, went into total dementia right on the year. When that people get a 95 sure everybody would be like a Daisy Tango. Everybody be on their phone, uh, mice face their hot meal. Oh, they all man's lost and he's gone nuts here on here. They're happy good. Yeah. For whileer I thought that was going to happen and probably will eventually, but not, not as soon. In fact, I got to get on the phone at two and make sure I make those changes to my will Josh. That's right. 20 to one at five, 60 to end. Of course, by the time I croak, I mean, seriously, I want you to stop to think about this. I mean, yeah, that's a nice amount. But by the time I croak, let's say I make another 20 years, which maybe I will maybe I won. My parents both lived over 90. So let's say I'm around another 20. You'll be like 43. Well, I still, you'll be, uh, hitch with a family. Right. Okay. No? Yeah, probably, I guess. Couple of kids running around, couple of dogs, couple of wives. So what's 50 grand that I mean to you? And do you know how much that's going to be worth in 20 years? And they're like, uh, like, but third minute. 30 cents. All right, make it a hundred. Listen, I know what that. Oh. And we, we got to do. Are you interrupting my spot? I'm sorry. I think many bell may be reconsidering that offer. So they were not too happy yesterday. Good. Anything that we did on this side of the building that pisses them off and everybody's then. They deserve it because they had no business going after your ass. Okay. They had no business trying to like invade this show this station. Take your power 96 right. Stick that crack music. You're playing upward among on China. Okay. So Jack is a bloody top little boy. No. Oh yeah. Got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Get you a naked boy. And I'm your name, Blvd. Oh, get out of your neighborhood, man. Yeah, you're a little man. They seem so sweet to me. With their firm little can. Right, don't be too boys. Need to be with me. Cause I'm an emblem man. You're a gamma name, Blvd. Yeah. Yeah, I'm an emblem man. Hey, leave the room. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. Get out of your neighborhood. And when I touch your little parts I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high, I have no way out of your hands of me, I'm your people, I have no way, I have no way, and in a significant step, remember, a new life church in Colorado Springs is resigned after a meeting to sexual misconduct and other mistakes, the result of examination of the staff's moral make up after the Oster of Senior Pastor, Ted Hagrid at church official set over the last weekend. Christopher Beard, who headed a ministry that trained young adults in leadership skills, stepped down Friday. After meeting with series of decisions displaying poor judgment, including one incident of sexual misconduct several years ago, said Rob Brendel and associated pastor the 14,000 member church. A lot of Hakey's fecky going on Reverend Ted's church, you know? Oh, that's good. Signing confidentiality over personality, she was Brendel would not discuss the nature of the sexual misconduct, except to say it did not involve Hagrid or a minor. Beard, a new life employee for nine years, wasn't married at the time of the incident, but is now Beard cannot be reached for common. A lot of people hiding. After Hagrid's fall in a drugs and gay sex scandal as month, the senior leadership of new life-assdance ed outside board of overzeers to take her kosher look at the spiritual character of its two-and-members staff as a precaution. What a pile of manure, man. Just like that picture that the Johnny G sent, chronic Johnny G. A pile of manure. Brendel said Beard's associates came during a meeting with a board which has made up of four pastors from other congregations, four Getskies. Brendel said Beard's reservation was voluntary, so another step for it making sure the disorder more life-instrated than Hagrid's fall is excised from the church. They're exercising all that, I bet I know what they're exercising too. The power of Christ help him do it. The power of Christ help you. The power of Christ help you. The power of Christ help you. I'm dying out here. The power of Christ help you. That's why the exercises again this week, we've got this wrong stomach, okay? Don't mind P. Soup. I don't like P. Soup. I'm a big soup lover. In fact, isn't it hard that a soup is coming in? That's right. The original soup, man. Who told us that? Do you want to say that? The original soup, man, from that awful show. I mean, from a sign-file. Great soup. And I'm a big soup lover. And so very rarely, if I go to restaurant for a meal, almost never, will I not get soup? Unless it's a restaurant where they don't serve soup and I get peo, I'm not happy about that. I'm a big soup fan. I'm a soup lover. But if you go to restaurant where they like change the soup of the day every day, I'm saying, let's say a soup of the day and say like, split peo or lentil. lentil. Oh, and I look at them and I go fan. I get up and I go racing out of the place or just black beans soup. I like black beans, but just not black beans. I can eat black beans and rice. Oh, man, mushy, nasty craft, but black beans soup. Oh, terrible. Any kind of beans soup? Not good. Although there's some attendants being all the attendants who are good. I'm going to Rome right now. I'm hopping on the flames tonight, 630 at Pearson. I'm hopping on a plane going to Rome. And the Amma, I'm Rome. Is where we're going. That's right. Anyway, can I get back to the store and stop with the food again? We've been very much food intensively. Do you guys get food to there? Oh, yeah, we got how he's earlier this morning. Chris, getting out of you indoctrinating him well since he's been obviously a year's successor to the most net. I'm one of the benefits along with the low pay as at least free meals. I'm showing him the ropes. Good. How about you, R? Brandl said, beer's resignation was voluntary. I just read that. We recognized there would be increased scrutiny of our church in the wake of the scandal. He said, we welcome that process in order to reinforce the high standard of personal integrity and morality. It is characterized by new life employees. All of our church pervers, only their hypocrites and liars. I'm a pervert, but I'm proud of it. I'm glad to tell you that right here and right now. Anybody who lies to you in Citizens and not a pervert is full of crap. Seriously, guys. You know any guy who's not a pervert? No. Of course not. No, that's such person. No such person. I'm even a robber creeper this morning talking on a kidney and boesher about his blow up, though. That was a little over the top. Robert, if I told you once, I told you, yeah, I'd find him. Cut the crap. 560, 560. You know, that's how these are phones. Just dwindled down overtually. Nothingness. That's because of the holidays because I'm back taking calls for like three weeks now. They just run out of material. Or maybe both of these things. All of these things. That could be it. They're pretty weak. WDQA and hello. Hey, is he throwing him this soap on the road? No, no, no. WDQA and hello. That's it. We're gonna go through that. I'm just thinking of this boss doing funky things, too. 558 votes on a poll. We got a real shot of that. 14 hundred during the show today. If the audience wakes up in the insistent, of course they're all busy out shopping and going crazy now. From now until the end of the week, it's gonna be absolutely hell. I'm thinking maybe next three days while you guys are enjoying your soup. Maybe I'll have some black beans soup. Go up in the kitchen. be the same. I'm eating dinner with somebody or like fish like salmon or something. I've never said anything but I'm thinking, oh, why did you? Because I can't say this moment. The stench of that nasty rotting fish. Whatever. You're a fish eater? I don't know. Come on. I don't need to hear about it. W 2 a.m. Hello. W 2 a.m. Hello. Check yourself. I'm a man. What did I say? W 2 a.m. I'm just checking. It might be a really good call right there. I sure doubted. Q a.m. Hello. Yo, I'm the meal. What's up, baby? Yes, sir. Hey, uh, three quick things. You'll never find a brother shrouded on a mountain looking for help. Yeah. That's his thing. I think we traveled home for ugliest celebrity. Foul. And the third thing is that that guy that did you want on my face that might be Charlie Chris. Well, it could be. Maybe one of Charlie's boyfriend. Like that. It did. It's been a long time and wounded and, uh, etc. But whatever. Life goes on. 261 votes. And you know what? I'm all over there. She's looked real good there now. Your girlfriend Tara. Tara Tara. Oh, I'm really. She looks good there too. She's very photogenic. Damn right. But when you see her, look at the look at those resumes, man. Look at that. Talk about climbing the old mountain. See, there she doesn't look about it. When she's got that puffed up cheap man too much makeup, I think. You talk about she had a puffed up cheek. I saw it on her back dome face. The umbrella picture. I don't know. You're paying much more attention than I'm obviously. Let's just stop it. Okay. She's gorgeous. She's unknocked. She's beautiful. If I were of your persuasion, I'd be like, Time and all over the TV set right now. I'd be grabbing both kneecaps or whatever I could. And that's it. But I'm not. I hope I'm almost down again with that purple hair. I hope I run into her and I'll offer her. You would run into her. Oh, so, excuse me. Yeah. Probably knock her down and then just fall right down on top or, oh, gee, I'm what a clutch I am. You know. Oh, friend of mine, until we have that worst second to convenience store. I never had the co-hones to do that because I'm not. I'm not that desperate number one. Number two. It is so rude. You know. If you're pretending you're tripping in there, somebody good standing to get the check out. Kind of like, oops, of course. This was, yeah, yes, some guy. Can you just imagine that? No. And maybe the guys were like, like, a sway jacket or something. So, oh, can I be felt like that? Perverts. Everybody's a pervert, but most people are liars and a full of crap. Especially the ones that are always pointing the fingers. Hey, you're on pervert. Yeah. Right. Go looking at mirror. Okay. You plosit clean. Go looking at mirror. And stop what the obsession man would have self-hitting of. Some people go through their entire lives. And their whole life is nothing but self-hitting. Don't talk about it about it. Yeah. And there are many people like that. They go through their entire life and all. Their whole life is spent in releasing their self-hitting. And of course, directing that negative energy toward other people. Whatever that means. Well, we're getting really deep in civil self-hallaitly. Are we sort of, you're, you know, all you care about is the money. That's all you want. Yeah, man. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. That's right. You're the one that's got it. You're supposed to buy it for him. When I leave you all the money in the world, you have to promise your by drugs at the big Swing in the Sanio. That's definitely going to be a hundred then. Because that same song. That's a Sanio of Samsung. Okay. Who else told me they had a Samsung Big Swing, which is fabulous. Thank you. Thank you. Remember that? Remember Hank has one too. And the Amperes got one. That's right. That was funny. Of course he's probably sitting on my Fed and so eating food while he's watching that big TV. Loose some way. Hank for the holidays. Okay. No, it's not easy. Take some of that Sonic a guilt. Fly out to Vegas. Run around the mountains. Swat up there and a rock in the red. What is that place? Red Rock Canyon. Wouldn't have that red rock? Isn't red rock in Colorado? You're asking me like, I look. What? See there? You go starting again. I'm just saying. I just heard the exercise that last picked your off our my space page. I'm finally getting over the wound and the the harm and the hurt and the I'm going to get to my manager and you're starting about red rock Canyon again. You're correct Neil. It's in the battle. It's in their Vegas. I know that. I go close. Buddy told me that. I like to shave my legs. Arms and thoughts. Well, listening to the Neil Rogers wanted to out. All right. You're not getting squat for Christmas. They don't give the Santa leaves. No, Jesus, birthday, frugges. Just because you don't believe me. You have no but to eat all that done. With your cheetos that you hate. Don't press your kids. Don't go happy. Oh, you're my straight old baby. You got you to not unruf by. You got nothing that you've got. You know that. There's no one on Christmas. For you. Yeah, mommy. How come the Smiths have a Christmas tree? Oh, my baby. Let me tell you. It's clocked. That's because the Smiths are going. We have a 275 votes and a poor not going to make 1400 day. No chance. I mean, we got a chance. But it's pretty unlikely. I was in it. It's because as the time is worn on more and more of these sluffers are out there. There's sluffer around there buying their grab and everything. I got to do something. I got to start making a move here. Well, you know, that's one good thing about me. I don't have to buy anything for anybody for Christmas or Hanukkah. I don't participate. Well, good for you. And not because I'm cheap or inconsiderate lower like that. I just don't get involved in this crap. Well, we meet by that. That was kind of like sarcastic. Like saying like how many evil men. It makes me cheap or something. No, that makes a lot of sense. I said about 50 ran every one at Will. I'm thinking about 15 cents. Stop it now. Santa Claus is Chinese. Or why China is rising in the U.S. Is declining by less or brown. I wonder if he's kind of like a brownie brown or maybe Bobby Brown. I want to play Bobby Brown. At least just just a little bit because I've never let it reach that point where we're going. George has a bad question. Oh, I'm Bob. It's brown. That's enough. Anyway. It says I know Santa Claus is Chinese because each Christmas morning after all the gifts are unwrapped and things settled down. I systematically go through the presents to see where they're made. The results are almost always the same. Roughly 70% are from China. After some research it seemed that my one-family survey is representative of the country as a whole. Let's start with toys. Some 80% of the toys sold in the U.S. From Barbie dolls to video games are made in China. Talking toys that speak English learned the language from Chinese workers. They try to go to the Apple side by the Microsoft Xbox made in China. Clothing from the latest cashmere sweaters to Jim Suits. Oh, that looks good. Can that be felt? It's also likely to be made in China label. The Christmas tree itself may come from China. While real Christmas trees are growing in every state in the west and market it locally, many families now gather around artificial Christmas trees. Eight out of every ten artificial Christmas trees sold in the west are made in China. I see Americans spend over $130 million on plastic Christmas trees from China. This year Americans will spend over a billion dollars on Christmas ornaments from China, and perhaps the greatest irony of all even the Tiviti scenes are made in China. Last year Americans spend more than $39 million by nativity scenes shipped in from the east, China's success in attracting foreign investment capital, and mobilizing the huge workforce is made at the workshop of the world. That the US Christmas is made in China is a metaphor for a far deeper set of economic issues affecting the US. Today Christmas is celebrated in both the US and China, but for different reasons and with far different economic consequences. For the Chinese, the manufacturing of the ends means record profits, rising incomes in the east society where people save some 40% of the ring-tell may sharp jump in savings. In the US, Christmas shopping expenditures headed for another record had this year contribute to rising credit card debt and a soaring trade deficit. Underneath the American Christmas spirit and good cheer is a debt-laden society that appears to have lost its way, Martin the Quits and a Consumersum. As a society, we seem to have forgotten how to save so we can invest in the better future. Instead of leaving our children and promising economic future, we're equating the largest debt burden of any generation in history. At the personal level credit card debt just keeps climbing, and at the government level we have the largest deficit in history, at the international level we have a trade deficit that moves to a new high month after month. It's not the fact that our Christmas is made in China, but rather the mindset that's led to it is most disturbing. We want to consume no matter what. We want to spend now and let our children pay. It's the same mindset that introduces tax cuts while waiting to costly war, economic sacrifices no longer part of our vocabulary. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, President Roosevelt banned the sale of private cars or to mobilize the manufacturing capacity, and engineers fields of the US automobile industry to build tanks and planes. In contrast, after President, after 9-11, President Bush urged us to go shopping. In the US, we're so in 10 on consuming that personal savings have virtually disappeared. We have an average of five credit cards for every man, one in child, of 145 million card holders, only 55 million clear that we're considering month. The other 90 million can seem to catch up on our paying steep interest rates on the remaining balance. Millions of people are so deeply in debt that they may remain indecent for life. The official national debt the product of years of fiscal deficits now totals 8 and a half trillion dollars from 64,000 of per taxpayer. By the end of the Bush administration in 2008, this figures projected to reach a staggering 9.4 trillion, we're digging a fiscal black hole and sinking deeper and deeper into it. Each month the Treasury covers the fiscal deficit by auctioning off securities, the two leading international buyers of US Treasury securities are Japan and China. In this world, China is now also becoming our banker. This developing company where income levels are one-six of those of the US is financing the excesses of an affluent industrial society. Let's run with this picture. In terms past when our fiscal deficits were covered largely by US leaders, interest payments on the level we invested in the US, now they're flowing abroad to Japan, China, other foreign holders of US death. While the US fiscal deficit driven partly by the Winterwax source to stratospheric levels, the country is facing an unprecedented official challenge as the baby boomer generation retirees, pushing up the cost of social security, Medicaid, Medicare. This combined with the growing interest payments on our debt to China, other countries will put a nearly impossible tax burden on the next generation, something for which they may never forgive us. The US trade deficit is growing by leaps and bounds nearly doubling from $4.52 billion in 2000, to what estimated 850 billion in 2006 rising oil imports in the trade deficit would China come over half of it. National policy figures such as not adequately supporting the use of renewable energy technologies at contributed to the growing US trade deficit. For example, the US should be a leading manufacturer and exporter of solar cells and winterbines, but it's fallen behind both Europe and Japan. The solar cell invented that Bell Labs in 1954 as an American technology, but the US effort to develop solar energy was so weak and sporadic that both Germany and Japan forged the head and developed robust solar cell manufacturing and export industries. The situation similar with wind. Although the modern wind industry was born in California beginning the 80s, the US faded as it's a state's import for wind resource development allowed European countries to largely take over this industry. Even though rising oil imports are widening our trade deficit, we can sum while with abandon, wickening the economy undermining our political independence. We've lost influence in world financial markets simply because our mounting debt much of it held by other countries. If China's leaders ever become convinced that the dollars had it continuously downward, and they decided to dump their dollar holdings, the dollar could collapse. Could collapse? Oh my God. We hold in other countries for oil and finance our debt to the US as fast-loosing its leadership role in the world. The question we are facing is not simply whether our Christmas is made in China, but more fundamentally, whether we can restore that this is the land of values that made us a great nation, a nation in the world admired respect and annihilated. This isn't something that Santa Claus can deliver, not even a Chinese Santa Claus. This is something only we can do. Not even a Chinese Santa Claus. That's bad. You think the Chinese are now the Chinese of course don't celebrate Christmas because they're Buddhists, right? Right? Right. It's not completely clear. I'll just probably, if you'd go ahead and over there in China, and if they've got a Christmas race, but I think they did that. We'll see them know, know, know, know, know. Do-do-do-do-do-do. What are how he's doing? We don't hear a damn thing about him. I guess he has made the biggest flies to my $50, and has he? I'll see you in the big numbers. Come out tomorrow morning. We got numbers coming out tomorrow morning. Everybody could always use a good number. Words still live by. Trust me when I tell you. Got the Panthers and the Leafs that I'd see are Canada and the Center. Anybody in this audience? Give a flying dog about that. What do you say? I bet you, I wouldn't be surprised if Belly shows up here knocking on my door at five or clock. Let's go over to Ruth Kris and grab a big steak. I'll buy you dinner before the game. You think? Freedom and fateshees. Right off the ground. Those rain here. Always wound the blast in one. That's how he got up around the horse. Following to close behind. Let them do all of the other rain here. Love to make them come and sneeze. They all would stop abruptly. And one of them would cut the cheese. Woo! One day round, I've got better. Except this job stinks. Find yourself a new couple. Give them all a Christmas goose. Santa and all the rain here. They began to shout, I'm pleased. Random the brown, no rain here. You should try Potsawachee. You know, just all in down. I mean, we got a great bid and I have no idea where it is. Walking around and women's underwear. Remember that? Yeah, it's a good one. And where is it? I don't think we got it. Oh, no. That's going to be so... See if I wouldn't have mentioned that better off, you know. Oh, here it is. How do you like that? What a genius man. What the old man's so good. Not much. You got a little bit of a... I would say... But... Bird man? Yeah. The light is missing. Didn't ask over the vermicelli. I'm wearing her clothes. Her silk panty clothes. Walk around and women's underwear. In the store, there's a lady. Put them in the straps. The lights are getting. It holds me so tight. I can't cause that night. Walk around and women's underwear. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am a baby bride. It's a young lady who's saying... Whoa man! Let's take one to the white. Is that a town? Oh, lady! You do all the love. We can pray. Slight with all our love. Put on some high shade. And join the parade. Walk your mouth and leave me as I'm new here. Let's take this. And set. Give us a chance. And then set. We're gonna be in her clothes. Still panty clothes. Walk around and women's underwear. Walk around and women's underwear. Oh, black. Walk around and women's underwear. Walk around and women's underwear. How do you like that? 13.02.24. We're not gonna get to 14. We know who's in. Everybody should be on the 19th of December. I'm in the middle of Hanukkah. Everybody after we had last minute Christmas shopping. Running around like lunatics. That's why the phone is slim and grim. That's why the even of other people are sitting there by the computer. Steering in her ears, a back end and gay man. My space. Are they? No. No, they're not. 13.02.24. And even playing slots has got a vote. Feet. Feet. That's from that foot fetish guy. Your George has a foot fetish all he denies it. When we're doing the show down there in the second minute, he denies it. I don't remember that, but. Well, when he comes back next week, ask him on Tuesday, ask him to do the every day I have a foot fetish and he'll say that I'm a liar. Whatever. I don't know. Maybe he doesn't deny it. Every time I mention it on the ears, it all you wrong. That'll where he come up with that. Because when we add him on the go in with. Anyway. This is a long article here. Gee, I don't think I want to read the whole hour here. Would all those great calls coming in? W2QAM, hello. Welcome Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, while I follow my wife for Walmart, you're talking about, you've come up with a product made in China. Tell me where we can actually find any product made in your life's face anymore, where you go for that. Yeah. See what I mean? When I buy something, I just care if it's good. I don't care where it's made. I mean, call me on American, call me your company. I just care if it's good. You look at a back when you go buy a product. You open it up and see as it made in China. No. Of course not. I don't care. You want to know if you get your money's worth. You're going to invest at 150 grand wisely when I croak. I've got a better idea. What I'll do is I'll take that whole 300 grand that I was like sitting aside for you guys. I'll leave it to George and I'll leave it up to him to take care of you. Well, just remember to just be like, hey, remember Josh. Yeah. No, he tries to take equitable care of you when that happens. No, he might as well just give me that 100. Okay. Frank Wait, you wrote this was on Sunday in New York Times and it's very, very long and I don't usually read combs. Especially when the phones are starting to ring like crazy, but I'm not going to waste my time answering because I know they're going to be crap. I don't want to end this day. This has been a very fine day. In fact, it's been a fine 24 hours all the way around. What was the show like yesterday? Do you remember? Ha ha ha ha. It was okay, huh? Yeah, great calls. You're so full of it. It was all right. But I did not tell yesterday was kind of like the demarcation point. And once we start these last few days before Christmas, then they really start going nuts. You know, listen a week now. Right. Mary Cheney's vubbola joy Frank rich rights and this will go on and it will go to a fight. It's a long column. He doesn't usually write this long. I usually don't read, but you know what it's good. Good stuff. Good crap. He says it's not the least of John McCain's political talents that he comes across as a paradigm of straight talk, even when he isn't talking straight talk. So it was a surprise to see him reduce the near standering. I need to see this week through Sunday's empty new election. The subject brought him low was the elephant in the elephant's room. Or perhaps we should say in their closet homosexuality. Do fairy. Senator McCain is no big enough. His only goal was to change the subject as quickly as possible. He kept repeating two safe talking points for a dear life. He opposed the same sex marriage as does every major present last for in both parties. And he's supposed to discrimination. But because he had endorsed the endorsed a broadly written Arizona ball of initiative that could have been used to discriminate against unmarried domestic partners, George Stephanopoulos wouldn't let him off the hook. Are you against civil unions for gay couples, yes, Senator who replied? No, I'm not. Well, Mr. Stephanopoulos reiterated the question second slider. So you're for civil unions, Mr. McCain answered. No. In other words, he was not against civil unions before he was against them. His gap of reminiscent of a similar appearance on Mr. Stephanopoulos show in 2004 by Bill's fist, a Harvard trained doctor, refused to criticize a federal instance program that catered to the religious right by spreading the canard that sweat and tears could transmit AIDS. Senator fist is now a lame duck in his brand of pandering, typified by his errant upbeat diagnosis of brain dead Terry Shavos condition. He's following him to political Valhalla. The 2006 midterms of Carl Rov supposedly fooled proof playbook in Tatters. It was time for the Republicans to deal the gay card one more time after the 40 and 10 Hagrid scandals revealed that today's conservative hierarchy is much like Roy Cohen's mid-U and angels in America minus the Witton-Pathos. This time around, Valhalla in the shift is banning same-sex marriage, remarkably less important in 2004. He'd got Coney and one endorsed by Mr. McCain and his owner was voted on all together. Two national politicians who had cow-toed, agreediously that their parties fringe rich and torn and George McCoccawitz Allen were defeated, joining their ideological fellow travelers, Tom Delay and Ralph Reed in the political junkyard. The further confirmed the inexorable march of social history, the only Christmas season in the earth called a listed beleaguered Bush administration this year has been the announcement that Murray Cheney, the vice president's gay daughter, gay is pregnant. Her growing family is the living we joined in those near-fathers party who would relegate gay American couples under children to second class legal or human status. Yet not even those political realities have entirely broken the knee jerk habit of some 2000-day Republican presidential hopefuls to woo the homophobes. Mid-robony the Republican Massachusetts Governor was caught in the other embarrassing example of his party said hypocrisy last week, in a newly unearthed letter according to the gay law cabinet Republicans during his unsexual 1994 Center race he promised to do better than even 10 Kennedy. And making quality for gay's and lesbian's a mainstream concern. Given that Mr. Ramley has been making opposition to same-sex marriage, his political calling card this year, his ideological bisexuality looks as foolish in his degrading way as that of Mr. Hangered. The evangelical leader was caught keeping time with the male prostitute. There's no evidence that Mr. Ramley's right word move on gay civil rights and abortion about what he acknowledges his flip flop has helped him politically. What that Mr. McCain has benefited from a similar sea change in his thickening from accurately labeling Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson, Agent of Intelligence in 2000, to appearing in Mr. Falwell's liberty university this year. A Washington Post ABC News poll last week found that among Republican voters really drewly in an unabashed liberal on gay civil rights and abortion, Lee's McCain 34 to 26%. Ramley brought up the rear at 5%. That's also what we're putting in the money head of another presidential wannabe. They're religious right-favorite Sam Brownback, who's held up a federal judicial nomination in the Senate because the nominee had attended a lesbian neighbors commitment to commencement ceremony. Or, remember whatever they call that commitment ceremony. I think I'm going to commit to doing the break right now. Maybe I ought to be committed, do you think? 13, 16, we're committed to doing something between now and two of Clark. I guarantee that finishing the rest of the article. And then taking of course, the citizens are really inifty calls if they ever come in. You think? No, probably not. 13, 16, it means we need 64 from 1400 in 35 minutes. That's a tall order, man. What do you think? I'm going to go with no. Chris? No. You're the one I'm thinking of. That's what I'm thinking. What do you mean that was me? We're up to a father's stellar start. I was two, two, hi. So I'm going to go with that. I'm taking 13, 50. Sounds good. The fact ships station. Hi, everybody. You know the holidays are the hardest time to control your weight. That's why I've come up with a way for you to shake your ball from a jelly with sweat into the carols. You'll be praying to the tuna. You're the one. You're the one. You'll also get what you've found. You can't just stay and trust me. Oh, I love it. Yes, you'll be flexing your all. And power stepping through a wheelchair wondering if that burning sun will eat round for granted. Oh, hold holding in your stomach and unravel your thighs as you join me singing all the one for goodness and touch my feet. Richard, you're getting the carols. I'm able to learn a pair of my own. Oh, yeah. Here's a one-wild and crazy guy under one of crazy parts. One, three, one, and five, sixty-wdqm. Hey, Richard, you're fair. Anyway, get back to Frank Richard's calm. Not to be confused with Frank Richard. For those who are cheered by seeing the robin and politics of what issues start to fade, the good news doesn't end with the growing evidence that gay-baiting may do candidates who traffic it more harm than good. It's not the only centrist American voters of both parties who reject divisive demagoguery, but also conservative evangelicals themselves. Some of them are outstanding up to the extremist in their own camp. No one more dramatically so perhaps than Rick War and the Orange County California mega church leader and bestselling author of the Purpose Driven Life. He is adopted AIDS in Africa as a signature crusade and invited Barack Obama to join the usual suspects including Senator Baumbach to address his world AIDS day conference on the issue. This prompted predictable outrage from the right because Mr. Obama's liberal politics, especially on abortion, long radio host Kevin McCullot demonized the Democrat for pursuing inhumane sick and sinister evil as a legislator. And open letters sponsored by 18 pro-Nicriff protest and invitation, also setting Mr. Obama's evil but Mr. Warren didn't blank. Among those defending the invitation was David Kuo the former deputy director of the Bush White House's office of faith-based and community initiatives in his book tempting faith as well as interviews and on his blog, the Heretical Mr. Kuo has become a tough conservative critic of the corruption of religion by politicians and religious writers where I've got the of taking Jesus and reducing them to some precinct camp to some get out of the book guy. Of those family groups who criticize Mr. Obama's appearance at the AIDS conference, Mr. Kuo wrote, are they so blind and possessed with such a narrow definition of life that they can think of life only in utero? The answer, of course, is yes. The Christian coalition part in ways with its new president elect a Florida mega church pastor Joel Hunter after he announced that he would take on bigger issues like poverty and global warming. But it is leaders like Mr. Hunter, Mr. Warren, who are in attendance, even the Reverend Richard Cisick, vice president for governmental affairs and Mr. Hengryds former purge, the National Association of Evangelicals has joined a number of his peers and taken up the cause of the environment putting him in odds with the Bush administration. Such religious leaders may not have given up their opposition to abortion or gay marriage, but they have more pressing priorities. They seem to have figured out as Mr. Kuo has said that politicians use Christian voters for their money and for their votes and give them little and return except a reputation for big and free and heartless opposition to the lifesaving potential stem cell research. The access of family G. Hotties focused on the family, the family research council, the American Family Association, is feeling the heat. Its physicians get more extreme by the day. A concerned woman for American Mothpees called Mary Cheney's pregnancy unconscionable, condemning her for having injured her child and acted in a way that denies everything that the Bush administration is workforce, that life statement thankfully is true. This overkill wreaks of this operation so does these zealots recently saw on the supposedly feminizing medical properties of soy baby formula, which deserves the blame for today's rise in homosexuality according to the Chairman of Megaship Ministries and penguins. Yes, penguins. These fine birds have now joined the Tel-Tubbies in SpongeBob Squarepants and the Pantheon of Kamey Secret Agents for the gay agenda. Schools are being forced to defend and tango makes three and acclaimed children's picture book placed on the two story of two central parks zoom male penguins who would not have to check from a fertilized egg. The hit penguin movie happy feet has been outed for an anti-religious bias and its endorsement of gay identity by Michael Medved, the commentator was sets the tone for the religious rights strictly enforced code of cultural political correctness. Such sensuriousness is increasingly the stuff of comedy. Swarpe politicians have all strapped to advertise their faith. A liberal-like cowardine is no more credible talking about the Bible. During the 2004 campaign, he said his favorite book in the news has testament with Job, then twice married candidates like Mr. McCain and for a swiss of it pledging allegiance to the sanctity of marriage. For all the skeptical theories about the Obama boomlet or real boom we don't know yet, no one doubts that his language about faith is his own. Not a crimson provided by a consumer or political consultant on values. That's why a Democrat from Chicago who's voting record is to the left of Hillary Clinton received the same standing motivation from the thousands of electoral records and saddleback church that he did from his own parties throngs in New Hampshire. After a quarter of a century of watching public systems from both parties exploit religion for partisan and often mean spirited political gain, voters on all sides of this country's culture wars are finally in the market for something new. Frank writes that say a lengthy but a good comp and some of these New York Times, and he retains his bundle of joy. Barack Obama's demand, I'm the first guy that thought to that, did I tell you that? Yes, and we said, he's a man. He's a man. You don't believe me, do you? You don't think he even got elected because he's black is that what you're going to tell me? No, that's not what I was going to tell you. Well, you're going to tell me. I don't think he's going to get elected. Why not? Not because he's black, I just don't know. Don't he is the man? Trust me when I tell you right now. He's the rock star. He's the great dark hope. He's the great something new man. He's not one of these old, political hacks. Old, political hacks. All the hacks, all the time. It's not going to make you want to play hack the wife. How's OJ doing by the holidays? Maybe OJ will come by for lunch. What do you think? It's kind of a great, great read and mad. He'll be thrilled if OJ would come by the power 96 studios and have lunch with him over there. All these juxtapes, living lunatics, man. All you juxtapes is get a life. Unless it's a pretty quitter time, break these juxtapes. Get a life. Who won that game last night? By the way, I want to bet. Any an apple? No. Yeah, they were winning when I went to bed at that day. And what's that? Were they talking about this morning? Who's getting more action? Peyton Manning? Or what's that? Who's he brother? But the giant's Eli Manning Eli's coming? Who's getting more action? Or how about Sandy Peyton? I mean, anybody who, I mean, what are we talking about here? Peyton Manning? You're fair. We may have break. Of course, we don't know what action they were talking about, but nevertheless, all the hot chicks. Peyton Manning's getting the hot chicks. Or something that rhymes with that. 1328 votes on the poll. I hate to admit. And there's nothing wrong with this poll is there. No. But it's back up over 15% hated. During the middle of the holidays, baby, this is an indictment of South Florida. It's not to be believed. We may not even make our 1350 a day. So I think once it got, what's the kind of like Rob the cobwebs out of their eyes? Everybody's not a worker, whatever day. And they all, you know, they're in their cars. They're sloughing their at the malls. They're doing all this crazy stuff. We got 1328. That's not so great. And the sunshine's safe. Is it? And you were saying, let's get 15. How many days now are you were saying me for? I know I said no because you said 15,000 easy. I thought you were talking about the will. And then you said, how about doubling into 30 and then end 20 more from 50? 50 sounds like an ice number for some of us. It really does. I'm going to even 50 grand in my buddy, Meshie. My new therapist. Good guy. Listen, call me after the show. I'll, you know, I'll help you out through this too. Help you. I was one. I'll help you out, man. You're the one that was given me crappy. Wasn't he Chris? Give me crap about that. I'm still talking about the same old bop bop. Did he say that? I think he was doing it a little lovingly. You know, he's worried about you. See, he knows what's up. What are you holding up a 20 for him? 30. I hate to admit that I love porn, triad and 80. I don't know what kind of people voted for that. That's to me. It's so in vain. Why is that? Are you embarrassed? What's wrong with that? What's not to like? Josh. I don't know. It's a rational order for that. Why are you embarrassed to admit that? I'm not embarrassed. I just, I don't know. Well, that's what the poll said. I hate to admit it. I voted last. Edmitted. Edmitted. Edmitted. You love porn. Of course. Okay. I hate this poll 20 for 15.3%. Neil Rogers, 157. Antiques Roadshow. One away. We still know what that is. None of one. I don't want to hear about it. Now, that's not on. What is that on? Sound of an A.M.E. is it? Please yes. PBS. Oh, my PBS is putting direct like that on the air. The Antiques Roadshow. That's right. Oh, my God. There is no God. I'll tell you that right now. There's no God. There's only God. Talk radio 97. The hate to admit they love it. Final ice cream, 88. Carbonar 75. Dog the bounty. 171. No comment. Musicals 50. The food channel. 27. Neil Sedakah 18. Home in Garden Show. 13. My space 13. Be very, very, very. That's all I'm going to tell you right now. Okay. Be very careful. Road rage 11. Cottage cheese. 7. Cut to music. 7. Feet 4. And plain slots. They love the socks that they do admit it because Josh says that only old Farts, old terminal phobies like me play slot machines. And of course, Harry from a Detroit says, hey, if you really wear a halve guy, you'd be out playing golf and be the Tiger Woods of a back him. I mean, you know, the, you, I think I've also made a mistake by encouraging people on the MySpace. Although we're not getting a lot. Thank goodness. But I'm in the habit now of reading the mail that we get from the, my space from our friends out there and I think you're hooked. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Please better hook. I just feel somebody's going to take the time to write some crap. And once in a while, I can hear his case it makes them good material, you know. He don't seem to mind that he isn't cared. Not going to affect his life. He's still author chasing him hot young guys. I mean, whatever he's doing. 13, 141. I think we got our real shot of 13, 42 today. 13, 40 year. Whatever to help it might be. 13. So best talent to the faces. Be your rockers. Jason, you're on Q.A. I don't have any national guards in him because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Right? Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck? Not, there's no national guard at now. Absolutely. Hmm. It's been good for my enthusiasm that you're reading Centaians. And how old are we? Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I wish to hear it. And how? Yeah, don't get quite somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants. Clay, easy. Right now, James, I love the big coming back. I'm tired of considering a little greater than a counter-act. If you want to know what I'll say, if I'm shot that transmitted of loudness. Why, that's easy. You're the one who's the biggest bow. I'm the one who's the one who's the biggest bow. I'm the one who's the biggest bow. I'm the one who's the biggest bow. I'm the hero who's actually got you big bang. I'm the best at my reading ten times of doubt in this night. When I play you at the remodeling, go on for the day and simple words. And we can't. Why do you need this bow? How do you get in your way? Why do you need this bow? And the tail of your degree. All the leaves in your show. Why? Why do you need this bow? I don't care who I'm excited. You have a bite of ways up. You have to pull me into the beginning. Why? You see that? Why are you going to go fire me? I go to 14. No two at five six. Did every cut we got the mad dog coming up with two o'clock. Please tell me that he's going to be out of two and I'm not promoting him all day. I'm going to find out that's going to be somebody else. They don't have to be so many times. Clara's you and idiot. No, he's on. He is on. Thank God for that. Oh, right. Everything is okay. Oh, right. And then we got the power hour with the Humphrey to Mad Dog together. Four to five. But brilliant idea by yours truly. If I say so myself. And then the Humphrey Solo. I was thinking how about you better tell Hank. Good. Next time he goes out to Vegas. We want, well send a camera crew and we want to take the picture of Hank squatting on that big border in the Red Rock Canyon. Do you think just climbing up on it baby and hunting there for a while? I got a hunch he might work off a couple of calories. You think? No. Seven o'clock. It's panther's preview. Seven thirty. The panther's take on the Toronto make believes that the air Canada center. And then he came follows the hockey game. It was nobody given a penny update. So I evidently, there is no news or it's no news. It's good news. I don't know what to deal with. They keep us in the dark. They tell us nothing. WQAM Hello. There's one of the better ones. I told you we'd have some good ones. Good soundy dial tone by the way. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Bye. WQAM Hello. Bye. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Hey everybody. Good to talk to you. Yes sir. I'm actually in Toronto. We're up for the Panther Game tonight. Really? Absolutely. I'll be there. I was wondering, would it be possible to come by and see it there and one of the intermissions or something? You think I'm going to be at the game tonight? I was assuming that you're going to be at the least game tonight. No, no chance. Well I would be at the least game. I don't go to any games. I watch him on TV and my big screen TV and in high evaluation. I just assume that you were seeing thinking of the way you were when you lived in Florida. Season ticker role. You've got to be here. How much the tickets got to the air can of the center even as the city in there like me can of for that craft. I'm just not really crazy about the ambiance and that building. I don't know if you've ever been in there before. But it's not. It's not like Maple Leaf Gardens. It's a very. I don't know. I just not crazy about the air can of the center. No, it's actually our first time here. We're on a whirlwind trip. We actually saw them in Boston a couple nights ago. And there's no we saw them get smacked and buffalo and then we're up here for the canters and they're clean. Boy, you're sure making the rounds man you're doing it. Not not too bad of a day for you. No, no, not at all. It's maybe 45. But like that. 45. Boy, you're driving about 40. They think we're at the West and Arbor. So it's it's not that bad. It is 40. In fact, what a good guess. I just look for city pulses exactly 40 degrees. 45 tomorrow. So we gave you some really fine Toronto weather. Yeah, we don't want to press class night, but not you bad. That's nothing like a little bristles, especially the middle of Hanukkah. Well, listen, have a great time and go Leafs go and say how to go. They throw gully a big. Good one for me. I'll do that for you. Good luck, Valia. See you, everybody. Okay, there's a guy who's standing at the West and Arbor downtown Toronto. Are you impressed? That's exciting. No. Well, this to me. What is wrong with you, man? You're setting it like George. Chris, do not be like a Josh. Okay, don't emulate him. I'll do my best. Do your best to try to be a little more, you know, just lie about it. It's radio. They don't know whether you're excited or not. For all, you know, you're sitting there like a, like a bump on the wall. Of those people in Toronto are excited right now. Meaning what? All those people listening in Toronto. I got people listening in Toronto. Okay, I got people online listening in Toronto. Don't you think we have a lot of people listening online just about anywhere you might say? Yeah. I'm surprised if we got in Canada, they went to the York. We got somebody else now. Hope not. Who don't want to say that? I'll go in there. 13, every 60 votes on the poll. 13, 60, WKAT. My first job in the Miami. Happy at Chinooka to my good buddy, Sid Levin. Hope everything is good with him. So I'm starting to get like, you know, nostalgic in that old age. In fact, you've been only on the show for two years, but you see that you can probably sense the difference already. Where I used to be like more kind of like rock solid. I'm like an old emotional cripple. You know, my daughter wing old years. Don't you feel like? Well, you've been affected lately. In fact, I think I've been. And I think it was infected. So you know, they always talk about those viruses online. I think I'm my space. There's a virus on there. I think there was a virus that got into my computer into my system into my brain. What used to be a brain? I'm fine now. You believe me? No. I don't know why you say that. You're just kidding. No, you're not. You're not kidding at all. If you were within, you know, walking distance, you'd probably come up here with a butterfly and I'd probably bring the guys with the right to the white suit. And then I feel like I believe me a few days ago, I would have been appropriate. I would have surrendered immediately. There are things that happen to all of us in life, and we can't explain them. We don't know why we feel a certain way about things about people, about life, about whatever hell it is. All of these things. And it just crap happens, man. I mean, I'm human. I know that comes to great surprise. All these people are seeing that we all saw it in the old night. I was like, yeah, I'm a human. I like the comment that I brought you down to their level. Yeah, that was the Joe. That was Jacob's old neighbor there. I got the email right here for some strange reason. And it says, it was a side of him that's never been witnessed. And one that brings him down to our level, I think, that I would like to hear like the old man a little more now, said Joe. I hate to admit that I love 487. I hate this pool 209.15.3% a devastating blow to our egos. Collectively, all of us connected with us are even mighty bowling to happy about it. I hate to admit I love me a Rogers 160. And T.C. Rojo 108, talk radio 99, been law isc 993. The carpenter is 76, dogned about 171 musical 51. The food channel 48. I don't love the food channel. I watch some crap on every now and then. It's pretty weak. Neil Sedac, 18, home in Garden, Joe 15. My space 13. And let's see. Rojo 12, country music 7, cottage cheese 7, feed 4, and playing the slots. Solumentade dose Harry. The biggest theme. So best talent to be the assistant to you Rogers. You fell in love with her. When Jeff Bush and its florida legislator, put her feeding to back her another lifeless decade in a hopeless vegetative coma. Now it just won't be the media exploiting Terry Chivalve with you here. Terry Chivalve sing the holiday blessings. T.C. Rojo 12, country music 7, The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76.... The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 36, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 80 ancestral, home in Garden, Joe 15.4% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.2% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.3% The carpenter is 76, home in Garden, Joe 15.7% The carpenter is 76.... What are your Terry Shival holiday CDs today? Happy holidays on behalf of your journalist everywhere. What are you saying Terry? 13. I was saying that's not bad when you come right down with you. I would agree. I got a couple of seconds left. I didn't want to sacrifice any of them for many seconds of the show. You think I would have been a bad idea? I would have been terrible. But on second thought. Bye bye.